Silhouettes by unknown artist seen around East London in recent days .
The new Honda Insight has a lot of elements that make it look like the small Toyota Prius and Mugen decided to eliminate any semblance with the tiny hybrid from Toyota and they changed the car ’s design and tweaked the its performances to create a sporty Insight .
The designers from Mugen made an aerodynamic body kit that makes the car really aggressive and no one would think that this Honda is actually a hybrid .
They installed a new front grille and front spoiler lip , fog lambs , wide side skits , ventilated visors , a rear spoiler skirt with integrated difuser and a new rear wing .
The car ’s design is completed with a set of 15 ″ or 16 ″ aluminum XJ or NR 8 spoke wheels .
Mugen claims that their new body kit creates zero lift so this kit is perfect when it comes to judge aerodynamics .
Even though they changed the car ’s look almost completely the most exciting improvement to this new hybrid from Honda is in the handling department .
Mugen installed a sport suspension package which includes new springs and dampers that lower the car ’s height with 20 mm .
They also offer a unique system called iTCMS which will monitor the tire condition and this Honda Insight gained a lot in handling and stability .
The interior of this ride got a new set of Mugen sports mats , aluminum pedals and other elements that make it look like a race car but probably the most unique element installed by the car tuner is the sport silencer exhaust with a triangular exhaust tip that looks a bit odd .
This blog offers background and follow - up information concerning an article I wrote for Ha'aretz in July of 2009 titled “ Palestinians still waiting for better cell phone service , but is it Israel 's fault ? "
Here 's the link .
My article investigated the politics behind the delayed launch of a new Palestinian mobile phone operator called Wataniya Palestine , a subsidiary of a multi-national telecommunications company .
Wataniya had constructed hundreds of towers and invested millions , but was unlawfully denied airwave frequency spectrum to launch its operation .
The company was unwittingly embroiled in a dispute between the Palestinian Authority and the Israeli government , which controls the airwaves in the Palestinian Territories .
Last November , Wataniya received 3.8 MHz of frequency spectrum and finally launched its operation .
I 've therefore discontinued posting on the blog .
Please contact me by email with any questions or comments : ashleybates@comcast.net .
Nicole Kidman Should n't Promote Her Movies
Actressis struggling with the fact that her latest film Australia was a box office bomb .
Her co-star was .
The movie was directed by , who she also worked with on Moulin Rouge .
She normally does n't watch her own performance on the big screen but she made an exception in this case .
Nicole acknowledges that in her whole movie career , this was only the second time that she attended the screening of her own film .
The first was Moulin Rouge .
During an interview with an Australian radio show , Kidman spoke frankly about how agonizing it is for her .
She claims to have squirmed in her seat through the entire showing .
" I can't look at the movie and be proud of what I have done .
I sat there and I looked at Keith and went ' Am I any good in this movie ? ' "
Kidman , her daughter Sunday Rose and husband country singersaid a quick hello to their family after the screening and got immediately on a plane because the actress did n't want to read any bad press about her performance .
Kidman is hinting that she may be planning to have another child and slow things down a bit .
Being sure not to alienate the rest of the cast , Nicole gave kudos to Hugh Jackman and 11 year old Brandon Walters , saying that they were " wonderful . "
Jackman was recently named People magazine 's Sexiest Man Alive .
Check that out here .
Photo : Wenn
( CNN ) -- Indian doctors have successfully removed a 1.2 - meter rod from a 3 - year - old boy after he was impaled on it at his grandparents ' house .
Indian doctors say Mehul Kumar is out of danger after operation to remove 1.2 - meter iron rod .
The Times of India reported that Mehul Kumar had fallen on the rod while playing on his grandparents ' under - construction roof terrace in Ranchi , the capital city of Jharkhand state .
The rod pierced through Kumar 's body and he then fell to the ground , the newspaper reported .
He was rushed to a nearby hospital and then taken to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences in Bariatu , six kilometers away .
Dr. Sandeep Agarwal , the leader of the five - strong team of doctors who spent five hours operation on Kumar , told the Times the boy was out of danger .
" We first removed the rod following which an operation was done to repair the vital organs that had been injured , '' he said .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
January 22 , 2009
Obama announces the appointment of CFR - Bilderberg members George Mitchell and Richard Holbrooke at the State Department .
From Reuters :
In a flurry of diplomatic activity in his first week in office , U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday named special envoys for the Middle East and the Afghanistan - Pakistan region .
Newly confirmed Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Obama had chosen George Mitchell , a former senator and seasoned international trouble - shooter , as an envoy who will try to jump - start moribund Arab - Israeli peace talks .
Obama tapped former ambassador to the United Nations Richard Holbrooke as a special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan and related issues .
George Mitchell is not simply a CFR member — he is a former director of the globalist organization .
Mitchell “ got his start in Federal politics when appointed by President Jimmy Carter ( CFR member ) , ” writes Tom Kovach .
“ Mitchell is chairman of the second - largest law firm in the world , DLA Piper .
You know , the firm that recently put a full - service , ‘ multicultural ’ office in Dubai .
You know , the port city in a country that tried to buy American port operations with oil money .
Mitchell ’s law firm has a ‘ strategic alliance ’ with a consulting group owned by former US Secretary of Defense William Cohen ( CFR member ) , which did PR work on behalf of DP World , the Dubai company that tried to buy the ports . ”
DLA Piper represents more than half of the top 250 Fortune 500 clients and nearly half of the FTSE 350 or their subsidiaries .
Mitchell sits on the steering committee of the American Friends of Bilderberg along with such luminaries as Conrad Black , Henry Kissinger , and David Rockefeller ,
Alex Jones confronts globalist minion Richard Holbrooke at the Bilderberg meeting in Ottawa .
Ditto Richard Holbrooke .
He is on the board of directors of the Council on Foreign Relations .
A dedicated Clintonite and former ambassador to the United Nations , Holbrooke brokered the Dayton Peace Accords , the “ peace agreement ” that partitioned and reduced Bosnia to a NATO and IMF client state , a model of bankster privatization .
Holbrooke ’s “ peace plan ” was only realized after massive NATO bombardment of Bosnian Serb territory .
Holbrooke is a consummate insider and global elite operative .
Along with Henry Kissinger , David Rockefeller , and Paul Allaire , Holbrooke directs the American Friends of Bilderberg , an organization that takes money from Exxon , Arco , IBM , and other transnational corporations and has its meetings funded by the globalist Ford Foundation , Rockefeller Foundation , and the Carnegie Endowment fund .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
It looks like the White House is shaping up to become a branch office of the CFR and Bilderbergers , but then this is simply business as usual .
For years , the CFR — with its associate memberships in such international units as the Trilateral Commission , Club of Rome , and Bildebergers — has infested not only the White House , but the State Department , the NSC , the Pentagon , and much of the federal government .
“ CFR membership is also inclusive of West Point Superintendents , Allied Supreme Commanders , Secretaries of Defense , and Military Policy members .
Media memberships include Time , New York Times , Newsweek , Washington Post , CBS , NBC , ABC , etc. , ” writes Noah W. Hutchings .
“ The CFR also exerts influence on United States personnel at the various United Nations agencies , which is natural , because UN goals usually parallel CFR ’s goals . ”
The American people think they voted for change , but in fact they simply signed off on four or eight more years of globalist rule .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Napolitano picked to head Homeland Security RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday November 19 , 2008
Print This Email This " Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano ( D ) has been chosen to serve as secretary of the vast and troubled Department of Homeland Security for President - elect Obama , " Politico 's Mike Allen reported late Wednesday night .
" Napolitano is a border governor who will now be responsible for immigration policy and border security , which are part of Homeland Security 's myriad functions . "
" Napolitano brings law - and - order experience from her stint as the Grand Canyon State 's first female attorney general , " Allen adds .
" One of the nation 's most prominent female elected officials , she made frequent appearances on behalf of Barack Obama during the campaign .
She was re-elected to a second four - year term in 2006 .
" Transition insiders have long expected that she would be offered a Cabinet slot , although she had also been mentioned for other posts , including attorney general .
" Napolitano , 50 , endorsed Obama in early January , just as the primaries were kicking off , and the female up - and - comer 's decision to back the Illinois Senator got widespread coverage . "
READ FULL STORY HERE .
The Governor 's background :
In 1991 , while a partner with the private Phoenix law firm Lewis and Roca LLP , Napolitano served as attorney for Anita Hill .
Anita Hill testified in the U.S. Senate that then U.S. Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas had addressed her inappropriately ten years earlier when she was his subordinate at the federal EEOC .
In 1993 , Napolitano was appointed by President Bill Clinton as United States attorney for the District of Arizona .
As U.S. attorney , she was involved in the investigation of Michael Fortier of Kingman , Arizona , in connection to the Oklahoma City bombing .
She ran for and won the position of state attorney general in 1998 .
Her tenure focused on consumer protection issues and improving general law enforcement .
She won the gubernatorial election of 2002 with 46 percent of the vote , succeeding Republican Jane Dee Hull and defeating her Republican opponent , former congressman Matt Salmon , who received 45 percent of the vote .
Napolitano was the first female US governor to succeed another .[ citation needed ]
Some initially considered Napolitano to be a possible running mate for presidential candidate Sen.
John Kerry in the 2004 U.S. presidential election but Sen. John Edwards was selected instead .
In November 2006 , Napolitano won the gubernatorial election of 2006 , defeating the Republican challenger , Len Munsil , by a nearly 2 - 1 ratio .
In January 2006 , she won the Woodrow Wilson Award for Public Service .
This has been moved from the essay section to this page in the misc section .
6:39 pm
Physicians for a National Health Program
Single - Payer Health Reform Bill Introduced in Senate
4:32 pm
Americans for Safe Access
Medical Marijuana Advocates Decry DEA Raid in San Francisco Yesterday
4:30 pm
AFL -CIO
Working Families Ramp Up Grassroots Events in Support of Employee Free Choice Act
4:15 pm
Amnesty International
Thousands of Sri Lankan Civilians Under Attack as Fighting Intensifies , Says Amnesty International
2:29 pm
Amnesty International
Indonesia Must Release 152 Peaceful Protesters Jailed for Raising a Flag , Urges Amnesty International
1:57 pm
Marijuana Policy Project
Medical Marijuana Raid Raises Questions About Obama Policy
1:23 pm
ACLU
Media Invited to Attend April 1 Symposium on School - to - Prison Pipeline
1:12 pm
Wilderness Society
Bill Addressing Wildfire Funding Crisis Passes US
House
It ’s been stormy here in Atlanta .
We ’ve had a wet winter and rainy early spring .
In a drought - stricken region like this , you tend to hear variations on the same joke every time it rains : “ Well , I guess that pesky drought is over ! ”
With all the rain this week , some folks have once again been saying we ’re out of the drought .
Only this time , it was no joke .
Georgia ’s state climatologist , David Stooksbury , declared the drought over this week .
All of the good rain we ’ve had lately has apparently pulled North Georgia out of its water shortage with the exception of Lake Lanier and Lake Hartwell basins .
So as long as you do n’t count the two lakes where we get a large part of the region ’s water , the drought is over !
Wait , what ?
Putting it in Perspective
Atlanta has been in drought for over a decade , and Stooksbury is saying that a few months of heavy rain have fixed the problem ?
It seems a little fishy , so I thought I ’d see what other folks were saying about our water situation .
According to March 24th data from the U.S. Drought Monitor , the North Georgia region was in moderate to severe drought with a small area classified as “ abnormally dry , ” and even an area that is , indeed , drought - free !
Here ’s the map :
Could we have gotten enough rain in the past week to put our water woes behind us ?
It seems believable that maybe the region is now on the border of “ abnormally dry ” and moderate drought , but it ’s a little irresponsible to declare that we ’re free from drought .
Atlanta is coming to the end of its wettest month of the year , and April , May , and June average far less rainfall than March .
I ’m more inclined to believe this more cautious take on Atlanta ’s water situation .
Environmental Protection Division ( EPD ) Director Carol Crouch says that , “ It ’s going to take four consecutive months of returning to normal rainfall for conditions to be such that we could declare that a drought was over . ”
While the EPD checks other drought indicators like soil moisture and stream levels , watering restrictions for the area are still on .
As far as the region ’s water situation , I ’d have to agree with Crouch when she said :
Regardless of whether it ’s a normal year or a dry year , the need for people to connect to how they use water every day and be more efficient is just something that ’s the right thing to do .
Well said !
For some some great tips on conserving water , check out this post over at Planet Save .
Image Credits :
Gloomy Atlanta .
Creative Commons photo by Saud Khan
U.S. Drought Monitor chat via The National Drought Mitigation Center
Wednesday 's news that teen birthrates rates rose in the US for the second consecutive year has set off a fresh round of arguments about federally funded abstinence - only programmes .
Predictably , the pro-abstinence camp considers the statistics evidence that their approach is more essential now than ever .
Valerie Huber of the National Abstinence Education Association told the Washington Post : " This is certainly not the time to remove any strategy that is going to provide skills for teens to avoid sex . "
Retorted Texan - chastity - pledge - devotee - turned - sex - ed - youth - advocate Shelby Knox , reached by email : " If you spend $ 1.5 bn to spew shame - filled garbage to young people and then pass laws that limit their access to good information , contraception , emergency contraception and abortion , then you should n't be surprised when the health outcomes are n't to your liking . "
As the Post 's article notes , this debate is bound to be particularly intense right now , just a few weeks short of when President Barack Obama is expected to announce whether or not he will seek to continue funding abstinence - only programmes .
The evidence has certainly been mounting for those who consider abstinence - only a massive , expensive failure .
After a decade and 1.5 billion federal dollars spent promoting abstinence - only , a rigorous scientific study authorised by Congress reported no real difference in when programme participants first had sex , or whether they had sex before marriage , or in their number of sexual partners .
Obama has been a vocal supporter of comprehensive sexuality programmes that stress abstinence but also provide medically accurate information about contraception and how to use it .
( Under current restrictions , recipients of federal abstinence - only money are prohibited from teaching about condoms or other contraceptives , other than to discuss failure rates . )
But there are further questions to be asked of yesterday 's numbers .
Compiled from birth certificate statistics , all they really show is an increase in birthrates among young women .
They do n't tell us the pregnancy rates , or whether or not the pregnancies were intended , or what ( if any ) information these women had ever received about contraception .
Former Broadsheet contributor Carol Lloyd , no supporter of abstinence - only , was understandably sceptical about attributing blame solely to those programmes back in December 2007 , when the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention reported that teen birthrates had risen for the first time in 14 years .
Me too , regarding this most recent set of stats .
Why , if the abstinence - only programmes of the past decade are the culprits , has it taken 14 years for the decline in teen pregnancy to reverse itself ?
" It takes a while for change to kick in and for a trend to reverse itself , " said Dr John Santelli of Columbia University , who studies teenage sexual behaviour and appeared alongside Knox to offer testimony at the congressional hearings on abstinence - only programmes in April 2008 .
" But there is strong evidence linking HIV education , change in teen sexual behaviours and the declines in teen pregnancy between 1991 and 2004 . "
Santelli reminded me that the 14 - year drop in teen pregnancy followed Everett Koop 's tenure as surgeon general ( 1982-1989 ) .
Koop 's promotion of HIV education during the years immediately following the first reported cases of the virus in 1981 had real impact among teens : they reported a big upswing in condom use and fewer sexual partners .
Then , between 1995 and 2000 ( the Clinton years ) , HIV education dropped while abstinence - only programmes , which discredit condom use while preaching chastity , came into vogue .
And voila .
" Now recent behavioural data from the Youth Risk Behaviour Surveys from 2003 - 2007 suggests declines in teen condom and contraceptive behaviour and little change in sexual activity , " said Santelli .
" Those data are consistent with the shift to abstinence - only approaches . "
Evidence suggests that comprehensive sexuality education works .
( Though I do n't love the idea of mixing accurate medical information with a lot of value - laden lecturing about the importance of abstinence , and suspect that many teens share my view . )
And certainly the abstinence - only camp has n't produced any compelling evidence to support the foolish and callous notion that keeping teens sexually ignorant will prevent them being sexually active .
Time for a change .
This article originally appeared in Salon.com .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) - The Federal Reserve 's decision Wednesday to buy $ 300 billion in longer - term Treasury securities has ignited a firestorm , with analysts saying it will either cause a currency crisis or jolt the economy out of the morgue .
" We 're in a car heading for a cliff and the Fed has just stepped on the gas , " said Peter Schiff , the author of a best - selling book ' Crash - proof ' and one of a handful of economists who worried about the economy long before it slipped into a severe recession .
“ ' We 're in a car heading for a cliff and the Fed has just stepped on the gas . ' ” — Peter Schiff , economist
On the other hand , David Jones , chief executive of DMJ Advisors and a long - time Fed watcher , hailed Bernanke 's decision as a " turning point " for the economy .
The Fed 's plan now is essentially to print money to raise the supply of credit .
It wants to push investors out of Treasurys into riskier assets , but investors might balk , said Ian Shepherdson , economist at High Frequency Economics .
" It is a step in the dark .
We simply do not know how this will play out because there is no prior experience to use as a road map , " Shepherdson said .
Schiff believes that the move will lead to a collapse of the value of the dollar , an outcome he has long predicted .
" Bernanke has sent a giant sell signal to the rest of the world to sell their Treasurys to the Fed .
There is going to be a stampede , " Schiff said .
" This is going to be a currency crisis .
That 's what is coming , " he added .
Schiff believes that the recession was the " cure " for an economy built on the sands of consumer debt .
Many analysts believe Fed chief Ben Bernanke decided to take the unprecedented step because Congress and the Obama administration now seemed paralyzed as public outrage builds over bailouts for Wall Street and bonuses paid to employees of American International Group .
Bernanke has said repeatedly in the past month that the economy can not recover unless the financial sector is willing to lend .
Some economists were pragmatic about the move , saying that if it worked , it might be worth it .
Many just do n't think it will work .
Lou Crandall , economist at Wrightson ICAP , said he does n't think yields will stay low .
" Once the initial surprise wears off , the market tends to look past public - relations moves in most cases .
Ultimately , we think the market is likely to focus on the fact that the net market supply of intermediate - and long - term Treasuries is still growing rapidly even after taking the Fed 's buybacks into account , " he said .
Lots of buzz about a hot , new documentary film A Sea Change which is about ocean acidification and its potential to empty the oceans of fish .
I have n’t seen the film although I had a chance to at a seafood conference in San Diego last month but could n’t face a visual version of a topic I ’ve written about since 2006 .
I have enough trouble sleeping as it is …
Turns out the filmmakers got the idea to make the film by ‘ googling ’ “ ocean acidification ” in Nov 2006 and found very few entries .
I guess my 2006 articles were among the first - ever articles published about ocean acidification and how climate change is a major threat to the global oceans .
— Stephen
July 5 2006
Ailing Reefs Face New Threat of Acidity
By Stephen Leahy
Climate change is making the world ’s oceans more acidic , seriously endangering marine ecosystems , including coral reefs .
Carbon dioxide emissions from the burning of fossil fuels have already made the oceans 30 percent more acidic than they have been in millions of years , according to a new report by leading scientists .
And the rate of acidification is accelerating as the oceans absorb more than two billion tonnes of carbon each year from the atmosphere .
“ This is a dramatic change in the world ’s oceans , a change that marine organisms have never dealt with before , ” said Joan Kleypas , the report ’s lead author and a scientist at the National Centre for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder , Colorado .
“ The oceans have changed and they are becoming more acidic .
There is no debate about this , ” Kleypas told IPS .
April 2006 :
Climate Change Shattering Marine Food Chain
By Stephen Leahy
Vast swaths of coral reefs in the Caribbean sea and South Pacific Ocean are dying , while the recently - discovered cold - water corals in northern waters will not survive the century – all due to climate change .
The loss of reefs will have a catastrophic impact on all marine life .
One - third of the coral at official monitoring sites in the area of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have recently perished in what scientists call an “ unprecedented ” die - off .
Extremely high sea temperatures in the summer and fall of 2005 that spawned a record hurricane season have also caused extensive coral bleaching extending from the Florida Keys to Tobago and Barbados in the south and Panama and Costa Rica , according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ’s Coral Reef Watch .
High sea temperatures are also killing parts of Australia ’s 2,000 - kilometre - long Great Barrier Reef , the world ’s largest living reef formation .
May 5 2006
What Are Zooplankton ?
( And Why You Should Care )
By Stephen Leahy
Scientists probing the depths of the Sargasso Sea have discovered new species and learned more about the vital role of its smallest animals , zooplankton .
We found a large number of species , including a number that may be new to science , at depths of one to five kilometres , ” said Larry Madin , a senior scientist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute , located on the U.S. northeast coast .
“ Despite inhospitable conditions of permanent darkness , crushing pressure and 4 degree C temperatures , the deep oceans are not devoid of life , ” Madin told IPS .
Here is collection of my more recent articles on this ( includes coverage of two important 2008 science conferences on corals and ocean acidification ) :
Coral Reefs and Acid Oceans Series
Most people who are familiar with me have seen me in countless discussions on television or the Internet .
Typically , these episodes include lots of shouting , quick interjections , some ridicule , and little chance to present serious ideas or explanations .
It is rare that I have the blessing of uninterrupted time to explain why we have arrived in our current state of affairs , and how we can get out of it .
Such an opportunity presented itself this past weekend when I was asked to deliver the keynote speech at the annual Austrian Scholars Conference at the Ludwig von Mises Institute in Auburn , Alabama .
The Institute is one of the premiere bastions of the type of free market economic thinking that is widely known as the " Austrian School . "
Fortunately , in addition to warm southern hospitality , the Institute also provided top-rate audio-visual equipment to record the event .
( In stark contrast to the gear that I have been using for my daily video blog — do n’t worry , we ’re working on it . )
Better still , they have graciously posted the material on their daily blog :
In the talk I provide a detailed overview of how the bubbles in both tech stocks and real estate were extremely easy to foresee and how government policy played such a large role in creating and nourishing the bubbles as they grew .
I also spend a great deal of time analyzing why mainstream economists still do not understand the fundamentals of our current crisis , and how the government ’s misguided stimulus and bailout policies are sowing the seeds for economic devastation .
So if you have a free 75 minutes ( no one has ever accused me of being short - winded ) , click on the above link to get some straight answers with no commercial or political interruptions .
Peter Schiff is president of Euro Pacific Capital and author of The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets and Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse .
Peter Schiff Archives
The Best of Peter Schiff
The trade body for ISPs has today cautiously welcomed news that the government does not plan to build a massive , centralised database of communications data , but voiced fears about the cost to its members .
ISPA was responding to the Home Office 's consultation on the Interception Modernisation Programme ( IMP ) , published this morning .
" In particular ISPA welcomes the decision by Government to explicitly exclude a central database as a means for storing communications data , " it said in a statement .
The intelligence and security agencies had campaigned within government for a central store for communications data .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith ruled the idea out today , citing privacy concerns .
Instead , the government plans to spend £ 2bn to have ISPs intercept and process the data , ready for investigators on demand .
Such a system will mean providers will need to hire new staff and buy new equipment .
ISPA said the government had to ensure it covered the costs with public money .
" In updating the government 's capabilities in the new communications environment , ISPA expects government to commit to reimbursing service providers for any extra costs of storing and retrieving data as is required under existing legislation , " it said .
Arrangements already exist to reimburse ISPs for the costs of retaining communications data as ordered by the EU data retention directive , which came into force earlier this month .
Under the government 's IMP proposals , they would be ordered to collect , store and process much more data , including from third party services running over their networks , such as Skype and Facebook .
BT and Virgin Media , the two largest ISPs , both said they would be examining the consultation in detail before responding .
BT said : " This is a complex topic and we look forward to studying the detail of the Government 's proposals and responding in due course .
We will , of course , continue to adhere to whatever rules and regulations apply to us . "
Virgin Media said : " As a responsible ISP , Virgin Media understands the needs of law enforcement groups , however any policy changes must not sacrifice customers ' privacy . "
A source said IMP has privately received a frosty reception from many in the industry , who would prefer less contact with government .
In 2007 authorities made more than half a million requests for phone and internet records .
Dr Richard Clayton , a Cambridge University researcher who has followed the development of IMP closely , said despite the decision not to store communications data centrally the programme as envisaged will represent a major increase in surveillance .
" The Government seems to have bottled out from proposing a central communications database , because it is easy for anyone to understand how disproportionate it would be . "
" But they are still proposing to force the ISPs and phone companies to record all the details about every website visit , every instant message , every tweet and every glance at a Facebook page . "
The Conservatives welcomed the decision not to build a central database .
" The big problem is that the Government has built a culture of surveillance which goes far beyond counter terrorism and serious crime .
Too many parts of Government have too many powers to snoop on innocent people and that 's really got to change , " shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling said .
" It is good that the Home Secretary appears to have listened to Conservative warnings about big brother databases .
Now that she has finally admitted that the public do n't want their details held by the State in one place , perhaps she will look at other areas in which the government is trying to do precisely that . "
The Liberal Democrats called for strong safeguards around access to the surveillance data ISPs will collect . ®
Talks between Israel ’s outgoing Kadima government and Hamas appear to have fallen through , and there will be no prisoner swap to free jailed Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit in return for hundreds of Hamas detainees .
Official rhetoric which emphasized the enormous value of the captured soldier and the relatively little value placed on the average detainee in Israel made for a serious seller ’s market for Shalit , and drove the price much higher than the Olmert Administration was willing to pay .
But rather than pass the issue on to the Netanyahu government ( which seems inevitable at any rate ) , Israel is now looking for ways to pressure Hamas into lowering their asking price : mostly by worsening the conditions the Hamas detainees are living under .
Officials will be examining Hamas treatment of Israeli captives and will recommend adjusting their policies accordingly .
The primary change is likely to be a ban on all visitors to imprisoned Hamas members .
Other changes may follow too , but the ability to significantly worsen the already harsh conditions faced by most of the nation ’s detainees may be seriously hampered by considerations of international law .
Moreover , the tactic appears to have an inherent flaw : worsening the conditions of detainees after the government has already made it clear it has no intention of releasing many of them is just perplexing : even if Hamas is appalled by the treatment of their members they have no route to rectify the situation for those they ’d consider the most important .
In the end by publicly releasing Hamas ’ demands and dismissing them out of hand , the outgoing government is likely setting up a situation where the only face - saving move for Hamas will be even less flexibility in negotiations .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , February 16 , 2009
In an interview with Sir David Frost on Al Jazeera television , veteran investor Jim Rogers pinned the blame for the economic crisis squarely at the feet of the Federal Reserve , and said that the World Bank and the IMF should be abolished , not given more power , if a recovery is to be made .
Rogers strongly slammed Obama ’s stimulus package , pointing out that more good money was being thrown after bad , and that the bailouts were only making things worse .
The veteran investor said that the U.S. was following the same disastrous policies as Japan in propping up companies that should be allowed to fail , and that the same consequences would be reaped as much as 20 years into the future .
“ The way the system is supposed to work , when times like this come , the solid people , the competent people , take over the assets from the incompetent people and then you start over again from a sound base , this is what South Korea did , this is what Russia did , and they did fine .
What they ’re doing this time is they ’re taking the assets away from the competent people and giving them to the incompetent people and saying now you compete with the competent people with their assets and their money – it ’s terrible economics and it ’s not going to work , it has n’t worked before and it ’s not going to work this time , ” said Rogers .
Rogers said that price had to be paid for 15 years of excess , but that the crisis could have been overcome in two or three years had zombie companies and banks been allowed to go to the wall .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ The central bank in the United States , the Federal Reserve , would not let people fail , ” said Rogers , pointing out that had former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan let Long Term Capital Management fail in 1998 , both Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae and Lehman Brothers would still be in business , “ because people would have taken such a hit , and so many people would have been fired , these bozos that were doing this sort of thing , that you would not have had these problems . ”
“ The way the system is supposed to work is when you make a mistake you go broke , he refused to let people go broke , he saved his friends and now we ’re all having to pay for them , ” added Rogers .
Asked if he had any respect for the World Bank and the IMF , Rogers responded , “ Zero … .
the best thing that would happen would be if we could abolish the World Bank and the IMF , they were set up in 1945 and ‘ 46 with very sound goals and very sound aspirations – they have far far far left behind those aspirations and goals , they ’re now run by people who do little more than take care of themselves …. look at their projects and you would be mortified . ”
In response to a question about what if any sectors would be profitable amidst the crash , Rogers advised people invested in stocks to “ get yourself a tractor and learn how to farm ” .
Watch the clip below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By David Shukman
Environment correspondent , BBC News , Copenhagen
The research has " severe implications " for low - lying cities , such as London
The global sea level looks set to rise far higher than forecast because of changes in the polar ice - sheets , a team of researchers has suggested .
Scientists at a climate change summit in Copenhagen said earlier UN estimates were too low and that sea levels could rise by a metre or more by 2100 .
The projections did not include the potential impact of polar melting and ice breaking off , they added .
The implications for millions of people would be " severe " , they warned .
Ten per cent of the world 's population - about 600 million people - live in low - lying areas .
Explorers dive under Greenland ice The UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , in its 2007 Fourth Assessment Report , had said that the maximum rise in sea level would be in the region of 59 cm .
Professor Konrad Steffen from the University of Colorado , speaking at a press conference on Tuesday , highlighted new studies into ice loss in Greenland , showing it has accelerated over the last decade .
Professor Steffen , who has studied the Arctic ice for the past 35 years , told me : " I would predict sea level rise by 2100 in the order of one metre ; it could be 1.2 m or 0.9 m .
" But it is one metre or more seeing the current change , which is up to three times more than the average predicted by the IPCC . "
" It is a major change and it actually calls for action . "
Dr John Church of the Centre for Australian Weather and Climate Research added : " The most recent research showed that sea level is rising by 3 mm a year since 1993 , a rate well above the 20th century average . "
Ice flow Professor Eric Rignot , a senior research scientist at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , said that results gathered since the IPCC showed that melting and ice loss could not be overlooked .
" As a result of the acceleration of outlet glaciers over large regions , the ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica are already contributing more and faster to sea level rise than anticipated , " he observed .
Professor Stefan Ramstorf of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research said : " Based on past experience , I expect that sea level rise will accelerate as the planet gets hotter . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The forecasts by the team of scientists are critically important for coastal communities .
At Lowestoft , on the UK's east coast , the Environment Agency official in charge of coastal protection , David Kemp , said that even small rises in sea level could be overwhelming .
" Put bluntly , if it 's 10 cm below the height of the defence , then there 's no problem , " he told me .
" But if it 's 10 cm above the defence , then we could be looking at devastation .
" It looks very benign today but the North Sea can turn into a very ferocious beast . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Zimbabwe 's Novel Currency
Zimbabwe ’s currency has been essentially worthless in - country for months .
Now the Zimbabwe dollar is officially worth more on eBay , where collectors can snap up a few trillion - dollar notes for less than $ 25 .
Technically , a currency exchange would give you 37 million Zimbabwe dollars for every U.S. dollar , but since Zimbabwe ’s government recently suspended its currency altogether , you probably should n’t bother .
They ’re worth far more as novelty items .
( HT : Paul D ) [ % comments ]
Some gadgets look like they came straight out of a James Bond movie .
One is a softball - sized camera that can be thrown into a suspect house and transmit images to soldiers outside .
Another is a special door - buster that is connected to an M - 16 and can blow open booby - trapped portals .
On February 18 , the IDF Ground Forces Command put these weapon systems and others - most of them used during last month 's Operation Cast Lead in the Gaza Strip - on display in a military base in the South .
Called the Eyeball , the spherical camera was developed by the Tel Aviv - based company ODF Optronics .
An advanced , audio - visual surveillance sensor , the Eyeball was used by IDF troops during the Gaza offensive to survey homes and suspicious areas before entering them .
Each unit is only slightly larger than a baseball and can be simply thrown into the area that needs to be checked out .
It can also be mounted on a pole or lowered on a cable into a tunnel .
Another product from the same company is the Eyedrive , a lightweight , four - wheel , remote - controlled , observation and surveillance mini- robot that provides continuous , real - time 360 º audio and video surveillance .
Due to its durability , the robot can be thrown on the ground , go down stairs , flip over and keep on going .
The IDF also tested the HTR 2000 , a new sniper rifle that will be distributed to all infantry battalions .
It has a range of more than 1,000 meters and can be used with a special night - vision add - on scope .
The adjustable heavy tactical rifle is made by H - S Precision INC in the United States .
Also used for the first time during the offensive was the Matador shoulder - launched anti-structure munition .
Used by infantry to destroy Hamas positions inside homes and other structures , the Matador incorporates an advanced tandem warhead concept that can be operated in two modes : against fortified positions and other structures , and to create a hole in a wall without destroying the inside of a home .
The system was acquired by the IDF in light of the Second Lebanon War , when infantry forces had problems hitting Hizbullah positions inside homes in the absence of a tank or attack helicopter .
The Ground Forces Command also put the IDF 's new armored personnel carrier on display .
The Namer ( Tiger ) is based on the same platform as the Merkava MK4 Battle Tank and has the same high - level of reinforced steel protection .
" The Ground Forces Command is more prepared today than it was in the past decade to deal with the threats and challenges in the North and the Gaza Strip , " OC Ground Forces Command Maj. - Gen. Avi Mizrachi said .
Yaakov Katz is a verteran correspondent for the Jerusalem Post .
Find the latest news and features on the Mideast at www.jpost.com.
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
President Barack Obama has authorised the deployment of up to 17,000 extra US troops to Afghanistan .
Mr Obama said the soldiers had been due to go to Iraq but were being redirected to " meet urgent security needs " .
It is the first major military decision by the Obama administration , and comes amid a major review of US policy in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
On Tuesday , the UN said that 2,118 civilians were killed in the conflict in 2008 - an increase of 39 % from 2007 .
Graph : US troop numbers in Afghanistan since 2001 Militants were to blame for 55 % of the deaths , while US , Nato and Afghan forces were responsible for 39 % , the UN said .
Iraq connection Mr Obama telephoned Afghan President Hamid Karzai to inform him of the troops increase .
The new US administration has been highly critical of Mr Karzai 's government , and it is believed to be the first direct conversation the pair have had since Mr Obama 's election .
I recognise the extraordinary strain that this deployment places on our troops
US President Barack Obama
Obama 's new Afghan strategy Send us your comments
The additional troops are to be sent before warmer weather brings an expected increase in fighting in Afghanistan , US defence officials said .
During his election campaign Mr Obama promised to withdraw US combat troops from Iraq within 16 months after becoming president , and make Afghanistan his priority .
In his latest statement , Mr Obama said : " The fact that we are going to responsibly drawdown our forces in Iraq allows us the flexibility to increase our presence in Afghanistan . "
Afghanistan had " not received the strategic attention , direction and resources it urgently requires " , he said .
A senior White House official was quoted by Reuters as saying that a decision on cutting US troop levels in Iraq would be taken within " weeks " .
' Strategic attention '
The new deployment will be made up of 8,000 marines , and 4,000 army soldiers , plus another 5,000 support staff .
They will serve in the south of Afghanistan , where the violence has been worst .
" The 2nd Marine Expeditionary Brigade from Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , with approximately 8,000 marines will deploy to Afghanistan in late spring 2009 , " said a statement from the Pentagon .
" The 5th Stryker Brigade , 2nd Infantry Division from Ft Lewis , Washington , will deploy approximately 4,000 soldiers to Afghanistan in mid-summer 2009 .
" Approximately 5,000 additional troops to support these combat forces will receive deployment orders at a later date . "
The US already has about 14,000 troops serving with a Nato - led mission .
There are also 19,000 US troops under sole US command charged with fighting Taleban and al - Qaeda insurgents .
US commanders in Afghanistan requested up to 30,000 additional troops last year , and former President George W Bush had repeatedly promised that more troops would be sent .
Analysts say Mr Obama 's announcement is largely making good on the promises of the previous administration , rather than sending additional troops to those promised by Mr Bush .
The increase " is necessary to stabilise a deteriorating situation in Afghanistan " , Mr Obama said .
" The Taleban is resurgent in Afghanistan , and al - Qaeda supports the insurgency and threatens America from its safe - haven along the Pakistani border . "
" I recognise the extraordinary strain that this deployment places on our troops and military families . "
* Allocation of new deployment between Operation Enduring Freedom and Nato ISAF to be confirmed .
Return to the top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The U.S. economy turned in its worst performance in a quarter - century in the closing months of 2008 , and risks are growing that the current months could be even worse .
Gross domestic product , a gauge of the nation 's output , fell at a 3.8 % annual rate in the fourth quarter , adjusted for inflation , from the previous quarter .
The decline was the largest since 1982 , though still well below the postwar record 10.4 % quarterly drop seen in 1958 .
While ...
Matteo over at Cubiq has created a nifty spinning wheel selector widget and released it under the MIT License .
The widget gives you the ability to present users with a picklist with multiple columns , with animation that closely resembles the native Picker View .
Just released from beta , the script is composed of two parts : the stylesheet and the javascript .
No HTML is needed as all the elements are created by the script on the fly .
Simply include the javascript and stylesheet in your page and you are ready to go .
The code does not need initialization on window load .
You cannot have more than one picker at a time , so the Spinning Wheel object is unique and it is created as soon as you include the JS file .
Customizing the slots is simple , just add your own styles .
The whole thing has been minified to 9kb , so it ’s using minimal bandwidth .
Matteo was kind enough to make a nice screencast for you to enjoy on your desktop .
You can also see a working demo on your iPhone / iPod Touch here .
Source : Cubiq
Demo
Screencast
The Nigerian government says it has asked for the names of the bribe takers US investigators have traced $ 150 m in bribes given to Nigerian officials to Swiss banks , Nigeria 's justice minister has said .
Michael Kase Aondoakaa said the money was part of $ 180 m in bribes given by US construction company Halliburton to Nigerian officials .
The Nigerian government says it has asked the US to release the names of officials who negotiated the bribes .
Halliburton admitted paying the bribes to top officials between 1994 and 2004 .
" We have discovered that $ 150 million of the bribe money is in Zurich .
That is the first shocking discovery .
The entire money is $ 180 million .
$ 150 million is already trapped in Zurich , " Mr Aondoakaa said .
Halliburton and its engineering subsidiary Kellogg Brown Root negotiated bribes with " three successive holders of a top - level office in the executive branch of the government of Nigeria " during that time , according to the plea agreement the company made with the US Department of Justice .
The Nigerian government has come under pressure from the media to follow up the findings of the US court and prosecute the Nigerian bribe - takers .
Mr Aondoakaa said they had requested the court unseal the judgement and pass on the names of the officials .
Albert " Jack " Stanley , the former chief executive of KBR who pleaded guilty to making the bribes in order to secure $ 6bn in contracts , is to be sentenced on 6 May.
KBR has agreed to pay more than $ 402 m in fines , of which Halliburton , as the former parent company , agreed to pay $ 302 m .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
So price increases at the core of our economy are not effectively counterbalanced by interest rate adjustments .
Yet if they were , our system might equally fail , because real estate is a compound entity with many dimensions , and is not subject to the same principles of efficiency or supply and demand as , say , factory or farm output .
Real estate is completely unlike any other economic good , being a product , a cost , an asset , an investment avenue , a basic need on a par with food and water , a form of infrastructure and the staple for all financial institutions .
It is all these things .
The fact that an array of people make money in a boom period makes price appreciation look good until the underlying decay from all the other attributes of real estate takes off the shine .
And price booms are hard to fix with the current tools of financial regulation , which is why the cycle recurs in advanced urban economies .
So equally , two things are certain .
Economic theory has failed to forecast crises with weary regularity , and regulation has failed as a prophylactic .
The boom always busts .
Despite this failure though to avert crises , macroeconomic theory is remarkably resilient .
The reasons are political and personal , and probably habitual .
Although proven ineffective and just plain wrong , time and again , John Maynard Keynes offers a useful cover to governments for monetary and fiscal intervention - a valuable thing in times of crisis .
Keynes validates the mandate for the US to use the World Bank and the IMF as tools for international diplomacy .
He lends radical economists a foundation to change capitalism .
And into the bargain , he gives professional and academic economists a good gig .
So do n't count him out just yet .
Counting him out , as we lately discovered , is a provocative thing to do .
In a piece published here last October , '' Keynes is dead , let 's bury him ' ' , we espoused views on the subject .
As we noted then Keynes had no theory of business cycles at all , except to say in a postscript to his " General Theory " that since he had explained everything , he must have explained cycles .
This is paraphrasing his General Theory .
Keynes 's solution to the recession was simply " to avoid it in the first place , " a policy which assumed away asset bubbles .
These claims drew a blusterous response from Keynes adherents around the world .
Many seemed to take the Keynes observations as a personal insult .
They love him almost as much as his biographer , whose own life reflects a form of hero worship , living vicariously through Keynes , in his old house no less .
And since these claims inflamed such debate , their story is worth telling .
As far back as 1990 , from the air space that was the 97th floor of the World Trade Centre 's Tower One , co-author of this article , Andrew Boughton - then working with Deloitte & Touche in New York - sent Professor Peter Groenewegan at Sydney University a fax , seeking validation of a thesis called " Safe as Houses ... Safe as Banks '' , along with a curious interpretation of Keynes .
Groenewegan was receptive and sent a copy to a Keynes expert and former Sydney University Political Economy student , Rod O'Donnell , now a professor at Macquarie .
An '' inverted general theory ' ' gradually made the rounds of the Political Economy crowd .
A few years ago , University of Western Sydney 's Professor Steve Keen took up the cudgels for real estate and finance , supported by the theories of Minsky and colleagues back at the Merewether Building at Sydney University , having long held an interest in the mathematics of political economy .
Keen , whose predictions of reckless leverage and speculation in recent years have been vindicated overall through the present credit crisis , declared this week that Australia was bound for a Japanese - style experience of drawn out recession .
Stimulus measures were not resolving the problem , he said , simply adding to the Government debt .
The same theme was current in Boughton 's earlier work , along with other correspondents in the United States such as Charles R Morris and Lowell Bryan , though he differs from Keen on the role of government .
While citing Marx on the proclivity of the ' ' parasites ' ' , the banks , to '' periodically despoil industrial capitalists ' ' and '' interfere in actual production ' ' , Keen noted that he did not expect capitalism to collapse .
For many on the left , however , the current crisis is a first - rate opportunity to prove capitalism is a failure , from end to end .
The far left wants to change contemporary capitalism and all human relations .
So to them .
the core issue is not dysfunctional finance , but finance per se .
Though the majority of workaday Keynesian economists would not agree , to the reformists who actually understood him , Keynes has always been an acceptable face for that agenda . ''
Deep in Merewether , while Marx may be long gone the quest for the origins of the original demon , Capital , among the thickets of capitalism continues .
A political economist ranges like an immortal Livingstone , forever seeking the source of the Nile in the African jungles .
Or an undead Keynes , who , as part of the character of Dickon in HG Wells ' " The World of William Clissold " , is still '' thrusting in a sullen , persistent way through a dark jungle of finance ... in search of something vulnerable ' .''
Criticising Keynes as a liberal fascist makes no friends in Political Economy .
Even if crude Marxists see Keynes as the enemy for allegedly '' saving capitalism , '' deeper Marxist academics like Professor Frank Stilwell acknowledge a debt to Keynes and Mosley .
Thus in a recent doom and gloom media interview ( '' It 's a depression , I 'm afraid ' ' ) , University of Western Sydney 's Steve Keen , sported a t- shirt with a quote from Keynes , though only Gerard Henderson seemed to have really noticed .
The point about Keynes is that his personal beliefs had a profound effect on his economic theory .
To imagine one at the centre of a milieu like Bloomsbury and The Apostles would allow their life 's passion to sink into the desert of dry theory without an attempt to put across something more alive is certainly naive .
His political essays and letters give it away , as does his biographer Roy Harrod when in the midst of an otherwise sanitised " Life of Keynes " , a spectacularly candid passage on the heart of the General Theory fairly leaps from the pages .
" Money is the nigger in the woodpile ... if only the beautiful liquidity of money could somehow be destroyed ...
Keynes accordingly had a good word for Gesell and his proposal for a stamped money which would depreciate . ''
Money and finance is at the heart of fascism and communism , since it is the money nexus which degrades civilisation .
Both systems seek to turn money into non-money , as Viktor Gerashchenko said of Soviet finance in 1990 .
Keynes attempted to pass a fascist currency system onto the West via the General Theory , which in a quirk of fate was used sixty years later to justify Shock Therapy in transitioning Russia away from just such a system .
This obsession with " the love of money - as - itself ' ' as the root of evil in Western civilisation also largely explains the persecution of the Jews under both systems .
In a soon to be released work on Keynes and fascist economics , co-author Boughton quotes the hitherto hidden appearance of JM Keynes in Wells ' bible of the progressive left , at some length , and years ago even unearthed film footage of Keynes meeting with Henry Ford in Greenfield Village , Michigan , in 1925 in the visit referred to by Wells in the midst of the following passage :
As is evident in Keynes ' own letters , Wells reports him as viewing bankers as the devil incarnate , with their mindless refusal to join the Wellsian '' Open Conspiracy ' ' for the greater pubic good .
Better material for the Open Conspiracy were practical men of business and science like Henry Ford and Viktor Rothschild , the latter having befriended Keynes since Cambridge , as an Apostle , and having left the family 's banking business for a life in industry and defence technology .
And as with Ford and Marx , Keynes ' private world was filled to the brim with anti-Semitic banking rhetoric .
Even his formal economics is replete with that catchcry of the Nazis , '' hoarding ' ' , and his essays with ' making the Rentiers '' disgorge ' ' their ill - gotten gains .
When Keynes dined with Albert Einstein in Berlin he was sure that '' He is that kind of Jew - the kind which rarely has its head above water , the sweet , tender imps who have not sublimated immortality into compound interest . ''
High praise indeed .
'' Yet if I lived there ' ' , he continued , '' I felt I might turn anti-Semite .
For the poor Prussian is too slow and heavy on his legs for the other kind of Jews , the ones who are not imps but serving devils , with small horns , pitch forks , and oily tails .
It is not agreeable to see a civilization so under the thumbs of its impure Jews who have all the money and the power and the brains ...''
This is probably not the Keynes our correspondents , indignantly defending Keynes ' liberalism after our earlier piece , had in mind .
Lest this be thought merely a sign of those times , bear in mind it led like - minded colleagues and friendly protagonists like Shaw and Wells to write this kind of thing , even in the late stages of World War II : ( George Bernard Shaw , Everybody 's Political What 's What ? , London , 1944 .
Quoted in ' GBS In Extremis ' , a review in The New Republic , September 20 , 1944 , p. 666-7 . )
Or '' The Nazi movement is in many respects one which has my warm sympathy ; in fact , I might fairly claim that Herr Hitler has repudiated Karl Marx to enlist under the banner of Bernard Shaw .
You can therefore imagine my dismay when at the most critical moment Herr Hitler and the Nazis went mad on the Jewish question . ''
( Gibbs , p. 355 , quoting an interview with Haydon Church , Sunday Dispatch , June 4th , 1933 ) .
Not because this was unjustified , but politically unwise .
A wiser way to contain the threat was to create a Jewish state .
'' The Jews are worse than my own people .
Those Jews who still want to be the chosen race ( chosen by the late Lord Balfour ) can go to Palestine and stew in their own juice .
The rest had better stop being Jews and start being human beings .
This is the real enemy , the invader from the East , the Druze , the ruffian , the oriental parasite ; in a word : the Jew . ''
( London Morning Post , December 3 , 1925 ) Aside from the distasteful nature of this sort of vast psychological projection - and the fact that the Nazis were fulfilling the harsh endgame of British liberal fascism - the real objection to Keynes , as with his opponents , is that they never focused on mundane real world events outside their own political dramas , on which their mathematical modelling should have been based .
They were probably not that much interested .
Keynes is often said to have been an excellent mathematician .
To have added a couple of self evident ideas to flawed models , as economists do , is pointless .
On a road trip you might as well say : '' Sure we 're still lost , but we 're in a faster car now and we 're making great time . ''
At the Big Four audit firm KPMG in 1994 , a senior audit partner in banking , John Buttle , sponsored and co-authored a paper with Boughton called '' Real Estate , Banking & Business Cycles ' ' in 1994 , to see how general theory might look with real estate and finance at front and centre .
This was well received at the time by Westpac , which had neared collapse in the last property crisis of the early 1990s , and Macquarie Bank called in KPMG to help forecast short - term movements in their new property - based securities , which behaved '' differently ' ' to other securities , a near - impossible task at that stage .
KPMG asked about their portfolio in Asia , which was growing , and gave the same advice as at the KPMG Industry Week Forum , which it was to exit within three years .
With the same paper , KPMG also approached the then head of the Reserve Bank of Australia , Ian Macfarlane , who lately joined the board of the ANZ , and Dr Claudio Borio , head of Research at the Bank for International Settlements in Basel , which establishes the Basel Risk framework used by bank regulators internationally , including APRA .
They also approached Wharton economists at the University of Pennsylvania like Susan Wachter , Dick Herring and Bobby Mariano , all Keynesians associated with the IMF and Housing & Urban Development in the US .
All were receptive , bar the assault on Keynes .
The BIS was already thinking along the same lines , and has since produced stellar work on the subject .
Yet this economic theory is far from accepted by the academic mainstream , and has yet to make a viable connection with the kind of near - term forecasts created from base data by teams of mathematicians and data vendors like Rismark and RP Data , or Australian Property Monitors and other consultants , or RBA forecasts .
So even now , a revised General Theory centred around metropolitan economics and finance has yet to emerge .
This means that the BIS and our local banking regulators face a long road ahead before truly drafting any regulations which can curb the deleterious consequences of real estate cycles .
All they can to do is fiddle about the edges , and lament that cyclical stress testing is not taken seriously by banking executives .
This leaves risk managers in banks devoid of real decision - making authority around real estate portfolios and transactions .
Indeed , so much so that in late 2005 , experiencing trouble in parts of their portfolio and foreseeing more , the chief risk officers ( CROs ) at one Big Four Australian bank were reduced to asking a Big Four assurance firm to ' ' tell their general management '' that property cycles still existed .
'' They believe property cycles have been banished forever ' ' said the head of property risk .
'' We 'd like someone to tell them it is n't true . ''
In the event , the assurance firm demurred , preferring a soft landing .
To what theories and tools have governments resorted ?
Now , in deference to the Big Four banks , with their huge commercial real estate exposures - and the spectre of offshore banks reticent to roll over Australian corporate loans as they head for home - the Government is proposing to prop up commercial property players with taxpayer money .
And so it is that '' Rudd Bank ' ' has been borne , and ' ' social capitalism ' ' is its ideological licence .
But indeed , surely no responsibility sharpens the senses like that of heading a government in a Depression .
It is instructive to revisit at least some political leaders from the 1930s , whose experience equally shows that in dealing with a crisis , pragmatism is everything , though of course some theory to manage its prevention would be infinitely better .
Jack Lang , the Premier of NSW in the early Depression years and more latterly Paul Keating 's political mentor , had the greatest clarity of vision over the causes of the Depression , and this was the genesis of KPMG 's work in the field .
Lang wrote in his memoirs an account of the causal relationship between property lending in the 1920s and the Great Depression of the 1930s :
Lang was regarded as a radical firebrand in his day , and was accused by his opponents , particularly at the conservative Bulletin , of being a communist .
Yet he was a solid Labor conservative by today 's standards , and had an eminently practical grasp not only of the causes of the Depression , but of the political possibilities of his situation .
He had been a lawyer and a real estate auctioneer , and understood the business well .
While his scope to act was not as broad as today , it also became clear to him that a confluence of forces made the situation almost intractable , no matter what governments might attempt in practice or in theory .
Deflation , the death spiral of our system , was almost inevitable .
Lang 's memoirs were released in the later stages of the 1958 - 62 recession .
A decade after came the crash of the early 1970s , a relatively minor recession in the early 1980s , the property crash and recession of the 1990s , and now the GFC .
To paraphrase Lang , the events of each were strikingly similar .
The approach of the US Government was similar to Lang's , and found support from Keynes .
While Roosevelt is usually seen as the Great Big Spender with his New Deal , it was his predecessor , the Republican president Herbert Hoover , who spent bigger before Roosevelt came on the scene , for which the conservative political historian , Paul Johnson , took him to task .
Commenting as an historian , Johnson would have favoured Andrew Mellon 's strategy of deflation to propping up bad businesses , perhaps similar to Malcolm Turnbull 's approach today .
Yet the fact that banks were not guaranteed during the Depression was unquestionably a factor making it more severe and prolonged , and moreover , if by and large the rest of the business community was on the receiving end of a credit and asset shock , its failure as the Depression took hold was not so much bad business as bad luck .
Brilliant as his work may be in many respects , Johnson may also have erred in suggesting , in contrast to Keynes as well as recent history , that high interest rates rather than artificially low rates would have killed off the stock market boom of the 1920s .
Other historical evidence vividly corroborates Jack Lang 's observations .
Each major recession and banking crisis in Australia , from the establishment of commercial banks in the 1840s to the present , has been either directly precipitated or profoundly deepened by speculation in land and housing , often associated with railway construction .
" The first stage of the Depression , '' according to the noted historian of Australian banking Harry Nunn , " was the collapse of the land boom , the second the tightening of credit . ''
Most historians view the 1890s depression in the same way , deepened by speculative investment in railways and wool .
Theories about finance , property investment and recessions began to emerge throughout the 1870 - 1940 period but never achieved a viable nexus with industrial theory .
Astute observations were made by economists during the Great Depression on these relationships .
G. H. Hull , Industrial Depressions , F.A. Stokes Co. , NY , 1911 George E. Roberts , ed , Economics for Executives : Panics , Crises , and Depressions , American Chamber of Economics , NY , 1921 , pp. 28-302
Another American text , first published in 1937 , gave a clear description of the association between the growth of real estate loans extended by commercial banks in the US in the 1920s on inflated property values , and the onset and duration of the Depression .
Paul Gemmill and Ralph Blodgett , Economics : Principles and Problems , Harper , NY , 1937 ( revised edition 1942 ) , Ch 34 , p. 71
The data used by these American economists showed that the average rate of yearly increase in the volume of real estate lending between 1921 and 1929 was 17 % , or nearly 20 % if we exclude the sharp downturn during 1929 .
The average increase for commercial and industrial loans was zero , and the average for all business loans was 6 % .
Other data from the 1920s as well as business cycles before and afterwards reflects the same phenomenon .
The 1960s and 1980s exhibit a similar pattern , once we exclude external funding for takeovers , as do most business cycles in the nineteenth century , particularly when we take account of railway construction .
Henry George , the radical political economist who sold more economic texts than anyone before or since , first elaborated at real length the effect of rapidly appreciating real estate values on the incomes of business and consumers .
He explained that speculation in railways was coincidental rather than causal .
Henry George , op cit , Bk. V , Ch. 1 , Centenary edition , Robert Schalkenbach Foundation , 1979 , pp. 274-275
Economists have searched in vain for some aspect of Keynesian general theory to explain broad cycles , and have drawn a blank .
The best they can do is cobble together some abstract psychology - the idea that general gloom overtakes us in a boom period - with the self - evident notion that falling consumer spending compounds a general economic slowdown .
Meanwhile government counter - cyclical interest rate policy remains the pre-Keynesian one of raising interest rates to head off a boom , while using Keynes to justify high levels of government expenditure and garnishing their case with the virtues of fiscal policy .
The only other change has been in monetary policy .
Realising that raising interest rates creates an international bidding war , the G - 7 central bankers created an agreement in the 1990s to avoid such escalation , and have more recently acknowledged deflation as a greater risk than inflation in a falling property market .
While Keynes was undoubtedly right that raising interest rates would not head off a boom but surely induce and prolong recession , he failed to acknowledge - for reasons of a long term social agenda - that the investment resulting from abundant credit leads to chronic asset price inflation rather than industrial production .
This is the fatal flaw in his '' system ' ' .
And his view of causation , that a fall in consumption is due to a fall in consumer and investment confidence , is none the better for then describing the ensuing contractionary spiral .
We all know that expansion and contraction are opposites , and that one is good and the other bad .
But both parts of this Keynesian explanation are merely part of the same description .
We should be looking ahead of time for what causes the leading indicator to fall , instead of turning the description of a recession into its explanation .
If we accept that real estate cycles play a significant role in causing recessions and prolonging their duration , rather than following industry into and thence out of recessions , we would expect to see what historic observers have always seen , that a downturn in real estate and construction precedes other sectoral downturns , and vice - versa .
Our definition of " leading indicators " may be flawed .
We inadequately separate causative indicators with longer lead - times and symptomatic indicators which appear on the eve of consequent events .
The onset of a prolonged economic recession may be heralded by a downturn in construction and retail sales , but neither of these are the " cause " of the recession .
The concept of rolling recession emerged in the 1980s , with the idea that different industries experience their own cycles .
Being devoid of any explanation for general cycles , however , it was insufficient to demolish the idea that general recessions are somehow caused by the onset of mass psychosis .
The only real change in macroeconomic management to take place during the twentieth century , as Friedman once observed , has been to insure banks against failure during recession .
While governments have professed to be Keynesian but still use the classical theory in practice , which would come as a surprise to most of us , Keynes had the effect of removing our focus from what really causes cycles .
Traditionally regarded as the problem child of the modern economy , with a manic temperament which renders it unstable , the property and construction sector has been left out of mainstream theory .
Quite a feat , as this sector is the largest in the global economy .
Land , labour and capital prevail with capital being industrially - focused and land considered only as farmland .
No urban , consumer and asset - oriented economic theory has emerged either independently of , or in concert with , industry economics .
Even a cursory structural review of the economy reflects a gross imbalance in the industry - centred model .
Real estate and construction activity generally amounts to between 17 % and 23 % of GDP directly , and in most " industrial " economies exceeds the size of the manufacturing sector .
Recent data in Australia shows that even by 1993 / 94 , housing credit relative to Australian GDP was some five times that of thirty years earlier .
Dwellings and other buildings account for 55 % to 60 % of gross domestic capital formation in most countries , whilst plant and machinery typically constitute between 25 % to 30 % .
The activity of the banking sector mirrors this structure in the economy , with real property accounting for a huge percentage of total bank lending .
Not including government securities , a quick review of the accumulated and income producing wealth in an industrial economy reveals upwards of 45 % of all wealth is to be found in property ownership and trading .
When we view the input - output models of any industrial economy , it is apparent that property and construction accounts for 25 - 30 % of all economic activity on the basis of the value of direct activity , plus those components of manufacturing , services , utilities and government activity attributable to property and construction .
As a cost , rents and mortgages have progressively increased in real terms over the past three decades , while wages have slightly fallen .
Industry has become more efficient , and the cost of consumer goods has progressively decreased .
Household expenditure on shelter is now higher overall in most economies than expenditure on food , and in some businesses , it is on a par with the cost of wages .
When we consider that buildings are used in all private and public activity , the inflationary implications of property price increases becomes still more apparent .
Since real estate , like labour , is part of everything we do , it adds to costs at each stage of production , distribution and consumption , as well as feeding directly into wage claims .
In terms of costs , wealth , finance and employment , real property is as important to the economy as the entire manufacturing sector , particularly when we factor in its intimate association with banking and finance .
Given the structure of the economy and the financial system , and the fact that property cycles are far more pronounced and monolithic in nature than industrial cycles , the interaction of property and finance represents the only " event " which in itself is capable of enmeshing the entire economy in a general business cycle .
It also represents a completely different set of relationships to that found in mainstream theory , because in this alternate view , industry is on the receiving end , not the initiating end , of business cycles .
What is real estate ?
The real key to understanding why real estate is so influential is to better define it .
Real property is at once the major investment and consumption good in our economy .
It is also a quasi- monolithic , worldwide market , and despite the huge quality and locality differentials which exist , from an investment point of view it is not dissimilar to the major commodity markets .
Unlike other asset investments such as the art market , it is a necessity , and is therefore its price is driven as much by inelastic demand as by choice .
Property is the economic bedrock , providing vital infrastructural support for virtually all economic activity , whether household , government or business .
This infrastructure role is intimate .
We physically live and operate within real structures .
The function of real property extends beyond the economic and into the social , and indeed structures are defined by economists as one of the three basic economic needs , the others being food and clothing .
All other economic entities are naturally subordinate to these three .
Yet historically in economics , property has been treated as a productive resource , that is , productive agricultural land .
Urban property has never been truly defined in economics , except by default as capital investment .
Why ?
It is many things to many people .
Property resembles infrastructure , involving large amounts of capital , large - scale construction techniques , with large structures left at the end of day .
It is an asset which can be traded , and like machinery , the structures depreciated .
The land on which a structure sits , and to a lesser extent the structure itself , is a reusable commodity which is not traded for consumption like other goods , but is permanently re-tradable .
It is also fixed in place and cannot be imported or exported .
Like finance , real estate is a facilitator of other economic activities - commercial , industrial and household .
It is instrumental to being a consumer , trader or producer , but in itself produces nothing .
Yet it is also a direct cost overhead to businesses and consumers , rivalling the cost of salaries in many businesses and the cost of food in many households .
To the consumer it is a major consumption item for which , like food , the demand is totally inelastic .
And it is also a fixed asset which effectively never depreciates , making it - unlike a car or fridge or stove - an investment .
Property is also a services and manufacturing industry , which like the motor vehicles industry is of great importance to a host of other basic and complex goods producing sectors which supply it : steel , glass , aluminium , plastics , chemicals , bricks , cement , lumber and so on .
A huge number of professionals derive their living from the property sector , from architects and builders to interior designers and environmental planners .
So property is not exactly a consumption good , nor a capital investment , nor a producer good , or simply an asset .
It is a hybrid of all four , and not surprisingly , its market functions differently to any of them individually .
Its supply and demand works more like that for asset markets than for consumer , producer or capital goods markets .
In these latter markets , as prices rise , an increase in supply brings about price normalisation and thereafter a real long - term price reduction .
In property markets , when prices rise , so does supply .
Prices do not fall to some equilibrium point where demand meets supply because the market has nothing to with supply and demand .
On even a moderately rising market , the whole concept of equilibrium is not only irrelevant , but counter to what is going on .
People are profiting from a perceptual shortage induced by an extraordinarily high degree of trading , as in a bull market in stocks .
Once the bull market is set in reverse , it takes a creative mind to see how it can be stalled .
Everything collapses , including the huge trade credit regime threading through the construction supply chain .
Perhaps Professor Stilwell was right in one sense , when he remarked that if we had listened to Keynes and Mosley in the 1930s - though he meant the more radical rather than sanitised ideas , so we might as well add Hitler and Mussolini - the Depression may not have lasted so long and ended in WW II .
On the other hand , perhaps Keynes himself is also right , at least in one respect , that the way to cure recessions is to avoid them in the first place .
Ah , if only he had the key .
But then , he never went into banking to '' find out ' ' .
Are we really going to once more make '' parasitic ' ' bankers once more the villains of the present drama , with Keynes reappearing as the Saviour , laissez faire relics and angry neo-cons as his foes , and let ourselves off completely ?
'' We have met the enemy , and he is us '' said Walt Kelly 's Pogo .
Where are all those of all political persuasions who were about to make a fortune in real estate a couple of years ago ?
Or those with poor credit , at least before low - doc loans , angry that skinflint bankers were locking them out of the property escalator ?
All calling to lynch those who gave us the wherewithal to extract abundant wealth in real estate transactions from our neighbours .
The fact remains that until radical economists learn to focus on practical outcomes instead of trying to change human nature , and traditional economists fully accept and develop theories around the work of regulatory economists , and we learn that we can't all quit our day jobs to become property developers , it will all be forgotten as before , until next time .
( CNN ) -- Jeanne Thomas was sitting at her desk at work when she decided to check the security camera that she installed in her home .
The Thomas home had been burglarized before , so she installed a monitoring device where she can watch a live video feed of the camera in her home .
Steven Morales , 19 , was arrested in the invasion of a Boynton Beach , Florida , home .
When Thomas decided to pull up the feed of her house Wednesday morning , she could n't believe what she saw .
There was someone inside her home , someone she did n't know .
Thomas picked up the phone and called 911 .
" I'm watching my home on live monitor , and there is a black man in my house , and he is robbing it , " she told the dispatcher .
The woman on the other end of the call asked Thomas where she was , and Thomas replied , " I 'm in Fort Lauderdale , at my work . "
Thomas ' home is in Boynton Beach , Florida , more than 20 miles away , yet she was watching over the Internet as two men walked through her home , picking up items .
Watch the video from Thomas ' home »
Police later arrested Curtis Williams , 20 , and Steven Morales , 19 .
According to the Boynton Beach Police , Williams and Morales entered the house through a pet door .
As the 911 dispatcher was calling police to the scene , Thomas stayed on the line , giving a play - by - play of what she was seeing .
" He 's in my house .
I am seeing him walk around my house .
He 's in my bedroom right now , " she said .
The bedroom cannot be seen in the video , but the door from the living room into the bedroom is visible .
Thomas watched as the men wandered through her home , taking valuables such as her TV and Wii gaming console .
" This is unbelievable , " she told the 911 dispatcher .
" The cat is freaking out .
The dogs are hiding . "
One of the burglars took a bag of shredded cheese from the refrigerator and could be seen on the video stuffing it in his mouth .
None of them noticed the small camera that resembles an air freshener .
" They walked right up to it and did n't know what it was , " Thomas said later .
A few minutes after Thomas called 911 , the video shows police officers entering the home .
According to the police report , " Williams and Morales had placed the victim 's 37 inch flat screen TV , a safe , gaming machine with several misc .
games ( total value approx . $ 3000 ) on the victim 's bed . "
Williams and Morales told police that two other people , not seen on video , were also involved in the incident .
All four suspects were arrested and charged with burglary of a dwelling and attempted grand theft .
Thomas ' husband thought she was nuts for spending $ 250 on the webcam system , telling her she would never catch anyone .
But to her , it now seems like a smart investment .
Thomas hopes it will be a lesson for burglars .
" You never know who is watching you , " she said .
All About Fort Lauderdale • Boynton Beach
The White House is setting up a meeting with evangelicals to discuss " abortion reduction " .
Right Wing Watch raises an interesting question about this : why ?!
The Rewire team is in Boulder pounding out our exciting future but I wanted to point folks towards the meeting taking place at the White House next Tuesday .
Concerned Women for America ( CWA ) and the Family Research Council are set to meet with Josh DuBois , the head of this administration ’s Faith Based Office to discuss abortion reduction .
TBN.com ’s David Brody writes :
The meeting plans to focus on the need to reduce abortions in the country and on responsible fatherhood programs .
Also present at the meeting will be Tom McClusky , Senior Vice - President of the Family Research Council as well as representatives from the Christian Medical Association and Care Net , a pro-life Evangelical pregnancy crisis group .
And though Wendy Wright of CWA has this to say , via an email to The Brody File , about the meeting :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
“ The Obama administration says they want to be inclusive and represent all Americans .
The White House faith - based office is now tasked with reducing the number of abortions – something that pro-life groups have very good experience in accomplishing .
Pregnancy resource centers and regulations on abortion have a terrific track record in helping women choose alternatives to abortion .
Funding abortion or abortion providers is one of the worst things that could be done .
What the government funds , we get more of .
We hope to begin a dialogue that results in policies which actually work , not just financially benefit certain interest groups like abortion providers . ”
Kyle at Right Wing Watch parses out just how closed the extreme religious right really is to " common ground " work :
If the Obama administration thinks that it is going to win support for anything that it does on this issue from groups like CWA and FRC , it is sorely mistaken … which is something they will presumably learn once this meeting takes place .
These are not moderate , open - minded groups looking for common ground – they are militant , anti-choice groups committed to , above all , making abortion illegal everywhere and for everyone , with no exceptions .
It is hard to understand what the administration expects to gain by meeting with such groups to discuss efforts to reduce abortion considering that the only option such groups support is to outlaw them entirely .
Well said .
If the Office of Faith - Based Initiatives wants to work on taking care of women ’s health and lives why not focus on proven pregnancy prevention tools ?
Why not clear a path for faith based programs to provide access to health information and services to women who cannot afford care otherwise ?
Read more at Right Wing Watch .
90 out of 100 of the world ’s biggest brands have ‘ Fan ’ pages on Facebook as the social network proves to be an effective advertising platform after all .
Despite the spectacular failure of Facebook ’s Beacon advertising platform , brand Fan pages were one of the biggest social media success stories for brands in 2008 .
Fan Pages were launched in November 2007 to give brands an official presence on the social network .
One of the fastest growing Fan pages not surprisingly belonged to Barack Obama fan page in the lead up to the historical US presidential election , attracting more than 4.5 million fans .
The Obama fan page grew virally but was supported additionally by social ads on Facebook to extend its fan base .
The President has been dubbed a ‘ man of the digital age ’ for his internet savvy strategies to recruit younger voters .
Fan pages are a brand ’s official presence on Facebook and therefore to the World .
It is therefore critical that these fan pages are professionally set up , designed and promoted to reflect brands values in order to represent a credible and authentic point of contact between the brand and consumer .
Facebook fan pages can be a highly cost effective way of creating and empowering positive brand ambassadors in a fun and easy way , especially in the current economic climate .
The best fan pages need investment to ensure that the page has interesting , relevant content which is updated on a regular basis .
Fan pages should also offer added value to fans through sneak previews , downloads or interesting news .
Here is the latest top 25 Facebook Fan Pages :
After filing for bankruptcy last year — but then being miraculously saved by Kellogg's !
—
Mother ’s Cookies announces its return to West Coast shelves starting May 4 .
( Yes we 're on the Mother 's newsletter listserv . )
Many favorites seem to be back , including Circus Animals , Iced Lemonade , Iced Oatmeal , and Taffy .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
By Anonymous - 21/3/2009 04:46 - United States
Today , I came home and saw on our fridge , " Please do n't drink anymore , I really worry about your health " written by my 7 - year - old daughter .
I figured she would n't ever find out , so I opened the fridge .
But I found another note on a can that said " So you 're going to drink anyway ? "
FML
For Microsoft , 1980 means a new decade and new technology .
Microsoft introduces the Z - 80 SoftCard , Steve Ballmer joins the company and we announce XENIX OS , a portable , UNIX - based operating system for 16 - bit microprocessors .
Previous Episodes :
The History of Microsoft - 1975
The History of Microsoft - 1976
The History of Microsoft - 1977
The History of Microsoft - 1978
The History of Microsoft - 1979
January 1 , 1980
Microsoft Consumer Products announces its first consumer - oriented application software , Typing Tutor .
April 2 , 1980
Microsoft introduces the Z - 80 SoftCard , a circuit board that plugs into the Apple II computer and allows Apple II users to run CP / M applications with only minor modifications .
June 11 , 1980
Steve Ballmer joins Microsoft with responsibility for Operations , including personnel , finance , and legal areas of the business .
August 25 , 1980
Microsoft announces XENIX OS , a portable , UNIX - based operating system for 16 - bit microprocessors .
1980 Revenue / Headcount
The 1980 year - end sales total $ 8,000,000 .
The 1980 Calendar Year employee headcount totals 40 people .
Other products released in 1980 : Basic Compiler 5.3 , TRS - DOS COBOL and Basic , muLISP and muMATH , TRS - 80 Editor / Assember , XMacro - 86 Cross Assembler , COBOL - 80 Compiler 4.0 , BASIC Interpreter for Z8000 , Olympic Decathlon ( game ) , M/ SORT , FORTRAN & COBOL for Apple II , RAMcard ( memory expander for the Apple II )
Other 1980 :
" [ W]e are inclined to believe them to be produced by an evolution of the planet , just as on the Earth we have the English Channel and the Channel of Mozambique . [..]
Their singular aspect , and their being drawn with absolute geometrical precision , as if they were the work of rule or compass , has led some to see in them the work of intelligent beings . "
[ Giovanni Schiaparelli ]
( 1835-1910 )
' canali '
decidedly
life on Mars
' canali '
If we skip past some of the early contributors to our knowledge about the planet Mars -- Aristotle , Ptolemy , Copernicus , Galileo , Brahe , Kepler , Maraldi , Huygens , Herschel , Schroeter and doubtless other astronomers , all sharing the common handicap of relatively poor visual equipment -- we arrive in the second half of the nineteenth century , when the telescope 's quality of resolution had advanced sufficiently , allowing for observation ( and therefore mapping ) of the Martian landscape .
Chief among the early cartograhpers of Mars was , an Italian astronomer who worked at Brera Observatory in Milan for more than thirty years .
In the late 1870s he produced an audaciously detailed map of Mars for which he had devised a nomenclature system to identify the newly discovered features .
His system drew upon his knowledge of classical mythology , Greek and the Bible and thereby anointed the planet with " a set of romantic and wistfully evocative names " .
The myopic and colour blind Schiaparelli ( neither of which , in all seriousness , hampered his renown as a meticulously observant astronomer ) included in his map -- which he continued to augment all through the 1880s , and which served as the cartographic authority on the Martian landscape in planetary astronomy for two decades -- linear features that he saw criss - crossing the surface of Mars , which he referred to as .
This Italian word translates to English as either ' channels ' or ' canals ' , and although Schiaparelli was implying the more naturalistic descriptor , ' channels ' , somehow ' canals ' became the accepted terminology .
Whether or not there was any relationship between the construction of the Suez Canal at about the same time -- aartificial project -- and the way in which these martian canals added fuel to the romantic notion of there being intelligent lifeforms on Mars , is a matter for speculation .
Nevertheless , and without going much further into the details , Schiaparelli inadvertently generated a most newsworthy phenomenon .
Writings by the emphatic protagonist for theidea , Percival Lowell ( last picture above ) , were sufficiently noteworthy at the time to ( apparently ) provide inspiration for one of HG Wells ' science fiction books .
Schiaparelli's ( in ) famousturned out to be a kind of optical illusion caused by interactions between light , dust clouds that form in the martian atmosphere , the orbital location and background interference from the planet 's surface itself .
If a sketch is made of something that was n't really there but you believed it to be there at the time , can you call the result abstract art I wonder ?
I guess so .
So today we celebrate these tiny , underdog countries , the Rocky countries , who kicked ass against all odds .
You 've got to love the underdog .
It does n't matter who they are or whether or not they 're good at all , we just want the little guy to win -- because in the real world , he usually does n't .
6 Albania Cheats at War ... and Kicks Extraordinary Amounts of Ass
If you 're not familiar with the Balkans , here 's a fun experiment that 'll give you a quick education .
Go to YouTube , and find any video from the region ( Albania , or Greece , etc ) .
Scroll down to the comments and lay witness to the terrifying spectacle of violent , unrestrained Balkan hate contained within .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Something along these lines .
That 's the Balkans .
So when we hold up Albania as an example of a badass underdog of a country , well , you can see what kind of neighborhood they 're from .
And it 's been that way for a long time .
More than 500 years ago , the small , mountainous , fiercely independent country was under attack by the Ottoman Empire , at the time a hugely powerful nation that had just torn through the whole of the Balkans like paper mache .
Only tiny Albania stood in its way of total regional domination .
The Ottomans promptly high - fived each other , said something about how " this was going to be fun , " and prepared for a route .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Waiting for them was a man named Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg -- the name alone is so incredibly badass that it will make you shit yourself -- who lead a hardened , patriotic army of Albanian resistance warriors all across the countryside , basically fucking up the Ottoman 's shit every opportunity he got .
In one battle , he killed 22,000 Turks while losing a mere 2,000 of his own men .
While defending the castle of Kruje , his 8,000 man army beat 160,000 Turkish troops , who were led by the legendary Sultan Mehmet II .
Shit , those are feats we can't even replicate in Age of Empires .
Pictured : Albanian resistance leader Gjergj Skanderbeg , tattooed onto the arm of a man who
we are going to assume will kill you just to see if his gun is still working .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Gjergj Skanderbeg was what many consider the world 's first guerrilla leader , using the mountains to his advantage and striking at the Ottomans in ways that would make any strategy game - playing nine - year - old cry out , " GAY ! HAX ! "
What was it that finally ended Albania 's stand ?
Fucking malaria .
Skanderbeg died in 1467 , and though the memory of his name was enough to inspire Albania for another 10 years of resistance , they eventually fell .
That 's right , it took mosquitoes to do what the most feared army on Earth at the time could not .
Geplantes Adresshandel - Verbot : Schaar wirft Regierung Zögern vor
Die Politik verschleppt eine bessere Abschirmung der Privatssphäre , sagt Chefdatenschützer Peter Schaar .
Beim Adress - Handel kuscht sie vor den Unternehmen .
Deutschlands oberster Datenschützer warnt davor , dass ein Verbot des Adresshandels noch scheitern könnte .
" So entschlossen die Bundesregierung anfänglich war , so zögerlich geht es im Bundestag voran " , sagte Peter Schaar am Dienstag in Berlin .
Schuld daran sei vor allem der Druck aus der Wirtschaft .
" Ein solch massives Auftreten der Lobbyisten erlebt man selten . "
Der Bundesdatenschutzbeauftragte stellte seinen Tätigkeitsbericht für die vergangenen beiden Jahre vor und zählte dabei die jüngsten Datenschutzskandale in der Wirtschaft von Telekom bis Deutsche Bahn auf .
Es sei höchste Zeit zu handeln , sagte Schaar , doch im Bundestag begriffen das einige Abgeordnete offenbar nicht ganz .
Mit dem neuen Datenschutzgesetz wollte die Regierung den Handel mit persönlichen Daten grundsätzlich verbieten .
Ausnahme : Ein Bürger , der etwa ein Zeitungsabonnement abschließt , stimmt der Weitergabe der Daten ausdrücklich zu .
Bisher muss man widersprechen .
Seit das Innenministerium Wolfgang Schäubles ( CDU ) den Gesetzesentwurf veröffentlichte , laufen Unternehmen Sturm dagegen .
Ihr Argument : Ohne Adressdaten sei keine Werbung möglich , und ohne die drohe die Pleite .
Das Klagen zeigt erste Erfolge .
Für Wohltätigkeitsorganisationen und Zeitungsverlage gibt es bereits Ausnahmen .
Und ausgerechnet in Schäubles eigener Unionsfraktion wollen immer mehr Parlamentarier das Gesetz am liebsten ganz kippen ( taz vom 26.03.2009 ) .
Schaar fürchtet nun ebenso wie die Opposition , dass das Gesetz bis zur Bundestagswahl 2009 verschleppt und dann einfach vergessen wird .
Ebenso mühselig gestaltet es sich bisher , der großen Koalition einen besseren Datenschutz für Arbeitnehmer abzuringen .
Zwar sind sich SPD und Union nach den massenhaften Bespitzelungen in verschiedenen Discountern einig , dass etwas passieren muss .
Konkretes folgte daraus bisher nicht .
Schaar wünscht sich mindestens eine gesetzliche Regelung : Unternehmen sollen für das Arbeitsverhältnis erhobene Daten nicht für andere Zwecke verwenden dürfen .
Der Bundesdatenschützer mahnte , bei all den Datenskandalen in der Wirtschaft nicht das staatliche Fehlverhalten auf diesem Gebiet zu vergessen .
Dabei ginge es nicht nur um die bekanten datenschutzrechtlichen Vorbehalte gegen die Vorratsdatenspeicherung oder die erweiterten Befugnisse des Bundeskriminalamtes .
Erhebliche datenschutzrechtliche Risiken sieht Schaar in der Steueridentifikationsnummer , die ab 2011 die Lohnsteuerkarte ersetzen soll und im elektronischen Einkommensnachweis - kurz Elena .
Mit der Steuer - ID entsteht erstmals ein bundesweites Adressverzeichnis , in dem unter anderem auch die Religionszugehörigkeit erfasst wird .
Werden diese Angaben mit anderen Datenbeständen verknüpft , ließen sich umfassende Personenprofile erstellen .
Bürgerrechtler glauben , dass dieser Pool bald das Interesse der Sicherheitsbehörden wecken wird .
Das Elena - Gesetz sieht vor , dass Arbeitgeber ab 2010 die Entgeltdaten ihrer Beschäftigten an eine Zentrale Speicherstelle senden .
Damit entfallen die bisherigen Entgeldbescheinigungen auf Papier .
Die Zentralstelle speichert die Daten unter einem Pseudonym .
Ab 2012 sollen Arbeitslosen - , Wohn - und Elterngeld per elektronischer Signatur auf der EC - oder einer Chipkarte abrufen können .
Den Schlüssel für die Kodierung der Einkommensdaten von etwa 30 Millionen Deutschen soll Schaars Behörde verwalten .
" Dafür brauchen wir aber mehr Personal " , sagte der Datenschützer .
" Wir können nicht immer komplexere Aufgaben mit gerade einmal 70 Mitarbeitern erledigen . "
Dr. David Green is a Board - Certified Dermatologist who has been providing cosmetic and medical dermatologic care as well as management of vein disorders to those in Maryland and the Washington , D.C. area for over 30 years .
Here at the LaserDerm & Vein Center of Maryland , our first and foremost commitment is to provide the highest level of personalized care while adhering to the most professional and ethical of standards .
Dr. Green and the entire Staff understand the significance that skin health and appearance affects emotional health and well - being .
We will work with you to achieve your goals using our skill , experience and innovative treatments .
Chris Brown and Rihanna Together Again
Although nobody really knows what happened on February 8th between singing sensationsand , we have seen and heard enough to know that Rihanna should be steering clear of Brown , who was bailed out of jail for $ 50,000 after allegedly beating the singer up .
Photos surfaced of a bruised and beaten Rihanna and the world went crazy .
On this site alone , the comments and messages that we received was unbelievable .
The majority of our readers were in favor of Rihanna ending her relationship with Brown .
They were also very vocal in their desire to see Chris pay his dues and serve jail time .
So after three short weeks , the pair are together again in Miami Beach at one of Sean " Diddy " Combs pads on Star Island .
The media has been reporting that the two had been in contact and that Chris showered Rihanna with some expensive gifts last week for her 21st birthday .
Where does Chris stand right now ?
The case is now in the hands of the Los Angeles district attorney .
Brown has been charged with making criminal threats .
Have you seen the picture ?
We think Chris clearly delivered as well as made the threats .
So far Chris has lost his endorsement deals with Got Milk and Wrigley's .
Photo : WENN
It ’s magically beautiful outside in San Francisco today , but instead everyone is talking about the $ 7.4 billion acquisition of Sun Microsystems by Oracle .
( More on Techmeme . )
A number of people have contacted me with questions to the effect of “ Oracle is evil , they now own MySQL , WordPress runs on MySQL , OMG !
What ’s next ? ”
In addition to the millions of WordPress blogs all using MySQL , all of the projects Automattic contributes to are MySQL - based and we run more than 250 servers dedicated to MySQL .
Last Thursday at The Next Web I talked about how we need an Internet Bill of Rights to protect our data and the countless hours we pour into complex online services , such as Facebook and Last.fm , and that the foundations for this were laid down 20 years ago by Richard Stallman and the GPL .
Today our servers are running various versions of MySQL , tomorrow they ’ll be running the same thing , and if need be ten years from now they can run the exact some software .
Because of the GPL every WordPress user in the world is protected — we ’re not beholden to any one company , only to what works best for us .
Today that ’s MySQL , tomorrow that ’s MySQL , a year from now we ’ll see .
Most importantly whatever happens will happen on our timeline .
That ’s the definition of Freedom .
Here are few other reasons not to be worried , and a bonus at the end .
Oracle bought Innobase , makers of the InnoDB engine that most large users deploy as their main storage engine , in October 2005 .
The sky has not yet fallen .
As a company Automattic has never really needed the support services that MySQL provides and even if we did there are plenty of third parties also providing support .
Most of the useful updates for MySQL have been coming from outside , to quote Jeremy Zawodny :
The single most interesting and surprising thing to me is both the number and necessity of third - party patches for enhancing various aspects of MySQL and InnoDB .
Companies like Percona , Google , Proven Scaling , Prime Base Technologies , and Open Query are all doing so in one way or another .
On the one hand , it ’s excellent validation of the Open Source model .
Thanks to reasonable licensing , companies other than Sun / MySQL are able to enhance and fix the software and give their changes back to the world .
In terms of innovation , the most interesting developments have been from outside as well , in projects like Drizzle .
( I would not be surprised if this moment is for Drizzle what Movable Type changing their licensing was for WordPress , even though in this case they ’re both Open Source . )
I ’ve met a number of people at Sun who are incredibly smart , and if they stick around I expect cool things to continue to come out .
There are some new developments in the WordPress world , namely that I think it would be possible to add support for databases other than MySQL without changing every $ wpdb call or breaking any plugins or themes .
It wo n’t be easy , but the coolest stuff seldom is .
Anyway , I now really wish I had agreed to keynote at the MySQL User Conference starting today . 🙂
Last week , when Google CEO Eric Schmidt ( GOOG ) described the economy as " pretty dire " and said Google was " not immune , " some analysts argued that Eric 's comments were not new and should not be taken to mean that Google 's business is deteriorating .
This interpretation seemed like wishful thinking .
According to sources , it was .
The search business has deteriorated markedly this quarter , industry sources say , especially over the past month .
A source at Google says the company 's revenue has decelerated rapidly over the same period .
Wall Street estimates already call for a severe slowdown in Google 's revenue growth this quarter , from 25 % year over year growth in Q4 to 11 % in Q1 .
Some of the revenue deceleration , therefore , is likely in the stock .
The revenue weakness has reportedly gotten worse over the past month , however , so Q2 is likely to be affected more than Q1 .
Wall Street currently expects Google 's revenue growth to stabilize around 10 % for the next three quarters and then accelerate in Q4 .
Based on recent trends in the business , we think this , too is wishful thinking .
We expect Wall Street estimates to continue to come down .
The attack we presented at BlackHat Europe 2009 showed how it could be possible to take complete control of mobile originated data connections , by using a standard Provisioning mechanism , exploiting the ability to deliver configuration messages to handsets and performing social engineering on user by means of spoofing techniques .
Provisioning is a process that allows for remote configuration of Mobile Devices , and is tipically used by Mobile Operators for sending handsets the correct configuration for using data connections ( eg : Internet access , MMS … )
Userpin is one of the available security mechanisms for performing the Provisioning process .
When using such mechanism the Mobile Operator sends a text SMS , advising the user that he is going to receive a configuration message , and a PIN code , that will be used for installing the configuration .
The configuration message is then sent as a second SMS .
The user needs to insert the received PIN code , and then the configuration will be installed .
Abusing the Provisioning process can be performed in multiple ways .
The solution we presented at BlackHat relies on changing the DNS address with the Userpin mechanism , but other options are possible .
Our paper can be downloaded here and slides here
A demo of the attack is now also available in the video below , where two samples of the attack have been performed .
Further information and details are reported in the following .
We will provide additional samples and variations , while covering handsets from more manufacturers , in the next few days .
In this scenario , a fake info SMS is sent first , an user will believe it has been sent by the Operator because of the spoofed source and the message content .
If this message is trusted , then the user will be confident that the configuration message he will receive afterwards is also legitimate .
This SMS has been sent by using one of the many services available over the Internet , that allow sending SMS with arbitrary message source .
Then a configuration message is sent and it can be installed by using the PIN provided by the attacker ; successful installation of this message will make the user trust even more the received configuration .
Usually , there is no need for spoofing such message , because many handset do not display its source .
The Nokia handset in the demo correctly shows the source number , but an attacker may bypass this by spoofing this message as well , or just by leveraging the fact that many users will not notice the information .
The provisioning message has been created by using a custom tool , but similar tools are easily available over the Internet .
In many cases , the provided configuration is installed directly as the default one .
The Nokia handset in the demo asks the user before installing it as the default , but , at this point , many user will likely consent to this .
In our scenario the attacker changes the DNS address with an IP of a DNS server he controls .
All the DNS queries will be answered with the address of an HTTP transparent proxy , and all the HTTP traffic will flow through this point of interception .
This allow to access and modify the traffic , effectively hijacking the sessions .
The video provides demonstration that , by using this technique , an attacker is able to access the clear text victim traffic .
This can be achieved just by sending a couple of SMS to an unsuspecting victim ; the attack will survive to any reboot of the handset .
User awareness is one of the best defense against this kind of attack :
Have a careful look to the configurations installed in your handset .
Let op !
Related
" It is important to note that in order to minimize the number of interventions at ports , in this context , the police will be mounting an awareness campaign in partnership with other parts of government and the courts to encourage discharge of fines and will use the data collected through e-Borders to support enforcement activity at ports and elsewhere . "
NOT EFFECTIVE :
One sneeze and masks are useless
To be effective , masks would need to be changed twice a day and be disposed of correctly .
But this would be too costly and impossible to monitor , according to GP and Daily Express columnist Dr Rosemary Leonard .
Fears that the deadly virus had already reached the UK have triggered a surge in sales of surgical masks , seen being worn in Mexico where more than 140 people may have already died from the virus .
Passengers flying into London from Mexico were seen leaving ­Heathrow still wearing masks they were given while in the country .
Sellers of medical equipment reported a big rise in demand for masks since news broke of the potential for an outbreak in Britain .
Individuals and firms were rushing to get their hands on the masks in case “ the worst comes to the worst ” , industry insiders reported .
But Dr Leonard , who is on the Board of the Health Protection Agency , said there was no provision in the Government ’s flu pandemic plans to dish out masks in the event of a breakout here .
She said : “ Once they are wet , they do n’t work and because of respiration they become damp fairly quickly .
If you wore one for two or three hours , it would be damp and would n’t offer any protection because it becomes more porous and any virus would just seep in .
“ So one sneeze and they are pretty useless .
Apart from the sheer numbers of masks needed to supply ­everyone with a new one every day , getting rid of millions of potentially infectious masks could cause a real public - health hazard .
“ Everyone would need a new one twice a day so we would need a ­phenomenal amount .
There is no scientific basis that they work and it is false reassurance .
“ My feeling is that even though they do n’t work , the public will probably want them but there is no science behind that .
Money could be better spent on anti-viral medication . ”
However , Matt Parker , a spokesman for justgloves .
co.uk which supplies the masks , said there had been a “ substantial increase ” in demand from businesses and individuals , “ primarily of surgical masks but also other sundry items ” .
“ It would appear people are ­preparing themselves in case the worst comes to the worst , ” he said .
It could take six months before ­effective vaccines can be ­produced to combat a flu pandemic , an expert warned .
The first waves of the potentially deadly virus would be over before people could be protected , said Iain Stephenson , Consultant in ­Infectious Diseases at the Leicester Royal Infirmary .
Yet he offered hope of reducing any death toll and suffering by ­immunising people in advance with a so - called ­“ pre‑pandemic vaccine ” .
The problem , he said , was that “ we do n’t know which strain of influenza will cause the pandemic ” .
However , in a study by Mr Stephenson and his team , published in PNAS ( Proceedings of the National ­Academy of Sciences of the USA ) he described how patients previously given an ­older bird flu vaccine needed only one dose of a newer vaccine to be protected within seven days .
Manuscript Paper
Did you ever wish you had a piece of manuscript paper , but could n't find it ?
Now you can always get free music paper .
Just click on the style you want .
After it appears fully in your browser , hit the print button .
Treble Clef
Bass Clef
Tenor Clef
Piano Staff
Plain ( no clef sign )
Prosecutors in the American city of Seattle have made public a video which they say shows a sheriff 's deputy using excessive force against a teenage girl .
The video showed the attack beginning after the 15 - year - old entered a jail cell and kicked off one of her shoes towards the deputy .
The deputy is accused of using excessive force but his lawyers have said the video is misleading .
Emma North reports .
Amazing Miniature City Replica
Moscow Miniature
If you do n’t have the time to visit all of Moscow ’s atractions you can see them all in miniature .
Russians have created a miniature model of their beautiful capital , ever since 1986 .
During an annual workshop , every structure in the model is wiped of dust and workers replace old buildings with the newly built , so the model is always up - to - date .
France Miniature
Elancourt lies just 30 km from the center of Paris and if you ever visit France , it ’s a trip worth taking .
It ’s here , at Elancourt , where you can see a big part of France ’s culture and history … in miniature .
There are over 5 hectares of land covered with typical French landscapes , complete with castles , mansions , ponds , courts , pastures , all built at a scale of 1:30 .
There are over 160 miniature French monuments from all over the country , 60,000 miniature people , over 20,000 small trees , 5 rivers and 2 hectars of water .
A visit in miniature France gives an overview of all important regions of the country , so it spares you a very long , expensive tour .
Mini City of Sweetness
Artist Meschac Gaba imagined a city of sugar , and then built it .
Models of some of the world ’s most instantly recognisable buildings form part of a exhibition called Port City at the Greenland Street gallery in Liverpool , last summer .
He filled it with instantly recognizable landmarks from around the world , such as the Taj Mahal , the Eiffel Tower , the Sydney Opera House , the London Eye , Petronas Towers , the Reichstag , the Empire State Building , and more .
There are 600 buildings in the fantasy city , which measures 30 feet by 20 feet and took two years to build .
last summer .
Biscuit City
Eating the City by Chinese artist Song Dong .
Over three days in February , the artist constructed a city from biscuits and sweets in Selfridges department store in London .
On the last day visitors were invited to eat the city .
Lego Olympics City
During the 2008 Beijing Olympics , the Hong Kong LEGO User Group , has created an amazing reproduction of a city representing the upcoming Olympic games , made entirely out of LEGO’s .
Containing 300,00 LEGO bricks along with 4,500 mini figures , the city features a sports complex , swimming arena , and even residential housing .
Apple sometime this week is expected to tap its developers to begin testing a new pre-release copy of Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard , signaling a clear acceleration of the beta test process .
The Cupertino - based company issued the first external build of next - gen operating system back in June of last year but did not follow up a new distribution for more than four months .
Since then , new builds have arrived every four to six weeks , on average .
Now , people familiar with the matter say Apple is gearing up to provide developers with a second build of Snow Leopard during the month of April , three weeks or so after offering up build 10A314 near the top of the month .
The target build for this week 's release is said to be Mac OS X 10.6 build 10A335 , which of course is always subject to change .
Again , there are rumors that this new build may include some much anticipated visual tweaks to the Mac OS X interface but given that those rumors did not materialize last time , it may be safe to assume that June 's Worldwide Developers Conference may be the more likely forum for these disclosures .
It 's also rumored that the new Snow Leopard will incorporate a pre-release build of Apple Remote Desktop 3.3 .
This maintenance release to the remote administration software reportedly goes by the code - name " Hook " and was commissioned with the primary purpose of delivering compatibility with Snow Leopard , though it will also include a number of bug fixes .
Apple last provided its third - party developers with a new build of Snow Leopard on April 1st , encouraging them to focus their attention on delivering 64 - bit compatibility in their third party kernel extensions .
Hopes for a compromise between the Pakistani government and its critics also faltered when Mr Zardari again refused the pleas of the country 's lawyers that he restore the former chief justice , one of two key demands of his opponents .
A Texas judge has ordered an online news site to unveil identifying details about 178 anonymous commenters on the site .
The order came after a couple , Mark and Rhonda Lesher , sued the numerous anonymous commenters posting to Topix.com for making what they considered to be " perverted , sick , vile , inhumane accusations " about them .
The Leshers were originally thrust into the Texas spotlight in 2008 after being accused of sexually assaulting an unidentified former client of Mark Lesher .
That 's when thousands of comments began piling up on the community news aggregator Topix to discuss the sexual assault charges .
As with most things on the Internet , many Topix users felt free to let loose with nasty comments about the Leshers .
The Leshers were found not guilty of the charges after a criminal trial .
That , however , was n't the end of the 70 - some individual threads posted to Topix about them .
" It just ... basically made us both feel like common criminals , " the Leshers told the Dallas Morning News ( via TechDirt ) .
" It 's like someone had basically raped us of our reputation and our standing in the community over and over and over again . "
That 's when the Leshers chose to sue a number of Topix 's anonymous commenters ( but , interestingly , not Topix itself ) .
The law firm representing the couple , Connor & Demond PLLC in Austin , told Computerworld that the lawsuit was limited specifically to the posters whose statements were considered defamatory under Texas law .
The complaint filed by the Leshers details many of the comments made by the anonymous defendants .
Some are certainly lower blows than others — insinuating that Mark drugs women and that Rhonda is the " Herpies Queen , " and that the couple may have AIDS , among other things — but not all of the comments are as bad .
Some merely accuse the Leshers of being liars , and others even say to wait for confirmation of some of the accusations .
Regardless of what we think of the comments , however , a Tarrant County judge clearly felt that they were libelous enough to order Topix to cough up personal information on the anonymous posters .
The problem is that this order seems to ignore a number of previous rulings protecting the anonymity of Internet commenters , no matter how trollish .
In 2005 , the Delaware Supreme Court ruled that an anonymous blogger could remain anonymous after being sued by a local councilman and his wife .
The blog in question had questioned the councilman 's sexual proclivities , among other things , which the couple considered defamatory .
A lower court granted the request to identify the blogger , but the Daleware Supreme Court overturned the decision .
Then , in January of 2008 , two female law students who were the target of vicious online attacks admitted that they had been unsuccessful in digging up personal information about a handful of anonymous posters , and had so far hit a dead end when it came to getting a court order .
One month later , a California appeals court reversed a previous decision that would have allowed Lisa Krinsky , COO of a Florida - based drug service company , to subpoena 10 anonymous Yahoo message board posters ' real names .
The court said that the commenters were allowed to exercise their First Amendment rights and speak their minds , even though some of the comments were quite scathing and potentially libelous .
Topix , for its part , appears to be doing its best to ensure that it only hands over exactly what is required , and not a bit more .
Topix CEO Chris Tolles told Computerworld that the company takes privacy very seriously , and that the company would not " simply hand over all of our records " without reviewing the subpoena in detail .
" We prefer to make sure requests are clear and specific and not overly broad , " he said .
According to the order , Topix has until March 6 to give up the information .
Further reading :
Some bleak predictions from Morgan Stanley this morning including the forecast that UK profits could fall by 60 % in the current downturn - a worse performance than the great depression of the 1930s .
UK equity strategist Graham Secker said this 60 % decline assumes a £ 20bn loss from the banks .
The performance would have been even worse if not for a £ 10bn boost to profits from foreign exchange movements .
Secker is also now assuming no growth in 2010 , and has also cut his forecast for the year end FTSE 100 level from 4300 to around the current level of around 3500 .
He writes :
" We now forecast UK profits [ will ] fall by 60 % across 2008 and 2009 .
While this sounds a rather draconian and hyperbolic downgrade , we believe it is realistic and incorporates the big losses that have come to light in the banking sector as well as a sharp drop in commodity prices ( oil was $ 100 last September ) .
" Our forecasts assume that the banks sector makes around a £ 20bn loss in 2008 and 2009 and that the insurance sector makes no profit in 2008 .
The profile is much less severe if we strip out the banks – for example , our model suggests profits for the market ex-financials will fall 24 % in 2009 post 15 % growth in 2008 .
" At this point we are also officially introducing a top - down 2010 earnings per share and dividends per share growth forecast of 0 % .
While this could be perceived as " fence - sitting " , we think it accurately reflects both our uncertainties about the future and an underlying bias not to want to invest in assets based on the expectation of any economic or profit growth next year .
" If our expectation of a 60 % peak - to - trough decline in UK profits is correct , this would mark an even worse outcome than that seen in the early 1930s when our data suggests profits fell by around 57 % .
However we do not consider this forecast unreasonable – prior to this downturn , we saw the biggest 5 - year increase in corporate profits in the history of our data and hence it is not unreasonable to also expect the biggest bust .
" As bad as a 60 % fall in profits is , it would have been even worse were it not for a big foreign exchange benefit .
In the last six months US dollar / pound has fallen from 1.8 to 1.45 and , given the prevalence of US dollar reporters in the UK , this has boosted UK market earnings by around £ 10bn .
On a ' constant currency basis ' 2009 earnings would be nearly 10 % lower than we currently forecast and hence our peak - to - trough drop would be approaching 70 % .
The most obvious example of this can be found in the energy sector where profits are set to fall 70 % in US dollar terms on our analysts ' forecast ( oil price averages $ 35 this year ) , yet by just 50 % in sterling terms .
" The sustained weakness in equity markets in recent months suggests that traditional equity valuations are rather irrelevant at the current time .
In the second half of last year , this was partly due to the over - riding dominance of investor de-leveraging , in our view .
In more recent times , however , we suspect that the irrelevance of valuations owes more to a complete lack of investor confidence in the correct level of earnings , dividends and even book value . "
Stealther can temporarily disable access to browsing history , cookies , download history , saved form information , disk cache and recently closed list and can also disable ( temporarily ) sending the ReferrerHeader ( your referring website wo n't be available in the stats ) .
These do not get cleared but only become unavailable wtich the click of a button .
hideBad can be used to quickly close some tabs and delete browsing history , replace current tabs with some other tabs and can restore your original tabs .
BetterPrivacy protects Firefox from undeletable flash cookies or DOM storage objects .
Torbutton is a simple Firefox addon which provides a button to easily enable or disable the use of Tor .
It 's author claims that :
It is currently the only addon that will safely manage your
Tor browsing to prevent IP address leakage , cookie leakage , and general privacy attacks .
It can also be combined with multi-proxy switching addons to provide Tor protection when the Tor proxy is selected and can be used independent of Tor for general privacy management with an auxiliary proxy such as privoxy or polip .
SwitchProxy
Tool lets you switch between different proxy configurations , to protect your privacy .
PhProxy InBasic protects the user differently than most similar addons .
PhProxy InBasic acts as a server between the user and the page he is trying to view , downloading the page on it's server and then presenting it to the user so that only the server 's IP is logged .
Privacy Locker is an experimental Firefox addon so you will need an accout ( you can get one for free , of course ) which can be used to lock your bookmarks , Tools and histoy , clear private data and about : config and their shortcuts and only make them available after entering a password .
Prefswitch allows you to change Firefox preferences with the click of a button .
Can be used for switching between proxies and a lot more settings , from your statusbar .
You can create profiles which enable or disable JavaScript , Greasemonkey , change the user - agent and a lot more options .
Ghostery alerts you which codes a website uses ( tracking codes , web bugs , ads , widgets , etc ) to track your behavior .
It supports ( can track ) 135 services and is weekly updated .
SquiggleSR deceives search engines and does not allow websites to track your searched terms .
Foxy Proxy - I saved the best for my last addon in this list .
It 's author claims that :
It offers more features than SwitchProxy , ProxyButton , QuickProxy , xyzproxy , ProxyTex , TorButton , etc. FoxyProxy is a proxy switcher which replaces Firefox 's limited proxy capabilities .
What 's so great about it ?
Well , it allows you to set proxies based on URLS patterns .
You may also want to read : 10 Great Firefox Addons You May Not Have Heard Of
Jessica Burciaga ( born April 11 , 1983 , in Santa Fe Springs , California , U.S. ) is an American model of Mexican , French and Irish descent .
She was selected to be Pl@yb0y 's February 2009 Playmate of the Month .
Burciaga started breaking into show business after graduating from high school , beginning with extra parts in TV shows and music videos .
While enrolled in junior college and sports broadcasting school in Huntington Beach , she worked at a restaurant in Anaheim .
Her break came with a photoshoot for the now - defunct Stuff in August 2005 .
Since then , she has been featured in Maxim and has been on the cover of Modified Mag , Performance Auto & Sound , Latino Future , and Open Your Eyes .
When China 's prime minister , Wen Jiabao , expressed concern about the ability of the US government to repay its bonds , his comments prompted headlines everywhere .
The newspapers were filled with gloomy warnings that China may no longer be willing to buy up US debt , which supposedly would have dire consequences for us all .
Unfortunately , too little thought was given to what these " dire consequences " might be , and who would end up suffering them .
Suppose that China stops buying US government debt .
That would mean that the dollar would plummet in value against the yuan .
Chinese imports would suddenly become much more expensive for consumers in the United States , making domestically produced items far more competitive .
The opposite would happen in China .
Goods and services made in the United States would suddenly be much cheaper .
As a result , we would expect to export much more to China , and see many more Chinese come to the United States as tourists or for business purposes .
The reduction in imports from China and the increase in exports would substantially improve our balance of trade .
In other words , if Wen was threatening to stop buying dollar - denominated assets and therefore let the yuan rise against the dollar , he was threatening to do exactly what the US government has been demanding that China do .
He will stop " manipulating " China 's currency – meaning he will stop deliberately intervening in the market to keep the yuan 's value from rising .
There is an alternative interpretation of Wen 's threat .
Perhaps he will stop buying long - term government bonds , but continue to buy short - term debt .
This will have some impact on raising long - term interest rates in the United States , but it hardly provides a basis for panic .
The reason that Wen 's threat should not be serious cause for concern is that if we want to keep long - term interest rates low , we already have a mechanism : it 's called the Federal Reserve Board .
Just last week Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke announced that he was going to buy up more than $ 1tn in long - term government or agency ( Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ) bonds over the next several months .
This purchase far exceeds any possible purchases of long bonds by the Chinese .
If Wen pulls out of the market , Bernanke can simply increase his purchases to offset the lost demand .
Does this policy risk inflation ?
Actually , the Chinese purchase of Treasury bills and the Fed 's buying up the long - term bonds would have the same impact on inflation .
It really does n't matter whether the Chinese government or the Fed is buying bonds to hold down the long - term interest rate – the impact on the inflation rate will be the same .
Of course in a period where there are serious concerns about deflation , a modest increase in the inflation rate would be a good thing .
There is one other irony about Wen 's threat that is worth noting .
In 2004 , Alan Greenspan began to raise short - term interest rates .
He expressed surprise that long - term interest rates stayed constant or even fell slightly .
He described this as a " conundrum " .
There was actually nothing mysterious about the situation at all .
As Greenspan was acting to raise short - term interest rates , the Chinese and other foreign central banks were intervening directly in the long - term market , buying up long - term bonds in order to keep long - term interests down .
Did Greenspan fail to recognise the impact of the Chinese intervention in the same way that he managed to miss an $ 8tn housing bubble ?
In short , Wen has nothing with which to threaten the United States .
He is proposing to do something that Congress and the Bush and Obama administrations have all urged him to do : stop propping up the value of the dollar against the yuan .
This will lead to an adjustment process involving some pain on both sides .
In China 's case , the reduction in exports to the United States will require increasing the size of its domestic market , or at least finding alternative destinations for its exports .
In the case of the United States , we will have to pay more for our imports , which will mean some increase in the rate of inflation and , in the short term , a modest decline in our standard of living .
But we always knew that China would not subsidise its exports to the United States forever .
It would have been better for us if they had stopped a decade ago , before we developed a huge trade imbalance and developed a housing bubble - led growth path .
Still , better late than never .
Wen has made a promise , not a threat – and we should encourage him to follow through on it .
naps should always be on your agenda
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
from httplib import HTTPConnection , _CS_IDLE import urlparse def pipeline ( domain , pages , max_out_bound = 4 , debuglevel = 0 ) : pagecount = len ( pages ) conn = HTTPConnection ( domain ) conn .
set_debuglevel ( debuglevel ) respobjs = [ None ] * pagecount finished = [ False ] * pagecount data = [ None ] * pagecount headers = { ' Host ' : domain , ' Content - Length ' : 0 , ' Connection ' : ' Keep - Alive ' } while not all ( finished ) : # Send out_bound = 0 for i , page in enumerate ( pages ) : if out_bound >= max_out_bound : break elif page and not finished [ i ] and respobjs [ i ] is None : if debuglevel >
0 : print ' Sending request for %r ...' % ( page , ) conn .
_HTTPConnection__state = _CS_IDLE # FU private variable !
conn . request ( " GET " , page , None , headers ) respobjs [ i ] = conn .
response_class ( conn . sock , strict = conn .
strict , method = conn .
_method ) out_bound += 1 # Try to read a response for i , resp in enumerate ( respobjs ) : if resp is None : continue if debuglevel >
0 : print ' Retrieving %r ...' % ( pages [ i ] , ) out_bound -= 1 skip_read =
False resp . begin ( ) if debuglevel >
0 : print ' %d %s ' % ( resp .
status , resp .
reason ) if 200 <= resp .
status < 300 : #
Ok data [ i ] = resp . read ( ) cookie = resp .
getheader ( ' Set - Cookie ' ) if cookie is not None : headers [ ' Cookie ' ] = cookie skip_read =
True finished [ i ] =
True respobjs [ i ] =
None elif 300 <= resp .
status < 400 : # Redirect loc = resp .
getheader ( ' Location ' ) respobjs [ i ] =
None parsed = loc and urlparse .
urlparse ( loc ) if not parsed : #
Missing or empty location header data [ i ] = ( resp .
status , resp .
reason ) finished [ i ] =
True elif parsed .
netloc != '' and parsed .
netloc != host : #
Redirect to another host data [ i ] = ( resp .
status , resp .
reason , loc ) finished [ i ] =
True else : path = urlparse .
urlunparse ( parsed .
_replace ( scheme = '' , netloc = '' , fragment = '' ) ) if debuglevel >
0 : print ' Updated %r to %r ' % ( pages [ i ] , path ) pages [ i ] = path elif resp .
status >=
400 : # Failed data [ i ] = ( resp .
status , resp .
reason ) finished [ i ] =
True respobjs [ i ] =
None if resp .
will_close : # Connection ( will be ) closed , need to resend conn .
close ( ) if debuglevel >
0 : print ' Connection closed ' for j , f in enumerate ( finished ) : if not f and respobj [ j ] is not None : if debuglevel >
0 : print ' Discarding out - bound request for %r ' % ( pages [ j ] , ) respobj [ j ] =
None break elif not skip_read : resp . read ( ) # read any data if any ( not f and respobjs [ j ] is None for j , f in enumerate ( finished ) ) : # Send another pending request break else : break #
All respobjs are None ? return data if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : domain = ' en.wikipedia.org ' pages = ( '/ wiki/HTTP_pipelining ' , '/ wiki/HTTP ' , '/ wiki/HTTP_persistent_connection ' ) data = pipeline ( domain , pages , max_out_bound = 2 , debuglevel = 1 ) for i , page in enumerate ( data ) : print print ' ==== Page %r ==== ' % ( pages [ i ] , ) print page [ : 512 ]
By Aniela M / April 27 , 2009
Here are the top 10 ways to get beautiful hair !
Your hair is one of the first things people see and so it 's very important to make a good first impression .
Most of us tend to have bad hair days here and there , but there are tons of ways to fix that and what 's even more , you can fix almost any hair problem in the comfort of your own home .
So here are your top 10 ways to avoid bad hair and get beautiful , shiny hair .
Top 10 Ways to Get Beautiful Hair
1. A Little Baking Soda Goes a Long Way
Baking soda has been proven again and again to do magic tricks .
This time , use it with your shampoo .
Sprinkle a quarter - sized amount of baking soda into your palm and mix it with your shampoo .
Lather and rinse .
The baking soda helps to remove builtup residue from styling products and will also make your hair super soft and shiny .
2. Scratch the Surface
We do n't always have time in the am to go for a full wash , blowdry and style .
One trick you can do is just wash your bangs and put the rest of your hair in a messy bun or a ponytail .
This way , your bangs will look nice and clean at least and the rest is history .
3 . Throw in a Bun and a Headband
For those blah hair days where your hair just can't seem to want to stay put , throw it all in a bun and add a chic skinny headband .
Your hair will look stylish even though it 's a big mess .
4. Volumize
This is a really quick and simply volumizing trick .
Turn your head upside down and spray a volumizing hairspray onto the roots of your hair .
Add more volume by slowly crunching your mane and flip it back over .
It 'll give you tons of volume , just make sure you tame the surface .
5. Goodbye Greasy Roots
This is a simple trick you can use anywhere , and it 's almost always guaranteed to work .
Just sprinkle some baby powder into your palms and work it through your roots .
The powder will absorb the oil , leaving your hair super soft and silky .
6. Revamp Your Hair
You know your hair never looks as good as it did the first day you washed it .
So here 's something that might help you get your hair back to its day of glory .
Let 's say you washed your hair yesterday , but it 's not looking so glamorous today .
When you take a shower ( today ) , put on a shower cap .
The heat from the shower will make your hair softer and more manageable .
7. Bumpits
Bumpits are little inserts you put in your hair to add volume and depth to flat , limp hair .
Just put them in and see your hair transform !
8. Ballerina Bun
For those messy hair days , put your hair up in a pretty ballerina bun , let those fringes go and add a pair of dangling earrings and some lip gloss .
This will draw the attention away from your hair and onto your face .
9. Shine Treatment
A shine treatment will work for even the dryest hair out there .
Just coat hair with a shine treatment , cover in plastic , leave it on for a half hour and rinse out .
10 . Make a Huge Difference
Make a huge difference in your hairstyle simply by moving your part .
So if your hair is parted at the middle , try a side part : you wo n't believe the difference until you try it !
If you like this post , do n't forget to share 🙂
As businesses recalibrate their environmental impact , breweries , of all places , seem to be struggling to outdo one another with efforts to turn amber ales green .
In Wisconsin , La Crosse City Brewery is recycling its waste to generate three million kilowatt - hours of electricity a year for a local hospital .
Keystone Brewery wo n’t distribute farther than 35 miles from Wiltshire , England , where it only uses British hops .
And Coors has been busy touting the 50th anniversary of the aluminum can , a more readily recyclable packaging material the company introduced in 1959 .
One of the more aggressively green beer makers — at least by reputation — has been New Belgium Brewery , an independent craft brewer in Fort Collins , Colo. , which teamed up with the Climate Conservancy last summer to publish a life - cycle assessment of one six - pack of its Fat Tire brand beer ( PDF ) .
The company , in fact , has been chipping way at its carbon footprint since 1999 , when it began taking advantage of wind power through the local utility — a move it underscored heavily in its promotional materials .
But in so doing , the brewery became the object of a harsh truth - telling campaign and repeated complaints of greenwash — an unpleasant experience , no doubt , but one that the company has now embraced as it continues its sustainability efforts .
In 2005 , an ex-employee and self - appointed gadfly began calling - out New Belgium for labeling its product “ 100 percent wind - powered . ”
From The Denver Post :
This claim has apparently boosted sales among beer guzzlers who are deeply concerned about global warming .
It ’s also forced competitors to examine their own practices .
But it is n’t entirely true .
In addition to electricity , New Belgium burns natural gas — which is not produced in a wind turbine .
The trucks that distribute its beer do not run on wind .
The glass bottles — from an outside supplier — require more energy to make than the beer itself , much of it coming from fossil fuels .
And most of these bottles likely end up in landfills anyway .
Additionally , New Belgium does n’t run a wind farm .
It buys renewable - energy credits , paying a premium for the right to claim that the electrons it uses come from a wind turbine instead of a power plant , even if it is not technically so .
New Belgium initially dismissed the claims as those of a wild - eyed — and angry — ex-employee , obtaining restraining orders against the fellow and calling his complaints a matter of semantics , according to The Post .
In 2007 , however , the company agreed to modify its claims of being “ 100 percent wind - powered ” — and the experience might have proved reason enough for the brewery to circle its wagons .
Instead , New Belgium embraced the rebuke and used it as a catalyst for increased transparency in its first - ever sustainability report , which it published last month .
( A PDF of the report is available here . )
Wrote the company ’s sustainability director , Jenn Orgolini , in the publication ’s preface :
Omission can be a reflex when your instinct is to protect the company you love from unwarranted harsh judgments .
But , we learned to flex our openness and humility more readily in 2007 when an aggrieved ex-employee rightly accused us of incorrectly using the phrase “ 100 % wind - powered ” when natural gas provides over half the energy we need to make beer .
We never meant to mislead . …
Please tell us if you think we ’ve left anything out of this report .
Looking forward from that incident , the company has laid out a number of sustainability ambitions .
Among other things , New Belgium noted that packaging and transporting of raw materials , including barley , which is imported from faraway Wisconsin , account for nearly half of its overall footprint .
As a result , Ms. Orgolini said the company was investing in research to harvest local barley , and that it was opening a new packaging facility designed to reduce carbon emissions .
The company also reported that it had partnered with the city of Fort Collins , Colorado State University and “ other energy - focused companies ” in applying for a grant from the Department of Energy to fund a project aimed at reducing peak - load electricity demand .
Last Spring , the D.O.E. granted the city and its partners $ 6.3 million in funding toward that end , and New Belgium said it now plans to install $ 4 million in energy - saving technologies — “ funded 50 percent in house , 25 percent by the D.O.E. and 25 percent by in - kind donations , ” according to the sustainability report .
Is is “ our biggest single project , ” Ms. Orgolini said .
Still , some environmentalists remain unconvinced .
New Belgium now distributes its beer in 18 states — a point not lost on Will Walters of the Rocky Mountain chapter of the Sierra Club , who would prefer to see companies working more locally .
“ I have seen Fat Tire in far flung places in other states where it should n’t be , ” Mr. Walters said .
Said Ms. Orgolini :
The brewery ’s sustainability efforts are “ a work in progress . ”
( Clarifies wording to make clear that Trawniki labour camp was located in Nazi- occupied Poland )
VIENNA , March 20 ( Reuters ) - A former Nazi concentration camp guard who was deported from the United States on Thursday is now a free man because he cannot be prosecuted in Austria , the Austrian justice ministry said on Friday .
Josias Kumpf , 83 , who has admitted to participating in a 1943 massacre of 8,000 Jews in the Trawniki labour camp in Nazi- occupied Poland , arrived in Austria on Thursday after the United States deported him following the revocation of his citizenship .
[ ID :nN19523234 ]
Austrian justice ministry spokeswoman Katharina Swoboda said Vienna had warned U.S. authorities in the past that Austria would be unable to prosecute Kumpf because the statute of limitations relating to his crimes had expired .
" We have always pointed out to the United States that he cannot be charged here with the crimes of which he is accused , " Swoboda said .
The main reason was that Kumpf was younger than 20 at the time of the crimes .
The fact Kumpf had never been an Austrian citizen , and that the crimes which he is accused of were not committed in Austria , also made prosecution in Austria impossible , she said .
Kumpf was born in the part of Yugoslavia that is now Serbia , as a member of the ethnic German minority there .
After joining the SS as a guard in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp in Germany , he moved on to Trawniki in German - occupied Poland .
The U.S. Department of Justice said on Thursday that Kumpf helped guard around 8,000 Jewish prisoners -- including some 400 children -- who were shot and killed in pits at Trawniki in a special operation in November 1943 .
The department cited Kumpf as saying his assignment was to watch for victims who were still " halfway alive " or " convulsing " and " shoot them to kill " if they attempted to escape .
Kumpf was deported to Austria because it was the country from which he came when he entered the United States in 1956 , she said .
Swoboda said with his U.S. citizenship revoked , Kumpf was now stateless and had no residence permit in Austria , which technically made him an illegal alien .
But since he could not be extradited to another country , he would be able to stay on .
He would have to register his address .
( Reporting by Boris Groendahl ; Editing by Katie Nguyen )
Advertisements
Got a green thumb and a hankering to get into the furniture - making biz ?
Take the hassle out of finding green furniture for your home by growing your own .
Building furniture from the ground up
Imagine living green bus benches and playgrounds filling our cities .
It ’s a bit idyllic , but within the realm of possibility with Plantware ’s innovative designs .
Ultra practical yet totally biodegradable , Plantware ’s award - winning designs could be the way of the future .
The living KinderFroest in particular has tremendous benefits : grown from Ficus trees , it ’s self - healing , requires only sunlight and rain to produce , is earthquake safe , and produces a ton of oxygen over its long life .
What better place for your children to spend their time ?
Melding whimsical imagination with growing green furniture design , artists Peter and Becky work with wild plum and black cheery trees to shape them into both living and harvested furniture .
The process can take up to 10 years , and you can even join Becky and Peter to collaborate in the making of your own pieces !
In another take on the tree - to - chair concept , a 60 year old Mr. Wu has successfully grown his own chair .
While perhaps not the most attractive chairs we ’ve seen , these sitters are certainly sustainable .
Formed by bending pliable , still - growing elm trees into his desired shape , Mr. Wu prunes and fusses over his chairs ( six currently in production ) for up to five years each , after which they are “ harvested . ”
This chair “ designer ” lives in Shenyang City , Liaoning province , China where he extols the virtues of growing furniture .
Made from natural wood and infused with growing mushrooms ’ spawn , these are a true demonstration of biodegradable furniture .
Designed by Shinwei Rhoda
Yen , this stool will slowly break down as the wood is consumed by the mushrooms .
Nestle your toes in real , live moss after your next shower with one of these growing bath mats .
Designed by Nguyen La Chanh , they ’re made from plastazote ( an imputrescible foam ) stuffed with ball moss , island moss , and forest moss .
You provide irrigation as you drip on it coming out of the shower .
Perhaps a little less comfy that the preceding options , the Venus Chair is grown not from living green plants , but rather out of natural crystals in a water bath .
It ’s up for the Brit Insurance Designs of the Year 2009 .
Grassy ass outdoor furniture
The Lawnchair by Fung + Blatt Architects take earthy to a whole new level .
Made from renewable steel and rubber , and “ upholstered ” with a layer of sod , this lounger allows you the feeling of a lazy afternoon in the grass without the discomfort of a less ergonomic random patch of ground .
And in case you were worried about keeping it green , it comes equipped with a moisture distribution system .
Like something out of a Seuss book , these couches , chairs , and benches help you create a truly green space , even in a concrete jungle .
Peddy furniture by Mindscape can be grown by just about anyone and requires only the occasional clipping to keep them neat and trim .
Adding a green touch to old pieces
The wacky embellishment of these furniture pieces by Bob Gromofsky Designs gives a whole new meaning to bringing the outdoors in .
We especially enjoy the grassy treatment given to the lamp , although are n’t quite sure what that ’ll do to the diffusing quality of the shade .
Your personal care routine has never been this green !
The garden powder room displayed at a past New England Flower Show demonstrated how to turn the common vanity desk and chair into a growing work of art .
And from the realm of the historical memorablia ( we could n’t resist ! ) comes the CH - CH - CH - CHIEF Special Edition Chia Obama for the mantle of every American home .
Emblazened with Obama ’s “ Yes We Can ! ” your growing “ happy ” or “ determined ” Obama head will add to your green decorating scheme
.
Language matters .
When you call a gigantic pork sandwich a “ stimulus ” , it becomes a very difficult thing to oppose .
When your version of “ campaign finance reform ” is a big slap in the face of free speech and only increases the ability for moneyed interests to protect their incumbent investments , it is still seen by the majority of Americans as a positive “ reform ” .
Marriage is a religious concept .
Contract is a state concept .
To give the name “ marriage ” to what you get from a church and simultaneously define it as a civil contract , you open the door to very bitter disputes .
Few but the extreme bigots in society would suggest that gays not be allowed to enter into civil contracts .
But as we saw here in California last year , a majority said they should n’t get married .
I ’ve said that we should do away with civil “ marriage ” entirely , and use a different term to reduce double meaning .
Two students from SoCal agree , and they ’ve decided to do something about it :
Ali Shams , a senior at the University of California - San Diego , was watching a soccer game with a bunch of buddies when his phone started ringing Tuesday , and refused to stop .
Surprising even the 22 - year - old pre-law student , his personal project during Christmas break – framing a constitutional amendment initiative to replace the word “ marriage ” with “ domestic partnership ” under state law – was cleared by Secretary of State Debra Bowen to gather petition signatures for a potential statewide ballot .
Fox News , NBC , The Associated Press and many of the state ’s largest newspapers were on the phone wanting to discuss the unusual initiative launched by Shams and his friend Kaelan Housewright , a 21 - year - old senior at the California Institute of the Arts .
More to the point was Queerty.com , a gay issues blog which marveled : “ Straight Dudes File California Gay Marriage Ballot Initiative . ”
The measure would overturn Proposition 8 ’s ban on same - sex marriage , and have California treat all unions – opposite - sex or same - sex – as domestic partnerships .
It would also allow churches , synagogues and mosques to decide whom they want to marry in a social , rather than civil , ceremony .
The domestic partnership initiative might be an extreme long shot to pass – or even make it to the ballot .
In what may be a first , the warring sides in the Proposition 8 campaign agree on something – they both hate the idea .
That ’s always good .
When two bitter rivals are presented with a way to stop fighting , they often hate the idea .
Perhaps they ’ll come around .
It ’s difficult to accept the idea that this dispute is largely over a single word rather than a much more important concept , but language matters .
What does this accomplish to truly end this dispute ?
“ We ’re not banning marriage .
We ’re protecting fundamental rights for minorities and protecting the religious definition of marriage for ” religious groups , Shams said .
As I ’ve said before , those who are truly concerned about the sanctity of marriage should keep it in church , where it belongs .
Let the legal system do what it is designed to do , arbitrate and enforce contracts .
Once separated , the issue becomes much easier to argue — and you can see the motives of those for and those against much more clearly .
This , of course , does n’t mean I think this will pass — but I hope it gets discussed enough to open a few minds .
Hat Tip : Co-contributor Doug @ Below The Beltway
There are any number of unusual pop music artifacts - pieces of Beatle sheets , Britney Spears ’ gum - but not even Gene Simmons has considered selling a used casket .
So keep an eye on eBay : the Big Bopper ’s family is planning to auction the late rock ‘ n ’ roller ’s casket in the next few weeks .
According to the Beaumont ( Texas ) Enterprise , J.P. “ The Big Bopper ” Richardson 's casket , made of 16 - gauge steel , was exhumed last year so the singer 's remains could be moved to a more visible location with a statue and historic marker .
The Big Bopper , once a Texas DJ , was killed in the plane crash that also took the lives of Buddy Holly and Ritchie Valens near Clear Lake , Iowa , on February 3 , 1959 , a day since called " the day the music died . "
He was 28 , and had just had his first major hit , “ Chantilly Lace . ”
He was also the songwriter of George Jones ’ “ White Lightning ” and Johnny Preston ’s “ Running Bear . ”
After the casket was removed , the “ Chantilly Lace ” singer ’s remains were exhumed - an autopsy showed that he did , indeed , die of crash - related injuries - and placed in a new casket .
The old one , according to the Enterprise , has been in public display at the Texas Musicians Museum in Hillsboro , Texas , since last year .
It ’s apparently in good condition , with just some minor rust spots and a white lime stain where water rose against , but did not enter , the casket .
( Indeed , Richardson ’s body was said to have stayed in excellent condition . )
Jay Richardson , the singer ’s son ( born three months after his father ’s death ) , told the paper he had “ no personal use ” for the casket .
“ When you get down to it , it is just a metal box , ” he said .
But it could be worth some money , says Texas Musicians Museum founder Tom Kreason .
“ Certainly there ’ll be some distaste , but I think this is a piece of history that is very special , ” he told the Enterprise .
And if it does n’t sell ?
“ We ’ve made a point about the historical value of J.P. Richardson . ”
- From news services
" Pangea Ultima " will form 250 million years in the Future
The next Pangea , " Pangea Ultima " will form as a result of the subduction of the ocean floor of the North and South Atlantic beneath eastern North America and South America .
This supercontinent will have a small ocean basin trapped at its center .
back to Earth History
The Open Invention Network ( OIN ) , a consortium of companies that have banded together to defend the Linux platform from patent litigation , announced on Tuesday that it has launched an effort to find prior art for Microsoft 's FAT patents .
The OIN 's new FAT - busting project is a response to a lawsuit that Microsoft settled earlier this year with navigation device maker TomTom .
The lawsuit claimed that TomTom 's Linux - based products infringe on a number of Microsoft 's patents , including several that describe technical attributes of Microsoft 's FAT filesystem .
TomTom initially fought back by filing a countersuit of its own and by joining the OIN , but eventually agreed to pay a licensing fee and remove the features from its implementation .
Microsoft claims that its lawsuit against TomTom is an isolated incident and that it does n't have any plans to use the FAT patents to launch a broader assault on Linux .
This claim provides little comfort to the Linux community , however , in light of Microsoft 's past threats and antagonism over patent issues .
Many in the Linux community believe that the FAT patents are not valid and that they will not withstand further scrutiny .
The patents were upheld , however , during a 2006 review by the patent office .
The OIN aims to revisit the question of the FAT patents ' validity , but this time they want to be armed with a stronger salvo of prior art claims .
To that end , the OIN is calling on the public to participate in its Linux Defenders program by reviewing the patents and submitting prior art through the Peer - to - Patent Post Issue website .
" The patent vetting activity offered by the Linux Defenders portal offers a unique opportunity to bring to bear the collective knowledge , passion and ingenuity of the Linux community to better explore the validity of the patents that were the subject of the recent action against TomTom , " said OIN CEO Keith Bergelt in a statement .
" I encourage active participation from the entire Linux community so that other companies seeking to advance Linux strategies can be better informed about the quality of these patents . "
Linux distributor Red Hat 's legal team expressed enthusiasm for the OIN 's prior art search in a statement of its own .
Red
Hat hopes that increased scrutiny of the patents will lead to their invalidation and put pressure on Microsoft to provide stronger guarantees that the patents will not be used to target Linux .
" Red Hat is pleased to endorse the growing movement within the free and open source community of gathering prior art to undermine invalid software patents , " the company said in a statement .
" We 're particularly pleased that Open Invention Network 's Linux Defenders has now invited scrutiny of the three patents that Microsoft used in the TomTom case to attack open source , as numerous public reports suggest weaknesses in these patents . "
Alongside efforts to invalidate the patents , some Linux supporters are also using this as an opportunity to encourage the technology industry to abandon Microsoft 's filesystem .
Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin says that FAT is easy to replace and that the Linux Foundation is available to coordinate a technical effort to assist with the removal of FAT from products .
The OIN 's prior art search could help bring clarity to the question of FAT 's validity , but it 's not entirely clear yet whether the effort will be able to successfully undermine the patents .
Those who wish to participate in the effort can do so by submitting prior art on any of the three FAT patents .
There 's really no reason that Ugly Sweaters should be a thing other than the fact that people are extremely ironic .
We started this business in 2009 right around the time when Kesha released Tik Tok .
Our original site had both Ugly Sweaters for Men and Ugly Sweaters for Women but was missing on key ingredient ... Real life models .
Sweaters models were added in the following year , when we really started to strike gold .
Slowly we began introducing new elements like Ugly Christmas Sweater Part y reports and the sale of Ugly Holiday T - Shirts .
Today we have a few hundred items in our live inventory and are just getting started !
We 've been tracking MIT professor Angela Belcher 's attempt to build batteries and nano - electronics from viruses since 2006 .
Scientifically speaking , the so - called " virus " is actually a bacteriophage , a virus that preys only on bacteria while leaving humans of diminishing scientific knowledge alone to doubt that claim .
Now , in a new report co-authored by Belcher , MIT research documents the construction of a lithium - ion battery ( pictured after the break ) with the help of a biological virus dubbed M13 .
M13 acts as a " biological scaffold " that allows carbon nanotubes and bits of iron phosphate to attach and form a network for conducting electricity .
Specifically , MIT used the genetically engineered material to create the battery 's negatively charged anode and positively charged cathode .
Best of all , MIT 's technique can be performed at , or below room temperature which is important from a manufacturing perspective -- a process that MIT claims will be " cheap and environmentally benign . "
Already MIT has constructed a virus - battery about the size of that found in a watch to turn on small lights in an MIT lab .
Belcher claims that just a third of an ounce ( about 10 grams ) of the viral battery material could power an iPod for 40 hours .
In time and with enough effort MIT expects to scale the technology to power electronic vehicles .
Remember , when the time comes choose the red pill .
[ Via Scientific American , Thanks James ]
The cost of a colour television licence will rise by £ 3 to £ 142.50 from April 1
Black and white only licences will also go up by £ 1 from £ 47 to £ 48 , it was confirmed .
The increase is being brought into effect by an order laid in the House of Commons .
It follows the six - year BBC funding settlement which began in April 2007 .
The licence fee increase is set at 3 % for the first two years of the settlement and 2 % in years three , four and five .
This year is year three .
The six - year settlement is helping the BBC cope with a period of rapid change .
It will help support the digital switchover in 2012 , including funding and delivery of a help scheme to vulnerable people .
The corporation is also in the process of moving significant production to the north west of England , which should bring an estimated £ 1.5 billion and 15,500 jobs to the area .
The dichotomy is easily explained .
The housing market is so illiquid right now that a relatively small number of transactions can easily distort the monthly figures one way or the other .
So which way is the underlying market heading : up or down ?
The betting has to be that it is still the latter .
Using the Halifax index , UK house prices have fallen a little more than 20 per cent in nominal terms since their 2007 peak .
This is not so far off the peak - to - trough fall of the early 1990s , so on past precedent the market should be bottoming out soon .
Unfortunately , US experience points to more substantial falls to come .
The housing correction started much earlier in the US than here , but still , and despite zero interest rates , there is no sign of the crash coming to an end .
The cost of a mortgage is much lower than it was back in the early 1990s , but the size of mortgage debt relative to equity is much higher .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What 's more , in a deflationary environment the size of that debt will begin to inflate relative to earnings .
One of the reasons interest rates are so low is that assets such as houses are depreciating in value .
If house prices are rising , you are forced to pay a price for your gains .
When they are falling , banks are grateful just for the repayment of principal .
What you gain on the cost of your mortgage you more than lose on the size of your debt , which is inflating relative to your equity and income .
For years , the dynamic has worked like this .
Say you spent £ 100,000 on a house using £ 50,000 of mortgage finance and £ 50,000 of equity .
By the time you came to sell the house , the price might have doubled to £ 200,000 .
If you kept the same proportion of debt to equity , you would then have £ 300,000 to spend on your next house .
That process has now gone into reverse .
If house prices fall by 25 per cent in value rather than double , your equity would be worth just £ 25,000 but you would still have the same quantity of debt .
Assuming you kept the same debt - to - equity ratio for your next purchase , the maximum you would pay would therefore be £ 50,000 .
OK , so in practice , the housing market is quite unlikely to conform to such an artificial model , but what is true is that once a deflationary debt spiral takes hold , it 's very hard to get rid of .
The process of asset depreciation becomes self - feeding and the debt burden assumes ever more monstrous proportions .
Policy is , of course , wholly fixated on trying to avoid just such an outcome , but it has n't succeeded in reversing the trend yet , and if it works at all , it may take a while .
In the meantime , unemployment is rising fast , prompting growing numbers of repossessions and forced sales .
That 's hardly a conducive backdrop to a revival in the housing market .
WASHINGTON --
The Treasury has tried to revamp its $ 700 billion financial - rescue program , promising " a new era of accountability , transparency and conditions . "
But the Treasury is n't answering a key question :
How much is left in the rescue fund ?
Based on Dow Jones Newswires ' reporting and calculations , it appears that Treasury has , at most , $ 52.6 billion left in its rescue fund .
That would mean about 92 % is already committed .
That assumes the Treasury spends $ 100 billion in TARP funds to rid bank balance sheets of toxic assets .
The Treasury has yet to provide an official accounting .
On Wednesday , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner twice was asked to specify how much remains in the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
The question arose amid the series of new programs the Obama administration has announced in the past several weeks to boost ailing financial markets .
In both instances , the secretary avoided a direct answer .
The first time came after Mr. Geithner delivered remarks to the Council on Foreign Relations Wednesday morning .
The moderator asked the basic question : How much is left in TARP ?
Mr. Geithner 's reply : " Very , very reasonable amounts of money -- significant enough money . "
Akinwale Arobieke was convicted of 16 counts of harassment in 2003 A 47 - year - old man broke a ban on him approaching young men and touching their muscles , a court has heard .
Akinwale Arobieke , of Toxteth , Liverpool - known as " Purple Aki " - was jailed in 2003 for harassment .
Liverpool Crown Court heard Mr Arobieke asked a 17 - year - old to show him his biceps - after a Sexual Offences Prevention Order ( Sopo ) was imposed .
Mr Arobieke denies approaching the boy and breaching the Sopo in June last year , two months after it was made .
The court heard Mr Arobieke had a " predilection " for approaching young men and touching or feeling their muscles .
His reputation had spread across north - west England and was considered by many to be an urban myth , the jury heard .
' Very frightened '
The prosecution said the Sopo was imposed in April last year and banned him from approaching males under the age of 18 , touching their muscles and asking them to squat .
Trevor Parry Jones , prosecuting , said two months later Mr Arobieke approached a 17 - year - old in the street in Birkenhead and asked to see his biceps .
When the teenager realised it was " Purple Aki " , he ran away " very frightened and very shaken " , Mr Parry Jones said .
Speaking from behind a curtain , the teenager said : " As I turned a corner I heard a sound behind me so I turned around and he was there .
" He said he had noticed me around the area and asked me had I been working out .
" He asked me how much I could bench ( press ) . " Allegation ' false '
The boy told the court that Mr Arobieke then pointed to his arms and asked to see the youngster 's biceps .
The boy said : " As soon as I heard that I realised who it was .
I backed away and told him I had to go .
" I felt sick and walked away as fast as I could .
I went to a friend 's house and looked back but he had gone . "
The following month the youngster picked out Mr Arobieke in a video identity parade organised by police .
Mark Barlow , defending , told the jury that Mr Arobieke had once been convicted of the manslaughter of Gary Kelly , a distant relative of the victim , but the conviction was later quashed by the Court of Appeal .
Cross - examining the teenager , Mr Barlow said : " Your allegation is a false one , borne out of connection between Gary Kelly and your family and an opportunity to get back at Mr Arobieke . "
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over the past several years , I 've been actively using jQuery for a variety of things .
Early on , I shared the frustration that people had around using jQuery for more substantial projects .
Starting with version 1.2 and continuing with version 1.3 , however , jQuery provides a powerful evented model that can be used to build up fairly complex applications using evented , as opposed to traditional objected oriented programming .
The basic idea is that by leveraging asynchronous events , it is easier to model the fundamentally asynchronous nature of client - side web applications .
Also , by writing components of your application to simply emit and handle events , it becomes a lot easier to extend or modify behavior down the road .
To illustrate this point , I 'm going to show how you can build a tab widget using evented techniques , and show how it can be extended in several useful ways .
First , a few general principles
We 're going to use basic jQuery plugins to write the widget , but instead of putting all of the startup code directly inside the plugin constructor , we 're going to pass in an Object containing functions to be executed .
In order to simplify matters , we 'll create a default set of functions to be executed containing the default behavior , but it will be possible to clone , extend , delete , or otherwise modify that set of functions and pass in an alternative .
The core of the tabs plugin will not handle any DOM manipulation .
It will simply generate events that can be bound to the main tab node that will perform the manipulation .
This increases the flexibility of the widget .
We 're also going to treat the main tabs node as a stateful container , holding information about the widget that we can retrieve later .
We will achieve this using $ ( ) .data ( ) , an API added to jQuery in jQuery 1.2 and enhanced several times since then .
Finally , we 're going to use the executing anonymous closure trick ( ( function ( ) { ... } ) ( ) ) to create a scratch - pad for helper functions that are used in various parts of the codebase .
I use this trick frequently to create simple namespaces for internal methods .
To start ( a quick detour )
$ ( " #foo " ) . data ( " foo " )
( " #foo " ) . data ( " foo " , " bar " )
$ $ ( " #foo " ) .
foo
$ $ ( " #foo " ) .
foo = bar
$ $ ( " #foo " ) . bar = $ $ ( " # foo " ) .
bar + 1
Step 1
An event each time a tab is activated .
Parameter : the tab that was clicked
An event at startup time for each panel that is bound to a tab .
Parameter : the panel
An event once startup is complete .
No parameters .
// Initialize this.each( function ( ) { var tabList = $ ( this ) ; $ $( tabList ) .
panels = $ ( ) ; $ ( " li a " , tabList ) .click ( function ( ) { tabList.trigger ( " activated " , this ) ; return false ; }).each ( function ( ) { var panel = $ ( $ ( this ) . attr ( " href " ) ) ; $ $( tabList ) .
panels = $ $( tabList ) .panels.add ( panel ) ; tabList.trigger (" setupPanel " , [ panel ] ) ; } ) ; tabList.trigger ( " initialize " ) ; } ) ; return this ;
Let 's start with a quick bit of sugar that I added to simplify setting and getting state out of a node .
As I said above , jQuery already supplies the facilities for this using it 's internal data cache .
```javascript var $ $ = function ( param ) { var node = $ ( param ) [ 0 ] ; var id = $ .data ( node ) ; $.cache[id ] = $.cache[id ] || {} ; $.cache[id ] .
node = node ; return $.cache[id ] ; } ; ``` Now , instead of doingand , you can doand .
The main motivation for this is that you can also doThe first step is to determine which events we 're going to need .
After brainstorming a bit , we can come to :
The initial code looks like : ```javascript $. fn.tabs = function ( options ) { options = options || {} ;
} ;
First , we get a reference to the tab list , since we will be creating callbacks later that will need access to it .
Next , store a list of panels in the tab list using $ $ ( < code > $ $ ( tabList ) .
panels = $ ( ) ;</ code > ) .
We start by storing an empty jQuery object as " panels " in the tab widget .
Next , we bind a click handler to each < code > " li a " </ code > inside the tab list ul .
When it 's clicked , we simply trigger the activate event .
We 'll implement the default behavior in a bit .
Finally , for each tab , we collect its associated panel and trigger the setupPanel event .
The default behavior for setupPanel will simply be to hide it .
We 'll implement that behavior in a bit as well .
Once we 're done , we trigger the panel 's initialize event .
< h3 > Step 2</h3 >
The next step is to declare the default functionality .
Before we do that , let 's create a small jQuery helper that applies a set of functions to an object .
You 'll see how it 's used in a moment .
```javascript jQuery.fn.setupPlugin = function ( setup , options ) { for ( extra in setup ) { var self = this ; if ( setup [ extra ] instanceof Array ) { for ( var i=0 ; i< setup [ extra ] .length ; i++) setup [ extra ] [ i].call ( self , options ) ; } else { setup [ extra ] .call ( self , options ) ; } } } ;
This method is called on a jQuery object .
It takes an object containing a set of setup methods , and the options that were passed into the plugin .
For each key in the setup object , this method takes each function attached to it ( the value for the key can either be a function or an Array of functions ) , and calls it with the jQuery object as " this " and the options as the first parameter .
What we 're going to do is call that method with a default set of methods ( which we 'll call $.fn.tabs.
base
this.setupPlugin(options.setup || $.fn.tabs.base , options ) ;
Next , under the implemention ( or in a separate file ) , define the defaults .
var getPanel = function ( selected ) { return $ ( $ ( selected ) . attr ( " href " ) ) ; } ; $.fn.tabs.base = { setupPanel : [ function ( options ) { this .
bind ( " setupPanel " , function( e , selector ) { $ ( selector ) .hide ( ) ; } ) ; } ] , initialize : [ function ( options ) { this .bind ( " initialize " , function ( ) { var firstTab = $ ( this ) . find ( " li a : first " ) [ 0 ] ; $ ( this ) . trigger ( " activated " , firstTab ) ; } ) ; } ] , activate : [ function ( options ) { this .
bind ( " activated " , function( e , selected ) { var panel = getPanel ( selected ) ; $ $( this ) .panels.hide ( ) ; $ ( panel ) . show ( ) ; $ ( this ) . find ( " li a " ) .removeClass ( " active " ) ; $ ( selected ) .addClass ( " active " ) .blur ( ) ; } ) ; } ] } ;
First , we define a small helper method that gets the associated panel for a tab .
We could also have used the new $ $ technique above to add it directly to the node .
Next , we define a few categories of methods to be run .
Each of this methods will be triggered when we call setupPlugin , and takes the options hash as a parameter ( optional ) .
We will make each of the categories an Array , so they can be extended easily by prepending a setup method .
The setupPanel method binds the setupPanel event .
If you recall , setupPanel takes the panel as its second parameter .
As with all events , the first parameter is the event object , which we will not use now .
When setupPanel is triggered , we will simply hide the panel .
Note that we have decoupled the display details of the tab list from the events .
The next thing we do is handle initialization .
In the simplest case , we 'll just always activate the first tab .
To activate the tab , we 'll just trigger another event : " activated " .
Finally , we 'll define the default behavior for activation .
When a tab is activated , we will :
Get the associated panel
Get all of the panels in the tab widget and hide them
Show the associated panel
Remove the " active " class from all tabs
Add the active class to this tab , and blur it
Step 3 : Add support for Ajax
If you run this code , ( available at my github " ) , you will have a basic tab widget set up and working !
Now that we have the basic functionality completed , let 's add support for Ajax .
The API we 'll use it to support an option passed into the main widget like {xhr : { " #nameOfTab " : " url_to_load " }} .
The first thing that we 'll do is make a clone of the default setup object so we can modify it .
var wycats = $ . extend ( {} , $.fn.tabs.base ) ;
Next , we 'll want to add a new function to run immediately before the default activated function .
We still want to run the default activated function , which handles all the logic for displaying the tab , but we want to do some stuff first .
Here 's the code :
wycats.activate.unshift( function ( options ) { var xhr = options.xhr ; this .bind ( " activated " , function(e , selected ) { var url = xhr && xhr [ $ ( selected ) .
attr ( " href " ) ] ; if ( url ) { var panel = getPanel ( selected ) ; panel.html ( " < img src='throbber.gif '/>" ) .load ( url ) ; } } ) ; } ) ;
Now you can see why we pass the options into the setup methods .
First , we store off the xhr options into a local variable , which will be available to callbacks .
Next , we bind the activated event .
Note that since this is event , all bound events ( including the default activated event from above ) will get triggered .
We 're using unshift here to bind this activated event first , which will cause it to get triggered before the default behavior later .
When the tab is activated , we check to see whether the tab's href property is listed inside the xhr option .
If it is , we replace the HTML of the panel with a throbber , and load the URL into it .
Step 4 : Adding support for history
Finally , let 's add support for modifying the hash tag as we click on tabs , and loading the right tab on startup .
delete wycats.initialize ; wycats .hash = [ function ( options ) { var tabs = this ; this .bind ( " initialize " , function ( ) { var tab = $ ( this ) . find ( " li a " ) ; if( window.location.hash ) tab = tab. filter ( " a[ href= ' " + window.location.hash + " ' ] " ) ; $ ( this ) . trigger ( " activated " , tab [ 0 ] ) ; } ) ; this .bind ( " activated " , function( e , selected ) { window.location .hash = $ ( selected ) . attr ( " href " ) ; } ) ; } ] ;
We add a new category of functionality called " hash " .
First , we delete the default initialize function , because it forces the first tab to be activated no matter what .
We want to activate the tab that is present in the hash value ( window.location.hash ) .
On initialization , we first get all of the tabs .
Next , we check to see whether window.location .
hash is populated .
If it is , we filter the list of tabs to include only the one that matches the hash .
Next , we activate the first remaining tab .
When a tab is activated , we update the hash to match the tab 's href .
Finally , because there is no generic " hashchange " event in the browser , we need to emulate one ( in case the user presses the back button after clicking a tab ) :
var lastHash = window.location.hash ; setInterval ( function ( ) { if( lastHash != window.location.hash ) { var tab = $ ( tabs ) . find ( " li a[href= ' " + window.location.hash + " ' ] " ) ; if (!tab.is( " .active " ) ) $ ( tabs ) . trigger ( " activated " , tab [ 0 ] ) ; lastHash = window.location.hash ; } } , 500 ) ;
Every 1/ 2 second , we check to see the if the hash has changed .
If it did , and the tab is not yet active ( which would happen if the user explicitly triggered the event ) , we trigger the activated event .
Wrapup
The basic idea here is that we have created an extensible tab system .
The core of the tab system is just the necessary events , and we added a set of default event handlers for the events .
Adding functionality , for the most part , simply required binding additional functionality to those events , and occasionally deleting a handler .
There are a few unconventional techniques here ( $$ , setupOptions ) , but they make it easier to implement the basic idea espoused in this article .
It 's only one possible implementation , and I 'd love to hear about tweaks to this approach or entirely different event - driven designs .
Bernie Ecclestone is Formula
One 's billionaire boss Fresh details about the Ecclestone affair - New Labour 's first sleaze scandal - have been uncovered .
The Sunday Telegraph says previously secret papers show then PM Tony Blair personally intervened in the matter .
Previously Mr Blair maintained that the idea to grant Formula One an exemption from a ban on tobacco advertising had come from the Department of Health .
The issue of tobacco advertising had been discussed when Mr Blair met Mr Ecclestone - a Labour donor .
The party was famously forced to hand back a £ 1 m donation from the Formula One mogul in 1997 .
The cash had been linked to a decision to exempt the sport from a tobacco advertising ban .
The documents reportedly show then Prime Minister Tony Blair intervened to secure an exemption just hours after meeting the racing tycoon on 16 October 1997 .
But at the time , the prime minister denied personal involvement , and appeared on a BBC programme to insist he was a " pretty straight kind of guy " .
Briefing notes
The government has always maintained the meeting on 16 October did not influence the final decision over the exemption .
They insisted it was a joint decision made with the Department of Health at a later date .
However , the Sunday Telegraph says newly released documents - obtained under Freedom of Information laws - " prove conclusively Mr Blair ordered his government to prepare for the policy change immediately following his meeting with Mr Ecclestone " .
They reportedly show the prime minister instructed his then Chief of Staff , Jonathan Powell , to signal his support for a derogation within hours of the meeting .
The following day , Downing Street wrote to then Public Health Minister Tessa Jowell stating : " The prime minister would like your ministers to look for ways of finding a permanent derogation for sport , in particular F1 . "
On 24 October , Ms Jowell wrote to Mr Blair setting out possible options which included the idea of an exemption , but also contained alternatives such as a longer phase - in period for the ban .
But five days later , she received a letter insisting : " His ( the prime minister 's ) view remains that we should seek to negotiate a permanent exemption for Formula 1 ... "
Following the PM 's response , Ms Jowell wrote to the EU - where the tobacco advertising legislation was being drafted - seeking a total exemption for Formula One .
' Nothing new '
The documents are also said to reveal concern among Whitehall officials that they were at risk of being " disingenuous " about the situation .
The revelations are contained in briefing notes , drafted by officials working for Ms Jowell .
The notes relate to a parliamentary question tabled by Conservative MP John Maples .
Mr Maples wanted to know on what date Mr Blair had informed then Health Secretary Frank Dobson of the decision to push for an exemption .
A reply was drafted which gave the date as 29 October , but a briefing note warned : " The draft reply is strictly true in terms of the final decision which resulted in the letter to EU colleagues and is consistent with the Prime Minister 's references on On The Record to the decision having been taken two or three weeks after the meeting ( with ) the FIA [ Formula One 's governing body ] on Oct 16 .
" However , if the correspondence were in the public domain , critics could argue that the answer was disingenuous in that the Prime Minister 's views had been clearly conveyed by the telephone call on Oct 16 and the letter on Oct 17 . "
Before the question had been answered , Mr Blair told the Commons , on 12 November , that the decision to exempt Formula One had been made on 5 November .
When the answer to Mr Maples ' question was finally given , it referred him to Mr Blair 's statement .
A spokesman for Mr Blair said : " There is nothing new here .
All these issues were debated at the time . "
Fore the Conservatives , shadow work and pensions secretary Chris Grayling said : " These revelations blow the lid off what looks to have been a culture of deceit in Downing Street under Tony Blair .
" Mr Blair assured us at the time that there was no deception and if , as is now thought , this claim was untrue , Mr Blair has some serious questions to answer . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Many pregnant women who smoke do not approach doctors for help to quit because they think they will be " judged " , a poll for the NHS suggests .
Of 224 pregnant smokers questioned , 25 % said they had not sought help because of worries about being criticised .
Some 40 % said they had not admitted their habit to midwives or doctors .
The NHS is launching a new campaign to try to encourage the 17 % of pregnant women in England who smoke to ask for help to give up their habit .
The Royal College of Midwives welcomed the initiative but warned women should not be stigmatised for smoking when pregnant .
Pregnant women who smoke do not automatically find it easy to stop smoking as soon as they become pregnant
Dr Miriam Stoppard Smoking in pregnancy can reduce the amount of oxygen available to the developing foetus , and babies of smokers are more likely to be born with a lower birthweight .
The government has made a concerted effort to tackle smoking in pregnancy , spending £ 6 m in 2002 to create specialists to advise women on the risks and help them to quit .
However , the survey , commissioned by the NHS Smokefree team , reveals that many women never even seek help in the first place .
Their concern is supported by other polls , which have found more than half of those surveyed are critical of pregnant smokers .
Group support Dr Miriam Stoppard , who is leading the new campaign , said : " Pregnant women who smoke do not automatically find it easy to stop smoking as soon as they become pregnant .
" Pregnancy can be a particularly difficult time to stop smoking - and rather than stigmatising these women , we should be guiding them to their local NHS Stop Smoking Service for expert advice and support . "
Lisa Fendall , one of the NHS specialist smoking in pregnancy advisors who covers the Rotherham area in Yorkshire , said : " We see lots of pregnant women who are worried about trying to stop smoking and feel they do n't have the support or anyone to talk to about it . "
She said that everything from group sessions to smoking helplines was available in her area .
A spokesman for the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists said : " Healthy women have healthy babies who grow into healthy children .
" We are delighted to see such strong messages in an NHS public health campaign .
These help remove some of the stigma identified by women as being barriers to change .
" However , we must go further .
Apart from those already pregnant , we must also encourage and support women who are trying to conceive and those who have given birth to stop smoking . "
Royal College of Midwives General Secretary Cathy Warwick , said : " Any steps to reduce smoking among pregnant women are to be applauded . "
But she said : " In working to reduce smoking though , we must not point an accusing finger and stigmatize women who smoke during pregnancy .
" The focus should be on encouraging pregnant women to discuss the issue with their midwife who will offer help , support and guidance .
" Midwives and women can then work together to help the women stop , so that they and their babies can have a healthier future . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chrome for Linux To Use GTK
by Ostatic Staff - Feb. 15 , 2009
Via OSNews comes word that the developers bringing Chrome to Linux have opted to use GTK over Qt as the browser 's framework .
The development team 's decision was n't an easy one .
The questions they addressed about Chrome 's appearance and behavior , what end - users need and expect , and how to make it work smoothly on the Linux desktop are highly subjective , and in some cases , emotionally charged .
The FAQ on the Chromium developer 's site states that while both toolkits are capable of doing the job ( WebKit handles most rendering with the exception of some form controls and dialogs ) , the team opted for GTK due to their level of familiarity with it .
One of the true beauties of open source development is its transparency .
The public discussion on the Chromium - dev list nicely illustrates the challenges faced in developing any piece of software .
The thread dealing with Chrome 's UI ( supported by an internal library called " Views " ) and the idiosyncracies of how ( and if ) it should be used in the Linux version is interesting reading -- even for the non-developer .
The Chrome team has a unique challenge in developing for Linux .
Windows and Mac platforms each have their generalized look and approach to desktop handling , and perhaps to a lesser extent , they each have certain sets of tasks they typically perform .
Linux has a number of desktop environments and window managers , and users of all walks of life who are as apt to deploy the graphical server at boot as they are to work in a terminal until a graphical application is needed .
The problem the developers face is that there is n't one true native toolkit in Linux .
Fluxbox looks and behaves very differently than KDE , and getting Chrome to run so that it feels " natural " on any desktop , yet still feels like Chrome , is going to be the trick .
It seems as though the Chrome team realizes that balancing a " native to the desktop " feel with the look and functionality that makes Chrome what it is will be a difficult task , and one that wo n't make everyone completely happy .
Of course , another beauty of open source software is the ability to change it to suit your needs .
If a GTK based Chrome is unpalatable for some , will a Qt version be far behind ?
Google hopes to release both the Linux and Mac versions of Chrome sometime in June .
COMO ESCOLHER TAPETES
Você sabe como escolher tapetes ?
As temperaturas mais baixas estão chegando e apostar em alguns revestimentos quentinhos para a casa é sempre uma boa ideia .
Na sala de estar , no quarto e até no banheiro , não existe um ambiente que não fique bem com um tapete bem escolhido .
E com tantas opções cheias de charme disponíveis do mercado , ninguém tem desculpa para não investir nessas peças .
Como escolher tapetes
Eu sei que escolher tapetes para a nossa casa nem sempre é uma tarefa muito simples .
Na hora da compra sempre surgem muitas dúvidas em relação ao formato , ao material , ao tamanho e até as cores .
Se esse é seu caso , não precisa mais se preocupar , com esse post você conseguirá identificar o modelo que melhor combina com o seu ambiente e com as suas intenções .
Vamos conferir ?
GRANDE DETALHE
O tapete é aquele item de decoração que deve ser comprado por último .
Isso porque , quando você coloca todos os móveis e acessórios no lugar correto , consegue visualizar muito …
How do you appreciate IT leaders and their teams ?
You give them awards of course .
Mainly because 96 per cent of them think winning ...
How to Create a Website ( 2020 Edition )
The essential step by step guide on how to set up a website
by Christopher Heng , thesitewizard.com
This tutorial shows you how to make or create a website .
It is intended for the beginner and layperson , taking you step by step through the whole process from the very beginning .
It makes very few assumptions about what you know ( other than the fact that you know how to surf the Internet , since you 're already reading this article on the Internet ) .
As some steps are more involved , this guide also links to selected relevant articles on thesitewizard .com that you will need to click through to read for more information .
Choose a Web Host and Sign Up for an Account A web host is basically a company that has many computers connected to the Internet .
When you place your web pages on their computers , everyone in the world will be able to connect to it and view them .
You will need to sign up for an account with a web host so that your website has a home .
If getting a domain name is analogous to getting a business name in the brick - and - mortar world , getting a web hosting account is comparable to renting office or shop premises for your business .
There are many issues involved in selecting a good web host .
Read up on the things you need to look for in the article How to Choose a Web Host .
One factor that may influence your choice is the decision on whether to use SSL for your website .
A site that uses SSL will have a web address starting with " https : / / " instead of " http : / / " .
In ancient times , webmasters typically only bothered to use it if they were selling goods and services and needed to collect credit card numbers , or if they had some sort of facility that required their visitors to log in with a password .
Nowadays , however , the whole of the Internet is slowly moving to a state where everything has SSL .
As such , it is a good idea for new websites to use it from the very outset .
This will allow you to avoid the hassle and risk involved in moving an existing website from HTTP to HTTPS , which you may find yourself doing in the future if you do n't get it done at the beginning .
For more information , please read the first few sections of that article , namely those explaining what SSL is ( in greater detail ) , and the advantages and disadvantages of it .
In general , as far as I know , all commercial web hosts let you install SSL certificates for your site .
The price varies , though , from company to company .
Some give you a certificate for free .
Others will install a free certificate for a one time charge .
Some require you to buy a commercial certificate ( which has a recurring charge ) .
You may want to factor this when comparing the prices of the different web hosts .
When you have an idea of what to look for , go to the Budget Web Hosting page to look for a web host .
After you sign up for a web hosting account , you will need to point your domain name to that location .
Information on how to do this can be found in the guide How to Point a Domain Name to Your Website ( Or What to Do After Buying Your Domain Name ) .
Testing Your Website Although I list this step separately , it should be done throughout your web design cycle .
I put it here to give it a little more prominence , since too few new webmasters actually perform it adequately .
You will need to test your web pages as you design them in the major web browsers .
These days , this means checking your site in Chrome or any of its derivatives , Firefox , as well as your mobile phone .
The newest version of Microsoft Edge , released on 15 January 2020 , also qualifies as a Chrome derivative , so if you have that , you can use it instead of installing Chrome .
The desktop browsers ( Firefox , Chrome and Edge ) are all available free of charge .
Note that different brands of mobile phones do not actually have the same browser .
Alas , unlike the desktop browsers , phones are n't normally free .
As such , just test your site with whatever phone you happen to have .
That said , if you have access to both an iPhone as well as an Android , check your site with both .
For those who have the time , you may also want to test using Internet Explorer 11 , which is still in use by some people ( such as those using Windows 8.1 and earlier ) .
For those who do n't have the required Windows version ( for example , because you use a Mac or a later version of Windows ) , you can get a piece of software called a virtual machine , which mimics a completely separate computer running within your real computer .
Microsoft provides packages containing both the required Windows version and different versions of Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge , free of charge , which you can run in your virtual machine to test your site .
If you are interested in doing this , read in the article How to Check Your Website with Multiple Browsers on a Single Machine for more details .
If you want to improve the chances that your website will work in future versions of all web browsers , consider validating the code for your web pages .
In layman 's language , this means that you should check that the underlying code of your web page , called " HTML " and " CSS " , has no syntax errors .
You do n't actually need technical knowledge of HTML and CSS to validate the page , since you can use one of the numerous free web page validators around to do the hard work .
On the other hand , if the validator tells you that your page has errors , it may sometimes be hard to figure out what 's wrong ( and whether the error is actually a serious one ) if you do n't have the requisite knowledge .
Having said that , some validators actually make suggestions on how to fix the error .
KORANGAL OUTPOST , Afghanistan —
Only the lead insurgents were disciplined as they walked along the ridge .
They moved carefully , with weapons ready and at least five yards between each man , the soldiers who surprised them said .
Behind them , a knot of Taliban fighters walked in a denser group , some with rifles slung on their shoulders — “ pretty much exactly the way we tell soldiers not to do it , ” said Specialist Robert Soto , the radio operator for the American patrol .
If these insurgents came close enough , the soldiers knew , the patrol could kill them in a batch .
Fight by fight , the infantryman ’s war in Afghanistan is often waged on the Taliban ’s terms .
Insurgents ambush convoys and patrols from high ridges or long ranges and slip away as the Americans , weighed down by equipment , return fire and call for air and artillery support .
Last week a patrol from the First Infantry Division reversed the routine .
An American platoon surprised an armed Taliban column on a forested ridgeline at night , and killed at least 13 insurgents , and perhaps many more , with rifles , machine guns , Claymore mines , hand grenades and a knife .
Germany 's main neo -Nazi party pretends to be democratic .
But its members hoard weapons , plan to rebuild Hitler 's Reich and are using the economic crisis to try to make sweeping gains in this year 's elections , a new and disturbing study of the extreme right has revealed .
To write their exposé on the increasingly influential neo-Nazi National Democratic Party of Germany ( NPD ) , the authors spent two years infiltrating Germany 's far right .
They interviewed party leaders and defectors who have since quit the organisation in disgust .
" The NPD is a dangerous organisation , " warned Olaf Sundermeyer , one of the two journalists who wrote
In the NPD , published in Germany last week .
" It pretends to be democratic , but make no mistake about it : these people are genuine Nazis . "
Despite government attempts to ban the party , the overtly racist NPD has already won seats in two of Germany 's 16 regional state parliaments .
It has some 220 members on local councils , and expects to consolidate its political power base in a series of regional and local polls this year .
The NPD 's leader , Udo Voigt , admits that his party is unlikely to gain a foothold in the national parliament in Germany 's general election this September .
But he insists : " My vision is to obtain seats in the Reichstag in 2013 . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
To outsiders and the press , the NPD tries to portray itself as a middle - class party .
Members are schooled in Berlin on how to cope with difficult questions about the Third Reich and the Holocaust .
At election time , rank - and - file skinheads are replaced by men with short haircuts and suits and its handful of far - right " intellectuals " .
In their book , Mr Sundermeyer and his co-author , Christoph Ruf , make it clear that the economy and unemployment are playing into the hands of the NPD .
The party has infiltrated militant jobless groups , and is winning support .
" Germany 's ability to cope with such developments is going to be on trial in 2009 .
It will be a test of the country 's political maturity , " they warn .
Some of the most disturbing revelations about the NPD , which began life in the mid-1960s , are provided by former members who were shocked by the violence of its members and their hero - worship of Adolf Hitler .
Uwe Luthardt , a taxi driver , was in the NPD leadership for three years , but resigned after watching his party colleagues severely beat a punk rocker who had shouted " Goodnight white pride " at the group .
" It was the straw that broke the camel 's back , " Mr Luthardt said .
He revealed that the party 's regional headquarters in Jena is deliberately called the " Brown House " after Hitler 's Munich HQ .
The cellars of the building contain a weapons cache , and are adorned with photographs of SS men .
Party members sing the outlawed Nazi " Horst Wessel " anthem and a song called " We 're Going to Build an Underground Train Line from Jerusalem to Auschwitz " .
Mr Luthardt described how the party is funded by donations from expatriate Nazis and their families who fled to South America after the Second World War .
Cash also comes from concerts staged by far - right skinhead rock bands .
" The objective is to bring back the Third Reich , " he said .
" A new organisation of stormtroopers would take revenge on anyone who disagrees with them .
The concept is simply : let 's kick out all the foreigners , then Germans will have jobs again .
The are convinced that they will win an election one day , and that then things will really get going . "
Mr Ruf and Mr Sundermeyer say some areas of eastern Germany have been designated " national liberation zones " by the party , because intimidated foreigners do not dare to be seen there .
The head of the NPD 's youth wing , Michael Schäfer , justifies the party 's anti-foreigner campaign , saying : " The German Volk [ people ] have existed for 1,000 years ; they cannot simply be allowed to disappear . "
MOST people do n’t look for adventure in supermarket meat bins .
But those cuts with baffling names and alluring prices fascinate me .
Beef chuck deckle , $ 1.99 a pound !
Beef chuck seven - bone steak , $ 2.69 !
The mystery of these cuts ’ labels , I learned , was what kept down their price .
With the right techniques , a lot of unfamiliar meats in the supermarket can be more delicious than more expensive cuts .
So who needs lamb rib chops for $ 11.99 a pound when loin chops are more tender and only $ 8.99 ?
Beef chuck deckle — not to be confused with the grillable deckle of the rib - eye — is one term for the meat that lies on top of the ribs .
It looks like a cross between flank steak and skirt steak , a flattened millefeuille of muscle and fat .
I had no idea what to do with it , so I braised it .
I seared the meat and spread the top with sharp mustard and thyme leaves .
I poured red wine around it , set it on the lowest heat and waited .
Could this be the year that you finally experience the thrill of victory in your NCAA Men 's Basketball Tournament office pool ?
It could be if you listen to three Georgia Tech professors .
They have devised a computerized , mathematical system that for the last nine seasons has beaten all other ranking systems , including last year when it correctly picked the Final Four teams and the eventual winner , Kansas .
Using some different basketball logic , as well as some " your calculator can't do this " kind of math , they have ranked all 65 of this year 's tournament teams and even put their predictions on a bracket for you , ready to hand in .
Scoring system
With almost 40 million tournament bracket prediction sheets expected to be filled out , the NCAA tournament is one of the most closely followed sports events of the year .
Everyone has their own system " whether it be picking no upsets ( as seeded by the tournament ) , listening to the pundits ' picks , or even filling out multiple sheets with different scenarios .
Joel Sokol , associate professor and one of the inventors of the model , warns against the go - with - your - gut approach .
" As fans , we only get to see most tournament teams two or three times at most during the season , so our gut feelings about a team are really colored by how well or poorly they played the few times we 've been watching , " Sokol said .
Like most new logic , the ideas that Sokol and fellow professor , Paul Kvam , initially came up with to build a better game prediction system seemed obvious once they thought about it .
For the two researchers , its not whether you win or lose , its about the score .
While other ranking systems value a win as a win , there is a difference between beating or losing to an opponent by 1 point or by 30 points .
Joined by engineering professor George Nemhauser , they created a system that combined this actual performance with an assessment of the strength of each opponent , also known as their " strength of schedule . "
Factoring in the margin of victory has never been politically correct for the NCAA as they would prefer to avoid teams running up the score in a lopsided game just to improve their rankings .
Yet , its inclusion in the model has been a key to its success .
Home court advantage
What about those screaming home court fans and their effect on the game ?
The researchers found there is a significant advantage at home that would require a margin of victory of 20 - 22 points to overcome .
In other words , if Wisconsin beat Minnesota in Madison , then to be able to confidently predict that Wisconsin would win again in Minneapolis would require about a 20 point initial victory .
Since the NCAA tournament games are played , theoretically , at neutral sites , then a game prediction system must eliminate this home court advantage to be able to pick a winner .
The new system , named the LRMC ( Logistic Regression / Markov Chain ) , adds these two leaps of logic together .
Using the mathematical concept of a Markov chain , LRMC repeatedly asks the hypothetical question , " given that Team A beat Team B by X points at home ( or on the road ) , what is the probability that A is a better team than B ? ”
By working its way through a season of results using just scoreboard data , ( who won , who lost , by how much and where ) , the model can begin to make ranking predictions about midway through a season .
By the end of the season , a final ranking can be published .
To determine the outcome of any post - season game , the team with the higher final ranking is predicted to win .
" Our system objectively measures each team 's performance in every game it plays , and mathematically balances all of those outcomes to determine an overall ranking , " said Sokol .
Should you bet your 401K money on the LRMC bracket ?
No , because there are still real upsets , when a lower ranked team still knocks off a true favorite .
It 's the perceived upset that LRMC can detect ; when a team is overvalued and seeded too high only to be sent home by a better quality team .
Then , we have have some real March Madness !
Dan Peterson writes about sports science at his site Sports Are 80 Percent Mental .
EDITOR'S NOTE :
An image is available for download at http://www.news.wisc.edu/newsphotos/squidGene.html
Newswise —
All life — plants , animals , people — depends on peaceful coexistence with a swarm of microbial life that performs vital services from helping to convert food to energy to protection from disease .
Now , with the help of a squid that uses a luminescent bacterium to create a predator - fooling light organ and a fish that uses a different strain of the same species of bacteria like a flashlight to illuminate the dark nooks of the reefs where it lives , scientists have found that gaining a single gene is enough for the microbe to switch host animals .
The finding , reported this week ( Feb. 1 ) in the journal Nature by a team of scientists from the University of Wisconsin - Madison , is important not only because it peels back some of the mystery of how bacteria evolved to colonize different animals , but also because it reveals a genetic pressure point that could be manipulated to thwart the germs that make us sick .
" It seems that every animal we know about has microbes associated with it , " says Mark J. Mandel , the lead author of the study and a postdoctoral fellow in the UW - Madison School of Medicine and Public Health .
" We pick up our microbial partners from the environment and they provide us with a raft of services from helping digestion to protection from disease . "
In the Pacific , a species of bacteria known as Vibrio fischeri lives in luminescent harmony with two distinct hosts : the diminutive nocturnal bobtail squid and the reef - dwelling pinecone fish .
In the squid , which feeds at night near the ocean surface , one strain of the bacterium forms a light organ that mimics moonlight and acts like a cloaking device to shield the squid from hungry predators below .
In the pinecone fish , another strain of the bacterium colonizes a light organ within the animal 's jaw and helps illuminate the dark reefs in which it forages at night .
The fish light organ may also play a role in attracting the zooplankton that make up the pinecone fish 's menu .
But how did a single species of bacteria come to terms with such different hosts ?
Working in the UW - Madison laboratory of microbiologist Ned Ruby , Mandel and his colleagues scoured the genomes of the two different strains of V. fischeri and found that most of the bacterium 's genetic architecture was conserved over the course of millions of years of evolutionary history , but with a key difference :
The strain that colonizes the squid has a regulatory gene that controls other genes that lay down a biofilm that allows the microbe to colonize the animal 's light organ .
" During squid colonization , this regulatory gene turns on a suite of genes that allow bacteria to colonize the squid through mucus produced by the animal , " Mandel explains .
" The mucus is the pathway to the light organ , but it also helps keep out the bad guys . "
Both strains of bacteria , Mandel explains , have the same genes that produce the biofilms the bacterium needs to get established in its host .
But the regulatory gene that sets the other biofilm genes in motion is absent in the strain that lives in the pinecone fish , the animal scientists believe was first colonized by V. fischeri before it moved in to the squid light organ when the squid family came onto the scene in the Pacific Ocean at least 30 million years ago .
" The regulatory gene entered the bacterium 's lineage and allowed it to expand its host range into the squid , " according to Mandel .
" The bottom - line message of the paper is that bacteria can shift host range by modifying their capabilities with small regulatory changes . "
The regulatory gene acquired by the bacterium , notes Ruby , is essentially a switch the organism uses to activate a set of genes that had been residing quietly in the V. fischeri genome .
Such mechanisms , he says , are very likely at play in many other species of bacteria , including those that infect humans and cause illness .
" This is going to inform a question that has been around a long time in the area of pathogenesis , " says Ruby .
One line of thought is that " in order to become a pathogen , a whole suite of genes needs to be imported to a bacterium . "
The new finding by his group , however , suggests that nature is far more parsimonious :
Instead of requiring organisms to acquire many new genes to occupy a new host , the combination of a new regulatory gene and genes that already reside in a bacterium is enough to do the trick .
" Together , they can do something neither of them could do before .
They can mix and match and open up new niches , " says Ruby .
Knowing that a regulatory gene plays a key role in allowing an organism to fit a new host may prove useful in human medicine as many bacterial pathogens arose first in other animals before infecting humans .
A single gene can be a much easier target for a drug or other intervention to prevent or mitigate infection , the Wisconsin scientists say .
In addition to Ruby and Mandel , authors of the new Nature report include Michael S. Wollenberg , also of UW - Madison ; Eric V. Stabb of the University of Georgia ; and Karen L. Visick of Loyola University Chicago .
The study was supported by grants from the Betty and Gordon Moore Foundation , the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation .
Philadelphia , PA , April 29 , 2009 - Relationships are difficult and most of us probably think at some point that communicating positively with our partner when discussing stressful issues , like home finances , is an impossible task .
What if there was a safe way to take the " edge " off these discussions ?
The biology of human social relationships is just beginning to emerge as groundbreaking research on social cognition conducted in animals is now informing research in humans .
In its May 1st issue , Biological Psychiatry ( http://www . elsevier .
com/ locate / biopsychiat ) , published by Elsevier , includes a paper by Swiss researchers that have investigated the effects of oxytocin , the " love hormone , " on human couple interactions .
They recruited adult couples who received oxytocin or placebo intranasally before engaging in a conflict discussion in the laboratory .
Oxytocin increased positive communication behavior in relation to negative behavior and reduced salivary cortisol , i.e. , their stress levels , compared to placebo .
" We are just beginning to understand the powerful effects of hormones and chemicals released by the body in the context of important social interactions , " commented John Krystal , M.D. , the editor of Biological Psychiatry .
" As this knowledge grows , the question of how to best use our developing capacities to pharmacologically alter social processes will become an important question to explore . "
Author Beate Ditzen , Ph.D. , noted that this was the first study of its kind and important because it evaluated real - time natural couple behavior in the laboratory .
" [ Oxytocin ] might help us to pronounce the effects of a standard treatment , such as cognitive behavioral therapy , by possibly making the benefits of social interaction more accessible to the individual .
But it probably will not replace these standard treatments . "
They clarify that this study does not show that oxytocin should currently be used as a treatment itself and the effects of repeated administration have not been evaluated in humans .
In addition , important ethical concerns will have to be addressed , such as to what extent it should be used as a " treatment " and whether developed treatments could become drugs of abuse in the form of " social enhancers . "
###
Notes to Editors :
The article is " Intranasal Oxytocin Increases Positive Communication and Reduces Cortisol Levels During Couple Conflict " by Beate Ditzen , Marcel Schaer , Barbara Gabriel , Guy Bodenmann , Ulrike Ehlert , and Markus Heinrichs .
Authors Ditzen and Ehlert are affiliated with the Department of Psychology , Clinical Psychology and Psychotherapy , University of Zurich , Zurich , Switzerland .
Ditzen is also with the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences , Emory University School of Medicine , Atlanta , Georgia .
Schaer , Gabriel , and Bodenmann are from the Department of Psychology , Institute for Family Research and Counseling , University of Fribourg , Fribourg , Switzerland .
Heinrichs is affiliated with the Department of Psychology , Clinical Psychology and Psychobiology , University of Zurich , Zurich , Switzerland .
The article appears in Biological Psychiatry , Volume 65 , Issue 9 ( May 1 , 2009 ) , published by Elsevier .
The authors ' disclosures of financial and conflicts of interests are available in the article .
John H. Krystal , M.D. is affiliated with both Yale University School of Medicine and the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and his disclosures of financial and conflicts of interests are available at http://journals.
elsevierhealth .
com/ webfiles / images / journals / bps/ Biological_Psychiatry_Editorial_Disclosures_08_01_08 . pdf .
Full text of the article mentioned above is available upon request .
Contact Jayne M. Dawkins at ja.dawkins@elsevier.com to obtain a copy or to schedule an interview .
About Biological Psychiatry
This international rapid- publication journal is the official journal of the Society of Biological Psychiatry .
It covers a broad range of topics in psychiatric neuroscience and therapeutics .
Both basic and clinical contributions are encouraged from all disciplines and research areas relevant to the pathophysiology and treatment of major neuropsychiatric disorders .
Full - length and Brief Reports of novel results , Commentaries , Case Studies of unusual significance , and Correspondence and Comments judged to be of high impact to the field are published , particularly those addressing genetic and environmental risk factors , neural circuitry and neurochemistry , and important new therapeutic approaches .
Concise Reviews and Editorials that focus on topics of current research and interest are also published rapidly .
Biological Psychiatry ( www.sobp.org/journal) is ranked 4th out of the 95 Psychiatry titles and 16th out of 199 Neurosciences titles on the 2006 ISI Journal Citations Reports ® published by Thomson Scientific .
About Elsevier
Elsevier is a world - leading publisher of scientific , technical and medical information products and services .
Working in partnership with the global science and health communities , Elsevier 's 7,000 employees in over 70 offices worldwide publish more than 2,000 journals and 1,900 new books per year , in addition to offering a suite of innovative electronic products , such as ScienceDirect ( http://www. sciencedirect . com/ ) , MD Consult ( http://www. mdconsult . com/ ) , Scopus ( http://www. info. scopus. com / ) , bibliographic databases , and online reference works .
A San Francisco startup led by a former Tesla Motors engineer is developing an electric motorcycle capable of 150 mph , a claim that , if true , would make it the fastest production electric vehicle in the world .
Mission Motors unveiled the bike , dubbed Mission One , at the TED conference and said it will begin selling them next year for $ 69,000 apiece .
Although several electric motorcycles have been announced in recent weeks , Mission Motors sticks out because its 12 employees have worked for Tesla , Ducati North America and Intel , and the bike they 're building could set a new benchmark for EVs of all kinds .
" As a motorcycle enthusiast and engineer , I knew I could combine my passion for motorcycles with my passion for innovation and create a motorcycle that truly sets a new standard in the perception of electric vehicles , " company founder and CEO Forrest North said at the Mission One 's launch .
The prototype , wearing bodywork designed by Yves Behar , is based on a Ducati 900 was designed entirely in - house by Mission Motors .
Power comes from a 3 - phase AC induction motor and a liquid - cooled lithium - ion battery the company claims delivers 150 miles and recharges in just two hours at 240 volts .
That climbs to eight hours at 120 volts .
Top - shelf hardware includes Ohlins suspension at both ends , four - piston Brembo brakes and Marchesini forged wheels .
The components - and the claimed 150 horsepower - put the bike on par with hardcore sportbikes like the Ducati 1198 .
That 's exactly what North had in mind .
" With Mission One , we 're writing the next chapter in motorcycle design , delivering a new riding experience without sacrificing performance or design in a zero emissions vehicle , " he said in a statement .
Mission Motors was called Hum Cycles when North launched the company in 2007 after spending a year at Tesla , where he worked on the battery pack that powers the Roadster .
Since then he 's assembled an impressive team drawn from Silicon Valley and Ducati North America .
Vice president of engineering Mason Cabot spent 10 years at Intel .
VP of finance Dan Kaplan was CFO of Ducati North America and director of finance at Tesla .
Product manager Jeremy Cleland is a motorcycle racer who also has worked for both Ducati and Tesla .
So far the company has raised $ 1.5 million from investors and capital venture firms like One Earth Capital .
As Forbes notes , that wo n't last long , and Tesla 's shown that building a high - dollar , high - performance EV is a tricky proposition .
And in addition to going up against startups like Zero Motors and Brammo , Mission Motors will be competing with major manufacturers like Honda and KTM as they develop electric motorcycles .
North says production will begin next year and he 's already sold five bikes .
The first run is limited to 50 hand - built bikes , which will be followed by a bigger run of 250 before the company introduces a more affordable model .
The company plans to race the bike in the TTXGP , a zero-emissions motorcycle grand prix slated for the Isle of Man , on June 14th .
Photos : Mission Motors
See Also :
China is receiving a double dose of blame for the Conficker virus , as reports suggest that the country may either be the source of the virus , the reason why it spread so quickly , or both .
The Conficker virus is due to update itself on Wednesday .
China has already been in the news recently for security issues .
It 's been blamed for a widespread network of spy computers which have allegedly infected computers including those of the Dalai Lama .
Origins may reach as far back as 2001
Vietnamese security firm BKIS says it has analyzed Conficker 's coding and believes there are some unmistakable similarities to a 2001 virus named Nimda ( ' admin ' spelt backwards ) .
At the time , Nimda was unusual because it could spread itself through a wide variety of methods .
( Source : cnet.com )
Having been discovered a week after the World Trade Center attacks , Nimda was initially linked to Al Qaeda terrorism , but this was soon dismissed .
Instead , BKIS security researchers said Nimda may have come from China .
Not everyone agrees with the BKIS theory , however .
A University of Calgary computer expert believes that the original vulnerability in Windows was likely discovered in China , even if somebody from another country then developed the virus to exploit it .
( Source : ctv.ca )
Piracy Made Things Worse
There have also been complaints that the virus was able to spread much quicker because of the widespread piracy of Windows in countries such as China .
Because pirated copies usually do n't connect to the Windows Update service , such machines do not receive Microsoft 's security patches .
None of this is to say China as a nation has been the Conficker villain .
The security community says the virus has actually forced countries including China to work more closely together in finding a solution .
That 's because Conficker issues instructions through randomly chosen domain names , including many in China .
Authorities there have cooperated with other nations in attempts to block the virus and its makers .
( Source : washingtonpost.com )
Forget boring old standard - def DVDs — movie pirates have moved on to selling high - definition discs in an effort to make money on the HD craze .
The HD discs are not genuine Blu-ray discs and do n't boast as high resolution as Blu-ray does , but they 're apparently good enough to fool many consumers , and the movie industry is worried .
Law enforcement in Shenzhen , China , raided a warehouse last month that contained HD copies of a number of popular movies .
There were over 800 discs ( so , what is that , like eight spindles ? ) that were packaged in faux Blu-ray boxes , complete with holograms to make them appear legitimate .
According to the Motion Picture Association International , this is the " first ever " seizure of these types of discs in China .
The pirates are apparently ripping high - def movies ( cracking Blu-ray 's AACS and BD + encryption in the process ) and re-encoding them using AVCHD , which offers a 720 p picture .
Because of the reduction in resolution , file sizes are smaller and can be burned to regular DVDs instead of the more costly Blu-ray discs , netting a tidy profit .
Needless to say , the film industry is n't thrilled by the news .
" We are concerned and are assigning priority to this issue , " the MPA 's Asia - Pacific managing director Mike Ellis told the Wall Street Journal .
Fake Blu-ray discs from China
Image from the Wall Street Journal Fake Blu-ray discs from ChinaImage from the Wall Street Journal
Movie piracy in China is by no means a new trend , but the proliferation of Blu-ray fakes out of Asia is being viewed as a serious threat that could make its way to other countries quickly .
Ellis pointed out that pirates in China can be very enterprising and have exported their wares all over the globe in the past , so there 's nothing stopping them from doing so with this new format .
" These syndicates are very quick to spot market opportunities , " he said .
The news comes at a tough time for Blu-ray .
The format 's growth is stalling thanks to the high price of discs and players combined with the struggling economy , and in September , Blu-ray 's market share actually fell in favor of the cheaper and ubiquitous standard - definition DVDs , as well as HD downloads .
With the Chinese Blu-ray clones going for as little as $ 7 apiece ( compared to the typical Blu-ray disc at $ 30 + ) , it comes as no surprise that they 're being viewed as a threat — especially if they 're dressed up as Blu-ray discs and consumers are n't clear on what they 're getting .
The anger in the threats against AIG executives is palpable .
" Get the bonus , we will get your children , " someone identified only as " Jacob the Killer " hauntingly writes in an e-mail .
His is one of dozens of threats against AIG and its employees that were obtained from Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal 's office under a Freedom of Information Act request by NBC Connecticut .
Read more details on the bonus plan from internal AIG documents here .
Surprisingly , some of those making the threats left their e-mail addresses and phone numbers - making the job of law enforcement officers easier .
Here are some of the highlights ( or rather , low - lights ) .
We 've cleaned up some of the nasty language , but you can use your imagination :
--
All you motherf *** ers should be shot .
Thanks for f***ing up our economy then taking our money .
-- Dear Sir :
Ya'll should have the balls and come clean and give back the bonuses .
I know you would never do this so the gov't ought to take you out back and shoot everyone of you crooked sonofb****es... I would be very careful when I went out side .
This is just a warning .
If I were ya'll I would be real afraid .
Thanks ,
Bill .
-- I do n't hope that bad things happen to the recipients of those bonuses .
I really hope that bad things happen to the children and grandchildren of them !
Whatever hurts them the most !!
-- You f***ing suck .
Paying bonuses to the d*****s that made bad bets losing your company billions of dollars .
I want to f*** ing puke .
Publish the list of those yankee scumbags so some good old southern boys can take care of them .
--
If the bonuses do n't stop , it will be very likely that every CEO @ AIG has a bulls - eye on their backs .
--
We will hunt you down .
Every last penny .
We will hunt your children and we will hunt your conscience .
We will do whatever we can to get those people getting the bonuses .
Give back the money or kill yourselves .
--
All the executives and their families should be executed with piano wire around their necks --- my greatest hope .
-- You mother - f*** ing , c***s * ** ing , d***l**** ers need to be taken out one by one and shot in the head .
There 's a special place in hell for you pond scum .
Watch your backs because someone will come to get you , you can be sure .
-- The Revolution is coming .
The family members of your executives are not safe .
Your blood will run through the streets in the coming months .
Among the documents is an e-mail from an unknown individual , who may be or may have been an employee : " Just arrived home to several threats on the answering machine .
' Give your money back or else , ' terrible things going to happen , etc. Both private caller numbers . "
The company presumably provided the threats to support their claim that testifying before a legislative committee Thursday would put their employees at physical risk .
AIG CEO Edward Liddy expressed fear during congressional hearings in Washtington D.C. last week that releasing the names of the executives who scored bonuses would put them at risk of violence from an enraged public .
So far , the only response from citizens angered by the bonus fiasco has come in the form of a small and peaceful protest Saturday in Connecticut at some of the lavish homes of AIG employees .
Some executives in Connecticut have hired security firms to guard their homes , the Associated Press reported .
An agreement was reached Wednesday to have Stephen Blake , AIG 's head of human resources , testify about the structure of the bonus awards .
We ventured into the world of processed produce to see how they make " the stuff we eat " .
It was n't an easy task .
Many manufacturers refused us entry .
We had thought milk would be a good place to start .
The management of Parmalat , the Italian - owned company that produces Paul 's milk , would not let us see how the milk is processed , citing safety reasons .
Kellogg 's said that discussing this sort of matter " was not the sort of thing we do " .
Nestle said it was not interested in discussing how Nescafe was made , instead offering us inside knowledge about a new range of ice - creams .
We politely declined .
A few , however , welcomed Epicure with open arms , happy for us to take a peek behind their security cordon .
Among them was Kraft , the American company that has made Vegemite in Port Melbourne for the past 86 years .
Vegemite
THE Vegemite plant smells of yeast , like a winery during vintage , only sweeter .
It 's basically a series of big rooms stacked with stainless steel tanks connected to other stainless steel tanks by stainless steel pipes .
The world 's annual production of 23 million jars of vegemite is made here ; 95 per cent of those are consumed in Australia and New Zealand .
The rest are sold mainly to expat Aussies and Kiwis .
A few make it to Tokyo , where umami-mad locals wolf down tiny frozen cubes of Vegemite in modern sushi bars .
When I mention to our hosts from the marketing department the popular conception that Vegemite is made from " beer sludge " , they shrug their shoulders .
We are soon down at the receiving tanks into which tanker trucks pump their loads of spent yeast , collected from the nations ' breweries .
All the action takes place within the stainless steel pipes and vats .
The first stage filters off any remaining malt and hops and removes residual alcohol .
The remaining yeast is then treated with heat and enzymes to remove the outside of the cell wall and to leave the rest of the yeast cell : protein , amino acids and B vitamins .
This is cooked with salt at low pressure for four hours and is now referred to as yeast extract .
It has been reduced by 40 per cent to a viscous liquid that looks like hot caramel sauce .
Our host takes a sample of the liquid .
Like Augustus Gloop from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory I can't help but taste this proto -spread .
Compared with the finished product it is bitter , yeasty and aromatic with the flavours of the hops and barley still upfront ; it 's a long way from being Vegemite .
To finish the process , the contents of more than 30 of these drums are sucked up into a large stainless steel vat and further reduced .
Liquefied cooked onion and liquid celery seed , a small amount of caramel for further colour and flavour , and both sea salt and mineral salt are added .
This goes into another cooker at more than 100 degrees for several hours , where further caramelisation takes place .
What has become " black velvet " spread is extruded warm into jars and sealed .
FOUNDED : Vegemite was invented by chemists working at Fred Walker 's eponymous cheese company , and was first sold commercially in 1923 .
The same company invented a beef extract called Bonox in 1918 .
In 1926 , a company was formed with Chicago - based Kraft to make processed cheese in Australia .
After Fred Walker 's death in 1935 , the Australian holdings of the company were absorbed by Kraft in Chicago .
DID YOU KNOW ?
Australians spread 1.2 billion serves of vegemite on toast and bread every year .
Skippy Cornflakes THE assumption that most breakfast cereals are made from a baked or fried slurry is not supported by a tour of the Skippy Cornflakes plant at Cooranbong near Newcastle , a factory surrounded by farmlets and small creeks .
About 80 tonnes of cornflakes are made every week from kernels of corn that have been steamed and dehulled , so only the starchy inside remains .
During the process the whole corn kernels are broken in half to form " grits " about 4 millimetres big .
These grits are cooked in a giant pressure cooker with water , raw sugar , salt , malt extract , vitamins and minerals at a temperature above 100 degrees for two hours .
During this process the water hydrates the starch , making it swell and gel .
Sugars react with the protein in the corn , creating a deep ochre - gold colour , a process known to learned cooks and chefs as the Maillard reaction .
The pressure cooker is opened to reveal slightly swollen and translucent grits that , when squeezed , feel as if they are made from a blend of plastic and elastic .
They are poured onto a belt , cooled , separated and dried under a blast of hot air .
Rollers drag and pull the cooked grits , causing some of the starch particles to break apart .
When the flake is baked at about 200 degrees , this denatured starch forms the body of the flake , while the intact starch particles blister , causing the rough surface .
The flakes are cooled and sent off for packing .
FOUNDED : Skippy Cornflakes are made by the Sanitarium Health Food Company , established in Australia in 1898 by the Seventh Day Adventist Church to promote vegetarian food .
Sanitarium is one of a few Australianowned processed - food companies .
DID YOU KNOW ?
Sanitarium 's first baker trained under Dr John Harvey Kellogg and worked from a rented bakery in Melbourne .
Four 'n Twenty Pies
THE Four 'n
Twenty pie brand and recipe were bought by Gippsland baker Patties from US - owned food giant Simplot in 2003 .
Patties ' massive purposebuilt plant stands on the Princes Highway on the Lakes Entrance side of Bairnsdale .
Every second week the plant — and surrounding industrial estate — is enveloped in the aroma of baking pastry and cooking meat as it turns out 21,000 175 gram pies an hour , six days straight , 24 hours a day .
Mindful of the old " lips and arseholes " myth , it 's a relief to find that Patties uses 27 kilogram boxes of 85 per cent lean frozen beef and mutton , mostly shoulder meat .
The meat comes ready boned , but the boxes are still X - rayed for bone and stray metal before being minced coarsely .
In a gleaming one tonne cooker , 490 kilograms of meat is cooked with water and fresh grated carrot and onion .
When the mixture comes to the boil , more meat is added .
This is repeated until all the meat is cooked .
The meat needs to hit the cooker when the liquid is at boiling point so each morsel contracts and holds its shape .
A slurry of pre-mixed maize starch , salts , pepper and spices is stirred through while the mix is cooking .
Safety measures involve further X - raying and magnet checks for small , hard materials .
Meanwhile , in the pastry room in another part of the plant , the upper crust of puff pastry is mixed in a 250 kilogram blender .
Flour , salt , pastry relaxant and margarine are mixed and then rolled out in a continuous sheet of pastry .
This passes under a long , thin , flat tube from which flows a continuous coating of margarine .
The pastry is folded and flip - flopped across itself 62 times , dusted in flour and allowed to relax for 30 minutes before being rolled out to two to three millimetres and sent to the filling line .
The pie bottoms are made with a basic dough of flour , shortening and salt that is blended , rolled and sent to the filling line .
This is rolled over a tray of sharp - edged pie tins and stamped in with a rubber foot .
The hot filling is piped in , the puff pastry rolled over , spray glazed , pressed and the excess pastry pulled away like a giant piece of lace .
The pies roll into a tunnel oven and are baked for 12 minutes .
FOUNDED : The first Four 'n Twenty pies , about 50 a day , were baked in Bendigo in 1947 by Les McClure .
DID YOU KNOW ?
While other pies declare themselves beef pies , Four 'n Twenty is a meat pie , as it contains mutton .
The mutton and spices give this pie its characteristic flavour .
Twisties IF YOU'VE always thought Twisties were a deep - fried junk food , you 're wrong .
Admittedly , vegetable oil is the second - listed ingredient , but Twisties are initially cooked using pressure and friction .
Having unsuccessfully spent more than a month trying to find someone at Smith 's Snackfood Company to discuss making Twisties , we tracked down a former employee who gave us the inside knowledge .
A thick paste of corn and rice meal is run through an extruder or press : imagine a children 's Play - Doh toy .
There are two plates with holes , one moving , and one stationary .
As the paste is pushed through it develops its random shapes which expand under the heat from the friction .
At this stage , they are quite blandlooking compared with their bright - yellow finish .
From here , they are baked until dry and crisp .
The Twisties are then coated with oil and tumbled with powdered whey , cheese powder , salt , monosodium glutamate , lactic acid and two types of food colouring .
FOUNDED : Twisties were first made in 1950 by General Foods and then by Smith 's in 1964 .
Twisties are now made in factories in Adelaide and Perth and the brand is owned by US fast - food giant PepsiCo .
DID YOU KNOW ?
German - made Twisties are sold in Italy under the brand name Fonzies .
THE POTATO CHIP — WHY IS IT SO ?
In 1853 , a patron at Moon 's Lake House in America ordered fried potatoes with his meal .
The diner complained that the potatoes were too thick and sent them back to the kitchen .
The cook , George Crum , was upset at the criticism .
Crum sliced a new batch of potatoes paper - thin , fried them in boiling oil to a crisp , and then salted them .
What was intended as a stunt turned into an instant hit — the fussy patron and his friends loved the " crunch potato slices " .
Soon they became known as Saratoga Chips and were soon served in restaurants up and down the east coast .
Potato chips first became available in grocery stores in 1895 .
Now US retail sales of potato chips are worth more than $ US6 billion ( $ A8.5 billion ) a year .
EXCLUSIVE :
As Democrats prepared to take control of Congress after the 2006 elections , a top boss at the insurance giant American International Group Inc. told colleagues that Sen. Christopher J. Dodd was seeking re-election donations and he implored company executives and their spouses to give .
The message in the Nov. 17 , 2006 , e-mail from Joseph Cassano , AIG Financial Products chief executive , was unmistakable : Mr. Dodd was “ next in line ” to be chairman of the Senate Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs Committee , which oversees the insurance industry , and he would “ have the opportunity to set the committee ’s agenda on issues critical to the financial services industry .
“ Given his seniority in the Senate , he will also play a key role in the Democratic Majority ’s leadership , ” Mr. Cassano wrote in the message , obtained by The Washington Times .
Mr. Dodd ’s campaign quickly hit pay dirt , collecting more than $ 160,000 from employees and their spouses at the AIG Financial Products division ( AIG - FP ) in Wilton , Conn. , in the days before he took over as the committee chairman in January 2007 .
Months later , the senator transferred the donations to jump - start his 2008 presidential bid , which later failed .
Now , two years later , Mr. Dodd has emerged as a central figure in the government ’s decision to let executives at the now - failing AIG collect more than $ 218 million in bonuses , according to the Connecticut attorney general - even as the company was receiving billions of dollars in assistance from the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
He acknowledged that he slipped a provision into legislation in February that authorized the bonuses , but said the Treasury Department asked him to do it .
The decision has generated national outrage and put the Obama administration into the position of trying to collect the bonuses after they were distributed .
It also endangers Mr. Dodd ’s re-election chances in 2010 as his popularity tumbles in his home state .
Despite all the claims that Washington has changed , the tale of Mr. Dodd ’s lucrative political ties to AIG is a fresh reminder that special interests continue to use donations and fundraising to sow good will with powerful lawmakers like Mr. Dodd .
“ The message seems clear :
The boss says I want you to support the senator , ” said Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics , which studies political fundraising and ethics .
“ And I think the employees got the message . ”
Representatives for Mr. Dodd did not answer specific questions about AIG ’s fundraising , but spokesman Bryan DeAngelis said in a statement : “ Senator Dodd´s fundraising has always been above board , transparent and in accordance with campaign finance rules .
“ As he said [ earlier this month ] , contributions received from any individual who accepted these bonuses from AIG last week will be donated to charity .
And last fall , he made the decision to no longer accept contributions from [ political action committees ] of companies receiving TARP money . ”
Officials at AIG - FP in Wilton referred inquiries to the firm ’s New York headquarters , where spokesman Mark Herr said he had been on the job only three weeks and had no information about the e-mail or the campaign contributions to Mr. Dodd .
Mr. Cassano ’s Washington attorney , F. Joseph Warin , did not return messages left on his voice mail or e-mail .
Mr. Dodd ’s plight also signals that the actions taken by lawmakers after they receive big political donations are being scrutinized by an increasingly distrustful public .
A recent Quinnipiac University poll found Mr. Dodd lagging 43 percent to 42 percent behind former U.S. Rep. Rob Simmons , a Republican who plans to challenge Mr. Dodd , in a hypothetical race .
“ The concern and the question is whether AIG was purchasing kid - glove treatment from their home state senator - from the senator chairing the committee charged with overseeing their industry , ” Ms. Krumholz said .
Political opponents already are using Mr. Dodd ’s financial ties to AIG and his role in the bonuses to weaken his political standing heading into re-election .
AIG ’s employees have been big financial backers of Mr. Dodd .
Over his career , Mr. Dodd has collected $ 238,418 from AIG employees and their spouses , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
Mr. Cassano has donated $ 7,118 to Mr. Dodd ’s campaigns .
Mr. Cassano ’s November 2006 e-mail instructed his colleagues on how to make donations to the senator from Connecticut .
“ As he considers running for president in 2008 , Senator Dodd has asked us for our support with his reelection campaign and we have offered to be supportive , ” Mr. Cassano wrote .
The employees were told , “ If you agree , ” to write checks for $ 2,100 from themselves and their spouses and to send them to Mr. Dodd ’s campaign within four days .
They also were to ask the senior members of their management teams to do the same and send copies of their checks to the company .
The Dodd campaign collected $ 162,100 from AIG - FP employees and their spouses within six weeks of the e-mail , according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics and the Federal Election Commission .
Each of the seven AIG - FP executives to whom the Cassano e-mail was sent made two $ 2,100 contributions to the Dodd campaign - one for the primary and another for the general election campaign .
The records also show that five of their wives also contributed $ 4,200 each to the Dodd campaign .
The executive vice presidents are Alan Frost , David Ackert , Douglas L. Poling , Jake DeSantis , Jon Liebergall , Robert Leary and William Kolbert .
Mr. Cassano , who resigned in February after AIG - FP posted losses of $ 11 billion , followed his own advice .
He and his wife gave Mr. Dodd ’s campaign $ 4,200 each .
Political fundraising in the workplace is legal , but a request from a boss may be viewed as a requirement , campaign watchdogs said .
“ Implicit in this [ e - mail ] is the presumption that , at best , noncompliance will not be looked up favorably … at worst , it may have negative consequences on the employees , ” Ms. Krumholz said .
Mr. Dodd ’s campaign paid for events at AIG , as well .
His Senate campaign recorded paying $ 400 at AIG Food Services on Dec. 7 , 2006 , about two weeks after the e-mail was sent .
In March 2007 , his presidential campaign paid AIG - FP $ 250 for a room rental fee , according to election commission filings .
The payments could have been recorded weeks after the events took place .
Watchdog groups say Mr. Dodd ’s close association with AIG - over his career , the company ’s employees have been one of his largest donor bases - raises questions about his and his committee ’s ability to provide objective oversight .
It was the $ 218 million in bonuses paid by AIG that became the focus of public outrage , igniting a torrent of criticism and congressional hearings in the wake of federal loan packages .
Earlier this month , Mr. Dodd defended the amendment to an economic stimulus bill that exempted bonuses to which companies receiving federal bailout funds previously agreed .
He initially denied having any role in crafting the language , but he later said Treasury Department officials pressured him to make the change to protect the government from lawsuits .
Although the AIG - FP headquarters is located in Mr. Dodd ’s home state and a good number of the bonuses authorized for top company executives went to that office , Mr. Dodd has said he had no idea the amendment would impact the company .
“ Let me be clear : I was completely unaware of these AIG bonuses until I learned of them last week , ” he told CNN last week .
“ I agreed reluctantly .
I was changing the amendment because others were insistent . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Taking a look at Groovy
Posted in : groovy
Why Groovy ?
Features I like about the language
// Create an empty List emptyList = [ ]
// Create an empty Hash emptyHash = [ :]
// Create a List somePeople = [ " John " , " Jack " , " Sarah " ] // Create a Hash ext = [ Ruby : 'rb ' , Python : ' py ' , C : 'c' , Groovy : ' groovy ' ]
// Create a List somePeople = [ " John " , " Jack " , " Sarah " ] // Copy first two List elements copy = somePeople [ 0 .. 1 ] //[ " John " , " Jack " ] // Grab last list element lastElem = somePeople [- 1 ] //" Sarah " // Closures are first class values in Groovy , their syntax is {} .
// For unary lambdas an implicit ' it ' variable is created // Any element starting with capital letters ?
somePeople .
any { it [ 0 ] in ' A ' .. ' Z ' } // true // We can also use regex a la Perl somePeople .
any { it =~ /[ A - Z ] .*/ } //true // Print names with new lines somePeople .
each { println it } // Create a Hash ext = [ Ruby : 'rb ' , Python : ' py ' , C : 'c' , Groovy : ' groovy ' ] // print an element println ext .
' Ruby ' //rb println ext [ ' Ruby ' ]
//rb //iterate through a hash elements ext .
each { key , value -> println key + ': ' + value } // will print Ruby : rb , etc
// Define a square function def square ( val ) { val * val } // Or assign a closure to a square variable : square = { it * it }
// Print dir file names new File ( " / some /dir / " ) .
eachFile { println it .
name } // Print file text content println new File ( " / some/file.txt " ) .
getText ( ) // Print file content with line numbers new File ( " otherfile.txt " ) .
eachLine { it , line -& gt ; println line + " : " + it }
xml = & # 145 ;& # 145 ;& # 145 ; & lt ; root & gt ; & lt ; artist name = " Pearl Jam " & gt ; & lt ; album & gt ; Ten & lt ; / album > < album > Vs.</ album & gt ; & lt ; album & gt ; Vitalogy & lt ; / album > < album > Riot Act </ album & gt ; & lt ; / artist > < artist name = " Soundgarden " > < album > Down on the Upside </ album & gt ; & lt ; album & gt ; Superunknown & lt ; / album > </ artist & gt ; & lt ; /root > ‘‘‘ root = new XmlSlurper ().parseText ( xml ) root.artist.each { println it.@name.text ( ) + ': ' + it.album.collect({ it.text ( ) } ).join ( ' , ') } // Will print // Pearl Jam : Ten , Vs. , Vitalogy , Riot Act / / Soundgarden : Down on the Upside , Superunknown
Conclusion
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
While at work last week I decided to make a small program in the Groovy programming language .
I needed to build a small file processing program that used some Java libraries built at work , but I did n't want to code five or six Java classes to do so .
Since performance was n't a big concern , I decided to take a look at some JVM based languages .
There are lots of programming languages targetting the JVM , so why Groovy ?
Groovy is a highly dynamic language , that takes things from Python , Ruby and Smalltalk .
Since these are programming languages I used before and I 'm quite comfortable with , Groovy seemed like a good match .
Also , Groovy is very easy to learn , having an almost - zero learning curve .
Since I had to do this in a couple of days , I did n't want to spend a lot of time learning a programming language 's syntax and semantics .
I know how to use Python and I know how to use Ruby / Smalltalk , I just want to do the same things in the JVM .
Another very interesting thing ( that does n't concern the language itself , but it 's quite helpful ) is that Groovy , along with OCaml and Perl , has a 100 % completness score at PLEAC .
That means that you can find complete examples of : Strings , Numbers , Arrays , Hashes , Dates and Times , Pattern Matching , File Access , File Contents , Directories , Subroutines , References and Records , Packages , Libraries and Modules , Classes and Objects , Database Access , User Interfaces and a lot more here Some of the features I used and liked about Groovy :
As opposed to Java , Groovy provides List and Hash literals :
In terms of List and Hash manipulation , Groovy offers the same expressiveness as Python and Smalltalk : Functions are defined like this : Simple .
One of the things I find really nice about Groovy , is that it extends Java SE with useful functions .
You can find the extensions here .
Java
File class extensions are pretty cool :
At work I had to deal with XML data , and found a very interesting and high level XML manipulation library called XmlSlurper Groovy is a versatile scripting language built on top of the JVM .
It provides useful features taken from Ruby , Python and Smalltalk , with full access to all Java libraries .
It also extends Java classes with useful methods and iterators .
If you are n't that worried about performance ( still runs faster than Ruby , Python 3 and Perl ) , I 'd recommend you to take a look at it .
Hope this was helpful enough to get a feeling of the language .
( Newser ) – Lurking behind the mainstream film industry is a low - budget , high - return business poised to break through : the world of Christian filmmaking , NPR reports .
Fireproof , a tale of marital woes and redemption , was the highest - grossing independent feature of 2008 — a fact trumpeted at a Christian film festival in San Antonio last month .
“ Christian filmmaking is coming of age ! ” festival organizer Doug Phillips told an enthusiastic crowd .
story continues below
The festival 's $ 101,000 prize — the biggest in the business — is also turning heads , but studio moguls wo n't " ever get it , " said one attendee .
" They will try to mimic it , but you can't mimic Christ .
They 'll never get the love part .
They 'll never get the forgiveness . "
Phillips says Christians need their own production houses .
" We 're going to have our own Steven Spielbergs , " he said .
( Read more Christian film stories . )
Why is this Coke different from all other Cokes ?
It ’s kosher for Passover .
And even non-Jews are thirsty for the limited batch of Coca - Cola because of a very special ingredient – it ’s made with pure sugar instead of high - fructose corn syrup .
“ I had somebody with an Indian accent call me one year to ask when Passover was so he would know when to look for the Coca - Cola made with sugar , ” said Arlene Mathes - Scharf , who runs the kosher food information Web site Kashrut.com
Jason Perlow , 37 , founder of offthebroiler.com , a New York metro- area food blog , said he got thousands of hits when he posted an alert on March 12 that the kosher Coke had started appearing in local stores .
“ These are people who love Coca - Cola as it used to be , ” he said .
“ Sugar lends a different flavor .
It ’s not as sweet and it ’s much fizzier and foamier . ”
Coca - Cola used sugar as a sweetener before it switched to high - fructose corn syrup in the 1980s .
Harriet Tolve , spokeswoman for the Coca - Cola Bottling Co. of New York , said that for “ at least 20 years , ” it has been making the kosher - for - Passover beverages “ in addition to our regularly produced product . ”
Passover , the eight - day holiday that commemorates the exodus of the Israelites from slavery in Egypt , begins at sundown April 2 with the first seder .
During Passover , Jews cannot consume “ chametz , ” defined as five grains - wheat , oats , barley , rye and spelt – that have come in contact with moisture for more than 18 minutes .
Many Jews observe an additional Passover prohibition that includes rice , lentils , beans – and corn .
Locally , Coca - Cola ’s Passover products , which are certified by the Orthodox Union , have a distinctive yellow cap on the 2 - liter bottles marked with an O circling a U next to a P and the words “ kosher for Passover ” in Hebrew .
Cans are embossed to show they are kosher for Passover .
Pepsi produces a kosher for - Passover soda , and many other companies modify their NOproducts to meet the requirements of Jewish dietary law , said Menachem Lubinsky , editor - in - chief of KosherToday.com , a food - industry newsletter .
“ They can notice a significant bump in sales because of their kosher - for - Passover status , ” he said .
“ If they were not kosher for Passover , they would experience a drop in sales for an eight - day period . ”
That ’s because “ almost 70 percent of American Jews participate in at least one seder ” and many non-Jews attend them , he said .
rita.delfiner@nypost.com
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Raiders .
( Though , by Temple of Doom , Lucas will exorcise some of his Bad Ideas Demons by creating Short Round , a character who is both aggressively Asianand a bumbling child sidekick , which for him must have been a total twofer .
If Short Round was sassy and CGI , he would be the perfect storm of shitty Lucas ideas . )
Oh , also of noteworthy importance is how weird Spielberg is .
Check out page 32 , where he 's talking about a chase scene through a village : From page 32 .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It 's just sort of interesting to me to see what exactly Steven Spielberg thinks is important in a brainstorming session .
In five days , they never decide a name for Marion Ravenwood , they do n't quite settle on too many geographic locations and they still do n't know exactly what Indiana 's last name should be , but if there 's one thing Steven Spielberg can concretely say , it 's that Indiana Jones should knock a llama over .
" Guys , I do n't give a shit about what else happens in this movie , but if the credits roll and there 's so much asone fucking llama standing I swear to God I am going to lose it . "
Still , despite all this , just about every cool scene that ended up in Raiders starts as a seed and takes root in these spontaneous conversations .
The snake pit , the face - melting finale , the giant boulder - they all just suddenly came to the creative forces in unpredictable flashes of genius .
That 's cool .
Hey , you know what 's even stranger than the fact that these early spit - balling sessions made it to the intern ?
The fact that Lucas and Spielberg continued these kinds of spit - balling sessions later on in their careers .
In fact , when they decided they were going to bring back Indiana for a fourth installment , they got together with screenwriter David Koepp , though only for , like , a half an hour this time , and it was at an Arby 's , not someone 's house .
They bounced ideas around , recorded their conversations and wrote out those conversations , same as before .
Wanna know what 's even MORE remarkable ?
Well , instead of making these transcripts available for download , they just emailed them directly to me .
Weird , right ?
Pretty unbelievable , I know .
Anyway , here are some excerpts from the Lucas , Spielberg , David Koepp spit - balling session forIndiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull .
The first thing you 'll notice is that the racism is still very much a part of their creative process .
From page 22 .
You should also note that there 's less of a focus on tying up loose ends .
In the original transcript , every plot point was analyzed from several different angles until they settled on something they liked .
Here , they 're just sort of tossed around .
From page 10 .
From page 113 .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And , of course , their hearts just are n't quite in it as much anymore , and it's a little depressing to look at the evolution here .
If you look at the old transcript , it 's clear that they had ideas , ( the shittiness of which admirably rivaled the shittiness of Crystal Skull ) , the difference being that they had the good sense to cut those ideas back in the eighties .
If something as awful as fridge - nuking had come up in the spit - ball session for Raiders , it never would 've made it to the screen , ( where " never " can also mean " until Temple of Doom " ) .
The old Lucas and Spielberg could look at a scene where Jones forms a ball of life preservers and wisely cut it , but the new Lucas and Spielberg can see a scene where a greasy teenager swings through the jungle with a bunch of CGI monkeys and all they can say is " More monkeys . "
Something was lost along the way , folks .
Something profound .
From page 90 .
It 's Alive !
Over the last couple of months , the group working on Mac Chrome ( myself included ) has shifted gears from layout tests and WebKit compatibility to getting the application user interface up and limping .
That also means getting the separate WebCore renderer processes to communicate over IPC to the browser .
Last week , while I was in Cali , the entire team made a tremendous amount of progress getting the cross- platform model and controller classes scaffolded , topped off with a Cocoa UI ( with similar strides on Linux using Gtk ) .
We were at the point where you could create new windows and tabs ( and close them too ) using the shared code , which would spawn / quit associated renderer processes .
It was pretty exciting to watch them come and go in Activity Monitor , knowing how close we were to getting bits on the screen .
This week , everything came together and we can now load web pages in the renderer processes and display them in tabs .
Here 's a screenshot of the very first time I ran Mac Chromium and loaded a webpage :
Now mind you , clicking does n't work , and the renderers crash like nobody 's business , but the other great thing is that the user interface stays running even if they do .
Just open a new tab and keep going !
It 's important to point out that 's part of what 's taken us so long to get to this point .
The WebKit that ships as part of Mac OS X can't run this way -- it took a lot of work to marshall it to do so .
In addition , the UI clearly needs much love , but it's an indicator of the clean and simple direction we 're heading .
If you can't tell , I 'm really excited .
We 've got a very very long way to go ( do n't dare ask me to predict a date -- I wo n't ) , but it 's progress indeed .
Following the dismal failure of the Leahy Truth Commission simply because Republicans insisted on covering their ears and eyes to the truth we now - finally -
have a congressional call for the Special Prosecutor .
We know now that the claim " extreme interrogation " of subjects such as Abu Zubaidah - produced ZERO usable or accurate intelligence .
We know now that several high ranking Generals lied to Congress about their knowledge of torture taking place at Gitmo .
On the question of whether the was or was n't actual torture taking place , that has been settled by the International Red Cross .
WASHINGTON , Nov. 29 - The International Committee of the Red Cross has charged in confidential reports to the United States government that the American military has intentionally used psychological and sometimes physical coercion " tantamount to torture " on prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
The finding that the handling of prisoners detained and interrogated at Guantánamo amounted to torture came after a visit by a Red Cross inspection team that spent most of last June in Guantánamo .
BTW the organization which makes the determination under Geneva as to whether torture has occures - happens to be the International Red Cross .
We have always known - or should have - that the UN Convention Against Torture ( signed by Ronald Reagan ) leaves NO EXCUSES for the use of use of torture .
None .
No exceptional circumstances whatsoever , whether a state of war or a threat of war , internal political in stability or any other public emergency , may be invoked as a justification of torture .
An order from a superior officer or a public authority may not be invoked as a justification of torture .
M
Excepted from the Conyers Report .
The Bush Administration ’s approach to power is , at its core , little more than a restatement of Mr. Nixon ’s famous rationalization of presidential misdeeds : " When the president does it , that means it ’s not illegal . "
Under this view , laws that forbid torturing or degrading prisoners cannot constrain the president because , if the president ordered such acts as Commander in Chief , " that means it ’s not illegal . "
Under this view , it is not the courts that decide the reach of the law – it is the president – and neither the judiciary nor Congress can constrain him .
And where statutory law or the Constitution itself appear to impose obstacles to presidential whim , creative counselors can be relied upon to reach whatever result the president desires .
This dismissive approach to our system of checks and balances was exemplified when the Vice President ’s Chief of Staff , David Addington , appeared before the House Judiciary Committee on June 26 , 2008 .
As much as any individual in the Bush Administration , David Addington is considered the architect of the concept of unchecked and unreviewable presidential powers known as the " unitary executive " ( in a New Yorker profile , a former Pentagon attorney , Richard Schiffrin , said that he left one meeting with Mr. Addington with the impression that he " does n’t believe there should be co-equal branches " ) .
Yet when I questioned Mr. Addington about the unitary executive theory of government during our Judiciary Committee hearing , he responded , " I frankly , do n’t know what you mean by unitary theory of government . "
It 's understandable that some in congress , and even President Obama may be reluctant to repeat the Clinton Snipe Hunts of the 90's with something that appears to be a nothing more than " criminalizing policy differences " - but this is far more than just a differences , it really genuinely IS a War Crime and should be handled as such .
Hopefully this will only be the start of the heat turning up on this issue .
Vyan
Update : 6:36 pm :
For those who are skeptical of Conyers ability to accomplish this - please remember that HJC has reached a deal to receive sworn depositions from Rove and Harriet Miers in the DOJ Firing Case .
The Bolton subpeona is still making it's way through the courts , but it has n't " gone away " by a long shot .
AUSTRALIA needs a Human Rights
Act with explicit protections for indigenous people , says federal Race Discrimination Commissioner Tom Calma .
In the wake of goodwill and bipartisanship following the Federal Government 's apology to the stolen generations last year , Mr Calma says in his Social Justice Report for 2008 that indigenous people believe change is possible .
He outlines six areas where the Federal Government could act in the next 18 months to ensure full protection of indigenous rights , including his proposal for human rights legislation .
Mr Calma says the Government should formally endorse and implement the United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples .
He says the Government should also consider constitutional reform to recognise the first Australians in the preamble , and remove any existing discrimination .
He also says the creation of the national indigenous representative body will help ensure participation in policy and decision - making at the national level .
He says there needs to be a defined consultative framework to move forward with the unfinished business of reconciliation .
In a statement issued to note the formal tabling of the social justice report in Parliament , Mr Calma praised the recent effort , but urged the Federal Government to maintain momentum and implement fundamental actions .
The Government is running a national consultation , headed by Jesuit priest and lawyer Father Frank Brennan , which will determine whether Australia will adopt a national charter of human rights .
The social justice report will be launched by the Human Rights Commission in Sydney next week .
Jeremy and I scored press passes to the recent Cold Fusion Press Conference at the ACS 2009 Spring Meeting .
Unfortunately for them I ’m a nuclear chemistry PhD student .
Jeremy did a quick wrap - up of the press conference , [ CB ] but I thought it would be useful to have a critical chemist perspective of their recent announcement .
The press conference did nothing to address the violation of the most elementary of chemistry and physics that I painstakingly explained in this old post titled “ The difference between cold fusion and cold fusion “ , but I ’ll move on to address their statements .
As this was a press conference and not a scientific talk there was n’t any data that I can point to as evidence for a cold fusion claim .
However , we can tear some sanity from their own words .
I asked why they have n’t observed any gamma rays from their cold fusion experiments .
Pamela Mosier - Boss was quick to reply that they indeed did measure gamma rays , but they “ came in bursts … and are averaged away [ over the duration of the experiment ] ” .
Dissect that statement and reflect on it as a scientist .
Think to yourself : “ Hmmm … clusters of peaks coming all of a sudden but randomly ” , “ Hmmm … as they run the experiment they see these peaks average out ? ” , “ What does this mean ? ” .
You do n’t have to be a spectroscopy expert to figure this one out .
The answer is simple , they measured background .
Background is a random process , it will come in bursts , they may even cluster to make a peak for a short time , but when you run it over the course of the whole experiment it is “ averaged out ” ; that my friend is background you measured .
At an other point of the conference Mahadeva Srinivasan claims to be able to measure tritium , neutrons , and other ionizing radiation not by actually measuring them , but indirectly from looking at his electrodes and observing craters and holes and trying to ascribe the radiation that caused it .
Sounds sort of reasonable unless you ’ve ever done any electrodeposition , which is what the process he described would yield if running current through a wire .
Here is a picture of an electrodeposited layer of europium oxide my fellow colleagues made in the lab .
You can see craters and valleys in the image .
I hope their electrodes did n’t look anything as awful as this , but you can see for yourself that electrodeposition can create ugly surfaces .
Which was a major reason for the Thin Film community ’s move away from electrodeposition and embrace of Sol - Gel techniques , because it causes less cratering and produces homogeneous and uniform films .
So should I believe the claims of a scientist who does not understand the difference between background and peaks ?
Should I believe a scientist who does n’t understand the basic consequences of his own technique ?
You do n’t even have to be a nuclear chemist to call bull - shit on this one .
I want to end this on a positive note , because I ’ve spent a lot of time hammering these cold fusion people over the years .
Honestly , if they are measuring more energy out of their systems than the energy they are putting in , then this is fantastic news .
If they see excess heat , then they need to chase this line of inquiry down .
But nuclear fusion is not the right path .
I truly want to believe these people are capable of measuring the amount of energy in their system versus the energy out correctly .
But the electrochemistry they are performing is non-reversible and that makes energy accounting , in their dynamic system , a very difficult mess .
The simple act of having gas bubbles float from your electrodes will deposit more energy into your solution , due to friction , then you would expect .
And frankly , after listening to these people talk for 45 minutes I do n’t believe they are capable of correctly accounting for energy in a dynamic system .
Mitch
P.S. Make up your own mind , a link to the press conference is here , Cold Fusion Press Conference .
I ask my question around the 28 minute mark .
Aaron
Rowe from wired science blog is now my favorite science journalist , his question is asked at 34:50 minute mark .
In democracies the people get what they want .
In America , we 've always dreamed of owning a house — a 1,500 - square - foot stake in the community .
We demand roots — with a rec room .
So over the past decade our government obligingly delivered a heady brew of monetary policy , tax breaks , and loan guarantees that made home - ownership look too attractive to pass up .
Accordingly , subsidized Americans went on a giddy binge of sometimes irresponsible , sometimes outright fraudulent , house - buying .
Home - ownership rates hit their all - time high — just shy of 70 percent — in late 2004 .
It was intoxicating for a few years there , but ( as you may have noticed ) it ended ugly .
Wall Street , up to its fat neckties in mortgage - based derivatives nobody ever understood , was thrown into total chaos by the housing bubble 's blowout .
With all the calm of a shrieking teen flinging garlic at a movie vampire , Washington heaved hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars at failing financial firms .
Economic growth screeched to a halt and reversed .
The collapsing market value of bungalows and McMansions made Americans feel squeezed and tightfisted .
Consumer spending plunged , sales plunged , profits plunged .
And , predictably , unemployment soared .
And here we are .
More than one hundred thousand Americans have just lost their jobs .
According to psychologists who study happiness , that is the most miserable experience many people will ever endure .
Getting back to work is the best medicine .
For thousands of workers and their families , getting back to work means packing up and heading to a new gig in a new town .
But many will find it difficult even to consider a move .
Because it 's tough to sell a house you could never really afford in a town now bleeding jobs .
Government - subsidized borrowing gave us the housing bubble , precipitated financial Armageddon , helped prompt recession and mass unemployment .
But , as the infomercials say , that 's not all !
By zealously pushing home - ownership , federal housing policy has pinned to the map many now - jobless Americans who otherwise would have moved to find new work .
A recent National Bureau of Economic Research study by economists Fernando Ferreira , Joseph Gyourko , and Joseph Tracy found that homeowners with low or negative equity are much less likely than average to pick up and move .
For reasons both financial ( moving is expensive and everything 's sunk in the house ) and psychological ( people hate selling at a loss ) these homeowners often feel " locked in . "
As unemployment rises , lock - in can leave laid - off workers gasping for air , drawing out the anguish of unemployment and deepening the downturn .
Our economy will eventually revive when capital begins to find its way again to economically productive projects .
That means credit markets need to thaw and resume matching investors to sound investments .
But it also means that so - called " human capital " — the effort , talent , and skill of workers — needs to find its most fruitful uses .
That 's best for each of us , as individual wage - earners , and best for the economy and society as a whole .
The skills of an out - of - work machinist in Ypsilanti might be worth a tidy sum in Omaha .
But that fact can't help him , or the rest of us , if he 's locked in place by his two - and - a - half bath piece of the American Dream .
Successful economies adjust swiftly and dynamically to new information .
Simply put , if we want to stay a rich country , we 've got to learn from our mistakes .
In the end , politics and public policy reflect the broader culture .
The national craving for a room or ten of our own is the bottom - line cause of the housing policies that pushed us past the brink of disaster .
If we 're willing to learn , if we 're going to adjust to our hard - won knowledge , we 'll get rid of home - ownership subsidies altogether .
If we want to mitigate the damage done , the federal government should follow Harvard economist Edward Glaeser 's advice and bring clarity and simplicity to mortgage renegotiation and foreclosure rules , and give some cash to those evicted to help them move on .
But , more importantly , we should pause to reflect on our culture 's eagerness to own .
We should pause to consider the irony of our situation : we subsidized roots and brought upon ourselves a brutal , withering drought .
The Terminator Salvation star says that he ' takes the consequences ' for his infamous on - set rant , but hits out at crew members for recording it
Christian Bale has attempted to explain the on - set outburst that turned him from star of the new Terminator movie into a byword for Hollywood egotism .
Sadly , in so doing , he may only have made things worse .
Now engaged in promoting Terminator Salvation , due for release in the UK on 3 June , Bale told Total Film magazine that he " takes the consequences " for what he did on the film 's set , but criticised crew members for recording the verbal assault on director of photography Shane Hurlbut , claiming it violated an " essential trust " .
" Hey , I did what I did .
I 'm not hiding from that , " Bale said .
" I went overboard .
But there is an essential trust and it's not a tacit one , it 's a verbal one , a spoken one , which is [ that ] every sound guy says , ' We are not only not recording , we 're not even listening . ' "
That Bale has a clear idea of how he expects crew members to behave will be clear to anyone who has heard his nigh - on four - minute - long shouting spree in which Hurlbut was lambasted for walking " a da da da dah " behind Bale while he was " in a scene " .
Bale also has clear ideas about how much on - set activity the general public should be allowed to know about .
In general , it 's not a lot .
" It 's not in anyone 's interest to know that much ... I understand people are interested , I get that they want to hear about it , but to me I look at it as old - school movie magic and with magic you do not reveal your secrets .
" You really make people work to find those secrets and generally you just reveal it to people who are going to join your fucking magic circle and then you know about it .
And you know , for me , I 've never been comfortable with the revealing of those mysteries which I think are wonderful mysteries , " he explained .
Bale will now be hoping that no more wonderful mysteries are exposed in the run-up to the release of the latest instalment in the Terminator franchise .
Not that Bale likes the term franchise either .
" Franchise just sounds so money - minded , " he told Total Film .
" McDonald 's is a franchise . "
He would prefer people to call it the Terminator " mythology " .
• Did Terminator Salvation take Battlestar Galactica as an inspiration ?
CALGARY , Alberta , March 22 ( UPI ) --
An Aryan Guard rally in the Canadian city of Calgary ended with fistfights as angry protesters threw projectiles at the white pride marchers , police say .
The Calgary Herald said three people were arrested during Saturday 's altercation and at least two people required medical attention for head injuries .
The injuries suffered by the unidentified individuals were not serious , while charges against those arrested have yet to be filed .
Advertisement
The conflict began Saturday when nearly 60 Aryan Guard supporters were confronted by more than 400 anti-racism protesters .
Some of the protesters began throwing rocks and other projectiles at the white supremacist group supporters , causing the reported injuries .
A number of fistfights then erupted between the two sides as a strong police presence attempted to end the violence , the Herald said .
The Aryan Guard rally originally had been scheduled to travel through part of Calgary and end at City Hall .
By Jude Sheerin
BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A voyage to fabled Timbuktu in a flying car may sound like a magical childhood fantasy .
But this week a British adventurer will set off from London on an incredible journey through Europe and Africa in a souped - up sand buggy , travelling by road - and air .
With the help of a parachute and a giant fan - motor , Neil Laughton plans to soar over the Pyrenees near Andorra , before taking to the skies again to hop across the 14 - km ( nine - mile ) Straits of Gibraltar .
The ex-SAS officer then aims to fly over the Atlas Mountains in Morocco , above stretches of the Sahara desert and , well , wherever else the road runs out .
But forget Chitty Chitty Bang Bang - this flying machine is based on proven technology .
Touch of a button Designed by a young British inventor , the Skycar enables its driver to pilot the vehicle at the mere touch of a button as though it were a microlite .
The team behind it calls the Skycar the world 's first road legal biofuelled flying car .
Mr Laughton 's destination is the west African country of Mali and its city of Timbuktu , a place which has had a mystical , " middle of nowhere " reputation since the heyday of Victorian exploration .
I thought this would be an interesting challenge ...
Timbuktu is an iconic and quirky destination
Neil Laughton
The daredevil 42 - day expedition will pass 4,000 miles ( 6,400 km ) through France , Spain and Morocco , head into the Sahara by way of Mauritania and Mali , before returning home via Senegal .
He had also hoped to make the 22 mile ( 35 km ) flight across the English Channel , but that plan was vetoed by civil aviation officials .
Even Mr Laughton - who has scaled the highest mountains on seven continents and trekked at the North Pole - admits his latest " boy 's own " adventure is a little eccentric .
" I like variety and thought this would be an interesting challenge , " he told the BBC News website .
" Also Timbuktu is an iconic and quirky destination . "
The father - of - two says his long - suffering wife 's initial reaction to his latest feat of derring - do was " unprintable " , but she is now fully behind the charity mission .
Ultimate boy 's toy
As he prepares to set off from central London on Wednesday morning , Mr Laughton is optimistic the Skycar 's maiden voyage will go smoothly .
SKYCAR IN NUMBERS Weight : 1,000lb ( 480kg ) Engine : Four cylinders , 1,000 cc
Flight range : 185 miles ( 300 km ) Cruising altitude : 2,000 - 3,000 ft ( 600 m - 900 m )
Top speed : 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) airborne ; 110 mph ( 180 km / h ) road Cost : £ 50,000 ( $ 76,000 ) " Clearly the reliability of the car is crucial .
We 're going to have to cope with wind chill temperatures as low as - 30C and blistering heat up to 50C .
But it 's been fully tested at a secret location and it 100 % works . "
With the help of sponsors , the team has invested about £ 250,000 ( $ 380,000 ) developing the vehicle .
The brains behind the two - seater Skycar is 29 - year - old inventor Gilo Cardozo , from Dorset , who will join Mr Laughton as co-pilot for the African leg of the trip .
The self - taught engineer 's Wiltshire - based firm , Parajet , manufactures the industrial paramotors that propel the Skycar once it is airborne .
He has been dreaming of creating a flying car - the ultimate boy 's toy - since childhood .
" The inspiration came from realising we can drive and we can fly , so why can't we do both ?
The problem all along has been the wing technology , which we think we 've cracked with the Skycar , " he said .
Mr Cardozo built and co-piloted the powered paraglider which took British TV survivalist Bear Grylls over the summit of Mount Everest in 2007 .
He plans to sell the Skycar commercially to the public at £ 50,000 per vehicle , if it can prove its mettle on the Timbuktu mission .
' Unsavoury people '
The team is keenly aware , however , it is not just the environment which could prove hostile .
In 2007 the annual Paris - Dakar rally was cancelled amid reported threats from Islamic militants in Mauritania .
Inventor Gilo Cardozo is the brains behind the Skycar Mr Laughton said : " Sadly the political situation in some areas on our route is not good and there are some unsavoury people about so we must be careful . "
On the road , the Skycar takes barely three minutes to convert into an aircraft .
The driver unpacks the special nylon wing from the boot , before unfurling the parachute on the ground to the rear .
The powerful fan 's thrust propels the buggy forward and provides enough wing lift to take off at just 45 mph ( 70 km / h ) , from any " airstrip " longer than 650 ft ( 200 m ) .
Once airborne , the driver uses pedals in the zero- carbon vehicle 's foot well to steer the Skycar by tugging cables that change the wing 's shape .
Should something go wrong , the pilot can launch an emergency parachute , which should allow the buggy to drift safely back to earth .
A convoy of support vehicles will accompany the team every step of the way .
What the nomadic camel caravans of the Sahara will make of the flying machine is anybody 's guess .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It seems like several centuries ago now – but around the time that Gordon Brown took over Labour 's leadership , there was a lot of talk about an end to the clique - based warfare at the top of the party .
" No more Blairites , no more Brownites " said the eternally optimistic Hazel Blears .
" We 're all Labour . "
But look what 's just happened .
No sooner had the Damian McBride story taken over the headlines than such hardened Tony - followers as Alan Milburn and Steven Byers were queuing to get on the radio and TV , and seize the opportunity to have a pop at their old enemies .
Morale among these people is palpably on the up : come Brown 's increasingly inevitable defeat at the next election , there will be a drive to get back to the certainties of the pre-Gordon era .
It speaks volumes that , give or take renewed zeal , for supposed public service " reform " , this wo n't be about any seismic ideological shifts ; the key point is to secure the succession of the right faces : James Purnell , say , rather than Ed Balls .
Meanwhile , debate about the state of the Labour party has become so dried - up and rancorous that you cannot shine light on one faction without a chorus of accusations claiming you 're only doing so at the behest of the other .
Criticise supposed Blairites , and it's axiomatic that you have a Brownite axe to grind ; have a pop at the prime minister and his allies , and you 're doing the work of the restorationists .
It 's happened to me this week .
In Wednesday 's paper , I wrote a piece centred on the selection contest in the South London seat of Erith and Thamesmead , and what it says about Labour 's tin ear for the public mood .
Since then , the odd blog , article and email has offered the opinion that to express unease about what 's been happening there is essentially to do the bidding of Brown 's old henchman Charlie Whelan , so as to secure his favoured candidate the job and thus see off his Blairite enemies .
In this reading of events , you are essentially either on the side of the angels , or an ally - cum - dupe of people with the same brutal mindset as Damian McBride , and the Erith and Thamesmead story is simply just another Blairite / Brownite tussle , with the former cast in the role of victims .
This is so much nonsense .
The piece I wrote centred on 1 ) stories surrounding the use and alleged abuse of postal votes , and 2 ) the damage that may be done to Labour if the job goes to Georgia Gould , the 22 year - old daughter of the New Labour high - up Philip Gould .
Not that the point has been reflected in some of the subsequent comment , but the nub of the latter argument was simple enough : even if you 're a paid - up believer that the Blair premiership represented a shining progressive age , such an apparently nepotistic move – let alone trying to sell a 22 - year - old with a flimsy CV as a credible candidate for parliament – may well cause Labour electoral problems it can ill afford .
While we 're here , it 's worth noting that the BNP is very active in that part of outer London , peddling the idea that Labour is now run by a distant metropolitan elite with no understanding of life at the blunt end .
They are , I 'm sure , watching the Erith and Thamesmead story , and drooling .
Moreover , subsequent developments have proved that unease about what 's going on defies any attempt to characterise it as orchestrated mischief .
John Austin , the sitting MP , is no Brownite bag - carrier or Whelan - stooge , and he's just announced that he 's writing to Labour 's general secretary to demand an official investigation into the postal - vote allegations , as well as registering a complaint about a local appearance by Tessa Jowell .
Neither do I count the Daily Telegraph as a slavish mouthpiece of the Brownites and their allies in the trade unions , but they 've run stories this week on both Erith and Thamesmead , and allegedly rum doings in the Northern seat of Calder Valley .
But here 's the really crucial point .
Back in the mid 1990s , both sides of New Labour 's broken marriage co-operated in the capture of the Labour party , and its subsequent running along the most emasculated lines .
They both briefed for England – and if the Brown camp 's whispers seemed more poisonous , that was at least partly because they were usually on the back foot ( there again , remember the once - ubiquitous charge that Brown was " psychologically flawed " ) .
As proved by such well - worn stories as the pre-2005 fiasco in the Welsh seat of Blaenau Gwent , both sides are well - versed in the art of stitch - ups , which go on – and are arguably getting worse .
Take note : in very varied parts of the country and in settings that run much wider than selection contests , there are current allegations of Labour fixes that seem to point up one thing in particular : that as their power ebbs away , both high - up cliques are getting very panicky indeed .
As ever , what remains of the Labour membership – let alone what academics call civil society – remains something to be feared and held in check ; what matters is the preservation of power in the hands of people who number no more than a few hundred .
If the Labour party is going to revive itself – indeed , if it's to survive – to imagine that a switch - back from one arrogant cabal to another is the key to its future is essentially to seal its fate .
To paraphrase the old Socialist Workers party strap - line , what Labour needs now is neither Brownism nor Blairism , but what used to be called ( and this may seem quaint , but what the hell ) democratic socialism , with renewed emphasis on the ' d ' word .
Remember that ?
When working with large test suites , using procedural tests for object - oriented code becomes clumsy after a while .
This is where Test : : Class really shines .
Unfortunately , many programmers struggle to learn this module or do n't use its full power .
Please note that article assumes a basic familiarity with object - oriented Perl and testing .
Also , some of these classes are not " proper " by the standards of many OO programmers ( your author included ) , but have been written for clarity rather than purity .
This article uses the following modules and versions :
You may use lower versions of these modules ( and write the OO by hand instead of using Moose ) , but be aware that you may see slightly different behavior .
I 've omitted this from the examples .
I 've also omitted use strict and use warnings , but assume they are there ( they 're automatically used when you use Moose ) .
The code will , however , run just fine without this .
I did this merely to focus on the core features of the code in question .
Of course , you may need to adjust the shebang line ( #!/usr/bin/env perl - T ) for your system .
There are many paths programmers take in their development , but a typical one seems to be :
Start writing simple procedural programs .
Start writing modules to reuse code .
Start using objects for more powerful abstractions .
Start writing tests .
While it would be nice if people started writing tests from day 1 , most programmers do n't .
When they do , they 're often straight - forward procedural tests like :
#!/usr/bin/env perl - T use strict ; use warnings ; use Test :: More tests => 3 ; use_ok ' List : : Util ' , ' sum ' or die ; ok defined &sum , ' sum ( ) should be exported to our namespace ' ; is sum ( 1,2,3 ) , 6 , '... and it should sum lists correctly ' ;
There 's nothing wrong with procedural tests .
They 're great for non-OO code .
For most projects , they handle everything you need to do .
If you download most modules off the CPAN you 'll generally find their tests -- if they have them -- procedural in style .
However , when you start to work with larger code bases , a t/ directory with 317 test scripts starts to get tedious .
Where is the test you need ?
Trying to memorize all of your test names and grepping through your tests to find out which ones test the code you 're working with becomes tedious .
That 's where Adrian Howard 's Test : : Class can help .
Using Test :: Class
Creating a simple test class
I 'm a huge " dive right in " fan , so I 'll now skip a lot of the theory and show how things work .
Though I often use test - driven development ( TDD ) , I 'll reverse the process here to show explicitly what I 'm testing .
Also , Test : : Class has quite a number of different features , not all of which I 'm going to explain here .
See the documentation for more information .
First , create a very simple Person class .
Because I do n't like writing out simple methods over and over , I used Moose to automate a lot of the grunt work .
package Person ; use Moose ; has first_name => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Str ' ) ; has last_name => ( is => 'rw ' , isa => ' Str ' ) ; sub full_name { my $ self = shift ; return $ self -> first_name . ' ' . $ self -> last_name ; } 1 ;
This provides a constructor and first_name , last_name , and full_name methods .
Now write a simple Test : : Class program for it .
The first bit of work is to find a place to put the tests .
To avoid namespace collisions , choose your package name carefully .
I like prepending my test classes with Test : : to ensure that we have no ambiguity .
In this case , I 've put my Test : : Class tests in t/tests / and named this first class Test :: Person .
Assume the directory structure :
lib / lib/ Person.pm t/ t/tests / t/tests / Test t/tests/Test/Person.pm
The actual test class might start out like :
package Test :: Person ; use Test :: Most ; use base ' Test : : Class ' ; sub class { ' Person ' } sub startup : Tests ( startup =>
1 ) { my $ test = shift ; use_ok $ test -> class ; } sub constructor : Tests ( 3 ) { my $ test = shift ; my $ class = $ test - > class ; can_ok $ class , ' new ' ; ok my $ person = $ class -> new , '... and the constructor should succeed ' ; isa_ok $ person , $ class , '... and the object it returns ' ; } 1 ;
Note : this code uses Test :: Most instead of Test :: More to take advantage of Test :: Most features later .
Also , those methods should really be ro ( read - only ) because the code makes it possible to leave the object in an inconsistent state .
This is part of what I meant about " proper " OO code , but again , I wrote this code for illustration purposes only .
Before I explain all of that , run this test .
Add this program as t/run.t :
#!/usr/bin/env perl - T use lib ' t / tests ' ; use Test :: Person ; Test :: Class ->runtests ;
This little program sets the path to the test classes , loads them , and runs the tests .
Now you can run that with the prove utility :
$ prove - lv -- merge t/run.t
Tip :
The -- merge tells prove to merge STDOUT and STDERR .
This avoids synchronization problems that happen when STDERR is not always output in synchronization with STDOUT .
Do n't use this unless you 're running your tests in verbose mode ; it sends failure diagnostics to STDOUT .
TAP :: Harness discards STDOUT lines beginning with # unless running in verbose mode .
You will see output similar to :
t /run.t .. 1..4 ok 1 - use Person ; # # Test :: Person->constructor ok 2 - Person -> can ( ' new ' ) ok 3 - ... and the constructor should succeed ok 4 - ... and the object it returns isa Person ok All tests successful .
Files=1 , Tests=4 , 0 wallclock secs ( 0.03 usr 0.00 sys + 0.43 cusr 0.02 csys = 0.48 CPU ) Result : PASS
Note that the test output ( named the " Test Anything Protocol " , or " TAP " , if you 're curious ) for the constructor method begins with the diagnostic line :
# Test :: Person->constructor
That occurs before every test method 's output and makes it very easy to find which tests failed .
Look more closely at the test file to see what 's happening :
01 : package Test :: Person ; 02 : 03 : use Test :: Most ; 04 : use base ' Test : : Class ' ; 05 : 06 : sub class { ' Person ' } 07 : 08 : sub startup : Tests ( startup =>
1 ) { 09 : my $ test = shift ; 10 : use_ok $ test ->class ; 11 : } 12 : 13 : sub constructor : Tests ( 3 ) { 14 : my $ test = shift ; 15 : my $ class = $ test -> class ; 16 : can_ok $ class , ' new ' ; 17 : ok my $ person = $ class -> new , 18 : '... and the constructor should succeed ' ; 19 : isa_ok $ person , $ class , '... and the object it returns ' ; 20 : } 21 : 22 : 1 ;
Lines 1 through 4 are straightforward .
Line 4 makes this class inherit from Test : : Class ; and that 's what makes all of this work .
Line 6 defines a class method which the tests will use to know which class they 're testing .
It 's very important to do this rather than hard - coding the class name in our test methods .
That 's good OO practice in general ; it will help you later .
The startup method has an attribute , Tests with has the arguments startup and 1 .
Any method labeled as a startup method will run once before any of the other methods run .
The 1 ( one ) in the attribute says " this method runs one test " .
If you do n't run any tests in your startup method , omit this number :
sub load_db : Tests ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test -> _create_database ; } sub _create_database { ... }
Tip : as you can see from the code above , you do n't need to name the startup method startup .
I recommend you give it the same name as the attribute for reasons discussed later .
That will run once and only once for each test class .
Because the _create_database method has no have any attributes , you may safely call it and Test : : Class will not try to run it as a test .
Of course , there 's a corresponding shutdown available :
sub shutdown_db : Tests ( shutdown ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_shutdown_database ; }
These two attributes allow you to set up and tear down a pristine testing environment for every test class without worrying that other test classes will interfere with the current tests .
Of course , this means that tests may not be able to run in parallel .
Though there are ways around that , they 're beyond the scope of this article .
As mentioned , the startup method has a second argument which tells Test : : Class that it runs one test .
This is strictly optional .
Here we use it to safely test that we can load our Person class .
As an added feature , if Test : : Class detects that the startup test failed ( or if it catches an exception ) , it assumes that there 's no point in running the rest of the tests , so it skips the remaining tests for the class .
Tip :
Do n't run tests in your startup method ; I 'm doing so only to simplify this example .
I 'll explain why in a bit .
For now , it 's better to write :
sub startup : Tests ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; my $ class = $ test - > class ; eval " use $ class " ; die $@ if $ @ ; }
Take a closer look at the constructor method .
13 : sub constructor : Tests ( 3 ) { 14 : my $ test = shift ; 15 : my $ class = $ test -> class ; 16 : can_ok $ class , ' new ' ; 17 : ok my $ person = $ class -> new , 18 : '... and the constructor should succeed ' ; 19 : isa_ok $ person , $ class , '... and the object it returns ' ; 20 : }
Tip : I did not name the constructor tests new because that 's a Test : : Class method and overriding it will cause the tests to break .
The Tests attribute lists the number of tests as 3 .
If you do n't know how many tests you 're going to have , use no_plan .
sub constructor : Tests ( no_plan ) { ... }
As a short - cut , omitting arguments to the attribute will also mean no_plan :
sub constructor : Tests { ... }
The my $ test = shift line is equivalent to my $ self = shift .
I 've like to rename $ self to $ test in my test classes , but that 's merely a matter of personal preference .
The $ test object is an empty hashref .
This allows you to stash data there , if needed .
For example :
sub startup : Tests ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; my $ pid = $ test -> _start_process or die " Could not start process : $ ? " ; $ test -> {pid} = $ pid ; } sub run : Tests ( no_plan ) { my $ test = shift ; my $ process = $ test->_get_process ( $test -> {pid} ) ; ... }
The rest of the test method is self - explanatory if you 're familiar with Test : : More .
The test class also had first_name , last_name , and full_name , so write those tests .
When you 're in " development mode " , it 's safe to leave these tests as no_plan , but do n't forget to set the number of tests when you 're done .
sub first_name : Tests { my $ test = shift ; my $ person = $ test -> class - > new ; can_ok $ person , ' first_name ' ; ok ! defined $ person -> first_name , '... and first_name should start out undefined ' ; $ person -> first_name ( ' John ' ) ; is $ person -> first_name , ' John ' , '... and setting its value should succeed ' ; } sub last_name :
Tests { my $ test = shift ; my $ person = $ test -> class - > new ; can_ok $ person , ' last_name ' ; ok ! defined $ person -> last_name , '... and last_name should start out undefined ' ; $ person -> last_name ( ' Public ' ) ; is $ person -> last_name , ' Public ' , '... and setting its value should succeed ' ; } sub full_name :
Tests { my $ test = shift ; my $ person = $ test -> class - > new ; can_ok $ person , ' full_name ' ; ok ! defined $ person -> full_name , '... and full_name should start out undefined ' ; $ person -> first_name ( ' John ' ) ; $ person -> last_name ( ' Public ' ) ; is $ person -> full_name , ' John Public ' , '... and setting its value should succeed ' ; }
Tip : when possible , name your test methods after the method they 're testing .
This makes finding them much easier .
You can even write editor tools to automatically jump to them .
Not all test methods will fit this pattern , but many will .
The first_name and last_name tests can probably have common elements factored out , but for now they 're fine .
Now see what happens when you run this ( warnings omitted ) :
t /run.t .. ok 1 - use Person ; # # Test :: Person->constructor ok 2 - Person -> can ( ' new ' ) ok 3 - ... and the constructor should succeed ok 4 - ... and the object it returns isa Person # # Test :: Person-> first_name ok 5 - Person -> can ( ' first_name ' ) ok 6 - ... and first_name should start out undefined ok 7 - ... and setting its value should succeed # # Test :: Person-> full_name ok 8 - Person -> can ( ' full_name ' ) not ok 9 - ... and full_name should start out undefined # Failed test '... and full_name should start out undefined ' # at t/tests / Test / Person.pm line 48 . # ( in Test : : Person-> full_name ) ok 10 - ... and setting its value should succeed # # Test :: Person->last_name ok 11 - Person -> can ( ' last_name ' ) ok 12 - ... and last_name should start out undefined ok 13 - ... and setting its value should succeed 1..13 # Looks like you failed 1 test of 13 .
Dubious , test returned 1 ( wstat 256 , 0x100 ) Failed 1/13 subtests Test Summary Report ------------------- t/run.t ( Wstat : 256 Tests : 13 Failed : 1 ) Failed test : 9 Non-zero exit status : 1 Files=1 , Tests=13 , 0 wallclock secs ( 0.03 usr 0.00 sys + 0.42 cusr 0.02 csys = 0.47 CPU ) Result : FAIL
Uh oh .
You can see that full_name is n't behaving the way the tests expect .
Suppose that you want to croak if either the first or last name is not set .
To keep this simple , assume that neither first_name nor last_name may be set to a false value .
sub full_name { my $ self = shift ; unless ( $ self -> first_name && $ self -> last_name ) { Carp : : croak ( " Both first and last names must be set " ) ; } return $ self -> first_name . ' ' . $ self -> last_name ; }
That should be pretty clear .
Look at the new test now .
Use the throws_ok test from Test : : Exception to test the Carp : : croak ( ) .
Using Test :: Most instead of Test :: More makes this test function available without explicitly using Test : : Exception .
sub full_name : Tests ( no_plan ) { my $ test = shift ; my $ person = $ test -> class - > new ; can_ok $ person , ' full_name ' ; throws_ok { $ person -> full_name } qr/^Both first and last names must be set / , '... and full_name ( ) should croak ( ) if the either name is not set ' ; $ person -> first_name ( ' John ' ) ; throws_ok { $ person -> full_name } qr/^Both first and last names must be set / , '... and full_name ( ) should croak ( ) if the either name is not set ' ; $ person -> last_name ( ' Public ' ) ; is $ person -> full_name , ' John Public ' , '... and setting its value should succeed ' ; }
Now all of the tests pass and you can go back and set the test plan numbers , if desired :
All tests successful .
Files=1 , Tests=14 , 0 wallclock secs ( 0.03 usr 0.00 sys + 0.47 cusr 0.02 csys = 0.52 CPU ) Result : PASS
The next article , Reusing Test Code with Test : : Class shows how to inherit from test classes -- and how to refactor test classes !
Zhao Liang is seeking official recognition as the world 's tallest man
A new contender for world 's tallest man has been discovered in China , after he attended hospital for surgery .
Zhao Liang was measured at 2.46 m ( just under 8 ft 1in ) by doctors in Tianjin , where the ex-basketball player was being treated for a foot injury .
It puts him 10 cm ( 3.9in ) above the official title - holder , Chinese citizen Bao Xishun , who was first recognised by Guinness World Records in 2005 .
Mr Zhao , 27 , is now seeking official recognition of his huge stature .
Until Mr Zhao is independently measured by judges from the Guinness team , he cannot be officially considered the world 's tallest man .
The current holder , 57 - year - old Bao Xishun , stands at 2.36 m ( 7ft 8.95 in ) tall .
Zhao Liang 's career in his home province of Henan was cut short when he injured his foot a decade ago , state media reported .
He was unemployed until 2006 , when he started working with a street art troupe and learned to perform magic tricks and play instruments , according to Xinhua news agency .
But the 27 - year - old caused a new stir when he walked into the Tianjin hospital , and staff there took his measurements .
Doctors also performed an operation on his foot and said he should make a full recovery within two months .
Mr Zhao does not reportedly suffer any health complications related to his height .
However his parents - who are of average height - have other concerns .
" I am so worried about his marriage , job and his health that my hair has turned white , " his mother , Wang Keyun , told Xinhua .
Footage of a Fedex cargo plane crashing at Narita Airport in Tokyo shows the plane bouncing several times before flipping over and bursting into flames .
The MD - 11 aircraft , Flight 80 from Guangzhou , China , was apparently whipped back up by strong winds while attempting to land at around 6:50 a.m.
Monday local time , according to Japanese police .
Winds in the area were reported to be blowing at 72 kms / hour ( 45 miles / hr ) at the time of the crash .
Both the pilot , and co-pilot are believed to have been killed on impact .
Here ’s the Fedex crash footage :
It is heard that Jaguar is putting the final touches on 2011 XJ sedan , its immensely revised car .
The styling is said to be done taking XF sedan as a base .
Its spy shots and concept photos have been published in British publication Car .
The new XJ will be noticeably different in appearance with having an engineering base of today ’s all aluminum XJ chassis , which was designed with subtlety .
This engineered chassis was introduced in the 2004 model .
The car took its inspiration from a sedan copying coupe Ian Callum penned XF , and looks like another interchangeable luxury sedan .
Also told by sources , the new XJ design look as a heavy crossbreed of Aston Martin Rapide and Bentley Continental GT .
Jaguar 2011 XJ ’s the project code name is X351 .
One of the workers of the project told that the car is being anxiously awaited by the people .
The car ’s body i.e. the hardware has been modified more than other aspects .
The car is coming with additional braces support for the new front and rear sub frames .
A support for the rear sub frames was needed because of the improved derivatives that have a large number of attachment points than the current edition of the car .
As per size , the 2011 XJ is coming in same size and also has the same wheelbase as the current version of car .
It is a 503 - hp high powered 5.0 - liter V8 in the XJR .
In other engines , there is naturally aspirated 385 - hp 5.0 - liter V8 included and its entry level speculated as 310 - hp 4.2 - liter V8 .
1
The Structure of Steel
In opening Chapter 7 , we said that one of the properties of a metal was a crystalline structure .
This means simply
that the atoms in the solid are arranged in regular , repeating patterns .
The smallest group of atoms which defines
the atomic arrangement in a crystal is termed a crystal lattice .
Many different lattice structures are recognized .
In
pure iron , however , there are only two forms , one called the body - centered cube , the other called the face - centered
cube .
They can be represented like this :
In a liquid , there is no lattice pattern .
All the atoms of the liquid are in constant , irregular motion .
When the liquid
has been cooled to its freezing temperature , crystals start to form .
In the case of pure iron , at a temperature of
1530 0 C , something causes nine atoms to get together in the shape of a body - centered cube ( one atom at each
corner and one in the center ) and other atoms then start to repeat the pattern around the cube .
Hundreds of
crystals start growing at about the same time .
However , because each atom must give up its energy of motion as it
joins a crystal , freezing cannot take place instantaneously .
The mass of liquid must pass that surplus energy on to
its surroundings , and that takes time .
While that energy is being lost , competitive growth among the many crystals
is taking place .
Thus , when freezing is complete , and every atom of liquid has become part of a crystal , the crystals
themselves are not arranged in any kind of an over - all pattern .
Let pure iron freeze and cool , then cut it , polish and
etch a cut surface , and examine that cut surface with a microscope .
We can then make out an irregular collection
of what are termed grains .
Each grain is essentially a single crystal .
Continued on next page ...
Face Centered
( 14 atoms )
Body Centered
( 9 atoms )
Update : On 13 May 2013 the MAG Corps informed B'Tselem that the investigation file had been closed .
The grounds for closing the case were not given .
Sharif Abu Hayah , farmer
Last Wednesday [ 28 January ] , around 9:30 A.M. , I was grazing my flock of twelve sheep in the area of Dhaher Jubara , about two kilometers west of our village .
Suddenly , I saw six soldiers .
They must have been hiding between the boulders .
They looked young and their faces were painted black .
They spoke Hebrew among themselves , and I did n't understand what they were saying .
They came over to me , and the sheep ran away .
I tried to gather the sheep , to show the soldiers I was n't afraid of them .
The soldiers attacked me all at once .
Some of them grabbed my hands and others grabbed my legs .
They knocked me down .
I thought they were going to kill me , so I tried to resist .
There was no one else around .
They hit and kicked me .
They tied my hands behind my back with plastic cuffs and laid me on the ground , on my back .
Then they blindfolded me with a piece of cloth .
I could n't see a thing .
I shouted at them , “ What do you want from me ?
What did I do to you ?
Leave me alone ! ”
They punched and kicked me even harder than before .
One of them sat on my legs and others punched me in the face .
I shouted , again and again , “ What did I do to you ?
Why are you beating me ? ”
One of the said to me , in poor Arabic , “ Shut up , shut up . ”
After a few minutes , they dragged me about thirty meters away .
I got injured by rocks and cut by thorns as they dragged me .
The cuffs got tighter and hurt a lot .
Video filmed by the Pal - Media TV agency , showing soldiers cutting the blindfold off Abu Hayah and walking him over to the waiting medical team , who were not allowed to approach him .
Then they made fun of me .
They laid me down and beat me one after the other .
Every time my blindfold moved a bit , one of them put it back in place .
Somebody covered my mouth with a strip of cloth .
He shoved some twigs , or something like that , into my mouth .
I turned my face and tried to get rid of the twigs with my teeth , but he hurt me with the twigs .
They continued doing this for about an hour .
Then they beat me less .
From time to time , I cried out in pain from the blows and the cuffs .
I said : “ Please release me .
My hands are numb . ”
Only one of them spoke .
He said , “ Quiet , quiet . ”
Somebody pressed my mouth , which was still covered with cloth .
I heard people moving around , but did n't know what was happening .
About an hour after this , I heard somebody shout in Arabic , “ Get out of here , get out of here . ”
I thought it was somebody from the village who was trying to help me .
I was still lying on my back , on rocks and thorns , and I was bound .
I felt nauseous .
I could n't feel my hands at all .
Half an hour or so later , a soldier removed the blindfold , put me in a sitting position , and cut the cuffs .
It was about noon .
I felt better with my hands free , but I was still terribly nauseous , as if I was about to faint .
I saw about eighteen soldiers around me .
Two of them grabbed my hands to pull me up .
They took me down from the mountain , toward the road .
They led me about ten or twenty meters , and then three or four Palestinian paramedics came .
They laid me on a stretcher and carried me about one hundred and fifty meters to the road .
I later learned that passersby who had seen what the soldiers were doing to me had called for help .
Sharif ' Abd a - Rahman Dar Abu Hayah , 66 , married with two wives , is a farmer and a resident of Khirbet Abu Falah in Ramallah District .
His testimony was given to Iyad Hadad at the witness 's house on 3 February 2009 .
The code , licensed by Silicon Graphics ( SGI ) , was distributed under the SGI Free License B and the GLX Public License .
These licenses , although permissive , contained three sets of terms which created significant burdens for all users and developers and a particular problem for the free software community because they made the code non-free ( see the Free Software Definition at http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html).
The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) Free Software Compliance Lab's Brett Smith explained , " We discovered that these licenses covered contributions that SGI had made to the X.
Org Project and the Mesa 3D Graphics Library .
These projects , including SGI 's code , are an important and familiar part of modern GNU / Linux desktop systems .
The FSF Compliance Lab then worked with SGI towards today 's announcement . "
You can read SGI 's press release here :
http://www.sgi.com/company_info/newsroom/press_releases/2008/september/opengl.html
Steve Neuner of SGI said , " SGI has been one of the most ardent commercial supporters of free and open source software , so it was important to us that we continue to support the free software development community by releasing our earlier OpenGL - related contributions under this new license .
This license ensures that all existing user communities will benefit , and their work can proceed unimpeded .
Both Mesa and the X.org Project can continue to utilize this code in free software distributions of GNU / Linux .
Now more than ever , software previously released by SGI under earlier GLX and SGI Free Software License B is free . "
Welcoming today 's announcement , Peter Brown , FSF executive director , said , " We could n't be happier with this decision , and we 're very grateful to SGI for all their assistance .
The FSF is committed to ensuring that everyone 's computing tasks can be done with free software and this SGI code plays an important role in scientific and design applications and in the latest desktop environments and games . "
Still , there are a few legal loose ends that need to be tied up before GNU / Linux distributions can utilize all the code base in freedom .
Brett Smith explained , " There are a few other copyright holders that I 'm working with to resolve their licensing issues and I 'm confident that fully free distributions like gNewSense will soon be able to utilize all of this code . "
The FSF will be releasing further information early next week .
In addition to thanking SGI for this major contribution , the FSF would like to thank the OpenBSD community for alerting the FSF to the problem .
Media Contacts
Peter Brown
Free Software Foundation
+1 ( 617 ) 542 5942
< campaigns@fsf.org >
Binary diff / patch utility
These programs were originally named bdiff and bpatch , but the large number of other programs using those names lead to confusion ; I 'm not sure if the " bs " in refers to " binary software " ( because bsdiff produces exceptionally small patches for executable files ) or " bytewise subtraction " ( which is the key to how well it performs ) .
Feel free to offer other suggestions .
bsdiff and bspatch use bzip2 ; by default they assume it is in /usr / bin .
bsdiff is quite memory - hungry .
It requires max ( 17 * n,9*n+m ) + O( 1 ) bytes of memory , where n is the size of the old file and m is the size of the new file .
bspatch requires n+m+ O( 1 ) bytes .
bsdiff runs in O ( ( n+m ) log n ) time ; on a 200MHz Pentium Pro , building a binary patch for a 4MB file takes about 90 seconds .
bspatch runs in O ( n+m ) time ; on the same machine , applying that patch takes about two seconds .
Providing that off_t is defined properly , bsdiff and bspatch support files of up to 2^ 61 - 1 = 2 Ei - 1 bytes .
Version 4.3 is available here with MD5 hash e6d812394f0e0ecc8d5df255aa1db22a.
Version 4.2 is available in the FreeBSD , NetBSD , and OpenBSD ports trees as misc / bsdiff , in Darwinports as devel / bsdiff , and in gentoo as dev-util / bsdiff .
It has also been made into a Python extension module .
The algorithm used by BSDiff 4 is described in my ( unpublished ) paper Naive differences of executable code ; please cite this in papers as
Colin Percival , Naive differences of executable code , http://www.daemonology.net/bsdiff/ , 2003 .
A far more sophisticated algorithm , which typically provides roughly 20 % smaller patches , is described in my doctoral thesis .
Looks like that Bluetooth chip in the iPod touch 2G we 've always thought was for Nike + suddenly got a lot more useful : Apple 's Greg Joswiak said that Bluetooth can be " unlocked " on the device during the iPhone OS 3.0 Q&A session .
That 's two years of rumors put to rest , right there , and a solid move , seeing as three of the major 3.0 features are A2DP , wireless accessory control and peer - to - peer connections over Bluetooth .
Any touch owners feeling more inclined to drop the $ 9.95 now ?
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Movie / game tie-ins are as old as the original NES and , as a booming gaming platform , the iPhone / iPod touch are no less susceptible to this continuing trend .
To that end , here ’s a listing of games for your touch device that are based on a movie ( Note : All links go to the App Store ) .
The Dark Knight : Batmobile Game ( 99 cents )
“ How fast can you get Batman through Gotham City ? ”
Tilt your touch device to avoid obstacles and gain speed for jumps .
Disney Fairies Fly ! ( $ 4.99 )
Based on the Tinker Bell movie , Disney ’s Fairies Fly lets you play as one of six fairy characters through five levels of gameplay .
Using the accelerometer , you dodge obstacles and collect power - ups to progress to the next stage .
Fast and Furious : Pink Slip ( $ 2.99 )
Use the motion sensor to steer your car in one of four different types of races .
Then , challenge others online to win their rides .
Thirty - two cars to win in 32 challenging races .
Iron Man : Aerial Assault ( 99 cents )
Guide Iron
Man through the skies as you use his high - tech arsenal to battle enemies .
Lightsaber Unleashed ( Free )
Swing your touch device around to emulate lightsaber sound effects .
Choose a Force Unleashed character of your choosing ( or create your own ) and play along to some dueling music .
Saturday Night Fever : Dance / Lite ( 99 cents / Free )
Tap and slide to perform hundreds of dance moves to disco classics such as “ YMCA ” and “ Car Wash . ”
Choose from two playable characters and a multi-player mode on a single device .
School of Rock ( 99 cents )
Learn rock ‘ n ’ roll music theory , test your knowledge in the trivia section , then rock along to classic tracks by bands such as Lynyrd Skynyrd , and the Scorpions , or to songs in your music library .
Shooter – The Official Movie Game ( $ 1.99 )
Choose from a large arsenal of weapons and equipment in over 30 levels of gameplay taking out enemies as Sgt. Bob Lee Swagger in this first person shooter .
Spongebob ’s Atlantis Treasure ( $ 3.99 )
Play through five themed levels in this match three or more puzzle game based on your favorite pants - wearing sponge .
Star Wars : The Force Unleashed / Lite ( $ 5.99 / Free )
Use the force as you tap , touch , and swipe your way through the foes of Darth Vader ’s secret apprentice .
Star Wars Sound Board ( 99 cents )
Choose from sixteen unmistakable Star Wars sound effects , from Darth Vader ’s breathing to Obi-Wan ’s “ May the force be with you . ”
Underworld Game ( Free )
Play as either a Vampire or Lycan in this head - to - head fighting game .
Choose between three levels ( the Woods , Castles , or Catacombs ) in three modes of difficulty .
Watchmen : Justice is Coming ( 99 cents )
Team up and fight other players in this turn - based RPG based off the recently released Watchmen movie .
This page is an extension of the talk presented at :
Index : The Discovery | The Plants | The Proof | Buildings & Climate Change | The Future
The Discovery :
With only three varieties of plants , we can “ grow our own fresh air ” indoors , to keep us healthy .
Join the GreenSpaces Challenge *
A conservation community working to reduce the impact of buildings on the environment .
A conservation community working to reduce the impact of buildings on the environment .
Which are these plants ?
1. Areca Palm ( Chrysalidocarpus lutescens )
Works well in the day time
Great for living areas
One needs about 4 shoulder high plants / person
Needs to be put outdoors once every 3 - 4 months
The leaves of the plant need to be wiped everyday in Delhi and perhaps once a month in a cleaner city
The soil used should be of vermi manure or use hydroponics 2 . Mother - in - law ’s Tongue ( Sansevieria trifasciata ) Converts CO2 into O2 at night
One requires about 6 - 8 such waist high plants per person in the bedroom
Leaves need to be wiped in the same way as the Areca Palm
The soil used should be of vermi manure or use hydroponics 3 . Money Plant ( Epipremnum aureum ) Excellent for removing Formaldehyde and other VOC’s
Best grown using hydroponics
How do we know this works ?
We have tried and tested these plants for 15 years at Paharpur Business Centre and Software Technology Incubator Park ( PBC ™ – STIP ) in New Delhi , India .
It is a 20 year old , 50,000 ft2 building , with over 1,200 plants for 300 building occupants .
PBC ™ – STIP is rated the healthiest building in Delhi by the Government of India . *
Their study found that there is a 42 % probability of increasing blood oxygen by 1 % if one is inside the building for 10 hours .
Also , compared to other buildings in Delhi , the incidence of eye irritation reduced by 52 % , lower respiratory symptoms by 34 % , headaches by 24 % , upper respiratory symptoms by 20 % , lung impairment by 10 - 12 % and Asthma by 9 % .
As a result of fewer sick days — employee productivity also increased .
* Study published on September 8 , 2008 by The Govt. of India , Central Pollution Control Board and Chittaranjan National Cancer Institute , Kolkata , India
We conducted another experiment and sealed all fresh air and exhaust from the building for 6 weeks and found that that the air quality inside the building was better than outdoors .
We saved over 15 % in energy costs as we did not have to inject 15 - 20 cfm of fresh air in to the building as suggested by ASHRAE – an industry standard .
Our experience points to an amazing increase in human productivity resulting from using these plants to be > 20 % , and energy costs to reduce by an extraordinary > 15 % .
You can check on today ’s indoor air quality at http://www.pbcnet.com
Buildings and Climate Change
World energy demand is expected to grow by 30 % in the next decade .
Buildings consume 40 % of the world ’s energy .*
In another 15 years , more than 60 % of the world ’s population will be living in cities of over 1 million inhabitants .
There is a growing trend of having air - conditioned living and working areas , resulting in the increased need for fresh air which needs to be heated or cooled .
ASHRAE rules require 15 - 20 cfm of fresh air per person for a healthy non-smoking building .
By “ growing ” fresh air indoors we can reduce the supply of external fresh air needed by air - conditioned buildings , while still meeting industry standards ( ASHRAE ) for healthy indoor air .
By reducing the supply of external fresh air , we achieve significant reduction in energy needed for heating and cooling buildings .
* source : United Nations Environment Program , March 2007
The Future – GreenSpaces :
We ’re now replicating this concept in a much larger 1.75 million ft2 building .
We intend to use over 60,000 indoor plants !
GreenSpaces has a very eminent Hon. Advisory Board of 13 members and has a large number of Fortune 500 firms as its Technology Partners including General Electric , Carrier , Otis , IBM , ITT , and others .
What is TED ?
TED , which stands for “ Technology , Entertainment , Design , ” is an annual conference attended by many of the world ’s leading scientists , academics and business leaders .
The agenda consists of a series of “ talks , ” during which big thinkers discuss big ideas .
Clever children are saving themselves from being branded swots at school by dumbing down and deliberately falling behind , a study has shown .
Schoolchildren regarded as boffins may be attacked and shunned by their peers , according to Becky Francis , professor of education at Roehampton University , who carried out a study of academically gifted 12 - and 13 - year - olds in nine state secondary schools .
The study , to be published in the Sociological Review next year , shows how difficult it is for children , particularly boys , to be clever and popular .
Boys risk being assaulted in some schools for being high - achievers .
To conform and escape alienation , clever boys told researchers they may " try to fall behind " or " dumb down " .
One boy told researchers : " It is harder to be popular and intelligent .
If the subject comes naturally ... then I think it makes it easier .
But if the subject does n't come naturally , they work hard and other people see that and then you get the name - calling . "
This may in part explain boys ' perceived underachievement , Francis said .
Clever girls , meanwhile , can be seen as less attractive and less popular in some schools than girls who manage average grades .
One girl told the researchers : " My friends are all really nice people and have [ a ] really good sense of humour , and they 're all really pretty and stuff , but because they do well in school they 're not popular . "
But clever girls were , on the whole , under less pressure to fall behind deliberately .
What counts as a swot varies from school to school , but the threshold for what is constituted " boffin behaviour " tended to be lower at poorer - performing schools .
• This article was amended on Monday 30 March 2009 .
The study we refer to has not been published yet ; it is due for publication next year .
This has been corrected .
With the world as it now presents itself , there is something perverse , and probably dysfunctional , about a person who stays in the same house for 40 years .
What about the expanding family syndrome , the school - lottery migration , the property portfolio neurosis ?
Have you no imagination ?
Do n't you feel that incremental slide , familiar to anyone dull enough to have slept under one roof for more than six months , into life - change anxiety ?
We know the symptoms so well .
Sirens , drills , helicopters sweeping low with blades set for maximum acoustic impact : crack up .
Crisis .
Urban regeneration is a perpetual , self - renewing process ; as soon as a five - storey development is nearing completion , it is revised into a 20 - storey monolith .
The catalogue of annoyances , sending inner-city dwellers away on their travels , is universal .
Road rage before you fight your way out of Tesco 's car park .
Caught on camera doing 37 mph down a deserted Mile End Road at 6 am : with the generous offer of a £ 90 speed awareness course instead of points on your licence .
The thief who hoists the laptop while you are waiting for the carpenter to put the shattered door back on its hinges .
Any reasonable Hackney incomer would say that there were enough final straws , in this demented territory , to stack a meadow of Monet haystacks .
But , like the generations of chewing gum in the ridges of my worn - down trainers , I stuck .
The house on Albion Drive in newly fashionable E8 ( written up in the colour magazines just in time for the crash ) was under the shadow of a compulsory purchase order when we bought it in 1968 .
Property ownership back then was unthinkable ; my career was a procession of black bags and rented Streatham rooms with Polish landladies .
I crept up the Northern Line from south London to Belsize Park and Hampstead .
Shared bathrooms .
Question marks of curly hair in pink soap .
Then I lurched deliriously off - piste for a weekend in Hackney that stretched into decades of affectionate , exasperated sleepwalking .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The friends from the communal house where we first lodged came into a windfall inheritance and were plotting to take possession of a small piece of London .
Should we follow their inspiration ?
The first house I looked at was the right one , cast - iron stairs descending from a first - floor kitchen into a narrow strip of garden , waist - high grass .
There was a dim recognition , at once , that this was the place to be ; for that one - off experiment , a life .
Taking possession of a Hackney house was an uneasy karma .
We accepted the first two or three burglaries as a deserved toll , the price of our invasion .
Even the police who came round , reluctantly , to take the details , implied that we had brought it on ourselves by parading our difference , unsmart casuals with too much hair and too many books .
Their visit , with the old trick of asking to use the loo as a way of sussing out the premises for unlicensed herbal remedies , ended on a note of sympathy : " Terrible , terrible , absolutely shocking to see a room left in that state . "
They did n't realise that nothing upstairs had been touched , this was how I worked , up to the elbows in papers , paints , maps , stones .
And as for the lavatory , it was outside , rustic , separate .
A nail driven into the brickwork alongside the door supported a tin bath .
Hackney was still in its post - war austerity limbo .
Prefabs , crumbling community centres , public slipper baths where we wallowed in giant tubs but had no control of the taps .
The council was prepared to chip in with half the cost of installing interior plumbing and we accepted the gesture .
Recent immigrants , so they reported when I interviewed them for my latest book , Hackney , That Rose - Red Empire , were offered spacious villas in the John Betjeman - approved Albion Square .
The square was constructed , on the estate of Sir William Middleton , between 1844 and 1849 .
Individual builders worked on groups of houses under the supervision of the architect George Pownall .
It was a speculation , a punt , a way of exploiting the spirit of the times : railways , canals , the finishing industries that had mushroomed around Shoreditch .
City clerks , police inspectors , upwardly mobile tradesfolk could aspire to a style of life that was tactfully self - regarding and inward – but folded around a garden , an oasis of London plane trees that was open to all .
This shady patch was restored by the Metropolitan Gardens Association in 1899 and provided with a public drinking fountain .
The newcomers , economic migrants from Cyprus , were unpersuaded .
By the late Sixties , many of the grand houses of Albion Square were uncared for , on the market at around £ 5,000 .
The migrants demanded a nice new flat in one of the tower blocks .
It was rumoured that the senior Kray brother , Charlie , owned the house on the corner , but he was unavailable for comment , out of town for years at a stretch .
The coming - home party was held in the Albion pub , now an attractively customised private house , the signboard retained as an interesting feature .
Most of the local pubs , by which social and political allegiances were confirmed , have been demolished .
Of late the demographic has shifted dramatically .
Recent incomers to Albion Square , where prices touch £ 1 m , include a High Court judge .
***
When we arrived in 1968 , the balconies of the flats at the back were sun traps where old white folk basked .
They kept a close eye on our bodged attempts to install a bathroom , to break up the concrete path and demolish the extension with its asbestos - insulated roof .
We were soon on visiting terms .
They rang my wife to report any suspicious behaviour on my part , underground films shot with a rabble of students , suspect images projected on the trees at night .
Right from the start , I was responding to qualities of place that I barely recognised and did n't understand .
In the 8 mm diary film we launched at this moment , my neighbour Mr Duck is painstakingly grooming his tight , 30 - yard strip ; the immaculate beds , the weed - free path .
His shoes are polished , waistcoat buttons gleam , his shirt is crisp and white .
The widowed Mrs Fleming , in severe housecoat on the other side , clipped her flowers to a standard which
I perceived as a rebuke to our food - for - free chaos of beans , tomatoes , rhubarb , raspberries .
We enjoyed conversations over the garden wall , but were n't invited indoors .
These were the first houses built on this ground .
The householders of the Sixties , established , proud of what they had , respected a legacy of small farms and market gardens .
The lovingly tended gardens were like a jigsaw of emerald carpets rescued and restored from the age of agricultural enclosures .
But these old Hackney folk were the end of the line , hanging on to something that was no longer there : a community of individualists keeping up self - imposed standards as budgie fanciers , constructors of sheds .
Their homes lay under the shadow of compulsory purchase orders .
Some chose to carry on , staying where they had always been , until they keeled over , broom in hand , or died without fuss in their familiar beds .
The younger families , kids and grandparents under one roof , decided on a second evacuation : to Ongar , Loughton , the fringes of Epping Forest .
They were nervous of the energies of the new Hackney , new patterns of crime ; a climate of aggressive interventionism from councillors rabid with half - digested social theory .
The noble dinosaurs of Mesozoic Marxism still took their holidays in East Germany and waited for the day when tower - block estates alongside the River Lea would be worthy of Erich Honecker 's utopian regime .
Young - blood careerists imposed post - architectural fantasies on our guinea - pig borough , driving out the last remnant of long - settled , white working - class property owners .
And opening the door to tribes of warring leftists , squatters , community artists , occasional labourers , improvising musicians and the vocationally disgruntled .
Most would drift onwards and outwards .
Some would still be there , with all their campaign scars , when the money metaphor collapsed , the markets tumbled and fresh activists battled over threatened theatres , occupied cafés , padlocked swimming pools .
***
The terraced house we contracted to buy cost less than £ 3,000 .
Or : the fee I earned for my part in a TV documentary on Allen Ginsberg made for WDR in Cologne .
Cash in a carrier bag , collected from a hotel on Park Lane , I travelled east across town to secure the Albion Drive property where we would spend the next 40 years .
The family making the sale admitted that they could have negotiated a higher offer , but were keen to have a young white couple take over their home .
Research , years later , showed that the Aglands had been here since the war .
And that their house and .047 - acre garden were presented with a compulsory purchase order in 1946 .
A crack , vibration from bomb damage , ran down one wall .
The abbreviated terrace of Albion Drive came through that purge , to sit between reefs of social housing , a tolerated memento to another age .
We inherited a more recent sentence of doom .
My expectation was for five years of Hackney life , walks , expeditions , the casual engagement I had enjoyed in Brixton and Belsize Park – and then away , purchase price returned , as the bulldozers trundled in .
Profit was not part of the calculation .
The destructive morality of using your home , that basic human unit , as a form of gambling did n't arrive until the late Seventies , the dawn of the Thatcher era .
And with that restless philosophy , greed and neurosis took over : move in , move on , trade up .
Debt became the measure of maturity .
All the accidental benefits of an exhausted , punch - drunk regime – unheated lidos , Edwardian bathhouses with flaking plaster , overwhelmed hospitals , sprawling street markets – were challenged , rationalised , decommissioned .
By that fortunate accident of acquiring a base , a freelance anti-career became possible .
All my reserves had gone into buying this house , so I was in the strange position of being the owner of a condemned property ; a person without funds or prospects .
But council taxes and utility bills were modest , we lived a loosely communal life , folk came and went ( some offered a few pounds in rent ) .
A friend , extracting himself from a failed marriage , arrived for the weekend and was still there two years later .
We rarely saw him .
He left early , to work in an office on the other side of town .
And he returned late .
Now and then , when I was making my sandwiches before cycling off to my job as a Limehouse gardener , I would bump into an air hostess repairing her theatrical make - up .
Freedom from a mortgage , though I did n't realise it , was crucial .
If I could save anything from my casual labouring jobs , I put it towards publishing another small - press booklet .
Between 1970 and 1979 , we got out 18 titles .
Accounts were settled , one way or another , to the end of the decade , when costs suddenly leapt and subscribers vanished .
The independent poetry world committed voluntary suicide rather than struggle on through the political darkness .
By now , the compulsory purchase order on our house had been revoked and Albion Drive was rebranded as a conservation area .
It was n't long before leaflets arrived ordering us to reinstate a set of Victorian railings , with arrowheads and bulbous finials .
Traces of the original railings were visible in shallow concrete like stumps in the mouth of a man who chewed stones .
The iron , so we were told , had been sacrificed in the war , melted down to make shells or tanks .
The Seventies were pinched .
I loaded and unloaded containers of sheep casings alongside the railway yards in Stratford , in sheds that are now part of the Olympic Park .
There were random power cuts .
I carried home broken chunks of wax to make candles .
When officials came to the door asking for licences of various kinds , I was over the back wall and away to the post office that served the flats .
When the post office closed , many of the local businesses went with it : bread and cakes , butcher , fishmonger , two fruit and veg shops .
Only the betting shop thrived , taxing the eternal optimism of the economic underclass .
***
It was a memorable day when a rag - trade patron , a true son of Hackney , arrived on my doorstep in his royal - blue Rolls - Royce Corniche , to offer employment : as a cultural dowser , editor , New Age copywriter for the bookshop he was opening in Regent Street .
Jeff Kwintner had found one of our Albion Village Press books , the documentary account of my filming with Allen Ginsberg , in a shop in West Hampstead .
He decided to drive straight back to his old manor to put me on the payroll .
Now , we could afford to buy a £ 15 baby buggy , a Maclaren from John Lewis .
Our daughter , who was pushed down Queensbridge Road and Brick Lane in her new chariot to meet me at the gates of Trumans Brewery , where I worked as a labourer in the ullage cellars , was joined by a son , born in this house .
With the arrival of children , for ourselves and the friends who had come here with us , there were decisions to be taken .
One group decided that now , the mid-Seventies , was the moment to move to the country , taking shares in a large communal property in Hampshire : with expectations of keeping the odd cow , making yogurt and cheese , planting kitchen gardens .
Would we join them ?
I did n't think we could afford it .
What work could I get , being pretty much unemployable and running out of the puff for manual labour ?
The property our friends bought in Albion Square , for less than £ 6,000 , was sold , a reasonable price for the time , for £ 15,000 .
To the people who had printed our small press books .
The realisation also hit me , though I was n't stupid enough to spell it out , that I was addicted to London , to Hackney .
Here was my raw material , a job for life , picking at a mythology of place : subterranean conspiracies , lost writers , the action in street markets .
Out of the blue , I inherited a collection of books from an old lady in Wales .
I took a stall in Camden Passage in Islington .
And I began my second education , my doctorate in survivalism .
By standing in the same place , every Thursday , from 7 am to 5 pm , the library of the world came to me : people who were books , strange men dedicated to securing a single item ( it would be death to find it ) .
I experienced the covert hierarchies of the book trade , from the gutters and sacks of Sunday morning Cheshire Street to Covent Garden , Club Row to Savile Row .
Weeks vanished out on the road , combing junkpits , chasing rumours .
Petrol station coffee .
One dealer 's spectral paws were ingrained with black boot polish from the hours he spent buffing up tired Edwardian cloth covers .
Spending one day a week at home , preparing and pricing stock , meant that I barely remembered that I lived in Hackney .
The house did n't fill with books , it was made from them ; columns supported the walls , insulated the loft .
Californian dealers on their summer migration clambered over our furniture to sift the treasures , filling boxes to be shipped out .
Once , a pound coin rolled under the bed .
I 've never forgotten the expression on the face of the dealer 's wife when I lifted the corner – and this immaculate , groomed and brittle woman was exposed to ... London .
Dustballs , historic newspapers , odd shoes , Biro caps , rubber bands .
Fossilised vermin .
Having some sort of income meant that we were obliged to go into debt : this was the Eighties .
With three growing children ( our youngest daughter was born in 1980 ) , and the ever - expanding stock of books ( otherwise known as mistakes ) , it was a decision I could n't deny : take a mortgage .
To open up the loft as an additional store , to bring the kitchen downstairs , to put in another lavatory , to tweak an extra bedroom , cost 10 times as much as buying the house in 1968 .
Irish builders came and went , cheerfully knocking down walls , ripping out plumbing and then vanishing to Chelsea , until the weather broke .
I had decided to take three months off to try and write my first novel .
My father died .
My mother began to drift .
My wife went into hospital .
And now this mortgage , like a hungry incubus , demanded constant attention : it fed on anxieties I had previously ignored .
The mad logic of the period would have been to find another property , buy to let , in some converted asylum or luminous watch - dial factory .
Nobody holds their nerve long enough to stay for more than a few months in a house without combing the property listings , making weekend expeditions into the badlands of Thames Gateway .
Toxic dumps that might become the next big thing .
The freelance duck - and - dive years were over : I discovered multi-tasking .
Publishing books , which often vanished as soon as they hit the shelves , was only a way of auditioning for scraps of radio work , journalistic crumbs , talks at outlying academic institutions ( convenient for my hike around the M25 ) .
I carried on with the dealing , from one of those grim oxymorons conducted in Bloomsbury hotels : the book fair .
Until I was given a lifetime ban for the crime of going home before the time specified on the card .
Alternative career snatched away , there was no option but to speed up my rate of production : more books , more readings , longer explanations .
I had n't really noticed , but the people around me changed .
Everybody who turned up to do an interview , or to take a photograph against the bookshelf or down by the canal , lived in Stoke Newington .
There were so many artists in the area that they were forced to attack the walls with their spray cans and stencils , taggers had to scramble up gasholders to find a free space .
Broadway Market , a limbo of local cafés and barbers , was promoted , overnight , as the new Portobello Road : bistro to retro .
Before the inevitable evictions and rent hike .
London Fields , a dog patch with a closed lido , was revitalised for improvised picnics , weekend parties of wine bottles , Belgian lagers and excited chatter .
There was something about this area , about our mid-Victorian terrace .
The neighbours , the ones who arrived after Mr Duck and Mrs Fleming , stayed put .
An art historian and a Spanish lady whose children have grown up in Hackney .
At different times , they both contemplated moving away , relocating to Canterbury or Barcelona .
But it did n't happen .
The place was used to them , and away from it , they would never be quite themselves .
I understood .
The urban package – modest attached house , small garden , proximity of markets and parks , just enough drama to keep things interesting – was an ideal .
It worked .
There was as much of a community as you needed .
Enough anonymity too .
The major developments , in all their destructive force , were close at hand , but did n't threaten to blow everything , on our immediate doorstep , into oblivion .
We were goaded , hammered by bureaucratic interventions , but not driven out .
Researching my Hackney book , I found that a commercial traveller called August Wolf , a Prussian , had occupied this property in 1871 , with his wife , Emma , a visiting family , and a domestic servant .
Like me , he must have spent time on the road , before returning to the undervalued dispensation of domestic life .
Houses set a tradition and those who move in come to terms with whatever the pattern of bricks and mortar , the layers of wallpaper , require .
We are never more than an extension of the vessel that contains us .
Rachel Whiteread , who lived on the western edge of Albion Square , understood this very well .
Her House project constructed a monument to memory and texture , before it disappeared ; setting up new narratives of absence and loss .
When the Irish builders uncovered a brick arch in a newly disclosed cellar , I let them drown it in concrete .
It 's my guess that this was part of one of the kilns with which the speculative developer fired bricks on his farmland .
Local historians tell us we are living on ground once part of Lamb Farm , not far from the Pigwell brook .
Rivers are culverted .
Streets are demolished .
Certain qualities , peculiar to place , continue , attracting those who are most susceptible to them .
A few years ago , children decamped , we found somewhere very appealing on the south coast .
Our house went on the market and we received several offers within the week .
That was when we understood , without discussing it , how impossible escape was .
You can't leave the thing that you are , the house that has become your biography .
' Hackney , That Rose - Red Empire ' by Iain Sinclair is published by Hamish Hamilton ( £ 20 ) .
To order it for the special price of £ 18 , with free post and packaging , call Independent Books Direct on 0870 079 8897 or visit www.independentbooksdirect.co.uk
You have to love the headline : GOP set to launch rebranding effort
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) – Coming soon to a battleground state near you : a new effort to revive the image of the Republican Party and to counter President Obama ’s characterization of Republicans as “ the party of ‘ no . ' ”
CNN has learned that the new initiative , called the National Council for a New America , will be announced Thursday .
It will involve an outreach by an interesting mix of GOP officials , ranging from 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain to Jeb Bush , the former Florida governor and the younger brother of the man many Republicans blame for the party ’s battered brand : former President George W. Bush .
…
“ However , this is not a Republican - only forum , ” reads the letter announcing the new effort , a copy of which was obtained by CNN from Republican sources involved in the effort .
“ While we will be guided by our principles of freedom and security , we will seek to include more than just our ideas .
“ This forum will include a wide open policy debate that every American can feel free to participate in , ” the announcement letter reads .
“ We do this not just to offer an alternative point of view or to be disagreeable .
Instead , we want to ask the American people what their hopes and dreams are .
Since January , the President and the Democratic Majority in Congress have – rightfully so – put forward their plan for the future , now we must listen , learn and lead through an honest , open conversation with the American people that will result in building policy proposals that will yield the best results for our nation ’s long - term success . ”
“ Rebranding ” is a term we seem to hear more and more of these days , and as a guy who works in marketing let me say , from the bottom of my heart , how sorry I am .
Because verily , “ branding ” and “ rebranding ” are much abused terms .
Worse , the people doing the abusing are usually industry “ professionals ” who ought to know better .
Properly understood , a brand is a real , if intangible thing .
It lives in the relationship between a product / service / entity and its constituencies and it speaks to the essence of the thing these people are gathered around .
Unfortunately , modern - day “ branding ” all too often puts the cart before the horse .
Instead of lasting , credible brands that emerge from the reality of the product and the actual value that customers find in it , we instead lead with the messaging and try to tell people what the value is , irrespective of whether it reflects , even marginally , the reality of the thing being branded .
Remember “ compassionate conservatism ” ?
That was a brand , and I ’ll leave it to you to draw your own conclusions about reality vs. messaging in that case .
At its best , rebranding acknowledges the need for real change .
Maybe time has passed the old brand by , or maybe the old product / service / company failed in some way that destroyed trust in the brand .
In any case , effective rebranding speaks to the market honestly and with humility , saying “ we ’re going to do things differently from now on and we invite you to be a part of it with us . ”
At its worst it , changes the logo and name and carries on its merry way .
As my colleague Chris Mackowski noted , “ new lipstick , same pig . ”
In any case , much can be learned from studying the people involved .
So let ’s have a look at the new faces , the change agents , driving the dawn of a new day in the Republican party :
John McCain
Jeb Bush
Haley Barbour
Bobby Jindal
Mitt Romney
John Boehner
Eric Cantor
Mike Pence
Mitch McConnell
Jon Kyl
Lamar Alexander
Errrm , meet the new boss , same as the old boss ?
So , how optimistic should we be about the prospects for change here ?
We can ask ourselves a couple of basic questions , I suppose .
Have these people , since the inauguration of Barack Obama , acted in ways that suggest new directions and vision , or have they dug in their heels and acted precisely as the past 30 years have taught us to expect Republican leaders to act ?
Given what we know of these men , is it more plausible to believe that they ’re genuinely interested in changing the party ’s reality or that they ’re more interested in changing the party ’s image ?
Do they want a different and better reality for all Americans or do they want Americans to continue doing their part to assure the continuation of the same power elite - driven hegemony that brought us to our current state ?
We ’ll know the GOP has really “ rebranded ” when we see action demonstrating that there ’s been a fundamental shift in the party ’s values .
Show , boys , do n’t tell .
Until then all we got is a press event .
Pardon me while I go round up the usual suspects .
_____________
UPDATE : Apparently Sarah Palin was invited to join the dog / pony show but never responded .
Darnit .
Homosexuality and Crime Modernity
The seeds of an alternative to the old order germinated in the Enlightenment , when scientific and humanist thinking , and a rediscovery of the ancient Greek legacy of democratic politics and aesthetics , grew into a countermovement to theocracy .
Socio-economic changes occurring in the world system were , at the same time , undermining the aristocratic , landholding classes of Europe and the church that legitimized their rule .
The French Revolution is perhaps the most central symbol of the modern social and cultural paradigm that swept aside church and aristocracy in the name of the right of the people to govern themselves rather than submit to the will of monarchs and bishops .
The modern French state advanced the idea of the citizen with rights to self - determination regardless of origin or trait .
Religion was dethroned from its hegemonic position , deprived of the tools to enforce its will on everyone , and privatized to the realm of personal belief .
Everyone could have religion ; they just did not have the right to force those around them to believe or to carry out the same moral agenda .
It is perhaps not surprising , then , that this liberal democratic revolution also initiated the disestablishment of sexual orthodoxy , permitting greater individual freedom , and extracting the state from the regulation of homosexuality .
With the advent of the Napoleonic legal code , sodomy disappeared from criminal law , and as Napoleon swept through Europe evicting the mainstays of the old order , he left new nation - builders in his wake who founded legal systems without the category of sodomy .
The modern world of most of western and southern Europe , as well as its territories ( principally in Latin America ) , broke the medieval link between homosexuality and criminality in the early nineteenth century .
Germany , Britain , the United States , and their territories , who held out against Napoleon , remained unreformed for the next century or more .
British elites reacted to the French Revolution with widespread crackdowns on dissidents and a wave of imprisonments of men for sodomy .
When the German states united under the auspices of Prussia in the late nineteenth century , they retained the Prussian sodomy law , Paragraph 175 , and in some instances overturned the decriminalization that had occurred in such component states of the new German empire as Bavaria and Hannover .
One Hannover jurist , Karl Ulrichs , became a lifetime advocate against Paragraph 175 and was a precursor to the first organized gay and lesbian movement organization , the Scientific - Humanitarian Committee .
Founded in Berlin in 1897 , the committee worked for many years to overturn Paragraph 175 in Germany .
During the late 1890s in Britain , the primary public event surrounding the criminal labeling of homosexuality was the show trial that condemned Oscar Wilde to two years of hard labor in Reading Gaol .
By the early twentieth century , European nations contained conflicting social forces advancing modern reforms and defending premodern traditions .
Gay and lesbian public spaces , now evident in cities throughout the industrialized world , became vulnerable to predation by an array of police , clerics , physicians , moral entrepreneurs , and blackmailers , each with their own agenda .
Gay and lesbian voices could only infrequently break through official censorship to participate in the public agenda , and often had to resort to oblique references in science , theater , and literature in order to communicate with each other and to the public .
Only in Germany and the Netherlands was there a sufficiently open civil society for above - ground gay and lesbian organizations advocating for change .
With reactionary forces coming to power in Germany in 1933 , the law became a tool used to strike out against Jews , national minorities , the disabled , religious dissidents , and homosexuals , with each group falling under criminal sanction and suffering genocide in the Holocaust .
Russian Communism under Stalin moved in a similarly authoritarian direction , re-criminalizing homosexuality at a time when the Soviet state was inventing and destroying a wide range of supposed internal enemies .
The end of World War II brought little solace to homosexual peoples , as the criminalizing states — most notably the Soviet Union , the United States , the United Kingdom , and the Federal Republic of Germany — showed little sign of reform or even initiated new campaigns of persecution against their gay and lesbian citizens .
When ruling elites become fearful during times of national or international upheaval , criminal law is often a tool of repression directed against those imagined to be enemies of national identity and community .
Just as Britain included homosexuals in its repression of dissidents during the French Revolution , the Cold War fed state searches for " traitors " and dissidents .
In the United States , McCarthyism criminalized a wide range of people imagined to be the " un-American other " as " communists " driving many out of their careers and into exile .
Again , among its fantasy enemies were homosexuals pursued as " security risks " and forced into jails and mental hospitals ( D'Emilio ) .
With the suppression of the early gay and lesbian movement in the Holocaust , the only alternative in the 1950s to the criminal paradigm was the medical view of homosexuality as sickness .
While police and courts raided and jailed gay and lesbian meeting places , psychiatrists were busy promoting the redefinition of homosexuality as a psychopathology .
What is an appropriate punishment for a sub / slave ?
That is a loaded question .
As most of you know , I believe in treating each person as an individual .
Experience taught me that there is no " one size fits all " in the world of BDSM .
Nowhere is this more applicable than in the area of punishments .
Each person takes things differently .
I met some who really enjoy pain while others abhor it .
There were instances where I had people of each makeup at the same time .
This presents a bit of a challenge when trying to discipline .
Utilizing pain to one who loves is will have adverse effects .
In this situation , one needs to be creative with his / her punishments .
The common viewpoint based upon images on the Internet is that the paddle ( or other whipping device ) is the preferred method of punishing .
However , as anyone with children knows , sometimes a spanking is not the best method .
Often , taking something away will have more of an impact .
I like to apply this same outlook with a slave .
There are many instances where a paddling is not the most effective method for behavior modification .
Sometimes , an act such as withholding time spent with her is a better choice .
Of course , if one does not find pain to be attractive , then certainly he or she can be disciplined with a paddle .
Again , it is best to try to select the best method for modifying one 's behavior .
Another aspect of punishments is to ensure that the " punishment fits the crime " .
I see far to many Masters overreach in given situations .
There is a big difference between disobedience and an error .
People , including slaves , make mistakes .
I think it is imperative that Master ( Doms ) know how to remain emotionally calm regardless of the situation .
I feel that losing emotional control often leads to the crossing of the line into abuse .
A final point is " time " .
When issuing a punishment such as withholding time from one , it is crucial that it be for an acceptable period .
This is another way that can get into abuse .
Choosing to ignore a sub / slave for a month over something relatively inconsequential is not appropriate .
We want to be always conscious that the action merits the consequences .
Remember , having a slave / sub learn the lesson that One is trying to teach is the most important thing .
Through this , the behavior can be altered .
Sources speaking to Ars have discovered evidence of new voice control features coming to iPhone OS 3.0 .
Apparently going by the code name " Jibbler , " it looks like it will provide not just voice synthesis , but also voice recognition for the upcoming iPhone OS 3.0 .
Not much information is known at this time , but according to our own people familiar with the matter , Jibbler appears be an enhancement to the iPhone SpringBoard application , the Finder - esque app that acts as a launcher and will support the newly announced 3.0 Spotlight search .
Jibbler may be controlled via the iPhone headset — button squeezes could be used to record short voice segments from the user , which Jibbler will then interpret .
Voice synthesis can then be used to give the user a response , similar to the latest generation iPod shuffle , which can " read " playlists and track names — the difference being that the iPhone hardware itself could handle real - time voice synthesis .
Our sources turned up references to classes and methods named VSSpeechSynthesizer , VSRecognitionSession , SBVoiceControlDisableHandlerActions , SBSensitiveJibblerEnabled , and SBVoiceControlSoundCompletion .
SB refers to SpringBoard , and VS likely refers to Voice Services .
The separate Voice Services classes leave open the possibility that Apple may eventually allow access to these services via the official SDK .
There 's no indication whether these voice features will be tied to newer hardware expected this summer or if the features will be compatible with existing iPhone hardware .
Besides the coolness factor that the voice control features add to the iPhone , they also bring the promise of voice - controlled dialing , a feature that other phones have had for some time .
Also , it could aid in hands - free operation for safety in certain situations , like driving , and act as an assistive user interface method for those with some sight impairments .
I do n’t know exactly what goes on inside Kiwis ’ heads , or why they invented the Zorb .
Is it that they have just eight television channels ?
Or that range animals overwhelmingly outnumber humans ?
The proximity to Antarctica ?
There has to be some reason that Kiwis dream up contraptions and activities like bungee jumping , jet boats that spin in circles on the water and Zorbing .
Today , let ’s talk about that last one … the Zorb sphere .
Explaining this verbally is kind of tricky , so you ’re lucky I have videos and photos to go along with the written word .
Imagine a giant beach ball with really thick walls .
Let ’s say it has a little tunnel leading to a human - sized inner chamber .
You then dive into that chamber , and someone squirts a few gallons of water in there , seals the entrance and then rolls you and the ball down a hill lined with berms and turns .
Yep , that ’s a Zorb sphere .
Sarah and I arrived in New Zealand with a full knowledge of Zorbing , and we were determined to
try it .
We had some time to kill in Rotorua between geyers and stuff , so we headed out to the Agrodome , which has a number of crazy activities , some of which apparently involve sheep .
We had an array of Zorb choices :
The twisty course , the straight course , wet , dry ?
We selected the wet twisty option , eliciting many choruses of “ Good on ya ” from the employees .
Apparently , this is the favored option .
If I recall right , it was $ 45 NZ .
Sarah went first as I shot photos .
She emerged feet first , like the Green Giant ’s golf ball giving birth to a human , complete with a rush of fluid .
And like a newborn , she had a bit of trouble standing for a few seconds – the Zorb - O - Port employees had to prop her up a bit .
Then it was my turn .
Clad only in a pair of shorts , I sat in the back of a truck with another couple .
We drove to the top of the hill , where a conveyer belt - like device delivered the giant spheres .
I was the first to go .
“ Awright , mate , ” one of the blokes told me .
“ Just back up , get a running start and dive into the hole ! ”
Click to watch … you can see me slosh about and nearly go over the berm !
I did as I was told , landing face - first in a puddle of water at the bottom of the inner Zorb chamber .
The sphere was more opaque , so I could n’t see out much .
The bloke ’s face appeared in the tunnel to the outside world .
“ Awright , mate ( most everything male Kiwis say starts with this phrase ) … just push hard that way [ points down hill ] , sit down and enjoy the ride , ” he said .
So it began .
The Zorb sphere quickly gained speed , and soon it crashed into a berm , bouncing me all sorts of ways around .
Water was flying everywhere , and so was I .
At this point , I was already laughing and gesticulating like an idiot to nobody in particular .
Moments later , it was all done .
The blokes at the bottom corraled the sphere , aimed the hatch
downward , and out I slid with a hard THUMP ! on the butt .
I was all excited and started telling my Zorb tale to the throngs waiting for their ride .
Then I realized my wedding ring had slipped off – not to worry , though .
We found it about five minutes later between the landing spot and the conveyor .
Without further ado , on to my Zorbing tips !
1 . Wear nothing but a swimsuit or shorts .
2 . That means no jewelry , especially not rings !
3 . Do n’t be a wuss – choose the Zydro ( wet and twisty ) .
4 . Do n’t hesitate when you enter , or you wo n’t make it all the way through .
To wrap it up , I simply want my own Zorb sphere and a decent hill .
Or at least for Zorbing to become the next big thing here in the States .
This post just might contain affiliate links .
Fear not , they ’re non-spammy and benign .
Hey , I have to keep this thing running somehow !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Stumbleupon
LinkedIn
Reddit
More
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
A controversial ‘ ocean fertilization ’ experiment suggests seeding the seas with iron to boost carbon - absorbing phytoplantkon will not sequester much carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
Some — including researchers and private companies — had hoped iron fertilization might be an easy fix for climate change .
The Lohafex experiment , conducted by Indo - German team of scientists from the National Institute of Oceaonography and the Alfred Wegener Institute earlier this year , dumped 20 tons of iron sulphate into the Southern Ocean and measured the carbon uptake by plankton .
Fertilization stimulated a short burst of phytoplankton growth which was negated by increased predation by crustaceans known as amphipods .
“ As a result , only a modest amount of carbon sank out of the surface layer by the end of the experiment , ” said the Alfred Wegener Institute in a statement .
The experiment found that blooms of diatoms , a silica - based algae important in earlier carbon sequestration experiments , were limited by natural blooms that had already extracted all the silicic acid needed for shell building .
Closeup of the Amphipod Themisto gaudichaudii , a predator of phytoplankton .
Photo : Humberto Gonzalez , UACh - COPAS / Alfred Wegener Institute
A second fertilization experiment three weeks after the first had no further effect on plankton “ indicating that the ecosystem was already saturated with iron . ”
By the end of the experiment phytoplankton had stabilized at its original levels .
The experiment found that “ concentrations of gases other than CO2 produced by the plankton either did not change or increased negligibly in the bloom ” .
“ Some of these gases such as nitrous oxide and methane are potent greenhouse gases , others such as halogenated hydrocarbons contribute to stratospheric ozone depletion , ” noted the Alfred Wegener Institute .
“ The cooperative project Lohafex has yielded new insights on how ocean ecosystems function , ” the statement continued .
“ But it has dampened hopes on the potential of the Southern Ocean to sequester significant amounts of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) and thus mitigate global warming . ”
Other research has produced similar results , suggesting that iron fertilization of oceans will not be an effective climate change mitigation strategy .
“ Ocean iron fertilization is simply no longer to be taken as a viable option for mitigation of the CO2 problem , ” Hein de Baar , an oceanographer at the Royal Netherlands Institute for Sea Research in Texel , told Nature News in January .
Other studies have also looked at the introduction of calcium hydroxide ( i.e. lime ) as a way to reduce ocean acidification and its capacity to absorb CO2 .
Related articles
Iron fertilization of oceans may be ineffective in fighting global warming
( 01/29/2009 )
Schemes to promote increased carbon uptake by plankton via iron fertilization of oceans will be less effective than previously believed , report researchers writing in the journal Nature .
Geoengineering schemes need ranking system to avoid wasting money , destroying the planet
( 10/26/2008 )
Schemes to alter Earth 's climate on a planetary scale should be ranked according to their efficacy , cost , risks and their rate of mitigation , argues a new editorial published in Nature Geoscience .
With so - called geoengineering proposals proliferating as concerns over climate change mount , Philip Boyd of New Zealand 's NIWA warns that " no geo - engineering proposal has been tested or even subjected to preliminary trials " .
He says that despite widespread media attention , scientists have yet to even come up with a way to rank geoegineering schemes for their efficacy , cost , associated risk , and timeframe .
Thus is it unclear whether ideas like carbon burial , geochemical carbon capture , atmospheric carbon capture , ocean fertilization , cloud manipulation , " space sunshades " , or strategically - placed pollution can be effective on a time - scale relevant to humankind , economical , or even safe .
Planktos kills iron fertilization project due to environmental opposition
( 02/19/2008 )
Planktos , a California - based firm that planned a controversial iron- fertilization scheme in an attempt to qualify carbon offsets , announced that it failed to find sufficient funding for its efforts and would postpone its project indefinitely .
Too early to say if iron seeding will slow global warming – scientists
( 01/10/2008 )
Schemes to use feed the ocean with iron as a way to enhance carbon sequestration from the atmosphere are premature and could be damaging to sea life and marine ecosystems , warns a letter published in the journal Science by an international group of scientists .
New research discredits a $ 100 billion geoengineering fix to global warming
( 11/29/2007 )
Scientists have revealed an important discovery that raises doubts concerning the viability of plans to fertilize the ocean to solve global warming , a projected $ 100 billion venture .
Who is Charlie ?
And why is he skulking around town with Duck in a Can ?
The second question is easier to answer .
The duck with foie gras is a signature dish flown in from the cultish Montreal eatery Au Pied de Cochon .
Translated as Canard en Conserve , it is the star of the menu Sunday at the new dining buzz in Toronto – the anti-restaurant .
This underground dining experience involves random meals , rotating chefs , hidden locations , secret passwords , synchronizing of watches and encounters with strangers .
The anti-restaurant goes by the name Charlie 's Burgers – ironic , considering the focus on fine food matched with fine wine .
Charlie 's Burgers is not Toronto 's first surreptitious supper club , but it may be its most upscale .
To join the in - crowd , you go to website charliesburgers .ca and fill out a survey about your food fancies .
You may ( or may not ) be e-vited to dinner .
After RSVPing , we received instructions to meet at a corner in the west end at " 6:12 p.m. sharp " and to bring a $ 110 per person " donation , " cash only .
Plus : " Bring an appetite and a sense of humour . "
The covert operation is creating a buzz among Toronto foodies , and adventurous chefs and sommeliers who want in on the action .
Ask them about Charlie , however , and they go mum .
They claim no face - to - face communication .
They point out that Charlie is not alone ; he gets the job done with friends and helpers .
" I was incredibly , incredibly impressed by what they were doing , " says Jamie Drummond , wine director for the Jamie Kennedy restaurant group .
" Everybody is looking for something a little different .
It has the potential to be a hit . "
Drummond says he was both " worried " and " intrigued " when he and his girlfriend arrived at the anti-restaurant 's first dinner , last month .
It was held in the tasting room of a public wine storage facility on King St. W .
" It was definitely more like a dinner party – with friends you do n't know , " he says , recalling there were 18 guests .
Drummond had such a great time , he agreed to be the sommelier for this Sunday 's meal .
However , he claims he never spoke to Charlie in person about it .
" I like that mysterious air , " he says .
Bonnie Stern , another guest at the first dinner , agrees .
The Toronto cooking school maven says not knowing what would happen was the fun part .
" It was kind of kooky . "
Charlie may operate by stealth but , when he reaches out , people in the food business respond .
Matt Chambers , who works at Milagro restaurant , promised to make canapés for this Sunday after getting a message on his machine .
" It 's pure curiosity , " he says .
" It 's fun for me – a chance to go out and do something different . "
Corresponding via email , Charlie notes : " I / we prefer to remain anonymous . "
The anti-restaurant , he writes , is not about him but , rather , about " the food on your plate and the wine in your glass . "
He adds : " Charlie 's Burgers was created by me ( Charlie Burger ) and involved are a group of people who are really passionate about food and who have the deep restaurant connections you need to pull this project off ...
It gives great chefs a blank canvas to create whatever menu they want , with no boundaries whatsoever . "
Not everyone is a fan .
Jim Chan , manager of Toronto Public Health 's food safety program , cautions that underground restaurants raise concerns about proper food handling .
" The position of public health is almost like a `buyer beware ' type of warning . "
Next week : Dining at the anti-restaurant .
Mattel has launched a new range of Barbies that allow little girls to add tattoos to their dolls .
The new Barbie dolls are part of Mattel ’s “ Totally Tattoos ” range , and include tattoos of hearts , flowers , stars , rabbits , butterflies , and a Barbie silhouette .
One tattoo though includes a heart and Ken ’s name , and is perfectly sized as a tramp stamp on the lower back , as per the picture above .
The Daily Mail reports that not everyone is happy with the move , with one expert claiming that it further sexualizes children ’s play .
Mattel argues that “ This type of open - ended , creative play is a healthy form of self expression that Barbie brings to girls . ”
( Img : Daily Mail )
Comparative Religions The Golden Rule --
“ Do unto others as you would have them do unto you ” -- is a basic tenet of virtually every religion in the world .
It is often overlooked in the rush to rules and laws for every occasion , but in general , the only real reason for religion is to define how we treat our divinities and our fellow beings .
Accordingly , all religions are at their most fundamental level , the same .
They are connected , forming an overall oneness .
Mythologies are a form of religion , even when they are not intended as such .
Especially when they describe profound events in their history , events which shape their beliefs in the natural world , the divinities which may have influenced those events and how the believers have reacted to the events in terms of how they deal with the world thereafter .
Ancient Sumerian texts , for example , describe in great detail the events leading up to the Flood and Deluge of Biblical renown , and the histories of mankind down through the age of Abraham and his grandchild , Jacob .
The Sumerian version has been found to corroborate the Book of Genesis at every turn , and in fact has provided a more detailed description of the biblical events .
In many respects , the book of Genesis is an executive summary of the far more ancient Sumerian texts .
Meanwhile , the Sumerian Enuma Elish describes the creation of our solar system in a scientifically consistent manner .
And just as the Bible is referenced in various ways by numerous religions in their rituals , the same is true of the Sumerian Enuma Elish , which was recited verbatim on appropriate holy days .
Another example of the dual histories -- and whatever authority and / or credibility they lend to the religion -- is a comparison between the Sumerian Epic of Creation and that portion of Genesis which tells of the same events .
For example , Laurence Gardner [ 1 ] has noted the common elements between the Enuma Elish and Genesis :
Enuma Elish Genesis Divine spirit is coexistent and coeternal with cosmic matter .
Divine spirit creates cosmic matter and exists independently of it .
Primeval chaos , with darkness enveloping the salt waters .
A desolate waste , with darkness covering the deep .
Light emanates from the gods and the firmament is created above the Earth .
Light is created by God and the firmament is created above the Earth .
Dry land is created on Earth .
Dry land is created on Earth .
The luminaries ( sun , moon and stars ) are created .
The luminaries ( sun , moon and stars ) are created .
Man is created .
Man is created .
The gods celebrate God rests .
The latter statements seem strangely illuminating .
It is worth mentioning that Genesis was written circa 600 B.C.E. , and in a Babylonian location ( while the Hebrews were in captivity ) .
On the one hand , the writers had easy access to the libraries from which the Sumerian histories had briefly returned to life in those ancient times .
On the other hand , there is the motivation on the part of the writers to somehow explain how the “ chosen people ” were being held in captivity far from home .
The comparative brevity of Genesis with respect to the Enuma Elish is probably indicative that it is far easier to edit out sections than creatively add new ones -- especially when there is a strong resistance to originality in writing the holy texts of a religion .
It should be noted that while the Sumerian texts , in describing the details of the ancient history of mankind had placed a strong emphasis on the fact that “ gold belonged to the gods ” , there is no such emphasis in Genesis .
This may be explained in part by the fact of the rivalry between Enki and Enlil and that the Sumerian version was much more pro-Enki or at least even - handed , while Genesis was definitely pro-Enlil .
Not being a fan of man , Enlil would likely have glossed over the real reason for his being on Earth , while Enki , who was more interested in mankind ’s spiritual evolvement , would have made a point of mentioning gold and its relationship to the Orme or Star Fire .
Another comparative religion example might be to compare , as Gardner [ 1 ] has done , the Amenemope version of Egyptian wisdom with that of the Book of Proverbs :
From the Wisdom of Amenemope From the Proverbs of Solomon Incline thine ears to hear my sayings , and apply thine heart to their comprehension , for it is a profitable thing to put them in thy heart .
-- Amenemope 1:6
Bow down thine ear , and hear the words of the wise , and apply thine heart unto my knowledge , for it is a pleasant thing if thou keep them within thee .
Proverbs 22:17 - 18
Remove not the landmark on the boundary of the fields ... and trespass not on the boundary of the widow .
7:12 -15 Remove not the old landmark , and enter not into the fields of the fatherless .
23:10
They have made themselves wings like geese , and they have flown to heaven .
Amenemope 10:5
Riches certainly make themselves wings , they fly away as an eagle toward heaven .
Proverbs 23:4 - 5
Better is poverty in the hand of God , than the riches in the storehouse .
Better are loaves when the heart is joyous .
Amenemope 9:5-8
Better is little with fear of the Lord , than great treasure and trouble therewith .
Better is a dinner of herbs where love is .
Proverbs 15:16 - 17 Fraternize not with the hot - tempered man .
And press not on him for conversation .
Amenemope 11:13 - 14
Make no friendship with an angry man .
And with a furious man thou shalt not go .
Proverbs 22:24
One final example is a comparison between the Bible ’s book of Exodus describing the Hebrews leaving Egypt ( i.e. the sudden loss of slave - power by the Egyptians ) , and the Egyptian version of the end of the Old Kingdom provided by the scribe Ipuwer .
Ipuwer ’s work was known as the Papyrus Ipuwer , which was originally a translation of the Leiden Papyrus by A. Gardiner .
Immanuel Velikovsky [ 2 ] noted the similarities in the event description , and concluded that the Exodus did in fact occur at the time of the end of the Old Kingdom and not later as is often suggested .
Papyrus Ipuwer Exodus Papyrus 2:5- 6 : Plague is throughout the land .
Blood is everywhere .
Exodus 7:21 : ... there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt .
Papyrus 2:10 : The river is blood .
Exodus 7:20 : ... all the waters that were in the river were turned to blood .
Papyrus 2:10 : Men shrink from tasting -- they thirst after water for they could not drink of the water of the river .
Exodus 7:24 : And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink .
Papyrus 3:10 - 13 : That is our water !
That is our happiness !
What shall we do in respect thereof ?
All is ruin !
Exodus 7:21 : ... and the river stank .
Papyrus 4:14 : Trees are destroyed .
Papyrus 6:1 : No fruit nor herbs are found .
Exodus 9:25 : ... and the hail smote every herb of the field , and brake every tree of the field .
Papyrus 2:10 : Forsooth , gates , columns and walls are consumed by fire .
Exodus 9:23 - 24 : ... the fire ran along upon the ground .
... there was hail , and fire mingled with the hail , very grievous .
Papyrus 10:3 - 6 : Lower Egypt weeps ...
The entire palace is without its revenue .
To it belong wheat , barley , geese and fish .
Exodus 7:21 : And the fish that was in the river died .
Papyrus 6:3 : Forsooth , grain has perished on every side .
Papyrus 5:12 : That has perished which yesterday was seen .
The land is left over to its weariness like the cutting of flax .
Exodus 10:15 : ... there remained not any green thing in the trees , or in the herbs of the fields , though all the land of Egypt .
Papyrus 5:5 : All animals , their hearts weep .
Cattle moan ...
Exodus 9:3 : ... the hand of the Lord is upon thy cattle which is in the field ... there shall be a very grievous murrain .
Papyrus 9:2-3 : Behold , cattle are left to stray , and there is none to gather them together .
Each man fetches for himself those that are branded with his name .
Exodus 9:19 : ... gather thy cattle , and all that thou has in the field .
Exodus 9:21 : And he that regarded not the word of the Lord left his servants and his cattle in the field .
Papyrus 9:11 : The land is not light ...
Exodus 10:22 : ... and there was a thick darkness in all the land of Egypt .
Papyrus 5:6 : Forsooth , the children of princes are dashed against the walls .
Papyrus 6:12 : Forsooth , the children of princes are cast out in the streets .
Exodus 12:29 : And it came to pass , that at midnight the Lord smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt , from the firstborn of the Pharaoh that sat on his throne unto the firs born of the captive that was in the dungeon .
Papyrus 2:13 : He who places his brother in the ground is everywhere .
Exodus 12:30 : ... there was not a house where there was not one dead .
Papyrus 3:14 : It is groaning that is throughout the land , mingled with lamentations .
Exodus 12:30 : ... there was a great cry in Egypt.
Papyrus 7:1 : Behold , the fire has mounted up on high .
Its burning goes forth against the enemies of the land .
Exodus 12:21 : ... by day in a pillar of a cloud , to lead them the way , and by night in a pillar of fire , to give them light ; to go by day and night .
The commonality of religious teachings derives from many sources .
One is the common experiences and ( literally ) world shaking events which have molded our consciousnesses .
Whether it is the creation of the world itself , a Great Flood / Deluge , or an event which allows a massive exodus of a subjugated people from a powerful overlord , these are the paradigm shaking moments which must be accounted for in any religion .
A second reason for the commonality of religions is that the ancients did a lot of copying of others works .
Bernstein [ 3 ] , for example has written : “ When Moses led the Israelites out of the land of bondage , he carried with him the mysteries of Egyptian knowledge acquired by Moses himself at the court of the Pharaoh . ”
The Hebrews also took much of the knowledge of creation from the Babylonians , who had in turn learned their lessons from the Sumerians .
The Jewish Kaballah ( aka Ha Qabala ) is replicated in large part by the Christian Caballah , and the ecumenical Qaballah , and all may very well have originated from the Sumerians ’ “ Table of Destiny ” .
As Mark Twain has observed : “ The ancients have stolen all our really good , new ideas . ”
Differences in Religion are purely in the details and the facades we place around our core beliefs in order to appear unique .
On the one hand , religion ’s exoteric doctrines ( “ for the many ” ) designed for the common man contains all manner of interesting and original notions of what ’s important ( i.e. “ full of sound and fury and signifying nothing ” ) .
On the other hand , the esoteric doctrines ( “ for the few ” ) are where the real meat is , and is limited to those willing to make the effort to pursue the higher truths of life .
And the esoteric portions are also the connecting links of commonality of all viable religions .
At the most fundamental level , all religions are pretty much the same .
They are , after all , talking about the same Universal Creator , the same history of Earth ( however much we argue about the sequence and dating of events ) , and the same humanoids , extraterrestrials , and interdimensional beings running amuck on the planet ’s surface and surrounding space .
Everything is connected , everything is one .
But everything is also disguised in order to make it interesting in finding out how everything is one and connected .
Genesis Epic of Creation Chronicles of Earth Forward to : A Whimsical View Sumerian Hinduism Taoism
New :
The Milgram Effect
Freedom of Religion Holy War The Rules of Holy War
Racism and Culturalism Multiculturalism Perils of Immigration
Free Speech The ( 9 ) Supremes The Halls of SCOTUS
An American Third Party A Third Party That Knows How to Party
The Federal Reserve is Bankrupt
How Did It Happen and What are the Ugly Consequences ?
Matthias Chang writes : The Federal Reserve is bankrupt for all intents and purposes .
The same goes for the Bank of England !
This article will focus largely on the Fed , because the Fed is the " financial land - mine " .
How long can someone who has stepped on a landmine , remain standing – hours , days ?
Eventually , when he is exhausted and his legs give way , the mine will just explode !
The shadow banking system has not only stepped on the land - mine , it is carrying such a heavy load ( trillions of toxic wastes ) that sooner or later it will tilt , give way and trigger off the land - mine ! [ 1 ]
In a recent article , I referred to the remarks of British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and President Obama calling for the shadow banking system to be outlawed .
Even if the call was genuine , it is too late .
The land - mine has been triggered and the explosion cannot be averted under any circumstances .
The only issue is the extent of the damage to the global economy and how long it will take for the world to recover from this fiasco – a financial madness that has no precedent .
The great depression is " Mary Poppins " in comparison !
The idea of a central bank going bankrupt is not that outlandish .
I am by no means the first author who has given this stark warning .
What underlies this crisis ( which I initially examined in an article in December 2006 ) is the potential collapse of the global banking system , specifically the Shadow Money - Lenders .
Nouriel Roubini , the New York University professor said [ 2 ] :
" The process of socialising the private losses from this crisis has moved many of the liabilities of the private sector onto the books of the sovereign .
At some point a sovereign bank may crack , in which case , the ability of the government to credibly commit to act as a backstop for the financial system – including deposit guarantees – could come unglued . "
Please read the underlined words again .
" Sovereign bank " means central bank .
When a central bank " cracks " i.e. becomes insolvent , " all hell breaks lose " , because as the professor correctly pointed out , " any government guarantees will ring hollow and will be useless " .
If a central bank goes belly up , it is as good as the government going bankrupt .
Period !
In another article , Roubini admitted that the pressure on " the financial land - mine " is totally unbearable .
He wrote : " The US Financial system is effectively insolvent " .
It follows that if the financial system is bankrupt , it is a matter of time before the " sovereign bank " goes belly up .
This is a given !
He stated further that :
" Thus , the U.S. financial system is de facto nationalized , as the Federal Reserve has become the lender of first and only resort rather than the lender of last resort , and the U.S. Treasury is the spender and guarantor of first and only resort .
The only issue is whether banks and financial institutions should also be nationalized de jure .
" AIG which lost $ 62 billion in the fourth quarter and $ 99 billion in all of 2008 is already 80 % government - owned .
With such staggering losses , it should be formally 100 % government - owned .
And now the Fed and Treasury commitments of public resources to the bailout of the shareholders and creditors of AIG have gone from $ 80 billion to $ 162 billion .
" Given that common shareholders of AIG are already effectively wiped out ( the stock has become a penny stock ) , the bailout of AIG is a bailout of the creditors of AIG that would now be insolvent without such a bailout .
AIG sold over $ 500 billion of toxic credit default swap protection , and the counter - parties of this toxic insurance are major U.S. broker - dealers and banks .
" News and banks analysts ' reports suggested that Goldman Sachs got about $ 25 billion of the government bailout of AIG and that Merrill Lynch was the second largest benefactor of the government largesse .
These are educated guesses , as the government is hiding the counter - party benefactors of the AIG bailout .
( Maybe Bloomberg should sue the Fed and Treasury again to have them disclose this information . )
" But some things are known : Goldman 's Lloyd Blankfein was the only CEO of a Wall Street firm who was present at the New York Fed meeting when the AIG bailout was discussed .
So let us not kid each other :
The $ 162 billion bailout of AIG is a nontransparent , opaque and shady bailout of the AIG counter - parties : Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and other domestic and foreign financial institutions .
" So for the Treasury to hide behind the " systemic risk " excuse to fork out another $ 30 billion to AIG is a polite way to say that without such a bailout ( and another half - dozen government bailout programs such as TAF , TSLF , PDCF , TARP , TALF and a program that allowed $ 170 billion of additional debt borrowing by banks and other broker - dealers , with a full government guarantee ) , Goldman Sachs and every other broker - dealer and major U.S. bank would already be fully insolvent today .
" And even with the $ 2 trillion of government support , most of these financial institutions are insolvent , as delinquency and charge - off rates are now rising at a rate - given the macro outlook - that means expected credit losses for U.S. financial firms will peak at $ 3.6 trillion .
So , in simple words , the U.S. financial system is effectively insolvent . "
McClatchy newspaper reported ( 03/08/2009 ) bad news affecting the banks :
" America 's five largest banks , which already have received $ 145 billion in taxpayer bailout dollars , still face potentially catastrophic losses from exotic investments if economic conditions substantially worsen , their latest financial reports show .
" Citibank , Bank of America , HSBC Bank USA , Wells Fargo Bank and J.P. Morgan Chase reported that their " current " net loss risks from derivatives — insurance - like bets tied to a loan or other underlying asset — surged to $ 587 billion as of Dec. 31 .
Buried in end - of - the - year regulatory reports that McClatchy has reviewed , the figures reflect a jump of 49 percent in just 90 days .
" The disclosures underscore the challenges that the banks face as they struggle to navigate through a deepening recession in which all types of loan defaults are soaring .
" The government has since committed $ 182 billion to rescue AIG and , indirectly , investors on the other end of the firm 's swap contracts .
AIG posted a fourth quarter 2008 loss last week of more than $ 61 billion , the worst quarterly performance in U.S. corporate history .
" The five major banks , which account for more than 95 percent of U.S. banks ' trading in this array of complex derivatives , declined to say how much of the AIG bailout money flowed to them to make good on these contracts .
" The banks ' quarterly financial reports show that as of Dec. 31 :
— J.P. Morgan had potential current derivatives losses of $ 241.2 billion , outstripping its $ 144 billion in reserves , and future exposure of $ 299 billion .
— Citibank had potential current losses of $ 140.3 billion , exceeding its $ 108 billion in reserves , and future losses of $ 161.2 billion .
— Bank of America reported $ 80.4 billion in current exposure , below its $ 122.4 billion reserve , but $ 218 billion in total exposure .
— HSBC Bank USA had current potential losses of $ 62 billion , more than triple its reserves , and potential total exposure of $ 95 billion .
— San Francisco - based Wells Fargo , which agreed to take over Charlotte - based Wachovia in October , reported current potential losses totaling nearly $ 64 billion , below the banks ' combined reserves of $ 104 billion , but total future risks of about $ 109 billion .
" Kopff , the bank shareholders ' expert , said that several of the big banks ' risks are so large that they are " dead men walking . "
Berkshire Hathaway Chairman , Warren Buffett is so livid by the sheer magnitude of the financial mess that he said :
" These instruments [ derivatives ] have made it almost impossible for investors to understand and analyze our largest commercial banks and investment banks . . .
When I read the pages of ' disclosure ' in ( annual reports ) of companies that are entangled with these instruments , all I end up knowing is that I do n't know what is going on in their portfolios .
And then I reach for some aspirin . "
The above bad news refers to the losses and potential losses that the big banks have suffered and will suffer in the near future .
But what is overlooked by many financial analysts is that these very same derivative products have caused another financial organ failure .
And there is no way that the said organ can be resuscitated to its former state of health .
The Repo Market is gridlocked !
There has been an incestuous relationship between the traditional banking system and the shadow banking system and the link that joined the two together is the Repo Market . [ Repurchase Market ]
This is in fact the weakest link in the entire financial system .
This is a very technical subject and I seek your indulgence and patience when reading the remaining part of this article .
The gridlock of the repo market is the basis for my assertion that over and above the aforesaid dire financial facts , it is the major contributing factor to the bankruptcy of the Federal Reserve !
I want to use a simple analogy .
This will make the issue easier to understand .
Picture a one - inch diameter thick rope .
Such a rope is made up of a few strands of narrower ropes , say 1/10th inch which are twined together to make the thick one - inch diameter rope .
Picture again that all the outer strands have been burnt away , and what remains is the middle strand , still lifting the weight .
But this strand cannot on its own , lift such a weight and sooner or later , it will snap .
When that happens , the weight will come crashing down !
The middle strand is the repo market .
Alternatively , you can use the analogy that the repo market is the heart that pumps the blood ( the cash flow ) .
The financial system is the body and it has suffered a massive heart attack !
What is the repo market ?
The repo market is the market whereby all financial institutions ( regulated and unregulated ) invariably go to obtain financing to meet reserve requirements , bridging finance , to lend or purchase securities , to hedge and or to invest on short - term basis .
It used to be that mainly US Treasuries ( bear this in mind at all times ) were used as security for Repo transactions , as it is considered as most secure i.e. as good as cash since it is backed by the credit of the US government !
This requirement is no longer the case .
More of this issue later .
The Nature of Repo Transactions
In repo transactions , securities are exchanged for cash with an agreement to repurchase the securities at a future date .
The securities serve as collateral for what is effectively a cash loan .
A distinguishing feature of repos is that they can be used either to obtain funds or to obtain securities .
As repos are short - maturity collateralized instruments , repo markets have strong linkages with securities markets , derivative markets and other short term markets such as inter - bank and money markets . [ 3 ]
Like other financial markets , repo markets are subject to credit risks , operational risks and liquidity risks .
However , what distinguishes the credit risks on repos from that associated with uncollateralized instruments is that repos credit exposures arise from volatility ( or market risk ) in the value of collateral .
Bear this in mind at all times .
Repos allow institutions to use leverage to take larger positions in financial markets which could add to systemic risks .
Bear this in mind at all times .
And because of the close linkages between repo markets and securities markets , any shocks will be transmitted quickly , resulting in a gridlock .
Bear this in mind at all times .
Transactions covered by definition of repos are as follows :
( A) Repurchase Agreement
A repurchase agreement involves the sale of an asset under an agreement to repurchase the asset from the same counter - party .
Interest is paid on the repurchase agreement by adjusting the sale and purchase price .
A reverse repo is the purchase of an asset with an agreement to re-sell the same or a similar asset .
A hold - in - custody repurchase agreement is a trade whereby the repoer ( the borrower of cash ) continues to hold the collateralizing securities in custody for the lender of cash .
The risks are obvious !
A deliver - out repurchase agreement is where securities are delivered to the cash lender for custody in exchange for cash .
A tri-party repurchase agreement is similar to a deliver - out repurchase agreement , except that the security is placed in the custody of a third - party entity .
The third - party ensures that the security meets the cash lender ’s requirements and provides valuation and margining services .
This is the primary form of repurchase agreement for securities dealers in the United States .
Bank of New York and JP Morgan Chase are the two main custodians or clearing banks in the US and supervise the vast majority of the tri-party repos .
Bear this in mind at all times .
( B) Sell / Buy - Back Agreement
A sell buy - back is two distinct outright cash market trades , one for forward settlement .
The forward price is set relative to the spot price to yield a market rate of return .
( C) Securities Lending
This is where the owner of the security lends them to another person in return for a fee .
The borrower of the security is contractually obliged to redeliver a like quantity of the same securities , or return precisely the same securities .
Repos can be of any duration but are most commonly over - night loans .
Repos longer than over - night are called Term Repos .
There are also Open Repos which are transactions which can be terminated by both parties on a day ’s notice .
The largest players of repos and reverses are the dealers in government securities .
There are about 20 primary dealers recognised by the Fed which are authorised to bid for new - issued treasury securities for resale in the market .
The dealers are highly leveraged , 50 to 100 times their own capital .
To finance the purchase of treasury securities , the dealers need to have repo monies in large amounts on a continuing basis .
The institutions that supply such huge funds in the repo market are money funds , large corporations , state and local governments and foreign central banks .
The Repo Market and the Financial Crisis
As stated earlier when the repo market first started , US treasuries were the preferred security .
But when financial engineering exploded and many financial products ( i.e. CDOs ) were rated AAA by rating agencies , these securities were also traded as described above in the repo market .
This was when problems started .
According to Gary Gorton [ 4 ] , the repo market before the crisis was estimated to be worth a whopping $ 12 trillion as compared to the total assets in the entire US banking system of $ 10 trillion .
The former CEO of Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( NYFRB ) and now the US Treasury Secretary , Tim Geithner observed in 2008 :
" The structure of the financial system changed fundamentally during the boom , with dramatic growth in the share of assets outside the traditional banking system .
This non -bank financial system grew to be very large , particularly in money and funding markets .
" This parallel system financed some of these very assets on a very short term basis in the bilateral or tri-party repo markets .
As the volume of activity in repo markets grew , the variety of assets financed in this manner expanded beyond the most highly liquid securities to include less liquid securities , as well .
Nonetheless , these assets were assumed to be readily sellable at fair values , in part because assets with similar credit ratings had generally been tradable during past periods of financial stress .
And the liquidity supporting them was assumed to be continuous and essentially frictionless , because it had been so for a long time .
" The scale of long term risky and relatively illiquid assets financed by very short - term liabilities made many of the vehicles and institutions in this parallel financial system vulnerable to a classic type run , but without the protection such as deposit insurance that the banking system has in place to reduce such risks . "
Economic historians will argue for another century as to the cause for the run on the repo market .
The collapse of Bear Stearns is as good a starting point as any .
When the market discovered that its securities were duds , pure junk , shock waves ripped through the system .
Recall that I had mentioned earlier that Federal Bank of New York and JP Morgan Chase were the primary clearing banks for repos .
The Fed ’s rescue of Bear Stearns through JP Morgan was not so much to save the former but rather to shore up the " clearing system " of the repos for which JP Morgan Chase and the Bank of New York were the main pillars .
One of the functions of a " clearing bank " for repos is to value and match securities tendered for cash borrowings .
If Bear Stearns securities are now valued as junks , the integrity of JP Morgan and Federal Bank of New York as clearing banks in this market is as good as zero !
And bearing in mind that the five major investment banks in the US rely heavily on the repo market for their funding , any gridlock in this part of the shadow banking system would tear wide open the entire banking system , including the traditional counter - part .
Hence , the FED intervention by the creation of the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) which was in effect the backstop for all investment banking using tri-party repos !
This was what Bernanke said :
" We have been working with market participants to develop a contingency plan should there ever occur a loss of confidence in either of the two clearing banks that facilitate the settlement of tri-party repos . "
Louis Crandall , economist at Wrightson ICAP observed :
" The vulnerability of the tri-party repo system has been a recurring theme among Federal Reserve and Treasury officials in recent weeks . "
The inherent weakness of tri-party repos is that the counter - party risks of billions worth of funding agreements are shouldered by essentially two players – Federal Bank of New York and JP Morgan Chase .
Yet , way back then , they were held up as rock solid .
It is almost hilarious to read the then advert of the Federal Bank of New York as to their expertise and service :
" Sophisticated collateral selection : enforce diversification and credit quality ; control adequacy , volatility & liquidity .
" Cutting edge infrastructure : economies of scale facilitate extensive data warehousing , access to more asset classes and markets , auto - substitution , auto - allocation & optimisation technology , same day reporting .
" Introduction to new counterparts : A Global Collateral Clearing House . "
Panic swept across the entire repo market .
No securities were considered safe enough for repos except US treasuries .
Fundings in the repo market grind to a halt .
Market players withdrew funds and began hoarding treasuries .
The rest who own structured products were slaughtered .
I would like to quote Gary Gorton again :
" Imagine a firm that is levered 30:1 , by borrowing in the repo market .
If the haircut [ 5 ] doubles , or goes from zero to a positive amount , the required deleveraging is massive !
Most investment banks were levered 30:1 , equivalent to about a 3 per cent haircut .
If the haircut rises to 6 per cent , at least half the assets will have to be sold .
" Another sign of trouble is a ‘ repo fail ’ .
A ‘ repo fail ’ occurs when one side of the agreement fails to abide by the contract .
[ Fail to deliver the security under the repurchase agreement . ]
" Dealer banks would not accept collateral because they rightly believed that if they had to seize the collateral should the counter - party fail , then there would be no market in which to sell it .
This was due to the absence of buyers because of the deleveraging .
This led to an absence of prices for these securities .
If the value can not be determined because there is no market – no liquidity or there is the concern that if the asset is seized by the lender , it will not be saleable at all , then the dealer will not engage in repo .
Repo dealers report that there was uncertainty about whether to believe the ratings on these structured products , and in a very fast moving environment , the response was to pull back from accepting anything structured .
If no one would accept structured products for repo , then these bonds could not be traded – and then no one would want to accept them in repo transactions . "
This change led to a sharp increase in the demand for government securities for repo transactions , which was compounded by significantly higher safe - haven demand for US Treasuries and the increased unwillingness to lend such securities in repo transactions .
As the crisis unfolded , this combination resulted in US government collateral becoming extremely scarce . [ 6 ]
I will now turn to the issue of the FED ’s solvency .
As has been observed , the Fed intervened aggressively to check the run on the repo market .
Various measures were taken , but in my view the most dangerous was the widening of the collaterals which the Fed was willing to accept to secure funding of the players in the repo market .
The Fed also intervened by lending a huge chunk of its US treasuries in exchange for junks to facilitate credit expansion .
In the result , what happened was that the Fed ’s present balance sheet of approximately $ 2 trillion is made up mostly of junk securities .
The Fed is no different from banks in that confidence in the quality of its assets is critical and that if and when the market recovers , there is in fact a market for the junk assets that it took on to unravel the gridlock in the financial markets .
By way of analogy , if your high street bank ’s balance sheet is made up of junk , what would you do ?
There are just not enough assets to meet its liabilities .
But of course , one can argue that the Fed is not your high street bank .
It is the central bank of the mighty USA .
It will always be able to " print money " or " digitalise " money and keep the markets going .
But beware that the Federal Reserve Note is mere paper , fiat money which cannot be redeemed for anything tangible such as gold .
And although it is stated boldly in the notes issued - " In God we trust " - you and I are not actually placing our trust in God when accepting the Federal Reserve Notes as " money " .
When Joe Six -Packs realises that the Federal Reserve Note is not even secured by US treasuries and or the FED has real tangible assets , but its balance sheet is littered with junks and toxic waste , there will be a run on the Fed i.e. when Americans and foreigners no longer have faith in the Federal Reserve Notes as " money " .
If confidence could vaporise in a second and cause a stampede in what was once considered solid security , the triple A rated bonds in the repo and money markets , the same confidence that is now reposed in the Federal Reserve Notes can likewise disappear into the memory hole .
All these years , the con was maintained by the Fed that it was solid because it has on its balance sheet over $ 800 billion of US treasuries i.e. its notes " were so - called backed by these treasuries " .
It could sell its treasuries in the repo market for cash and thereby control the money flows in the economy and vice versa .
In their subconscious mind , Americans and stupid foreign central banks and their executives ( brain - washed by the Chicago School of Economics ) somehow believe in the infallibility of the Fed .
Now it has been exposed that the Fed ’s " assets " comprise of junk bonds and toxic wastes .
The Emperor has no clothes !
Paul Volcker , former Chairman of the Federal Reserve may have given the ultimate epitaph : " The bright new financial system – for all its talented participants , for all its rich rewards – has failed the test of the market place . "
And it is any wonder that Professor Nouriel Roubini declared :
" The process of socialising the private losses from this crisis has already moved many liabilities of the private sector onto the books of the sovereign .
At some point a sovereign bank may crack , in which case the ability of the government to credibly commit to act as a backstop for the financial system – including deposit guarantees – could come unglued . "
In my opinion , the Fed has already become " unglued " .
Whatever guarantees given to secure the indebtedness of CitiGroup and others to prevent a run on these banks are useless .
It is bankrupt !
End Notes
[ 1 ]
There are two banking systems in existence today .
The Traditional Banking System – i.e. High Street banks and the Shadow Banking System .
But the players in both the systems overlap because , the major banks of the traditional system helped spawn the shadow banking system .
In fact they are the key players in the use of the so - called " new financial products , the CDOs , CLOs , MBS " etc and which have now turned toxic – worthless , junk to be exact .
[ 2 ]
See my website archives : Roubini Warns of Sovereign Bank Failure – February 20 , 2009 www.theage.com.au
[ 3 ]
See : Implications of repo markets for central banks , CGFS Publications No 10 , March 1999 .
[ 4 ]
Gary Gorton , Information , Liquidity , and the ( Ongoing ) Panic of 2007 prepared for the Jackson Hole Conference 2008
[ 5 ] " haircut " here refers to the rate payable for the cash loan or the margin .
[ 6 ]
Peter Hordahl and Martin R King , Developments in repo markets during the financial turmoil BIS Quarterly Review , December 2008
Matthias Chang is a prominent barrister , author and analyst of the New World Order based in Malaysia .
His website : www.FutureFastForward.com.
Matthias Chang is a frequent contributor to Global Research .
© Copyright Matthias Chang , Global Research , 2009
Disclaimer :
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s ) .
The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible or liable for any inaccurate or incorrect statements contained in this article .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
OTTAWA – The Canadian and Ontario governments will give General Motors of Canada Ltd. and Chrysler Canada Inc. up to $ 4 billion in interim loans , which officials say is enough money to get the troubled automakers through restructuring .
" We 've come to , or very close to , the fork in the road , " federal Industry Minister Tony Clement said at a news conference , adding the current restructuring plans " do not go far enough to ensure long - term viability of the companies " .
There will be no further help from the governments if the restructuring plans are not certified , a senior official with Industry Canada told reporters earlier .
In a deal to be finalized today , Chrysler will receive up to $ 1 billion over the next 30 days , conditional on the completion of an alliance with Italian car manufacturer Fiat SpA .
Chrysler needs an alliance with Fiat to achieve economies of scale because right now it is not big enough to compete in the North American marketplace , the official said .
The governments are ready to loan up to $ 3 billion to GM with a deadline of 60 days for their restructuring plans but the agreement has not yet been finalized .
The official said the governments are not satisfied with labour cuts GM has already announced and are looking for further reductions in what he called " legacy costs , " such as pensions and benefits for retired workers .
Conditions on the loans include : limits on executive pay , including performance pay , particularly for Canadian executives ; regular reports throughout the duration of the loan ; and unimpeded access to borrowers ' records .
In general , the official said both companies must reassess assumptions they made about how many cars they could sell in North America and return to the government with more realistic estimates .
In the case of Chrysler , which will get the first $ 250 million by the end of day , the funding was needed just so the company could meet payroll , Clement said .
" Very clearly if the money had not been forwarded today , they would not been able to meet payroll today or tomorrow , " the minister said .
" We were faced with this choice of a disorderly bankruptcy where if liquidation would have been the result , whole plants or parts of plants could have been ripped up from Canadian soil and transferred to another country , India or China , who knows , and obviously the jobs would have gone with them . "
U.S. President Barack Obama said today that neither General Motors nor Chrysler has proposed sweeping enough changes to justify further large federal bailouts , and demanded " painful concessions " from creditors , unions and others as their price for survival .
Obama also raised the possibility of a controlled bankruptcy to help either or both " restructure quickly and emerge stronger " – uttering the term that industry and union officials have warned repeatedly could lead to the collapse of an entire domestic industry .
The U.S. president said the plan was drafted after consulting officials in Canada and Mexico , adding that the Canadian government has " indicated its support for our approach . "
With his words , Obama underscored the extent to which the U.S. government is now dictating terms to two of America 's iconic corporations – forcing the departure of Rick Wagoner as CEO of General Motors ( NYSE : GM ) , and bluntly warning it may pull the plug on either or both companies .
An official said the Canadian federal government is not asking for any changes to the Canadian executive team .
The official would not comment on a tax dispute Chrysler is having with Ottawa except to say that the issues are separate and that the loan is not a way to collect back taxes from the company .
Chrysler has said that in the current loan negotiations with the federal government , the company needs the Canada Revenue Agency to provide a letter saying the automaker would not be required to put up more money as collateral while a lengthy tax dispute continues .
The auto makers were originally supposed to submit finalized restructuring plans , including new labour contracts , to both governments by tomorrow in order to receive the financial assistance they have asked for .
GM is asking for more than $ 6 billion and Chrysler is asking for $ 3 billion in Canada , which is home to about 20 per cent of the North American car industry .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said the government is prepared to do its 20 - per-cent share but the Industry Canada official said GM and Chrysler would not necessarily receive the amounts they are asking for .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Harper and Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty originally announced the bridge financing last December 20 .
With files from Star wire services .
Read more about :
How Scala Changed My Programming Style
by Bill Venners
First Published in Parleys Magazine at Devoxx , December 2008
Reprinted on Artima , April 29 , 2009
Advertisement
Summary
Learning a new programming language sometimes influences how you code in other languages , too .
In this essay , Bill Venners shares how learning Scala influenced his programming style .
Each time I learn a new language , I learn something about programming .
When I learned Java as a C++ programmer , for example , Java 's interface construct taught me the value of multiply inheriting from pure abstract base classes .
Although this style of programming was possible in C++ , I did n't think about multiple inheritance this way in my C++ days , and I did n't use abstract base classes much in my C++ designs .
Once I began programming in Java , however , I started using the style all the time .
Learning about Java — in particular , its interface construct — changed how I approached OO design .
A similar effect has happened as I 've learned to program in Scala .
In the past two years I 've worked quite a bit with Scala , a new statically typed language for the Java Platform that fuses object - oriented and functional programming concepts .
Scala allows me to write code that 's almost as concise as Ruby or Python .
I can call into Java libraries , including my existing Java libraries , from Scala as easily as I can from Java .
Given that Scala is statically typed , I enjoy the benefits of static typing such as types as documentation , code completion in IDEs , deterministic refactoring , and execution speed .
( The performance of Scala programs is about the same as Java programs . )
But Scala also gives me concise and type - safe ways of accessing some of the benefits traditionally associated with dynamic languages , such as the ability to add new methods to existing classes , or to pass types that do n't share a common hierarchy to a method .
How did Scala change how I think about programming ?
In short : I learned to appreciate the functional style .
The functional style of programming emphasizes immutable objects , variables that can be initialized but not reassigned ( final variables in Java ) , transformation of data structures , and methods and control constructs that result in a value but have no side effects .
At the other end of the spectrum is the imperative style , which is characterized by mutable objects , variables that can be reassigned ( normal variables in Java ) , indexing through data structures , and methods and control constructs with side - effects .
Although Scala is often touted as a functional programming language , it is not exclusively functional .
Scala supports both functional and imperative styles .
You can , if you choose , program in Scala much the same way you program in Java , which is likely a predominantly imperative style .
This helps ease the Scala learning curve , but as you get more familiar with Scala , you might find yourself preferring functional alternatives .
I did .
Why ?
I discovered that functional style code tends to be more concise and less error prone than the corresponding imperative style code .
Functional style code is often higher level , which makes it quicker to write and easier to read .
As an example , consider this Java code , which determines whether a string contains an upper case character :
boolean nameHasUpperCase = false ; //
This is Java for ( int i = 0 ; i < name.length ( ) ; ++i ) { if ( Character.isUpperCase(name.charAt( i ) ) ) { nameHasUpperCase = true ; break ; } }
The imperative style is in evidence here , because the nameHasUpperCase variable is reassigned as a side effect of the for loop , which iterates through the characters in the string by indexing .
You can achieve the same result more concisely in Java like this :
boolean nameHasUpperCase = !name.toLowerCase ().equals ( name ) ;
This line of Java code exhibits a more functional style , because it transforms immutable data : the name string is transformed to another , different string that is all lower case , then that value is transformed to a boolean result .
In addition , the nameHasUpperCase variable is initialized , but at least in this snippet of code , not reassigned .
It would be more clearly functional if the variable were final .
In Scala , you could write code similar to the previous two examples , but the most idiomatic way to write this in Scala is :
val nameHasUpperCase = name.exists(_.isUpperCase )
The nameHasUpperCase variable is declared as a val , a variable that can be initialized but not reassigned ( similar to a final variable in Java ) .
Even though no explicit type annotations appear in this example , Scala 's type inference mechanism assigns type Boolean to nameHasUpperCase .
The exists method iterates through a collection of objects and passes each element in turn to the passed function object .
Here , the name string is being treated as a collection of characters , so exists will pass each character of the string to the function .
The _.isUpperCase syntax is a function literal in Scala , a shorthand way to write a bit of code that can be passed around and invoked .
The underscore stands for the function 's lone parameter .
You can think of the underscore , therefore , as a blank that 's filled in each time the function is invoked .
If the exists method finds that the function returns true for one of the passed characters — i.e. , that one of the characters is upper case — it returns true .
Otherwise it returns false .
Although the last one - liner may look cryptic to someone not familiar with Scala , once you know Scala , you 'll be able to see at a glance the purpose of this code .
By contrast the other two versions will take just a bit more study .
Another difference to note is that a potential off - by - one error exists in the imperative example , because you must explicitly indicate the upper index to which to iterate .
This error can't happen in the functional versions , and in this way , the functional versions are less error prone .
Lastly , I want to point out that I did not turn " completely functional " when I went to Scala .
Although I 've found that functional style code is most often more concise , clearer , and less error prone , I 've also found that that sometimes the imperative style leads to clearer , more concise code .
In such cases I use it .
Scala allows me to use both imperative and functional styles easily , to combine them in the way I find most optimal for the clarity of the code .
Share Your Opinion :
Have an opinion on how one learning a new language can influence your general coding style ?
Discuss this article in the Articles Forum topic , How Scala Changed My Programming Style .
Resources
Bill Venners is coauthor of Programming in Scala :
http://www.artima.com/shop/programming_in_scala
Bill Venners is also creator of ScalaTest , a general - purpose testing framework written in Scala :
http://www.scalatest.org
The Scala programming language website is at :
http://www.scala-lang.org
For a good overview of what Scala programming is all about , watch The Feel of Scala video on Parleys.com :
http://tinyurl.com/dcfm4c
WALL - E's Journal , September 2700
Found hubcap in pile of rubble this evening .
Crumpled and dull like rest of brown cursed earth .
Time to retire to Waste Allocation rover for sleep mode .
Feed cockroach twinkie .
Hello Dolly !
playing on constant loop .
Tape I fear is losing its fidelity .
Only dance sequences left .
The piles of trash heap high like a million rancid mountains excreting from the earth 's crust .
Must pile high .
Must follow directive .
Cockroach 's repetitive squeaks and chirps pierce soul like an abattoir full of retarded children .
Requiring Interpretation Proves A Religion False
The Bible , Koran , Torah , Book of Mormon , and several others can be interpreted in such a way that thousands of sects have branched out from them .
This fact , to me , is a perfect example for why these were n’t written or inspired by the creator of all things .
This is the major problem with false religions in general .
If a god has really inspired their book then he would have inspired them to write it in such a way that it would be true for all people and ages .
The range of how these texts can be read can lead one group of people to complete non-violence or to jihadists and the KKK .
If these people can justify all kinds of cruelty through a misinterpretation then it was not written by a benevolent , omniscient , universe creating skyhook .
A god who knows all things ; what has happened , what is happening , what will happen , and shapes how the future occurs would be able to word a book more perfectly than those available .
It would explain the reasons for why things were disallowed in detail enough to show the perfect wisdom of such actions .
Instead we have “ do n’t do this , if someone does do it , kill them ” and then later in the book it says “ do n’t kill anyone ” .
If a book were really the will of a perfect mind then it could be five or ten thousand pages and people would still flock to it .
Perfect wisdom would command such a thing out an individual .
A book written by a god would not be open to interpretation , every dilemma we might face would be in the book somehow and there would be no contradictions .
Anyone who read it would understand it so perfectly that the message would n’t be lost even when translated to another language , no matter the level of the reader ’s intelligence or the time period in which the reader lives .
If future predictions were made they would be in great detail with no ambiguity .
I would expect nothing but the best explanation from something that wants to impose it ’s own morality on another being and this is not what we have from any of the major texts .
Now this argument does n’t rule out the possibility that a god exists , which was not my intent for this post anyway .
My point is : either all of these gods are less intelligent than the average atheist , or these scriptures are not the divinely inspired word of supreme intelligence .
If I had to pick one , I would prefer a disinterested god over one of these imbeciles .
Thankfully , I can pick none .
" First they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . "
~ Mohandas K. Gandhi
All the mainstream news outlets are laughing at the secession sentiment across the nation , so brace yourself .
There are over eight state sovereignty resolutions floating about under the rubric of the Ninth and Tenth Amendments in addition to nearly twenty pending resolutions in other states .
The DC embrace of Obamunism is frightening plenty of folks to include state legislators and driving Montana to kick the ATF out of the state in a landmark move to completely ignore the unconstitutional and hoplophobic notions of our rulers in Mordor on the Potomac when it comes to the keeping and bearing of weapons .
Secession has been broached in polite conversation by the Governor of Texas , no less .
It is not as if the notion is new since the unfortunate victory of Union / Yankee forces in 1865 .
New England threatened it decades before Lincoln ’s War and the Great Depression spawned a variety of secessionist discontents .
We do n’t have to be embarrassed by the notion of secession .
We are a nation birthed in divorce from a tyrannical Crown and the Second American Revolution popularly known as the Civil War .
Lincoln ’s Jacobins won that fight but we do n’t have to suffer that forever nor yield them a high ground of virtue .
The esteemed Donald Livingston avers :
" As part of expanding this imagination , we must work to remove the moral and philosophical prejudice against the very idea of secession .
America was born in secession ; secession is essential to the idea of a self - governing people ; and until 1865 was widely considered an option available to an American state in all parts of the union .
But secession short of national sovereignty is also possible .
Parts of cities and counties may secede .
A part of a state may secede and form another state as twenty - seven counties in northern California proposed to do in 1992 .
The mere discussion of the merits of such proposals , whether or not they succeed , will serve to detoxify the idea of secession and re-awaken in Americans the long slumbering notion of self - government induced by the opiate of the Lincolnian ideology of a modern unitary American state . "
For the first time in generations , secession can be a topic of polite conversation albeit slightly odd .
We need to capitalize on this and shake Americans out of the government supremacist fever dream that has gripped these united States since the woeful conclusion of the Second American Revolution .
A number of readers have written and inquired after a basic canon of reading to reinforce the intellectual gunships of our minds for the coming fight .
I have made a number of book recommendations throughout my essays and these will be new additions .
I am purposefully suggesting the more arcane or unknown tomes because many writers before me have provided ample lists or annotated bibliographies .
Consider this an introductory sampling to whet your insurrectionist taste buds .
First and foremost , the number one imprint in my mind for these books is Liberty Fund .
I have been collecting their books for nearly two decades and the offerings are huge and may consume a lifetime of reading pleasure and exploration in the mental forests of liberty and freedom .
Tall timber indeed .
Start with Cato ’s Letters by Trenchard and Gordon loosely credited with providing tremendous impetus to the First American Revolution .
They are lyrical , witty and eminently readable despite their eighteenth - century pedigree .
In Cato Number 15 ( 1720 ) , to wit :
" Freedom of speech is the great bulwark of liberty ; they prosper and die together :
And it is the terror of traitors and oppressors , and a barrier against them .
It produces excellent writers , and encourages men of fine genius .
Tacitus tells us , that the Roman commonwealth bred great and numerous authors , who writ with equal boldness and eloquence :
But when it was enslaved , those great wits were no more . "
Next , I would suggest Hyneman and Lutz’ American Political Writing During the Founding Era : 1760 — 1805 .
Worth every penny just to read the stirring Noah Webster entry , “ An Oration on the Anniversary of the Declaration of Independence ” ( 1802 ) .
Take a gander at the selections available at Liberty Fund and you will find plenty of other books which speak to the issues of today despite their antiquarian vintage .
There is a reason the Founders bridged back to the Greco / Roman epochs for their primary inspirations .
Now for the real intellectual heavy lifting .
Start a liberty reading group and get together over adult beverages to discuss these .
Look for a copy of the Anti-Federalist Papers and absorb these documents .
They speak more to the libertarian mindset than the oft - quoted Hamiltonian articles and essays in the Federalist Papers .
The next volume would be a modest but important tome called Men Against the State : The Expositors of Individualist Anarchism , 1827 — 1908 by James J. Martin .
Martin rivals Harry Elmer Barnes as one of the most important historical revisionist influences in American letters and a bracing writer at that .
He explores a relatively unheralded fight by the embryonic state resisters in the nineteenth century after the initial hopes of limited government are dashed against the rocks of statism .
Martin ’s books provides a wonderful introduction to the man I consider the giant of liberty in the nineteenth century , Lysander Spooner .
Lawyer , abolitionist and fiery polemicist , Spooner was prolific and devastating in his critiques of the state and its predations .
Spooner ’s No Treason is the first stop but you will find his reasoning irresistible to pursue .
In a letter to Grover Cleveland ( one of my favorite Presidents ) , he comments on his Inaugural Speech :
" Sir , if a government is to “ do equal and exact justice to all men , ” it must do simply that , and nothing more .
If it does more than that to any , — that is , if it gives monopolies , privileges , exemptions , bounties , or favors to any , — it can do so only by doing injustice to more or less others .
It can give to one only what it takes from others ; for it has nothing of its own to give to any one .
The best that it can do for all , and the only honest thing it can do for any , is simply to secure to each and every one his own rights , — the rights that nature gave him , — his rights of person , and his rights of property ; leaving him , then , to pursue his own interests , and secure his own welfare , by the free and full exercise of his own powers of body and mind ; so long as he trespasses upon the equal rights of no other person . "
We move on to the trenchant critiques of the War of Northern Aggression of which Charles Adams is the first stop in his magisterial When in the Course of Human Events .
I can recommend no more accessible and informative read for the layman than this treatise on why secession was not only justified but an imperative for survival of the Southron culture and people at the time .
I eagerly await his anticipated volume on the exchanges between John Stuart Mill and Charles Dickens as the latter manned the gunwales to mount a withering defense of the Confederacy in the London papers .
There is an entire cottage industry on Confederate apologia available as evidenced by the King Lincoln archives on LRC .
In addition , both of DiLorenzo ’s books on Lincoln are excellent resources .
I find the twentieth century is chock - full of courageous writers who speak to the individualist / non- interventionist strain of political philosophy to draw intellectual armament for the secession fight here and now .
Whether it is Mencken , Nock or Chodorov ; they are a sampling of the vast pool of knowledge presently in the memory hole which will lead us out of our present regrettable circumstances as a nation .
I would recommend the entire canon of my friend , Kirkpatrick Sale , leading sage of the Middlebury Institute and a keen advocate of secession .
I also consider Gore Vidal ’s canon to be an almost seamless narrative education in historical fiction on why the American Leviathan was destined to become the monster it is .
I actually consider Vidal the keenest novelist in the twentieth century .
And lastly , I would offer the fascinating ruminations of Bill Kaufmann , the iconoclastic author of Look Homeward America :
In Search of Reactionary Radicals , an excellent writer who offers some savvy observations on America ’s historical flirtation with localism and decentralist tendencies .
This list is not comprehensive by any stretch and I am sure more recommendations will follow in the future .
I have arranged the books in a relatively chronological order for simplicity ’s sake .
America has been the most nourishing soil for individualism in the West since the Hellenic world .
Individualism and the state do n’t mix .
The scales are falling away .
Eyes front , the fight is ahead of us .
Tom Paine would be proud .
“ The liberties of our country , the freedom of our civil constitution , are worth defending at all hazards ; and it is our duty to defend them against all attacks .
We have received them as a fair inheritance from our worthy ancestors ; they purchased them for us with toil and danger and expense of treasure and blood .
It will bring an everlasting mark of infamy on the present generation , enlightened as it is , it we should suffer them to be wrested from us by violence without a struggle , or be cheated out of them by the artifices of false and designing men . ”
~ Samuel Adams , article published in 1771
The Best of William Buppert
Tough interrogation spread outwards from Guantanamo , the report said US government backing for the CIA 's harsh interrogation methods set the tone for abuses by US troops towards detainees in Iraq , a US report says .
It was not appropriate simply to blame low - ranking officers for what occurred at Abu Ghraib prison , the report by the Senate Armed Services Committee said .
Top officials had sent the message that such acts were appropriate , it stated .
The report follows the release of Bush - era memos that justify the use of what some critics say amounts to torture .
The memos detail a range of methods the CIA could use on terrorism suspects under the previous government .
These included week - long sleep deprivation , forced nudity and the use of painful positions , as well as water - boarding - a technique which simulates drowning .
' Erosion in standards '
The Senate committee 's 263 - page report was entitled : " Inquiry into the treatment of detainees in US custody " .
It examined how the use of harsh interrogation tactics by the CIA at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre came to be approved and the effect this had on policy towards detainees elsewhere .
Authorisations of aggressive interrogation techniques ... conveyed the message that physical pressures and degradation were appropriate treatment for detainees in US military custody
Senator Carl Levin
Cheney enters ' torture ' memos row Q&A : Waterboarding
The report sets out how , shortly after the 11 September 2001 attacks , Pentagon officials sought information on harsh interrogation methods from specialist military trainers .
Despite warnings from military personnel that the use of these on Guantanamo detainees could backfire , 15 specific techniques were sanctioned by then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld on 2 December 2002 , the report said .
What followed was " an erosion in standards dictating that detainees be treated humanely " , it said .
That these techniques had been endorsed became known by US troops in Afghanistan and Iraq , setting the stage for the abuses that took place at Abu Ghraib and elsewhere , it said .
" In my judgment , the report represents a condemnation of both the Bush administration 's interrogation policies and of senior administration officials who attempted to shift the blame for abuse - such as that seen at Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo Bay and Afghanistan - to low - ranking soldiers , " said Senator Carl Levin , the committee chairman .
Claims that detainee abuses could be chalked up to the unauthorised acts of a " few bad apples " , were simply false , he said .
" Authorisations of aggressive interrogation techniques by senior officials resulted in abuse and conveyed the message that physical pressures and degradation were appropriate treatment for detainees in US military custody , " he said .
' Damaged image '
Mr Obama is under growing pressure from his own party and rights organisations not to rule out the prosecution of officials who authorised the techniques .
National Intelligence Director Dennis Blair , one of Mr Obama 's top aides on national security , told staff in a letter last week that the interrogations had resulted in " high - value information " .
But in a statement on Tuesday , Mr Blair said that he had strongly supported the president 's declaration that harsh interrogation techniques would no longer be used , and that such methods were not needed to keep the nation safe .
" The information gained from these techniques was valuable in some instances , but there is no way of knowing whether the same information could have been obtained through other means , " Mr Blair said .
" The bottom line is these techniques have hurt our image around the world , the damage they have done to our interests far outweighed whatever benefit they gave us , and they are not essential to our national security . "
But some Bush administration officials have defended the policy .
On Monday , former Vice - President Dick Cheney said that the techniques produced results .
He called for the release of documents demonstrating that important intelligence had been obtained through harsh interrogation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There 's a lot to love about being single .
You save money on Valentine 's Day gifts , you get to meet new and interesting people and sometimes you even get to have sex with them .
But it 's not all knocking boots and freedom .
There are some aspects of single life that might , in fact , be seen as less than desirable .
And then there are these five facts that will make you wish you got married in high school ...
Advertisement
5 You Get Paid Less Continue Reading Below Advertisement Single People Tell Themselves :
Of course my married co-workers take home a little more scratch than me !
They tend to be older and lamer , and most corporate pay - scales are directly tied to how old and lame you are .
" We deserve more money , because we 're so close to death . "
The Truth : You 've got one part right :
Your married co-workers take home more money .
Just how much you 're getting cornholed depends on who you ask , but a recent study pegged it at about 27 percent .
But it 's not just age .
The above study was based on identical twins where the bachelor was just as educated as his married dopelganger .
In fact , even if you and a married man do the same job at the same level of competence for the same number of years , the guy with the ring takes home more than you .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" And I do n't even like my wife , you chump ! "
There are a couple of possible explanations for this and , contrary to what you might want to believe , none of them involve your boss being jealous of your electrifying sex life .
The explanation married guys are most likely to cite is a little old fashioned elbow grease .
It 's hard not to hustle when the option behind door number two is " let your wife and kids starve to death . "
Meanwhile , single guys are more likely to take a sick day to sleep off an especially bad hangover , or quit a great job because the nachos in the cafeteria suck .
And even if your married co-worker is the slap dick and you 're the responsible one , the perception still may not change .
From your boss 's perspective , that guy 's money is going toward feeding his kids .
Yours could be going toward any number of elicit activities he 's vaguely aware of .
One of those sex parties he 's seen on those HBO documentaries , perhaps .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Fixed Async loading crash
Fixed windows vs fullscreen crash
Fixed leaderboards exploit
Reduced time it takes for pigs to eat poo piles
Increased total amount of boost for UFO
Increased UFO speed when carrying
Updates to FLOCK !
have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
After Greenpeace released its tissue - buying guide last month , the Internet was up in arms about the destructive practices of tissue and toilet paper companies .
Chief among the offenders is Kleenex producer Kimberly - Clark , which according to Greenpeace gets up to 22 % of its pulp from Canadian boreal forests containing 200 year - old trees .
Kimberly - Clark has responded to Greenpeace ’s allegations by saying that it actually only gets 14 % of its wood from the boreal forests –effectively confirming that it uses a large amount of the virgin fiber .
So it comes as a surprise to learn that Kimberly - Clark was named an EPA Energy Star Partner of the Year due to its “ ongoing efforts to increase energy efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas emissions across its operations . ”
Kimberly - Clark goes on in its press release to explain that the EPA has recognized the company ’s “ use of more energy efficient equipment and lighting fixtures , programs to raise employees ’ awareness of their role in improving energy efficiency , and greater use of renewable energy sources . ”
It seems strange that a company which cuts down 200 - year old greenhouse gas - absorbing trees should be praised for its reductions in greenhouse gas emissions .
And if Kimberly - Clark can take the time to use sustainable energy , why ca n’t it use sustainable resources –i.e. recycled fiber ?
Because as we recently learned , soft , fluffy recycled tissues are possible .
Sustainability should n’t be looked at in a vacuum–every aspect of Kimberly - Clark ’s operations should be taken into account .
We ’re all for companies being justly recognized for their environmental efforts , but in this case , the EPA ’s praise falls flat .
[ Via PR Newswire ]
Skip to comments .
Regarding salty talk aimed at the president ( or other officials ) vs visits from the SS
March 5 , 2009 | Jim Robinson
Posted on by Jim Robinson
Unfortunately , we are saddled with a communist sympathizer in the White House .
I do n't know whether or not he's an actual card carrying commie , but he 's definitely an America - hating , anti-capitalist Marxist leftist who thinks communism is the way to go .
Now I remember when America used to fight against communism .
It was n't that long ago .
Many of us on FR are veterans of wars against communism and some of us believe that American citizens who are communists are the enemy within , ie , the domestic enemy we 've sworn to defend against .
American citizen ? hmmmm ... that may be a loophole for Obama .
At any rate , the oath is to defend our constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic .
I can imagine that this places an enormous strain on our Secret Service agents .
It 's obvious to anyone with a brain that Obama is an enemy of the constitution .
So should the SS defend the constitution or defend the anti-constitution commie ?
So now comes the problem .
If you feel it 's your duty to call Obama a traitor and use salty language in your proposed resolution , ie , suggest the commie be keelhauled , walked off the plank , run up the yardarm , tarred and feathered and run out of Dodge , etc , etc , etc , you may be facing a visit from your friendly Secret Service .
And even though your visiting agent may agree politically , and may take his oath to the constitution seriously , he 's still sworn to protect the officeholder and it's his duty to take all threats seriously .
And that may include serving me with a subpoena to turn over your IP address .
Now I 'm duty bound to protect your privacy to the best of my ability , but I cannot defend against stupidity .
Best advice I can give is to keep it to yourself .
Do n't post anything that may embarrass you later , or end you up in the slammer .
Ever vigilant .
Keep your powder dry .
TOPICS :
Announcements
Extended News
Free Republic
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
bho2009
bho44
caution
democrat
democrats
doomgloom
freerepublic
keepyourpowderdry
obama
saltytalk
secretservice
usss
zeroawareness
To : Jim Robinson
Geez , you would think he called him a “ smirking chimp ” or something ... but that would be racist
To : Jim Robinson
Have you been asked to provide such identifications since he usurper was sworn in ?
To : Jim Robinson
sheeesh , the secret service should know that Obama is a socialist , not our fault
by 4 posted onby AmericanMade1776 ( Obama Happens ! Not my Fault ! )
To : Jim Robinson
Good advice and well written .
Thank you .
To : Jim Robinson
I am careful in what I say .
But I have worried about FR and some things that are posted .
by 6 posted onby DJ MacWoW ( Make yourselves sheep and the wolves will eat you .
Ben Franklin )
To : Jim Robinson
Just do n’t do a movie showing him supposedly being assassinated .
To : Jim Robinson
“ Now I ’m duty bound to protect your privacy to the best of my ability , but I cannot defend against stupidity . ”
BRAVO !!
To : Jim Robinson
Understood ... and thanks JR !!!
To : Bahbah
Was n’t that movie about President Bush being assassinated ?
by 10 posted onby AmericanMade1776 ( Obama Happens ! Not my Fault ! )
To : Jim Robinson
Well said Jim .
To : Jim Robinson
Very well said , Jim .
Just because I HAVE the freedom to express my thoughts does n’t mean it ’s always wise to do so .
To : Jim Robinson
Jim ,
Does the SS ever request FR to turn over the IP address of a member ?
If so , how often does this happen and when was the last request ?
by 13 posted onby balls ( I have seen the enemy and it is Hussein 0 )
To : bvw
" since he usurper was sworn in ? "
Not since swearing in , but before , yes .
To : Jim Robinson
Aye aye Captain !
by 15 posted onby alice_in_bubbaland ( Markets and Marxists Don't Mix !
Let the Revolution Commence !!!)
To : bvw
Have you been asked to provide such identifications since he usurper was sworn in ?
Very good question .
I have certainly seen more than few comments that have crossed the line .
To : Jim Robinson
I do n’t think I post anything that would qualify , but just out of curiosity , would you inform a user that his / her information had been requested or are you not allowed to do that ?
To : Jim Robinson
What about drunk AND stupid ?
by 18 posted onby AppyPappy ( If you are n't part of the solution , there is good money to be made prolonging the problem . )
To : balls
On the average since our inception in 1996 , about once every four years .
To : balls
The day the SS comes to my door , hahaa ..haha .
You can not write stuff like this , true life is stranger than fiction .
Barry is so thinned skin , kind of tragic .
by 20 posted onby AmericanMade1776 ( Obama Happens ! Not my Fault ! )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Los Angeles , London , New Delhi , Singapore and Washington DC ( March 9th , 2009 ) – Ecstasy may help suffers of post - traumatic stress learn to deal with their memories more effectively by encouraging a feeling of safety , according to an article in the Journal of Psychopharmacology published today by SAGE .
Studies have shown that a type of psychological treatment called exposure therapy – where the patient repeatedly recalls the traumatic experience or is repeatedly exposed to situations that are safe but still trigger their traumatic feelings – can be effective in relieving stress responses in patients with post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) and other anxious conditions .
The therapy works by helping the patient to re-learn the appropriate response to the trigger situation , a process known as extinction learning .
But this approach can take some time , and 40 % of patients continue to experience post - traumatic stress even after their treatment .
To improve outcomes , scientists have been investigating the use of drug therapies to enhance the effect of exposure therapy , making the result of exposure to the fear trigger easier , faster , and more effective .
MDMA ( the pharmaceutical version of Ecstasy ) is one such drug .
“ A goal during exposure therapy for PTSD is to recall distressing experiences while at the same time remaining grounded in the present .
Emotional avoidance is the most common obstacle in exposure therapy for PTSD , and high within - session emotional engagement predicts better outcome , ” explain authors Pål - Ørjan Johansen and Teri Krebs , who are based at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology and supported by the Research Council of Norway .
Psychiatrists that have administered MDMA to anxiety patients have noted that it promotes emotional engagement ; strengthens the bond between the patient and doctor , known as the therapeutic alliance ; decreases emotional avoidance ; and improves tolerance for recall and processing of painful memories .
According to Johansen and Krebs , “ MDMA [ ecstasy ] has a combination of pharmacological effects that …could provide a balance of activating emotions while feeling safe and in control . ”
They suggest three possible biological reasons why ecstasy could help individuals with PSTD .
First , ecstasy is known to increase the release of the hormone oxytocin , which is involved in trust , empathy , and social closeness .
Because people with PTSD often report feeling emotionally disconnected and unable to benefit from the supportive presence of family and friends or therapists – a situation that is likely to contribute to the development and maintenance of the disorder – use of ecstasy might also help ameliorate these symptoms , suggest the authors .
“ By increasing oxytocin levels , MDMA may strengthen engagement in the therapeutic alliance and facilitate beneficial exposure to interpersonal closeness and mutual trust , ” they write .
The second biological explanation for ecstasy ’s useful effect is that it acts in two brain regions to inhibit the automatic fear response ( mediated by the amygadala ) and increase emotional control ( mediated by the ventromedial prefrontal cortex ) and therefore permits bearable revisiting of traumatic memories .
Thirdly , ecstasy increases the release of two other hormones , noradrenaline and cortisol , which are known to be essential to trigger emotional learning , including the process that leads to fear extinction , on which therapy for PTSD relies .
But , caution the authors , while these compounds enhance extinction learning they may also temporarily increase anxiety in people with PTSD because the hormones are naturally released as part of the body ’s response to stress .
Ecstasy combined with psychotherapy is a treatment already being tested in clinical trials to help patients with PTSD .
All of these trials have a similar design in which ecstasy or placebo is administered to patients a few times during their therapy sessions as part of a short term course of psychological treatment .
According to the Johansen and Krebs , recent preliminary results from two of these randomized controlled trials shows that the therapy might have promise .
“ Reduction of avoidance behavior linked to emotions is a common treatment target for all anxiety disorders .
MDMA [ ecstasy ] has a combination of pharmacological effects that , in a therapeutic setting , could provide a balance of activating emotions while feeling safe and in control , as has been described in case reports of MDMA augmented psychotherapy … .
Future clinical trials could combine MDMA with evidence - based treatment programs for disorders of emotional regulation , such as prolonged exposure therapy for PTSD , ” conclude the authors .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 April 30
Framed by Clouds
Credit & Copyright : Pete Lawrence ( Digital - Astronomy )
Explanation : Last Sunday 's fading evening twilight featured a young crescent Moon along the western horizon .
The young Moon also shared the sky with the lovely Pleiades star cluster and wandering planet Mercury .
Framed by clouds in this serene skyscape from Selsey , UK , a similar twilight scene was visible around the globe .
Emerging from the cloud bank below the Pleiades , the narrow sunlit lunar crescent is overexposed .
Still , the Moon 's dim night side is impressively clear , illuminated by earthshine .
Bright , innermost planet Mercury lies near the bottom of the field .
Mercury will remain near the Pleiades , low in the west after sunset over the coming days , an ongoing conjunction of planet and star cluster that will offer skygazers some excellent binocular views .
Qatar , a glittering peninsula of skyscrapers and sand , reminds one of a well - dressed , ambitious little guy playing all the angles in a rough neighborhood .
Its pushy rise to prominence is creating suspicion and hardening the Middle East split between moderate U.S. allies and more militant nations .
The Persian Gulf emirate is holding summits and orchestrating regional diplomacy , sometimes outflanking the traditional powers of Egypt and Saudi Arabia on the Palestinian - Israeli conflict and in calming Lebanese factions .
The oil - rich nation of 825,000 people , most of them foreign workers , juts into the sea like a swollen thumb .
White mosques and spiraling , fluted buildings stand beside legions of cranes in the capital , Doha , where sails of dhows snap along a palm - lined corniche past branch campuses of American universities .
It is this international style mixed with a new architectural panache that Qatar wants to imprint upon its brand of media savvy foreign policy .
Advertisement
Qatar ’s prestige emanates largely from the Al Jazeera channel based in Doha .
The state - owned station broadcasts the most comprehensive coverage in the region but also plays to populist anti-Israeli and anti-U.S. views , giving Qatar legitimacy among Arabs even as it hosts one of the largest U.S. bases in the region .
These dual images are part of a careful sleight - of - hand by the country ’s emir , Sheik Hamad bin Khalifa al Thani .
“ Qatar feels it has a duty to fulfill in the Arab world , especially after the retreat of the role played by certain Arab countries , ” said Muhammad Musfir , of Qatar University , referring to Egypt ’s failure to resolve regional problems .
To its critics , Doha , with one of the world ’s highest per capita incomes , speaks in too many tongues .
It has close ties to Iran , Syria and the radical group Hamas in the Gaza Strip .
But except for a break in relations during the Gaza war in January , Qatar was the only Gulf country with economic and diplomatic links to Israel .
Advertisement
Qatar could be a help or a hindrance to the U.S. as it seeks to improve relations with Iran and prepare for political shifts when aging allies President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia are no longer in power .
U.S. misgivings over Qatar were summed up by Sen. John F. Kerry ( D - Mass . ) after a recent trip to the region : “ Qatar ca n’t continue to be an American ally on Monday that sends money to Hamas on Tuesday . ”
In a recent interview with the German magazine Der Spiegel , Hamad would not side with the U.S. against Iran : “ Iran never bothered us , it never created a problem for us . ”
Qatar has a lot of “ political laundry it has to clean , ” said Abdel Moneim Said , of Egypt ’s ruling party .
“ Qatar has a big U.S. base and they want to launder that fact by expressing extremist political views and riding radical ideas to show they are nationalists and anti-Israeli .
. . .
Their money plays a role , but in the end it ’s the strategic interests that prevail . ”
Advertisement
The emirate ’s most vehement detractor is Egypt , a strategic power for decades , but one whose sway is slipping .
Cairo has become sensitive about its stature , especially as Iran ’s influence grows and Hezbollah , the Lebanese militant group , allegedly has sent militants into Egypt ’s Sinai region and its border with Gaza .
The state - owned Al Ahram recently wrote that Hezbollah , Iran , Syria and Qatar were trying to “ bring Egypt to the brink of chaos and facilitate a coup . ”
Mubarak and Abdullah boycotted an emergency summit in Doha in January to discuss the Israeli offensive in Gaza .
Mubarak accused Qatar of meddling in the conflict , in which Egypt has been a key voice , and of dividing the Arab world by inviting Iran ’s President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Hamas ’ Khaled Meshaal to attend .
Cairo was also angered by Al Jazeera ’s coverage of the Gaza assault , which included reports that Egypt was unsympathetic to Palestinians because it did not allow in refugees .
Mubarak boycotted a second Qatari - sponsored summit last month .
There have been moves in recent weeks to calm the tensions .
But Cairo continues to view Doha with a mistrust that leads to mocking and insulting editorials .
One Egyptian columnist recently referred to Hamad as “ the chubby prince . ”
Advertisement
Qatar is acting “ as a mediator but it is pretending to be a major power , and it is using Al Jazeera for this purpose , ” said Amr Choubaki , an Egyptian analyst .
“ Qatar created Al Jazeera , but now Al Jazeera is creating Qatar .
It ’s like when you build a robot and eventually lose control of it and it controls you . ”
Qatar has failed in efforts to bring together hostile groups in Yemen and Sudan , and to unite Palestinian factions .
But last year it succeeded in doing what the United Nations and Western powers could not : negotiate reconciliation among Lebanon ’s factions .
It was a significant victory , showing a versatile , alternative voice in Middle East affairs .
“ There is a campaign against Qatar because it is playing the role Egypt refrains from playing , ” said Musfir , the professor .
Cairo is “ only concerned with pleasing certain groups outside Egypt , ” he said .
“ Egypt flirts with the desires of the U.S. , in particular , as well as with Israel . ”
--
Advertisement
jeffrey.fleishman@latimes.com
El - Hennawy is a special correspondent .
The Israeli - Arab town of Umm al - Fahm is at the centre of a struggle between Israel 's far right and its Arab minority .
Local politicians say the rise of anti-Arab sentiment is a threat to the whole country
I have n't seen it done before , but it 's possible .
Use Haskell 's FFI to wrap libruby .
Your main executable will be written in Haskell , which will call ruby_init ( ) and related functions , in order to run the Ruby interpreter in - process .
This does allow you to run arbitrary Ruby code , though .
.
Your main executable will be written in Haskell , which will call and related functions , in order to run the Ruby interpreter in - process .
This does allow you to run arbitrary Ruby code , though .
Use Ruby 's FFI to wrap a GHC module as a library .
Your Ruby script must call hs_init( ) , and can only access foreign export ed functions .
You 'll need to write glue code , some in C , to get either of those two options working .
Run Ruby and Haskell in separate processes , using some IPC to communicate between them .
Maybe XML - RPC ( Haskell / Ruby ) , or JSON ( Haskell / Ruby ) over sockets , or maybe even just pipes with your own custom protocol .
I do n't know what your requirements are , but this is what I 'd go for -- it 's a lot easier .
Wacom , known almost solely for their pen-based graphic tablets and touchscreens has made the jump into an entirely new market – DJs .
Maybe dance clubs are more recession - proof than graphic designers ?
Who knows ?
The new Wacom nextbeat is a music controller which lets both professional and casual digital dee- jays finesse their tunes in about any way imaginable – even from the middle of the dance floor .
That ’s because the nextbeat features a unique docking wireless control pod which lets you roam and control sounds loaded onto the nextbeat base station .
The nextbeat contains everything you need to rock the party now .
Packed inside the box is a pair of digital audio players , a mixer , sampler and effect units .
Just plug it into your sound system , and you ’re ready to go .
In keeping with Wacom tradition , the nextbeat incorporates a variety of touch - based sensors on its control pod , but they were smart enough to also include a number of knobs and buttons for places where tactile feedback is a must .
Wacom plans on releasing the nextbeat DJ system in Europe and Japan in Summer 2009 .
No word on price or a North American release date , but you can check back for more information over at the nextbeat preview site .
It ’ll also be on display at the Winter Music Conference from 24 - 28 March 2009 in Miami Beach , Florida , USA , and Musikmesse from 1 - 4 April 2009 in Frankfurt , Germany – if you happen to be there .
[ via MacWorld UK via flyflyf ]
Sun Microsystems ' Mark Reinhold has published an updated schedule for JDK 7 along with a list of the approved features on the OpenJDK website .
The current build is milestone 2 which includes the new Garbage First Garbage Collector and I /O APIs [ JSR 203 ] .
Milestone 3 , expected in time for the JavaOne conference in May , will add VM support for dynamically typed languages via the invokedynamic bytecode instruction [ JSR 292 ] .
Other notable features planned for Java 7 include a forward port of Java 6 update 10 into the OpenJDK ( targeted at milestone 4 ) , the currently dormant Swing Application Framework [ JSR 296 ] , expected in milestone 5 in the autumn , and another attempt at standardising modulisation through JSR 294 and Project Jigsaw .
Notably absent from the current roadmap are the new Date and Time API [ JSR 310 ] , Beans Validation [ JSR 303 ] and Beans Binding [ JSR 295 ] .
The small language changes initiative , Project Coin , has also seen a large number of proposals with Joseph Darcy highlighting six strong contenders for inclusion in Java 7 on his blog :
Automatic Resource Management .
Submitted by Joshua Bloch , an ARM block is a form of the try statement that declares one or more resources which are then limited to that statement .
When the statement completes , whether normally or abruptly , all of its resources are closed automatically .
This removes the need for the manual closing of resources , which has proven very error prone in practice .
Two thirds of the uses of the close method in the JDK itself are implemented incorrectly according to Bloch .
Elvis and other null - safe operators .
Submitted by Stephen Colebourne from an original suggestion of Neal Gafter 's , this aims to fix some of the common problems with NullPointerExceptions , making it possible to omit null checks on objects .
Improved Exception Handling .
Submitted by Neal Gafter , this proposal includes catch blocks which handle multiple exception types and improved checking of re-thrown exceptions .
Improved Type Inference for Generic Instance Creation .
Submitted by Jeremy Manson , this proposal addresses the addition of limited type inference for class instance creation expressions .
For example instead of writing :
Map < String , List < String >> anagrams = new HashMap < String , List < String >>( ) ;
You could write :
Map < String , List < String >> anagrams = new HashMap <>( ) ; Simplified Varargs Method Invocation .
Submitted by Bob Lee , this proposal is a compiler change for warnings which are issued when a method combines varargs with non-reifiable array types .
The change moves the warning from the call site to the method declaration .
Strings in switch statements .
Joseph Darcy ’s proposal adds support for strings to the switch statement .
Sun ’s JDK for Java 7 will be their first to be based on OpenJDK , though their implementation will still depend on some closed source components .
It also continues a change in the way Sun develops its Java products , with increasing numbers being developed without a JSR , then standardised when complete .
Project Jigsaw , JavaFX , and Java SE 7 are all being developed this way .
Mark Reinhold describes it like this :
" The JDK 7 Project is creating a prototype of what might — or might not — wind up in the Java SE 7 Platform Specification .
When the SE 7 Platform JSR is submitted then the features under development in JDK 7 will be proposed for inclusion therein , except for those that are VM - level or implementation - specific . ”
This combination of the OpenJDK project with a transparent feature set and schedule for Java 7 is a much more open process than we 've seen in previous revisions to the language , but Apache 's Stephen Colebourne is deeply concerned by the change , arguing that there could be no official specification for Java 7 , instead only a JDK implemented by Sun :
" All the evidence I see is that Java SE is no longer an open standard and the next release will be JDK 7 , not Java 7 .
That is something that should matter to all of us who care about the Java eco-system .
After all , if Sun can get away with making Java SE not an open standard , then why not Java EE , or Servlets or JMS ?
It 's time to stand up and be counted and demand our open standard back ! "
In a follow - up post Colebourne uses minutes from the JCP Executive Committee meetings to support his argument , claiming that the reason for the process change is connected to Sun 's long running dispute with Apache over the changes in licensing terms for the Java Compatibility Kit ( JCK ) wanted by Apache for their Harmony project .
" ... from the September 2008 meeting , there is distinct evidence ( but not proof ) that Sun feels unable to get a Java SE 7 JSR passed until the Harmony dispute is resolved .
We can also note the difference in tone between April 2008 and June 2008 , where a Java SE 7 platform JSR went from ' soon ' to ' no immediate plans ' , and Sun 's focus became clearer around using Open JDK instead of a JSR . "
Colebourne ’s argument is supported by Neil Bartlett .
Using rumours of Sun ’s pending acquisition as a reason for using OSGi instead of Project Jigsaw , he argues that any Sun-led initiative not supported by a JSR can be killed off the moment Sun is acquired :
" Sun is unlikely still to exist in its current form by this time next year .
Whether it is eaten whole by IBM or torn in half and shared between HP and Oracle , or any of the other rumored outcomes , a promise from Sun to support Jigsaw is completely worthless .
This is especially true because Jigsaw is in direct opposition to the commercial needs of all the potential acquirers .
If IBM gets Java , it will kill Jigsaw , I guarantee it .
Ditto Oracle .
By choosing to build Jigsaw outside of a JSR and in opposition to an established industry standard , Sun has exposed its customers to substantial commercial risk . "
So far Apache 's tactic of voting against all JSRs whilst their dispute with Sun continues has had no real impact on the development of Java , since they 've been able to garner only limited support for the tactic from other JCP members .
This is presumably because other JSRs are not affected by the same licensing terms .
However Java SE 7 would be directly affected .
If Colebourne is correct in his conjecture that Sun has changed the way Java 7 is being developed because of Apache 's tactics , then the combination of these tactics with intransigence on both sides will begin to do tremendous damage to both Java and the JCP .
With the lure of every song for 99 cents , Apple Inc. 's iTunes upended the retail establishment to become the nation ’s top music seller in less than six years .
But the digital media powerhouse said Tuesday it would follow one of the oldest tenets of capitalism :
The more someone wants something , the more you can charge for it .
Apple finally bowed to a long - standing recording industry demand and agreed to sell music downloads at three prices -- 69 cents , 99 cents and $ 1.29 .
Starting in April , iTunes customers may pay the top price for a hot new track such as Beyonce ’s “ Single Ladies ” and barely half that for a long - forgotten song from Air Supply .
The Cupertino , Calif. , company claimed some victories of its own Tuesday .
Freeing 10 million songs from their digital handcuffs , Apple said it had persuaded the major labels to drop their insistence on copy protections that restrict the number and type of devices that can play songs bought through iTunes .
Advertisement
It also received permission to sell downloads directly to the iPhone 3G via AT&T ; 's high - speed cellular network .
But Apple ’s concession on pricing marks a victory for the music companies , which are desperate to stimulate digital download purchases as CD sales plummet .
Consumers bought a record 1.07 billion music downloads last year , according to research firm Nielsen SoundScan , but those gains failed to offset the nearly 20 % drop in traditional album sales .
“ Variable pricing is all about trying to get the most that you can without losing customers , ” said Sucharita Mulpuru , a retail analyst with Forrester Research .
The trio of music announcements came near the end of the keynote speech by Apple Senior Vice President Philip Schiller at the Macworld Conference & Expo in San Francisco .
It was the first time in 11 years that the keynote was presented by someone other than Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs , who revealed Monday that he was recovering from a hormone imbalance that has caused him to lose weight .
Advertisement
When Apple launched iTunes in 2003 with the 99 - cents - fits - all price , it was hailed as a breakthrough for simplicity .
At the time , many online music services offered complicated terms that sometimes involved monthly fees and a limited number of downloads .
The iPod digital music player also boosted the profile of iTunes , which surpassed Wal - Mart , Target and other traditional music sellers by last year , according to research firm NPD Group .
But the growth of digital downloads has slowed from the frenzied pace of its early years , and the music industry has begun to explore fresh approaches to spur online buying .
“ The one thing that the industry has done badly is trading - up consumers , ” said Russ Crupnick , senior industry analyst for NPD .
“ You get somebody to buy $ 25 or $ 30 worth of songs each year , when that consumer used to be a $ 100 consumer in the CD world .
We ’ve done a bad job of getting them to buy more and more . ”
Advertisement
In a bid to spark sales , Apple introduced its Genius service in September , which examines an iTunes customer ’s music library and recommends other purchases .
Music executives say tiered pricing opens the door to more experimentation with digital “ bundles . ”
For example , Kanye West ’s single “ Heartless ” might be packaged with a discounted track from the “ 808s & Heartbreak ” album , or a cellphone ring tone .
“ Americans love a deal -- and music consumers especially , ” Crupnick said .
“ If you could take variable pricing and see the evolution of that into bundling and trading consumers up to buy more , that to me has potential . ”
Apple ’s Schiller drew applause from the Macworld crowd when he announced that iTunes would offer music that ’s free of the so - called digital rights management software the labels had insisted on to try to stem piracy .
Advertisement
In February 2007 , Jobs threw down the gauntlet .
In a letter to the music industry , he argued that digital rights management frustrated paying customers by limiting the number of devices on which they could play legally downloaded songs .
For example , songs purchased through iTunes would n’t easily play on Microsoft Corp .'s Zune device .
EMI was the first of the major labels to offer DRM - free songs , which also featured better sound quality , on iTunes in May 2007 .
Apple charged $ 1.29 .
But Schiller said Tuesday that Apple had begun selling 8 million DRM - free songs at no extra cost and that the remaining 2 million in its catalog would be stripped of software locks by April .
Consumers who wish to convert their existing music library will pay a fee of 30 cents a track or 30 % of an album ’s purchase price .
“ We believe this strategy will drive additional iTunes traffic , as it removes one significant barrier [ DRM ] from many consumers and makes iTunes more accessible , ” Gene Munster , a senior analyst with Piper Jaffray , wrote in a research report .
Advertisement
Also at Macworld , Schiller unveiled a thin , 17 - inch MacBook Pro laptop computer featuring a new type of built - in battery that he said would deliver up to eight hours of use on a single charge and could be recharged up to 1,000 times .
It will cost $ 2,800 when it reaches stores this month .
Apple also updated much of its software .
The latest version of iPhoto scans for individual faces so computer users can label photos of friends or family , then have the computer find and bring together all images of a subject into a single file .
--
dawn.chmielewski@latimes.com
Alerted by the inexorable advancing of the next digital dark age , the European academy started a preservation plan for digital contents and artefacts with great ambitions .
The KEEP ( Keeping Emulation Environments Portable ) project considers with particular care videogames and intends to create what has been defined the first “ general purpose ” emulator , capable of providing access to obsolete media and formats for nowadays and future generations .
The need to archive the bit heritage of a mankind accustomed to digital language is an instance that is spreading among researchers , just look at the case of the National Videogame Archive hosted in Bradford Media Museum , middle England .
KEEP , that involves several universities and researchers from Europe , follows however a rather different path because it embraces the principle of software emulation for obsolete hardware , to make the contents developed for that hardware be always available for anyone even when the original machines will have ceased to work .
Funded with 4.02 millions euros , the project describes the so - called “ first ” general purpose emulator like “ a piece of software which can recognise and ‘ play ’ or open all previous types of computer files from 1970s Space Invaders games to three - inch floppy discs “ .
“ Early hardware , like games consoles and computers “ , says KEEP lead Dr. David Anderson from Portsmouth University , “ are already found in museums .
But if you ca n’t show visitors what they did , by playing the software on them , it would be much the same as putting musical instruments on display but throwing away all the music .
For future generations it would be a cultural catastrophe “ .
KEEP is therefore primarily designed to guarantee accessibility for digital contents , be they management software , arcade videogames , audio tracks or database files created with Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 for MS - DOS , the first “ killer application ” for the original IBM PC .
“ A vast bank of information needs to be catalogued and stored “ , says the computer games expert and Anderson partner at Portsmouth Dan Pinchbeck , and among this data videogames keep a particular role because they are seen by the industry as “ disposable , pulp cultural artefacts “ , while instead they represent “ a really important part of our recent cultural history “ , “ one of the biggest media formats on the planet ” hence they deserve to be preserved “ for future generations “ .
Against the hastened aging of digital culture KEEP will ensure that the universal emulator will be constantly updated , to continue to perform its duty as a virtual archivist in the future .
Among the components of the preservation system there will be the open source software Dioscuri , an x86 emulator written in Java managed by Nationaal Archief in Netherlands , and specifically designed to be extensible and agnostic to any platform , guaranteeing in this way that the emulation will continue to work in the future without being trapped in a single computing architecture .
If someone had a déjà vu at this point , such impression could n’t be more correct : Dioscuri is n’t anything but a stripped - down version , as for performance , capability and documentation of MAME , the arcade machines emulator which popularized classic videogames preservation instances since 1996 , way before the members of the Pan - European academy would start to just speculate about the need to avoid the forthcoming digital dark age .
Insofar as MAME is an intentionally specialized project and not a “ general purpose ” one like Dioscuri / KEEP , it collects the essence of a knowledge polished up during time , often obtained with “ epic ” reverse engineering actions against absurd protections from the producers ( just look at Capcom and the case of the infamous CPS - 2 ) , concerning the microcode of hundreds of different CPUs , logic circuits , PALs , input ports , control and memory management interfaces and much more .
Such completeness is also the ambition of MESS , MAME ’s twin project that starting from its code base tries to emulate anything that have n’t gone through the arcades , be it a computer or a videogaming console .
MESS is much more closer than MAME to the universalist model of the KEEP project , and in this case too the emulator code contains an amount of information that represents , without any doubt , the state of the art as for accuracy to replicated hardware , robustness and portability on the several computing platforms available nowadays .
Both MESS and MAME are in fact designed with the specific aim of running on anything have enough power , the PSP portable console , PlayStation 2/3 , Xbox 360 , netbooks , Linux , Unix , Amiga , OS / 2 , x86 , RISC , MIPS systems and even a decrepit oscilloscope .
The same thing can be said about DOSBox , the best emulator of Intel machines capable of simulating an 80486 CPU , a CGA / EGA / VGA graphic card , a MIDI / Sound Blaster sound card and lastly an MS - DOS compatible shell .
ScummVM is n’t exactly an emulator , but it ’s dedicated to portability and preservation of classics from the past as much as the aforementioned MAME , MESS and DOSBox are .
The essence of the matter is that floating around there is the availability of so much earlier knowledge about emulation , be it specialist or universalist it does n’t mind because in a given period of time the elements used by producers ( CPU , sound DSP and so on ) tend more or less to be the same in the arcades , on computers and home consoles .
A this point one could expect that the KEEP folks would enthusiastically take from such knowledge for their monumental archiving effort , on the contrary by reading discussions on the forums it just seems that the European academicians have no intention to dirty their hands with the hobbyists ’ work and want to do anything by themselves .
On VOGONS ( DOSBox official forum ) , MAMEWorld , on the MESS message board it ’s highlighted the fact that , even if the researchers have been in contact with many emulator developers ( MAME and MESS ones in particular ) , they have no interest for code and “ dumps ” of hard disks , floppy disks , ROM memory chips , BIOS and all the rest of so many digital contents already converted in binary files to run within the aforementioned emulators , hence they want to do everything again from scratch , from the emulation code of the Space Invaders microprocessor to the enormous study and re-engineering work already made by the vast community devoted to videogaming preservation since two decades .
In brief the KEEP folks would like to reinvent the wheel , as MAMEWorld ’s admin Smitdogg states , basing moreover their efforts on a coding language , Java , incredibly inadequate for intensive and complex applications like the emulation of any full console or PC .
Mamedev
Smf , who dealt with code and emulation pretty well in these years , explicitly talks about burnt money and scarce hopes to succeed considering the approach chosen by the European researchers .
KEEP resembles much more an aberration born to advertise the cloud computing hoax than a project destined to achieve its goals within the estimated 36 months ( from now to 2012 ) .
Theoretically it ’s a wonderful endorsement initiative for commitment and passion of those following emulation since years and the videogaming one in particular , in practice it appears to be an on - line demo technically very limited and destined to end soon unremembered .
Similar posts :
Man , this is just sad .
Over a year after the internet was set ablaze with rage after seeing Monster 's HDMI cable scam , we 've just been notified that the tactic is still being used in at least one Fry 's Electronics store .
For those unaware , the rig works as such : two TVs are set beside each other along with a sign that says " See the Monster HDMI Difference . "
Trouble is , the " Monster set " ( on the right ) is connected to its source via an HDMI cable , while the " non-Monster set " ( on the left ) is connected via composite cable .
As in , the lamest looking signal next to using an RF modulator .
So , is anyone with any amount of power paying attention to this ?
We get the feeling " false advertising " is a real understatement of the situation .
[ Thanks , Jeff ]
GAZA CITY -
One by one , the seventh - graders rose from their old wooden desks and in toneless voices that betrayed neither sadness nor surprise , spoke of horrible things .
" A missile targeted my relatives , " said Adhem Abdulal , a tall boy with a bright grin .
" My cousin got shrapnel in his leg .
Another cousin got shrapnel in his head . "
" The F - 16 bombed my uncle 's house .
His stomach got ripped out , and he died , " said Mohammed Abu Hassan , fidgeting with the zipper on his leather jacket .
" Our house was burned by the shelling , " said Othman Abu Ghaioon , his dark hair framing a pale , expressionless face .
" The top two floors are destroyed , but the ground floor got fixed .
There are 20 of us there now . "
When they had finished reciting their experiences during three weeks of war , the teacher dismissed the class and the students tore from the room , giggling and pushing as they began a game of soccer on the school 's asphalt courtyard .
In Gaza , where half the population is under the age of 16 , the young bear some of the war 's deepest scars .
At least 280 children were killed , nearly as many as the number who died in Gaza during the entire second intifada , according to the Gaza - based Palestinian Center for Human Rights .
More than 1,000 others were wounded .
Even the children who escaped physical injury face the psychological consequences of living under near - constant bombardment for 22 days and nights .
A week into a fragile cease - fire , mental health specialists , human rights advocates , and parents say they worry that this generation of Palestinian children will suffer the effects of the war for decades to come .
" We in Gaza are 1.5 million people in need of immediate psychotherapy , " said Issam Younis , director general of the al - Mezan Center for Human Rights .
" But the children especially .
They have experienced severe trauma .
They should cry .
They should shout .
But the way they are talking about this tragedy , it 's not normal . "
Younis said he reassured his own son early in the war that children were not being targeted by the Israeli war planes and that he was safe from the missiles that crashed down around their soon started seeing images on television of tiny dead bodies and small , bloodied faces that he recognized as children his age .
" You 're a liar , " Younis said his son told him angrily .
Later in the war , when such televised images had become ubiquitous , Younis said he would try to change the channel , but Mohammed would not let him .
" I 'm not afraid , Daddy , " he said .
Each night , there was evidence to the contrary .
Mohammed refused to sleep anywhere but his parents ' bed , wrapped in his father 's arms as the sounds of explosions reverberated through the darkness .
Leading statistician Professor David Spiegelhalter claims today that the number of murders in London last year was not out of the ordinary and followed a predictable pattern .
Spiegelhalter 's report , published today in Significance , the magazine of the Royal Statistical Society , argues that shocking headline numbers are not as surprising as one might think .
Violence in London attracts headlines .
After four people were murdered in separate incidents in London on July 10th , 2008 , BBC correspondent Andy Tighe said " To have four fatal stabbings in one day could be a statistical freak . "
But could it ?
On July 28th thelondonpaper had the front - page headline : " London 's murder count reaches 90 " .
But Professor Spiegelhalter states that this number was predictable .
" Murders in London follow a random pattern that makes certain aspects predictable and so we can fairly accurately predict the number of murders there will be as the year progresses , " explains Spiegelhalter , the Winton Professor of the Public Understanding of Risk at the University of Cambridge .
" We focused on London for this report as there is a general feeling , often driven by the media , that over the last 12 months murders have increased more than would be expected . "
Spiegelhalter continues , " We counted how many murders occurred on each day over a three - year period .
Four murders on the same day in London would be expected to occur about once every three years , and it has done .
Seven days without a murder should occur about six times a year , and it does . "
Each murder is an unpredictable event , and the report does not imply that specific events can be predicted , only that the overall patterns are remarkably predictable .
" Tragic though every murder is , these numbers are not surprising , and there 's no evidence of an increasing murder rate . "
The study , which looked at the pattern of murders between April 2004 and March 2007 , also shows that on around 64 % of days we can expect there to be no murders at all .
Each year the London Metropolitan Police record around 170 homicides and there has been little change over the last five years .
The Significance report was written in conjunction with the Risk and Regulation Advisory Council ( RRAC ) set up by the Prime Minister to consider public risk and responses to it .
Rick Haythornthwaite , Chair of the RRAC , commented : " There seems to be a misconception that in 2008 London 's murder rate suddenly rose ; what this article shows is that in fact the numbers have remained fairly stable for the last five years .
Statistical evidence must inform any decision making .
Those in authority need to remain level headed and offer the general public a thoughtful , proportionate response .
Sensible decisions can be made whilst never forgetting that each individual case is of course shocking and a tragedy for those affected . "
Source : Wiley - Blackwell
Psychics given £ 4,500 government grant to help relatives contact the dead
Two clairvoyants have been awarded a £ 4,500 government grant to set up a school for psychics .
Paul and Deborah Rees had their palms crossed with taxpayers ' silver after applying for funding through a Department for Work and Pensions job creation scheme .
The couple 's Accolade Academy of Psychic and Mediumistic Studies aims to train people to contact ' the other side ' .
Psychics Deborah and Paul Rees have been awarded a £ 4,500 government grant to teach people how to contact the dead
Yesterday critics branded the award a ' disgrace ' and said public money should not be spent on ' hocus pocus ' business ideas at a time when thousands are losing their jobs .
But Mr Rees , 40 , and his wife , 37 , defended the public funding .
Secretary of State for Work and Pensions James Purnell :
His department approved the grant
Mr Rees said : ' People who feel their tax money has been wasted should remember that if they 'd lost a child they would go to a medium to get peace that their loved one has passed safely and is in a better place .
' Our job is to provide substantial evidence to bring ease to people 's grieving . '
The couple , who have been working as mediums for five years , admitted they were surprised to get the Want2 Work grant aimed at setting up new businesses .
Mr Rees , a father - of - two who worked as an upholsterer for 17 years , said : ' They had n't invested in psychics before so we really had to prove ourselves . '
The couple run the £ 65 workshops from their home in Bridgend , South Wales , and say the cash will be spent on printing , advertising and website costs .
But Conservative Welsh Assembly member Jonathan Morgan said : ' It is an utter disgrace .
The people administering the scheme should be disciplined for allowing this project to get public funding - and the money should be recouped . '
Mark Wallace , of the TaxPayers '
Alliance , said : ' The last thing our money should be spent on is this kind of hocus pocus .
' At a time when people who are alive are losing their jobs , it 's absurd that money is being spent trying to contact the other side . '
Welsh Assembly chiefs have now launched an internal investigation into the funding of the psychic school .
A DWP spokesman said of the £ 21 million Want2 Work scheme , aimed at getting 200,000 people back into work : ' We give real help to anyone who loses their job to get back into work as quickly as possible . '
BEING a relatively new mother , I thought it would be great to throw a party to celebrate my two - year - old 's birthday .
Unfortunately I had n't realised birthday parties are no longer the junk food fests of my youth .
Having been up since 4 am baking , I perhaps was n't in the best mood to have my shortcomings as a hostess commented on by a mother whose daughter attends " enhanced play sessions " and " creative gymkhana classes " .
Things started well : children piled in , helped themselves to cupcakes , hit one another with balloons and consumed half their body weight in fairy bread .
Then Botox - mother sidled up and whispered , " I 've never had to deal with this before " .
" Deal with what ? " I asked .
She hissed , " Junk food . "
Do you have several employees with salaries approaching or breaching the six - figure mark and carry service contracts on your hardware assets ?
Consider stepping - up those service contracts to full 24x7 , 2 - hour response , on - site versions and dumping some of those chatty , annoying , vacation - taking , sick day scamming , office supply stealing leeches from your budget .
Yes , I remember what I wrote in Are You Preserving Your Most Valuable Data Center Asset ? , and I ask that you read on before you judge me too harshly .
Cover Your Assets :
Do you really need employees when a good service contract can fill the void at a fraction of the cost ?
Employees are expensive to pay , costly to train and require a larger investment to retain long - term .
Alternatively , service contracts are inexpensive and provide you with peace of mind that your mission - critical applications and hardware are on someone 's radar 24 hours a day , 7 days a week without all the negative aspects of employees .
A typical mission - critical ( 24x7 , 2 - hour response ) service contract costs from $ 80 to $ 150 per system per month .
At first glance , this sounds like a lot of money , but to justify the costs , you should calculate the amount of money potentially lost during a downtime incident .
Even for internal use only systems , downtime carries a heavy financial burden .
Every person on your payroll affected by the downtime costs you money .
Their salaries , multiplied by the length of the outage , provide you with an estimate of that loss .
If their time is billable to a project or customer , you 're losing that revenue as well .
It does n't take long to see that $ 1,800 per year is a good investment for more than just peace of mind ; it makes good business sense .
For e-commerce or customer portal systems , downtime dollars easily skyrocket into the hundreds of thousands per hour or minute .
Additionally , having your employees tear into a system that 's under warranty voids the warranty putting you in an even sticker situation :
Down with no warranty .
Unsure About an Acronym or Term ?
Search the ServerWatch Glossary
Now that you have all those reasons to rid yourself of the employee plague permanently , let me tell you how wrong it would be for you to do so .
First , who 'll be there to handle those day - to - day tasks ?
A service contract does n't usually cover preventative maintenance , adding and removing user accounts , maintaining web pages , verifying backups , rebooting systems that need it , patching application software and I think you 're getting the picture .
Second , you 'll also need someone around who knows enough to call support when something goes awry .
Connecting to vendor support sounding like a 911 call will only frustrate you and the first - level support person on the other end of the phone .
Unless you know enough about your systems to attempt some standard " fixes " on the phone with support , you 'd better have an IT staff to take care of you during these emergency situations .
Service contracts might not save you the zillions of dollars you thought they would by replacing employees , but having service contracts is an opportunity to save something more valuable than money alone : Time .
And time , as you well know , is money .
When you figure the risks and costs of downtime due to hardware failure , ask yourself whether you can afford it .
The answer for perceptive business people is no .
To answer the question , " Are service contracts better than employees ? "
No , they 're different , but they complement one another .
One will never replace the other and frugal business owners know that employees empowered with service contracts protect the most valuable business asset of all : The Customer .
Ken
Hess is a freelance writer who writes on a variety of open source topics including Linux , databases , and virtualization .
You may reach him through his web site at http://www.kenhess.com.
For more information on monitoring employees check out CloudDesk
This is a motorcycle with hubless wheels .
Unfortunately , due to my tiny , dinosaur ( loving ) brain , I 'm incapable of understanding how such future technology works .
So this is when I copy / paste some quotes and wait for the next meteor to hit .
Hubless wheels work by fixing the rotating parts ( brake ring , bearings , hubless rim ) onto the outer side of a non-rotating inner ring that attaches to the motorcycle 's swingarm or forks .
Advantages include decreased unsprung weight , reduced structural stress ( no spokes to transmit forces through ) , increased braking leverage , more accurate steering , reduced vibration and a lower center of gravity .
Well hot damn !
Let me just grab my leathers and we 'll hit the road .
I get to ride on the back though -- I 'm rocking my chaps commando style .
Hey , car behind me , get a load of this sexy ass !
Haha , I know where you 're going -- straight to BONERTOWN , USA !
Oh , looks like you naturally swerve a little to the left .
Hit the jump for more pictures and a video of the magical wheels .
Hubless Monster Motorcycle Rolls Without Spokes [ jalopnik ]
Thanks to Kenny , whose motorcycle does n't even need wheels because he 's special needs and just sits on it in the garage going VROOM VROOM .
Editor ’s Note : Please see below in both English and German languages reminders for the RIEGL exhibition during INTERGEO 2020 Digital from October 13 - 15 , 2020 .
This year , INTERGEO will be taking [… ]
Share this !
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
Print
The price of acclaimed PS3 title LittleBigPlanet has tumbled to around £ 10 , six months after it was released .
The Media Molecule - developed title has an SRP of £ 44.99 , but can be found at online retailers – including DVD .
co.uk – for £ 10.89 , while Play and Amazon have the title on sale for £ 12.99 .
The aggressive discounting has even seen the game dip below the price of its official strategy guide .
However , Sony feels the reduced cost can make the product more attractive to new customers .
“ In general the retail environment is very tough at present , but the positive consequence is that when consumers are feeling the need to monitor their spending there are still some attractive deals to be had if people shop around , ” said a Sony spokesperson .
“ It is commonly accepted that in times of economic hardship , people value their entertainment .
And the multiple hours of entertainment value represented in a video game can makes games a more attractive purchase , especially at a discounted price . ”
LittleBigPlanet was greeted to positive press when it was released last year , achieving a Metacritic average of 95 .
And Sony revealed earlier this month that the game has reached two million global users .
LittleBigPlanet also makes revenue through DLC , with new costumes and add - ons made available on a weekly basis .
LittleBigPlanet has since become a new franchise for Sony , with a PSP version due later this year .
[ via MCVUK ]
News & Events > NewsBreaks Back Index Forward
Amazonfail : How Metadata and Sex Broke the Amazon Book Search
by Avi Rappoport
Posted On April 20 , 2009
Click here for full - size image
Click here for full - size image
Click here for full - size image
Amazon failed in a big way on Easter weekend .
As the largest bookstore in the world , if a book does not appear in its lists or its search results , the book practically disappears .
The event now known as # Amazon Fail involves a great cast of characters - books , metadata , sex , search results , traditionally disenfranchised groups , a possible hacker , the Kindle , the absence of institutional response , and the emergence of Twitter for sharing information very quickly on a massive scale .
The ways Amazon failed are many .
It did not have a clear policy on " adult " content , although there is evidence that it deals with those materials in special ways .
It placed too great a reliance on metadata and automation .
The database and publications architecture needs checks and sign - offs .
Its communications to its customers , authors , and the media were deeply insufficient .
And Amazon had the bad luck to make a significant mistake regarding people who are highly articulate and communicative , at a moment when there are real - time technology tools to support them .
In particular , Twitter users ' near - real - time broadcasts speed everything up : Links from Slashdot can overwhelm unprepared servers over the course of hours or days , but a note from a popular Twitterer can do the same , in just a few minutes .
# AmazonFail
It started when authors noticed their books losing " Sales Rank , " which is a number on an Amazon book record that is generally related to recent sales .
Sales rank is generated by a proprietary algorithm because it controls which book links are displayed on the homepage or best - seller lists and - it turns out - the main search engine .
People have tried to manipulate it , and it's changed over the years , but it seems to have been stable before this event .
But last week , some of the numbers did n't go up or down ; the rank itself disappeared ( www.fonerbooks.com/surfing.htm; www.salesrankexpress.com).
Around April 11 , several authors were blogging about the problem .
One author , Mark Probst , posted a response from Amazon saying that his book was deranked was because it was marked " adult " ; but he knew that was not true , as it 's a YA ( young adult ) story that simply includes gay characters .
Some other authors and publishers of GLBT ( gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender ) work discovered that their sales ranks were gone too , and they blogged their discontent .
( See the screen with an example of a book page without a sales rank . )
Then , Storm Grant described this on Twitter with the metatag #amazonfail ; zanzando sent it to author and blogger Neil Gaiman , who investigated it and then " re-tweeted " to his 200,000 " followers . "
This created a tipping point , a critical mass , as many smart and articulate people found evidence of what was going on , identifying the delisted books .
Delisted titles included Brokeback Mountain , Ellen : The Biography , and Heather Has Two Mommies - all of which deal with GLBT issues without being explicit or primarily sexual .
At the same time , " Playboy Centerfolds " and raunchy autobiographies retained their sales rank ( http://markprobst.livejournal.com/15293.html;
http://twitter.com/StormGrant/status/1502600844;
http://twitter.com/neilhimself/status/1503615450; www.salon.com/mwt/broadsheet/feature/2009/04/13/amazon_fail/index.html).
While Twitter is somewhat similar to blogging systems , it displays posts ( known as " Tweets " ) in near - real - time .
Users can follow hundreds of other Twitter accounts , viewing the aggregated listing in their default homepage , in online feed readers , or on desktop applications .
There are no threads or folded comments , just a flat list , so Twitterers have invented the convention of a hash tag ( # ) to indicate a continuing topic , in this case #amazonfail .
Searching for the tag displays
Tweets posted minutes or seconds before , and the search page has a function that adds a note on the page when more matches for the search are indexed , creating a fast - paced environment .
As on Facebook and other social networking systems , it has been misused - " twitter - mobs " created to tease or mock ( http://bhc3.wordpress.com/2009/03/20/breathe-reflections-the-cisco-fatty-story;
http://search.twitter.com/search?q=amazonfail).
On April 11 and 12 , there were many theories blogged and Twittered about Amazon 's actions and the company 's attitude toward GLBT books , from the mundane to the apocalyptic , based on the very real attacks these communities have suffered in the past .
The most common suggestion was that Amazon had decided to delist books on topics that the executives or a pressure group found distasteful .
Or perhaps a reporting system for flagging inappropriate books was attacked in an organized fashion .
A self - proclaimed " hacker " posted , claiming responsibility , but this was soon debunked .
The speculation continued , and indeed , it still does ( http://community.livejournal.com/meta_writer/tag/amazonfail; www.salon.com/mwt/broadsheet/feature/2009/04/13/amazon_fail_2/index.html;
http://letters.salon.com/mwt/broadsheet/feature/2009/04/13/amazon_fail_2/view/index8.html).
Metadata Categories to Blame ?
Later on April 12 , Jane of the Dear Author blog discovered that books delisted were not just GLBT but those tagged with " erotica " or " sex " as well , such as Full Frontal Feminism and the sociology textbook The Sexual Politics of Disability .
This explanation swept through the community , with thousands of links from #amazonfail : Good ( and reproducible ) information drove out the bad , in this case ( http://dearauthor.com/wordpress/2009/04/12/amazon-possibly-using-category-metadata-to-filter-rankings).
From this and other evidence , I believe there is a flag on each category , defining whether it is adult or nonadult .
When a category is flagged adult , the system automatically suppresses the sales rank and the main search results for all items in that category .
This is supported by the observation that many Kindle editions have a separate listing ( under the Kindle category ) and so some books delisted in book format were still available in Kindle format , and vice versa .
The category labels themselves seem to come from publisher catalogs , CIP ( Cataloging in Publication ) data , aggregators , and reviews such as Publishers ' Weekly and Library Journal , with other tags , possibly from users , inconsistently applied .
The Amazon database is distributed and the index is updated incrementally , so when readers do searches , they may come up with different results from one session to the next .
This means that the delistings seemed to roll across the catalog , including GLBT books , feminist , disabled - rights , and other sex - positive items , followed by Tweets reporting the changes .
Mysterious Adult Content Policy
As far as anyone can tell ( authors and publishers included ) , there is no stated policy on Amazon 's site regarding adult content .
The message sent to Probst is the clearest explanation : " In consideration of our entire customer base , we exclude ‘ adult ' material from appearing in some searches and best seller lists .
Since these lists are generated using sales ranks , adult materials must also be excluded from that feature " ( http://markprobst.livejournal.com/15293.html).
He was very surprised to get that message because the book is actually a YA story that includes gay characters , but it is certainly not explicit .
I could find only three reports of " adult " delisting before this , although people have noticed the lack of explicit materials not findable from the main page - only from subsections such as " Sex " and " Social Sciences - Pornography . "
The first just remains as a link to an article that has since been lost : " ‘ Amazon Hides Sales Rank on Certain Books ' August 27 , 2008 - 1:58 p.m.- Bibliofuture Amazon.com is hiding the sales rank on certain risqué books if they become too popular ... " ( http://lisnews.org/amazon_hides_sales_rank_certain_books).
The second is Amazon 's response to Craig Seymour , an associate professor of journalism at Northern Illinois University .
In early February 2009 , his memoir lost its sales rank , was delisted and removed from the Amazon search engine , presumably because of adult content .
While the title may have been provocative - All I Could Bare : My Life in the Strip Clubs of Gay Washington , D.C. - the book itself merited a positive Publishers '
Weekly review , and other books with " stripper " and related sexual terms in the title were not delisted .
He has posted several unhelpful responses from Amazon 's author service department , including one saying that it was " classified as an Adult product " and implying that was the reason he had no sales rank .
He and his publisher continued to insist that it be fixed , and 2 days later , his rank and findability returned , with no explanation ( http://craigspoplife.blogspot.com/2009/04/my-amazonfail-timeline.html; www.publishersweekly.com/article/CA6571980.html?industryid=47263).
The third is novelist Francine Saint Marie 's writing on AfterEllen.com , " Amazon 's ‘ Glitch ' Myth Debunked . "
This post describes Saint Marie 's difficulties in getting sales rank for Kindle editions of her lesbian romances .
She knew that the Kindle versions were selling because her publishing account was tallying royalty percentages .
But the books were only reachable by browsing the Gay & Lesbian section or following an offsite link to her Kindle book pages .
She was told over and over that nothing could be done about it : Amazon restated , " We do not have the ability to manually add content into the Amazon sales ranking system . "
And then again , " Amazon has no means of manually adding sales ranks / categories due to the automated nature of the system . "
And again , " We remain unable to manually add sales ranking information to any product detail pages . "
And again , " This is a fully automated process and we have no way to change this manually . "
However , she did tests with " new " authors , and they got ranked after only one sale .
Finally , in March 2009 , she deleted every title of hers from the Kindle store and then republished them on the store as untagged romance novels .
Within a day they had sales ranks ; some were even on the best - seller lists - the same books that had so many problems before .
She had clearly been on some kind of Adult content blacklist , and Amazon was unwilling to do anything about it ( www.afterellen.com/node/48877).
Amazon 's Responses
On the evening of Sunday , April 12 , mainstream press book reviewers also started following the story in their blogs .
The Los Angeles Times managed to get one quote from Amazon 's spokesperson : " Responding to our initial post , Amazon Director of Corporate Communications Patty Smith e-mailed Jacket Copy .
‘ There was a glitch with our sales rank feature that is in the process of being fixed , ' she wrote .
‘ We 're working to correct the problem as quickly as possible ' " ( http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/jacketcopy/2009/04/amazon-responds-to-adult-queries-blames-a-glitch.html).
The word " glitch " was not well - received by the concerned community , as it seemed to be a trivialization of a serious problem - it engendered another Twitter tag : # glitchmyass .
Then , on the morning of Monday , April 13 , Amazon sent a message to some publications and to those who had emailed the company :
This is an embarrassing and ham - fisted cataloging error for a company that prides itself on offering complete selection .
It has been misreported that the issue was limited to Gay & Lesbian themed titles - in fact , it impacted 57,310 books in a number of broad categories such as Health , Mind & Body , Reproductive & Sexual Medicine , and Erotica .
This problem impacted books not just in the United States but globally .
It affected not just sales rank but also had the effect of removing the books from Amazon 's main product search .
Many books have now been fixed and we 're in the process of fixing the remainder as quickly as possible , and we intend to implement new measures to make this kind of accident less likely to occur in the future .
( http://community.livejournal.com/meta_writer/13059.html)
However , there is still no statement of this kind on the Amazon front page , media relations area , blog , or any other area of the site , and the public relations department has not responded to our request for a comment .
There 's no question that Amazon 's near - silence has distressed and infuriated many people .
Without additional communication , there is no way to know what really happened and whether it might happen again .
Continued Distrust of Amazon
There are still rumors and worries because the marginalized groups affected are n't just paranoid - it seems that some people really are out to get them .
Varying anonymous statements ascribed to " Amazon insiders " speculating about management preferences and plans fed these fears .
Many people in the GLBT , disability sexuality , feminist , and other sex - positive communities feel attacked - that Amazon did something terribly wrong and may easily do so again ( www.salon.com/mwt/broadsheet/feature/2009/04/13/amazon_fail_2/index.html).
In a guest editorial on TechCrunch , veteran Silicon Valley technologist Mary Hodder wrote , " #Amazon Fail is about the subconscious assumptions of people built into algorithms and classification that contain discriminatory ideas ...
And we all know search result order can lead to big sales , or invisibility " ( www.techcrunch.com/2009/04/14/guest-post-why-amazon-didnt-just-have-a-glitch).
Amazon , like Starbucks , was once a small struggling startup , with high regard for its customers .
Having grown so large and unresponsive , it 's also now seen as a behemoth , crushing independent local stores , able to control what is available for purchase .
Clay Shirky , author of Here Comes Everybody , worries about the easy assumptions of malice .
" We 're no longer willing to cut Amazon any slack , because we do n't trust them , and we do n't trust them because we feel like they did something bad , even though we now know , intellectually , that they did n't actually do the bad thing we 've come to hate them for .
They did n't intend to silence gay - themed work , and they did n't provide the means for groups of anti-gay bigots to do so either .
Even if the employee currently blamed for the change in the database turned out to be a virulent homophobe , the problem is in not having checks and balances for making changes to the database , not widespread bias " ( www.shirky.com/weblog/2009/04/the-failure-of-amazonfail).
Implications for All Information Systems
We can certainly learn a lot from this disaster : improving our processes for change , for both code and metadata ; re-examining our metadata vocabularies ; protecting our systems from mistakes and maliciousness ; posting clear and detailed content policies ; and responding to user concerns as soon as humanly possible .
Information Quality Trainwrecks bloggers provided three possible reasons for this foul - up :
There are deficiencies in how Amazon manages and controls its matter - data
An algorithm ran that tagged children 's books or medical textbooks as " Adult " content ; then the algorithm was producing duff quality data , regardless of the intent ( in fact , if an algorithm to censor / restrict certain content does exist but was ' secret ' then the outcome of this boo boo has been to raise awareness of it ) .
The " Information Asset " was not properly secured and protected , which is vital , " as a cloudy business is the main asset that they have " ( www.iqtrainwrecks.com/tag/amazonfail).
The SmoothSpan security blog points to change control in source code as a model for metadata : " In this day and age of Cloud Computing , SaaS , and web applications , data is becoming increasingly just as critical as code .
Metadata , for example , is the stuff of which customizations to multi-tenant architectures are made of .
In that sense , it is code of a sort " ( http://smoothspan.wordpress.com/2009/04/14/amazonfail-shows-data-matters-too).
Amazon has had other problems in the past with automated systems , including miscataloging rabbit - shaped sex toys and sending their U.K. customers a flyer suggesting them as Easter gifts , even to customers who had not previously ordered from their Sex & Sexuality store ( www.theregister.co.uk/2007/04/12/amazon_rabbit_mail).
And another comment from Shirky : " The problems they have with labeling and handling contested categories is a problem with all categorization systems since the world began .
Metadata is worldview ; sorting is a political act .
...
No one gets cataloging ‘ right ' in any perfect sense , and no algorithm returns the ‘ correct ' results .
We know that , because we see it every day , in every large - scale system we use .
No set of labels or algorithms solves anything once and for all ; any working system for showing data to the user is a bag of optimizations and tradeoffs that are a lot worse than some Platonic ideal , but a lot better than nothing " ( www.shirky.com/weblog/2009/04/the-failure-of-amazonfail).
Keith Kisser ( the Invisible Library blog ) , in " There 's a Little Amazonfail in All of Us , " says " Some categories in the Library of Congress system still use ‘ Muhammadan ' as a subject term and ‘ homosexuality ' is still under ‘ Mental Disorders ' in some areas .
This is n't a coordinated effort against Muslims and the LGBT community by the Library of Congress , it 's just a legacy of our outdated cultural terms , biased categories that reveal old fangled bigotry and all around bad judgment on the part of our forecatalogers , who did n't know any better .
It 's also something that can be fixed " ( http://sanchezkisser.com/blog/2009/04/16/theres-a-little-amazonfail-in-all-of-us).
See correction to this paragraph in the Comments below -- with thanks to LC for sending it .
-- Ed .
The question of monoculture and a single company 's dominance comes up again and again .
Some people have called for exposure of policies for adult material , general categorization , and search algorithms .
While Amazon is highly unlikely to do that , public institutions can and should do so .
We 've seen the benefits of integration , from shared taxonomies to federated searching .
But there may be cases where a diversity of approaches can provide alternatives in situations like this .
Kassia Krozser of Booksquare wrote , " For those whose business relies upon Amazon 's ability to run its own business , Amazon needs to respond to questions of how this could happen and the steps being taken to prevent it from happening again .
If it is true that a single employee was able to miscategorize some content and then flip a digital switch for an entire node ( or branch ) of products based on attributes of one , maybe two , maybe more products assigned to that node , then vendors need to understand the steps Amazon is taking to prevent their products from being ' delisted . '
" So now we all know this flag exists in the Amazon system , and we know it 's been in existence for a long time .
We do n't know how it is used , who makes the decisions about whether to switch it on or off , or how outside pressures can be used to change the status of items in the database ( one also suspects that another customer service comment about responding to customer complaints has an element of truth as well ) .
While the book community in general will likely be more vigilant , it would be nice for Amazon to clarify its policy in this regard , and provide a notification / resolution process for those products that are ‘ flipped ' " ( http://booksquare.com/amazonfail-post-mortem).
This is a telling example of the importance of diversity in information sources .
Amazon could , at any time , remove or subtly hide information on any topic , from open source software to gay romance .
It certainly will not be stocking any books about how to disable the digital rights management ( DRM ) on the Kindle !
Any single source is likely to be flawed , limited by the assumptions of the people who created the system and the content .
Process and metadata management are no longer optional for any institution relying on information retrieval , whether for business or as an information resource .
Words are not meaning :
They have nuances and implications that only make sense in their context .
While metadata can supplement the source words with standardized vocabulary and taxonomic classification , that metadata has to be correct .
The more automation implemented the higher the likelihood that there will be errors .
It 's time to know who makes the metadata and what methods they use .
The cost of dirty data makes the cost of cataloging , or at least using a human to do reality - checking of imported categories , seem suddenly much smaller .
But we should also be aware of the limits of our understanding and design systems to handle change gracefully because it will come , in ways we can't possibly anticipate .
Editor 's Note :
The diagram above is reproduced with the kind permission of the National Coalition Against Censorship ( ncac.org ) and the creator Sarah Falcon .
Avi Rappoport is available for search engine consulting on both small and large projects .
She is also the editor of www.searchtools.com.
Email Avi Rappoport Comments Add A Comment
Posted By Matt Raymond
4/30/2009 11:56:23 AM
Regarding the comment above about the Library of Congress and subject headings , one of our reference librarians pointed out that the statement about homosexuality and " Muhammadans " is untrue .
This was the result of a search of the current Library of Congress Subject Headings and the entire hierarchy of all the mentions of homosexuality in the Library of Congress Classification system .
We also searched in LCSH and LCC and the LC catalog and could not find any mention of " Mohammadan " as a subject heading used on any record .
The only mention in LCSH is a reference to it NOT being used -- in other words , an " x " reference , which means " DO NOT use this heading . "
It is possible that the statement was based on a search of a library catalog that uses old headings and which has never changed them .
However , we could find no instances where his claim was true within Library of Congress systems .
Matt Raymond
Communications Director
Library of Congress ***************
Thanks for the correction - noted above .
-- Ed. Posted By Marcus H 4/21/2009 8:19:39 PM
And no where in all of Amazon 's response was any sort of reference to regret that anyone might have been concerned , inconvenienced , or offended .
Indeed , to my eye , their " explanation " was as " ham - fisted " as the original problem .
Instead , there was an air of corporate condescension and aloofness that smacks of arrogance .
I regret that I cannot any longer simply accept the information provided through their marketing system , and now have to question any ability to make a purchase responsibly through Amazon.com .
Posted By Glenn I 4/21/2009 8:05:21 PM
That was a helpful roundup of the story so far .
Thanks .
Posted By Paprika Pink 4/20/2009 3:29:53 PM
Great article looking without bias at the problems , risks , and necessity of treating products / art / commerce as data .
Back to top
Advertisements
President Barack Obama promised to change the tone in Washington , and to this end , the Obamas want to make happy hour a weekly event .
Interestingly , politics are off limits at these bipartisan social gatherings which reflects a time in the past when politics was n’t a 24/7 blood sport .
According to Politico , the big change at the White House is that the President and First Lady are social people .
The Bushs kept a slow social calendar , as did the Carters .
The Clintons are not the social or non-political types .
It is likely that they would see no value in any gathering where politics are off limits .
Plus the Clintons are very suspicious , and only seem to trust loyalists .
One has to go back to the JFK and FDR eras to recall a time when there was a social element to the White House .
In my opinion , the politics are off limits when the work day is over attitude reminds of the relationship between Democrats and Ronald Reagan , who battled Reagan from 9 - 5 , but personally liked the president .
The Reagan era was the last time that politics was n’t personal .
One of the tough lessons that Obama appears to have learned is that it is much easier to change the tone in Washington compared to changing how Washington works .
The tone was different between Obama and Congressional Republicans during the stimulus debate , but at the end of the day only 3 Senate Republicans supported the stimulus .
Advertisements
The idea that people can disagree , but still like each other used to be the foundation of compromise in Washington .
This was the way our government used to work .
Perhaps we are reaching the end of the era of the demonization of political opponents .
Republicans hated Bill Clinton , while Democrats hated George W. Bush .
Politics should not be a zero sum game , but this is the way most members of Congress have viewed it since 1994 .
Both parties found it politically useful to treat their opposition as the enemy .
The rhetoric provided red meat and motivation for the base .
The consequence of this behavior was an inability of both parties to listen to each other .
As much as Obama seems to be changing the tone , problems still remain .
Nancy Pelosi and the House Democrats will remain a constant thorn in Obama ’s side .
The rules are different in the House .
Compromise is not required to get things done .
The majority , not only rules , but rules with an iron fist .
Most of the Republican complaints about how the stimulus was handled center around Pelosi and the House .
Obama can be sincere about his desire to change the Capitol , but if the Congress keeps working the same old way , bad feelings will continue to ensue .
Even if both parties personally like the president , they still need to learn to work with the Congress .
Photos Depict Abuse By U.S. Personnel At Facilities In Afghanistan And Iraq
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – A federal court rejected a Bush administration request to reconsider a decision that ordered the Department of Defense to release photographs depicting the abuse of detainees by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit rejected the government 's request to have the full appeals court rehear a decision from last September ordering the release of the photos as part of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit seeking information on the abuse of prisoners held in U.S. custody overseas .
The Obama administration , which has not taken a position on the litigation , has 90 days to appeal to the Supreme Court if it chooses to challenge the September order .
" This decision is a stinging rejection of the Bush administration 's attempt to keep the public in the dark about the widespread abuse of prisoners held in U.S. custody abroad , " said ACLU staff attorney Amrit Singh , who argued the case before the court .
" These photographs demonstrate that prison abuse was not aberrational and not confined to Abu Ghraib .
Release of the photographs would send a powerful message that the new administration intends to make a clean break from the unaccountability of the Bush years . "
Since the ACLU 's Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request in 2003 , the government has refused to disclose these images by attempting to radically expand the exemptions allowed under the FOIA for withholding records .
The government claimed that the public disclosure of such evidence would generate outrage and would violate U.S. obligations towards detainees under the Geneva Conventions .
However , the appeals court in September 2008 rejected the government 's attempt to use exemptions to the FOIA as " an all - purpose damper on global controversy " and recognized the " significant public interest in the disclosure of these photographs " in light of government misconduct .
The court also recognized that releasing the photographs is likely to prevent " further abuse of prisoners . "
" This is yet another instance in which the Bush administration used national security as a pretext to suppress information relating to crimes that were endorsed , encouraged or tolerated by government officials , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
" The Obama administration should release these photographs now rather than participate in a cover - up of the last administration 's crimes . "
A copy of a recent ACLU letter to the Department of Defense seeking the release of the photographs is available at : www.aclu.org/safefree/torture/38967res20090310.html
To date , more than 100,000 pages of government documents have been released in response to the ACLU 's FOIA lawsuit .
They are available online at : www.aclu.org/torturefoia
Many of these documents are also compiled and analyzed in " Administration of Torture , " a book by Jaffer and Singh .
More information is available online at : www.aclu.org/administrationoftorture
In addition to Jaffer and Singh , attorneys on the case are Alexa Kolbi-Molinas and Judy Rabinovitz of the national ACLU ; Arthur Eisenberg and Beth Haroules of the New York Civil Liberties Union ; Lawrence S. Lustberg and Melanca D. Clark of the New Jersey - based law firm Gibbons P.C. ; and Shayana Kadidal and Michael Ratner of the Center for Constitutional Rights .
In the third of a series of articles looking at policing in Nigeria , the BBC's Andrew Walker visits a prison in the south - eastern city of Enugu where some people who have not committed any crime are locked up for years on end : " Welcome to the asylum ! " says prison warder Iroha Uka , cracking a broad and toothy grin .
We are in a section of Enugu Prison where the state prison service keeps what it calls its " civil lunatics " .
These are people who have been taken to court , either by the police or their families , and a magistrate has jailed them - indefinitely , sometimes for life .
A dozen men live in filthy cells like this in Enugu Prison Usually they have committed no crime , or very minor ones that may not merit a custodial sentence anywhere else in the world .
But the colonial - era law allows Nigerian courts to jail the mentally ill .
Prisoners ' Rehabilitation and Welfare Action ( Prawa ) is an organisation working to get " civil lunatics " released from Nigeria 's jails .
They have had 54 mentally ill inmates released from Enugu Prison since 2007 .
But there are still hundreds of others in already overcrowded jails all over the country .
Distress Enugu 's prison asylum is three tin-roofed sheds , split into separate " wards " , rooms filled with rows of bunk beds .
Civil lunatics are people that the society does n't want to be roaming around causing problems
Victoria Uzamaka
Enugu Prison controller
Vigilante ' jungle justice '
On patrol with Nigeria 's police
They are hot as ovens and dirty beyond belief .
Most of the day the people are locked inside because there are not enough warders to prevent them escaping .
The men sleep on threadbare foam mattresses or on woven mats on the concrete floor .
" None of these people will get any better here , " says nursing officer Michael Aroh .
" They need to be in a hospital environment , not a prison . "
A man approaches us and starts to yabber incoherently .
Everyone around him laughs as he struggles to form words that mean anything .
The distress in his eyes is clear , but he cannot stop the torrent of meaningless words that pour out of his mouth .
Suddenly he gains a grip of his language and says his name is John and that he has been incarcerated for nine years .
" I 'm [ in ] difficulties here , I need help !
They are detaining me here ! " he says before slipping again into gobbledegook .
Mr Aroh says John is actually called Uguchukwu Onaga and he suffers from schizophrenia .
" His mother got tired of him and stopped coming to visit about four years ago . "
Another inmate , 26 - year - old Ifeanyi , claims he was tricked into being sent to prison in February - possibly by his family .
A small boy brought him some marijuana and then the police arrived and arrested him .
" I have a wife and three children .
She is pregnant with another , " he says as his eyes well up with tears .
The police - not a doctor - recommended he should be in the asylum for five months , but he is worried he will be forgotten .
" I do n't know how I will get out of here . "
Seven years Edeh Ogbonnah Bertrand managed to get out .
The asylum is a kingdom of its own
Ex-inmate Edeh Ogbonna Bertrand
The 40 - year - old was in the asylum for seven years .
He says he was falsely accused of stealing some bottles of malt drink by a shopkeeper , who had a police friend arrest him .
He was initially jailed in the regular prison , but was never tried .
After several months he began to protest about his imprisonment and he was moved to the asylum .
" The asylum is a kingdom of its own , " he says .
" The stronger inmates make the rules .
You must do what they say or they will punish you .
" They make you do things like wash the floor or the toilet or physically harm you . "
Mr Bertrand was released after Prawa lobbied the state chief justice to examine the status of prisoners in Enugu Prison .
The organisation is working with families of people with mental illness trying to get them to take their relatives to psychiatric hospitals rather than to the police .
' Show them love '
The prison service itself wants to clear their facilities of civil lunatics as it says jails are already bursting at the seams with regular criminals .
The asylum was built as part of the prison during the British colonial era Enugu Prison has a capacity of 650 , but has more than 1,000 people inside .
Prisons are also filled with people who are yet to be tried for their alleged crimes .
" Civil lunatics are people that the society does n't want to be roaming around causing problems , unfortunately they are dumped in our prisons , " says Victoria Uzamaka , controller of Enugu Prison .
" We are trying to reach out to the families and to churches to get them to take care of them , show them love .
In the cases we have released people have got better . "
But Mr Bertrand says being rehabilitated is not an easy process .
" It 's very difficult : Not having anything to do ; getting used to the environment ; not having any money ; not having a career . "
He washes cars at a shop near the Prawa office , set up so ex-prisoners can make a small living .
" Getting appointed with something to do is difficult . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
People are occasionally surprised , David Simon says , to find that he still lives in Baltimore , the city that is the lead character in his epic television series The Wire .
They assume that the man behind all those box sets would have found himself a luxury penthouse in LA , or Manhattan at least , far from the devastated neighbourhoods his show portrays .
But on a cold , bright morning at the headquarters of his production company in downtown Baltimore , he seems as enmeshed as ever in the life of the city - bemoaning the latest antics of the police department and the failure of the Baltimore Sun , his former employer , to cover them .
" If I want to find out what 's going on in this city , I 've got to go to a fucking bar and talk to a police lieutenant and take notes on a cocktail napkin , " he says .
Simon is 48 , bald and stocky , and prone to grumbling aggressively in a manner that is , for some reason , wholly likable .
" That 's what passes for high - end journalism in Baltimore these days . "
One irony of The Wire 's global success is that there are now , presumably , plenty of middle - class Britons more familiar with the drugs economy , failing schools and corrupt politicians of Baltimore than they are with any part of inner-city Britain .
So faithful is The Wire to the specific vernacular of its setting , indeed , that there may be Londoners or Mancunians whose knowledge of west Baltimore drugs slang exceeds that of dealers in Philadelphia or New York .
They will have a new opportunity to embellish their vocabularies next month with the first UK publication of The Corner , the 1997 non-fiction book that inspired The Wire .
Written by Simon and his collaborator Ed Burns , a former Baltimore police detective , it is a forensic document of one year in the inner city , told through the prism of a single street corner , and the addicts and dealers for whom it's the frontline in the struggle to survive .
The publication is part of a high - profile year for Simon in Britain : he will appear at this year 's
Hay literary festival , while BBC2 will give The Wire its first airing on mainstream television .
Simon purports to be amused by his British success - " It 's hilarious to me that there are two people walking through Hyde Park right now , arguing about The Wire " - but it would be wrong to imply he 's surprised by it .
Modesty is n't part of the Simon repertoire .
He freely describes The Wire as revolutionary television , capturing " the truth " about the " universal themes " of life in the era of unrestrained capitalism ; you sense that , ultimately , he considers the global adulation only fitting .
When people call The Wire Shakespearean , he demurs , but only because he considers it a Greek tragedy instead : Aeschylus updated , with urban institutions as the Olympian gods , destroying human lives on a whim .
" It 's the police department , or the drug economy , or the political structures , or the school administration , or the macroeconomic forces that are throwing the lightning bolts and hitting people in the ass for no decent reason , " he has said .
( In a show loaded with symbolism , it 's no coincidence that the coldest expression of pure capitalism in The Wire is the criminal mastermind of season two , The Greek . )
You can watch The Wire , of course , as no more than a gritty soap opera , charting the lives of the alcoholic - but - brilliant detective Jimmy McNulty , the sociopathic kingpin Marlo Stanfield or the heartbreaking dope fiend Bubbles .
But do n't imagine Simon is n't also operating on another plane entirely .
It 's part of the price of admission to Simon 's worlds , both fictional and non-fictional , that you 'll have almost no idea what 's going on for the first few episodes , or the first few hundred pages .
Turning on the subtitles will help you only marginally with the Baltimore - speak of The Wire ; within the first few pages of The Corner , Gary McCullough , the real - life inspiration for Bubbles , is shown concluding that " the issue is 30 on the hype " , no explanation provided .
The soldiers of Generation Kill - Simon 's Iraq war mini-series , based on a Rolling Stone journalist 's book - length account of being embedded with the US marines during the 2003 invasion of Iraq - speak for minutes on end in impenetrable military lingo , and Treme , a show about the New Orleans music scene on which he 's currently working , promises similarly opaque music jargon .
This is quite deliberate .
The key principle of Simon 's storytelling was encapsulated in a remark that caused raised eyebrows when he uttered it , late last year , on BBC2's Culture Show : " Fuck the average viewer . "
When you want to write the truth , Simon argues , writing for those who know nothing sets the bar too low .
" That 's how they taught us to write at the Baltimore Sun : ' For the average reader with a seventh - grade education . ' "
But when he took a leave of absence to write Homicide , his account of a year with Baltimore murder detectives - it later became an acclaimed TV drama of the same name - he realised it was time for a new approach .
" There came this point where I sat down with all my notebooks and I had to start to write , " he says , " when I thought : this whole notion of writing for the person who understands nothing , the average reader ...
He has to die !
I can't have him in my head .
And so the person I started writing for was the homicide detective . "
He was n't aiming to please his subjects themselves , he insists ; many of the detectives emerge from the book as racist , homophobic , sexist or some mixture of all three .
" My guy in my head was some guy in Chicago I 'd never met .
Not the average reader .
Fuck him !
I want to write for the guy living the event .
When I criticise him , I want him to think , ' That was fair . '
When I do n't criticise him , I want him to think , ' He gets it . ' "
Generation Kill , meanwhile , unsparingly presents America 's finest fighters as video game - obsessed frat boys .
But even though one of them was forced out of his battalion as a result of the original book , Simon maintains that the marines involved are " in virtually every case " happy with their portrayal .
For the average reader or viewer , " the promise is that , as they go along , they 'll understand more and more , and maybe by the end they 'll understand most if not all of it " .
This sounds daunting , but watching The Wire or Generation Kill , that 's not how it feels : the ingenious effect is to leave the viewer with the smugness - inducing sense of being smarter than before .
" I love people who get to the end of the first episode and say , ' That 's the show they 're calling the greatest show in television ?
What ? ' "
Simon says .
" The first season of The Wire was a training exercise .
We were training you to watch television differently . "
The startling narrative compression of The Wire and Generation Kill means that no scene is ever a throwaway : miss a 10 - second plot point in episode three and you 'll regret it in episode nine , when it 's suddenly crucial .
" Even with shows that are somewhat sophisticated , you can take a phone call , you can have a conversation with your boyfriend or your spouse , and still pretty much grasp the show .
The Wire will fuck you if you do that . "
Is n't it arrogant to presume to retrain viewers in the art of watching television ?
" You know what would feel arrogant to me ?
What would feel arrogant to me would be asking you to spend 10 or 12 hours of your time a year watching my shit , and delivering something where we did n't hold that time precious .
Last year , with The Wire and Generation Kill , HBO gave me 17 hours of uninterrupted film - almost $ 100 m of production value .
What would be arrogant would be to waste that - to tell anything less than the most meaningful possible story .
Whenever I see a good subject ruined with a bad film or a bad book , I feel : shit , now it 'll be harder to go back there again .
How dare you presume to tell me a story , and then not tell me the best possible story ? "
When he started researching The Corner , Simon had covered crime for the Sun for 13 years , but examining the drugs trade from the inside presented fresh challenges : two white guys hanging around the corner of Monroe and Fayette in west Baltimore were hardly inconspicuous .
" We were initially regarded by many of the corner regulars as police or police informants , " Simon and Burns write .
It did n't help that some older dealers remembered Burns from his detective days .
The police posed a different problem : those who did n't recognise them kept threatening to arrest them , assuming they were buying drugs ; those who did recognise them stopped to chat , incurring the suspicion of locals .
It took five months until the corner regulars " were convinced that whatever else we claimed to be , we were n't police .
No one could recall seeing us buy or sell anything , nor did we seem to do anything that resulted in anyone getting locked up . "
By the time The Corner had become first its own mini-series and then , along with Homicide , source material for The Wire , west Baltimore had come on board to the point that throngs of spectators got in the way of filming .
According to rumour , real wiretaps went silent during broadcasts , as dealers suspended operations in order to watch .
If there 's a fault with Simon 's work , it 's that his characters can be so compelling , you forget to be angry about the situations he portrays .
You find yourself laughing at the war - hardened wisecracks of Generation Kill 's Corporal Josh Person , say , or wondering at The Wire 's Marlo and his coldblooded cool , without stepping back to take stock of the modern nightmares they 're enduring .
Simon , on the other hand , is very angry indeed .
" You are sitting in the deconstruction of the American Dream , " he says , indicating Baltimore .
" Which is to say there was a fundamental myth that if you were willing to work hard , support your family , stay away from shit that ain't good for you , you 'd do all right .
You did n't have to be the smartest guy in the room .
The dream was n't that everyone could get rich .
It was that everyone gets to make a living and see the game on Saturday , and maybe , with the help of a government loan or two , your kid'll go to college . "
His anger is wide - reaching : deprivation in Baltimore , imaginary WMDs in Iraq and Wall Street scandals are all part of the same betrayal - of capitalist institutions " selling people shit and calling it gold " .
Simon does n't respond well to the criticism that perhaps things are n't entirely bad - that his shows ' unremitting pessimism distorts a world where some people do defeat the crushing force of social institutions .
Last year , the journalist Mark Bowden made that charge in the Atlantic magazine , and Simon has n't forgiven him .
" This premise that The Wire was n't real because it did n't show people having good outcomes in west Baltimore ... I do n't know what to tell him .
We did n't spend a series in a cul - de- sac with people barbecuing ; it was the story of what 's happening at the bottom rungs of an economy where capitalism has been allowed free rein .
And if he 's telling me it's not happening , I want to take his fucking entitled ass and drive him to west Baltimore and shove him out of the car , at Monroe and Fayette , and say , find your way back , fucker , because you 've got your head up your ass at the Atlantic . "
Behind Simon 's general disillusion is a disillusionment with journalism , the only work he ever wanted to do .
Raised in a secular Jewish household in the Washington suburbs , he wrote for his school magazine , then was so busy editing the University of Maryland newspaper that it took him five years to graduate ( " with terrible grades " ) .
In his final year he began stringing for the local paper , the Sun ; his wife , the novelist Laura Lippman , is another former Sun reporter .
The way he tells it , the central betrayal of Simon 's life is the gutting of the Sun by profit - obsessed owners and Pulitzer - obsessed editors .
One of those reviled executives , Bill Marimow , gets an obnoxious police lieutenant named after him in The Wire ; Scott Templeton , the weaselly fabricator of season five , is modelled on a Sun colleague .
( Other former staffers describe Simon as a perpetual picker of fights . )
The collapse of the US newspaper industry has left politicians free to pursue their unethical schemes unscrutinised .
" The internet does froth and commentary very well , but you do n't meet many internet reporters down at the courthouse , " he says .
" Oh to be a state or local official in America over the next 10 to 15 years , before somebody figures out the business model .
To gambol freely across the wastelands of an American city as a local politician !
It 's got to be one of the great dreams in the history of American corruption . "
The way Simon sees it , The Wire and Generation Kill are , above all else , an exercise in reporting : the pulling back of the curtain on the real America that should have been undertaken by newspapers , transposed instead into the multimillion - dollar world of TV drama .
" It 's fiction , I 'm clear about that .
But at its heart it 's journalistic . "
Newspapers , he says , launching into a new tirade , " have been obsessed with what they called ' impact journalism ' - take a bite - sized morsel of a problem , make a big noise , win a Pulitzer .
It was bullshit !
But it was the only thing they knew .
But what America needed in the last two decades was not ' impact journalism ' .
What they needed was somebody explaining what the fuck was happening to the country . "
The phrase he uses to describe the role newspapers should have been playing is also , you can't help feeling , one Simon would like to see as his own epitaph : " A counterweight to bullshit . "
• The Corner is published next month by Canongate at £ 12.99 .
To order a copy for £ 11.99 , with free UK p&p , call 0330 333 6846 or go to theguardian.com / bookshop .
Senator Michele Bachman ( R , Minn ) announcement today that she planned to re-register as a Democrat , has sent the Democratic leadership into crisis mode
" Arlen Specter was one thing , " said Senate Majority Leader , Harry Reid ( D , Nev ) .
" Having Bachman on our side has me thinking of going Libertarian . "
Bachman , who 's been known to challenge sanity said she " saw the writing on the wall , " literally .
" When I woke up this morning I found that someone had scrawled , ' Arlen makes a lot of sense , ' on my bedroom wall and it looked a lot like Mitch 's ( Senate Minority Leader McConnell ) handwriting . "
While McConnell ( R , Ky ) would n't confirm the scrawling , he did say that losing Bachman is the least of his worries .
" With Norm ( Coleman ) losing to Franken , Arlen going turncoat and only 21 % of people polled identifying themselves as Republicans , I was thinking of heading over there myself , " said McConnell .
" Michelle has always danced to her own song .
Unfortunately , the song is ' They 're Coming To Take Me Away ' . "
Bachman , who has been known to get her facts somewhat inaccurate , yesterday READ THE REST OF THE SURPRISE MOVE HERE ...
_______
Could Be The Guy Who Wrote This Column
BLOG : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/steve-young/
VIDEO : www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOQzt0ZPTAs
NEWSPAPER : http://www2.dailynews.com/steveyoung
POLITICAL COLUMN : www.monitor.net/steve
BOOK ( S ) : www.GreatFailure.com /
About author Award - winning TV writer and Award - winning TV writer and political satirist , Steve Young , is author of " Great Failures of the Extremely Successful " and blogs at SteveYoungOnPolitics.com
Our civilisation depends on petrol , but we need to find a way to make it carbon - neutral ( Image : OJO Images / Rex )
Take brewer ’s yeast , add a gene from a salt marsh plant , grow it with an obscure bacterium found in a French landfill , and what have you got ?
A cheap , renewable way to fuel our cars , claims Christopher Voigt , a synthetic biologist at the University of California , San Francisco .
While biofuels derived from plants can theoretically be a carbon - neutral energy source , many also displace food - producing crops .
Making them from cellulose – structural material abundant in crop waste and grasses – can sidestep that problem .
But efficient processes to do so are lacking .
Voigt ’s team was looking for a way to get microbes to do the hard work , converting cellulose from crop waste or grasses into chemicals called methyl halides , which can in turn be turned into regular gasoline in a simple catalytic reaction .
Advertisement
Enzyme hunt
A variety of plants and microorganisms naturally make methyl halides in small amounts using methyl halide transferase enzymes ( MHTs ) .
But only a handful of such enzymes were known , so Voigt ’s team set out on a detective hunt to find more .
They scoured DNA sequence databases for genes that would produce proteins 18 % or more similar to the known MHTs .
Then they asked a DNA synthesis company to make the 89 matching genes found , and spliced them into the genome of E. coli bacteria , to see which of them produced methyl halides most efficiently .
“ We were essentially mining the sequence databases for function , ” Voigt explains .
The clear winner was one of the previously known MHT genes , from Batis maritima , known as turtleweed or saltwort , a plant found on the salt marshes of the southeastern US and California .
Bug buddies
Voigt ’s team spliced the gene into yeast to produce a strain able to make methyl halides in large amounts .
But the puzzle was not over yet .
They still needed to find an organism that would digest cellulose into smaller molecules that the yeast could readily convert into the substrate for the MHT enzyme .
Most cellulose - digesting microbes grow slowly , and become efficient only at relatively high temperatures .
The researchers needed an organism that could grow at about the same rate as yeast at the same temperature it favours – around 30 °C .
After an extensive search through the scientific literature , they found the ideal candidate : a bacterium called Actinotalea fermentans , isolated in the 1980s from a landfill dump in France .
That bacterium excretes acetate : if it is cultured alone , it soon poisons itself with this waste product .
But yeast can happily use acetate as a food source .
Voigt and colleagues had assembled the perfect microbial team – A. fermentans converts cellulose into acetate , which is in turn made into methyl halides by the engineered yeast .
It is a low - temperature , cheap process that produces the methyl halides that are readily converted into fuel .
Cheaper than oil
The researchers are now working to make the process more efficient , altering their yeast ’s genes to tune its metabolism to produce more substrate for the MHT enzyme from the available acetate .
Assuming their system could be made to work as efficiently as yeast converts sugars to ethanol , they calculate that it could produce gasoline more cheaply than from oil .
Voigt ’s novel co-culture is one of several attempts to make microbes produce advanced biofuels .
For instance , James Liao‘s team at the University of California , Los Angeles , has engineered E. coli to produce long - chain alcohols , which pack more energy than the plant - derived ethanol that is the main biofuel used today .
Meanwhile , South San Francisco company LS9 is tinkering with bacterial biochemical pathways that turn sugars into fatty acids – which can be converted to biodiesel .
“ It ’s valuable to have as many approaches on the table as possible , ” says Jay Keasling of the University of California , Berkeley , who heads the US Department of Energy ’s Joint BioEnergy Institute in Emeryville , California .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Chemical Society ( DOI : 10.1021.ja8094611u )
Final trailer for X - Men Origins : Wolverine .
Trailer provides never before seen footage and dialogue from the film , with added emphasis on Wolverine 's earlier days and the other title mutants .
Preview is also the most detailed on Logan 's relationship with Kayla Silver Fox .
Between playing numerous variations of “ Six ” on BATTLESTAR GALACTICA , the hard - nosed handler of former agent Michael Westen on BURN NOTICE and an upcoming stint as the mysterious Agent Alex Ford on NBC ’s action - comedy hybrid CHUCK , model - turned - actress Tricia Helfer may in fact be the busiest woman in show business .
Which is why this TV Addict was thrilled that she was kind enough to press pause on her busy schedule and take the time to talk to various members of the media about what the future holds for some of the most exciting characters to grace the small screen in recent memory .
On what fans can expect from the last two episodes of BURN NOTICE :
Tricia Helfer :
It ’s kind of hard without giving too much away .
I will say I ’m really excited to see the last episode .
There ’s a great stunt at the end that I ’m just so excited to see .
It ’s not even my stunt , but I ’m really excited to see it and I think it ’s going to be a great finale .
It really comes to a culmination point and Carla has kind of had it with Michael Westen and she realizes he ’s just basically run her around in circles after she ’s put some trust into him that he ’s going to find the bomber and help give her the name , which essentially is a rogue agent , but she knows it is , and he disappoints her , so it comes to a culmination .
On whether or not she ’ll be involved with season three of BURN NOTICE :
Tricia Helfer : I ’m not on board for next season .
As I like to say , I was the baddie of the second season , so yes , my last two episodes are this week and the finale , March 5th .
On shooting the BATTLESTAR GALACTICA series finale :
Tricia Helfer : Shooting the last episode is intense , not only do emotions run really high because obviously this is the last time you ’re working with a lot of these people and you become like family over five years , but it ’s also very intense because last episodes tend to come in very long .
I think we had a four hour script in a two hour time frame to shoot that we were maybe given a couple of extra days .
So we really shot incredibly long hours and everybody was kind of like zombies at the end of it .
So it ’s intense , emotions are really high , but it ’s also a wonderful feeling , it ’s a great feeling of accomplishment and camaraderie , too .
On the culmination of Number Six ’s relationship with Baltar :
Tricia Helfer :
For the first time I find out after five years of filming what that relationship is , so there will be a conclusion by the finale .
On the possibility of “ Six ” appearing in a potential BATTLESTAR GALACTICA spin-off :
Tricia Helfer :
You know , I ’ve never really thought about that .
Without giving away the finale , I guess there sort of could be .
It ’s definitely a closing in one respect , but now that you mentioned it , there could possibly be a spin - off .
I do n’t expect there to be .
I really do n’t expect there to be and I do n’t think that ’s their intention , but I guess you can never say never in this business .
Tricia Helfer on Breaking out of the Cylon mold :
Tricia Helfer : I think people within the business really respect Battlestar .
If they ’re fans of the show , if they watch the show , they ’ve also seen that the Cylons are n’t just cold robotic creatures like maybe a Terminator .
It ’s not your typical robot .
It ’s much more like Blade Runner and the Replicants and things like that .
So they have a lot more emotion and they ’re a lot more human than — I think it would be harder if you were playing much more of a robotic creature than people might think , that you might not be able to do other type of roles .
So I ’m really not worried about it .
On her upcoming guest appearance on CHUCK :
Tricia Helfer : My character ( Agent Alex Forrest ) is alive at the end of the episode and she could always come back , but I do n’t expect to come back , certainly not on a regular basis , but I ’d certainly sign to coming on again and shaking things up .
I think she may have a little thing for Casey at the end of the episode , so if she comes back , it would be fun to come back and explore that because Casey does n’t get very much action .
On her mystery pilot that ’s in development :
Tricia Helfer : I ’m right in the middle of pilot season right now .
It ’s my first year in five years of being available because of Battlestar now being finished .
I got Battlestar in my first year of acting , so definitely being on a show , it ’s amazing to be on a show , you want to be on a show , but it also limits what you can do with your hiatus when you ’re shooting 22 episodes a year of a show .
Now is really the first pilot season and I ’m actually in negotiations right now with a pilot that I ’m quite excited about , but it ’s a little too early to stake my claim on it yet until everyone has signed on the dotted line .
But yes , I ’m looking , as one of the callers earlier asked about varying roles and I ’m definitely looking for my next project to be something that ’s a little bit different .
First off , I ’ll be playing a human and not a spy .
But yes , I ’ll be looking for something that varies the roles up .
Do n’t miss Tricia Helfer on BURN NOTICE ( 10 PM Thursdays on USA Network ) , BATTLESTAR GALACTICA ( 10 PM Fridays on Sci Fi Network ) and on an upcoming episode of CHUCK ( 8 PM Mondays on NBC )
( Reuters ) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc , Warren Buffett ’s insurance and investment company , barely broke even in the fourth quarter because of losses on derivatives contracts tied to the stock market .
While Berkshire ’s results are closely monitored by investors , Buffett ’s annual letter is equally anticipated .
Below are some selected comments from the letter availablehere :
ON THE 2008 FINANCIAL CRISIS
“ As the year progressed , a series of life - threatening problems within many of the world ’s great financial institutions was unveiled .
This led to a dysfunctional credit market that in important respects soon turned nonfunctional .
The watchword throughout the country became the creed I saw on restaurant walls when I was young : “ In God we trust ; all others pay cash . ”
THE CREDIT MELTDOWN
“ By the fourth quarter , the credit crisis , coupled with tumbling home and stock prices , had produced a paralyzing fear that engulfed the country .
A freefall in business activity ensued , accelerating at a pace that I have never before witnessed .
The U.S. -- and much of the world -- became trapped in a vicious negative - feedback cycle .
Fear led to business contraction , and that in turn led to even greater fear . ”
2009 OUTLOOK
“ Most of the Berkshire businesses whose results are significantly affected by the economy earned below their potential last year , and that will be true in 2009 as well .
Our retailers were hit particularly hard , as were our operations tied to residential construction . ”
MAKING MOVES IN THIS MARKET
“ During 2008 I did some dumb things in investments .
I made at least one major mistake of commission and several lesser ones that also hurt .
I will tell you more about these later .
Furthermore , I made some errors of omission , sucking my thumb when new facts came in that should have caused me to re-examine my thinking and promptly take action .
“ Additionally , the market value of the bonds and stocks that we continue to hold suffered a significant decline along with the general market .
This does not bother Charlie and me .
Indeed , we enjoy such price declines if we have funds available to increase our positions .
Long ago , Ben Graham taught me that ‘ Price is what you pay ; value is what you get . ’
“ Whether we ’re talking about socks or stocks , I like buying quality merchandise when it is marked down . ”
IDENTIFYING ACQUISITIONS
“ Our long - avowed goal is to be the ‘ buyer of choice ’ for businesses -- particularly those built and owned by families .
The way to achieve this goal is to deserve it .
That means we must keep our promises ; avoid leveraging up acquired businesses ; grant unusual autonomy to our managers ; and hold the purchased companies through thick and thin ( though we prefer thick and thicker ) .
“ Our record matches our rhetoric .
Most buyers competing against us , however , follow a different path .
“ For them , acquisitions are ‘ merchandise . ’
Before the ink dries on their purchase contracts , these operators are contemplating ‘ exit strategies . ’
We have a decided advantage , therefore , when we encounter sellers who truly care about the future of their businesses . ”
GEICO
“ As we view GEICO ’s current opportunities , Tony ( Nicely ) and I feel like two hungry mosquitoes in a nudist camp .
Juicy targets are everywhere . ”
REINSURANCE BUSINESS
“ From year to year , Ajit ( Jain ) ’s business is never the same .
It features very large transactions , incredible speed of execution and a willingness to quote on policies that leave others scratching their heads .
When there is a huge and unusual risk to be insured , Ajit is almost certain to be called .
“ Ajit came to Berkshire in 1986 .
Very quickly , I realized that we had acquired an extraordinary talent .
“ So I did the logical thing : I wrote his parents in New Delhi and asked if they had another one like him at home .
Of course , I knew the answer before writing .
There is n’t anyone like Ajit . ”
HOUSING MELTDOWN
“ At that time , much of the industry employed sales practices that were atrocious .
Writing about the period somewhat later , I described it as involving ‘ borrowers who should n’t have borrowed being financed by lenders who should n’t have lent . ’
“ To begin with , the need for meaningful down payments was frequently ignored .
Sometimes fakery was involved .
( ‘ That certainly looks like a $ 2,000 cat to me ’ says the salesman who will receive a $ 3,000 commission if the loan goes through . )
Moreover , impossible - to - meet monthly payments were being agreed to by borrowers who signed up because they had nothing to lose .
The resulting mortgages were usually packaged ( ‘ securitized ’ ) and sold by Wall Street firms to unsuspecting investors .
This chain of folly had to end badly , and it did . ”
OWNING A HOME
“ Home ownership is a wonderful thing .
My family and I have enjoyed my present home for 50 years , with more to come .
But enjoyment and utility should be the primary motives for purchase , not profit or refi possibilities .
And the home purchased ought to fit the income of the purchaser .
“ The present housing debacle should teach home buyers , lenders , brokers and government some simple lessons that will ensure stability in the future .
Home purchases should involve an honest - to - God down payment of at least 10 percent and monthly payments that can be comfortably handled by the borrower ’s income .
That income should be carefully verified .
“ Putting people into homes , though a desirable goal , should n’t be our country ’s primary objective .
Keeping them in their homes should be the ambition . ”
MUNICIPAL BOND INSURANCE
“ When faced with large revenue shortfalls , communities that have all of their bonds insured will be more prone to develop ‘ solutions ’ less favorable to bondholders than those communities that have uninsured bonds held by local banks and residents .
Losses in the tax - exempt arena , when they come , are also likely to be highly correlated among issuers .
If a few communities stiff their creditors and get away with it , the chance that others will follow in their footsteps will grow .
What mayor or city council is going to choose pain to local citizens in the form of major tax increases over pain to a far - away bond insurer ?
“ Insuring tax - exempts , therefore , has the look today of a dangerous business -- one with similarities , in fact , to the insuring of natural catastrophes .
In both cases , a string of loss - free years can be followed by a devastating experience that more than wipes out all earlier profits .
We will try , therefore , to proceed carefully in this business , eschewing many classes of bonds that other monolines regularly embrace . ”
MAKING MISTAKES
“ Without urging from Charlie or anyone else , I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak .
I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year .
I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $ 40 - $ 50 price .
But so far I have been dead wrong .
Even if prices should rise , moreover , the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars .
“ I made some other already - recognizable errors as well .
They were smaller , but unfortunately not that small .
During 2008 , I spent $ 244 million for shares of two Irish banks that appeared cheap to me .
At yearend we wrote these holdings down to market : $ 27 million , for an 89 % loss .
Since then , the two stocks have declined even further .
The tennis crowd would call my mistakes ‘ unforced errors . ’ ”
DERIVATIVES
“ Derivatives are dangerous .
They have dramatically increased the leverage and risks in our financial system .
They have made it almost impossible for investors to understand and analyze our largest commercial banks and investment banks .
They allowed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to engage in massive misstatements of earnings for years .
So indecipherable were Freddie and Fannie that their federal regulator , OFHEO , whose more than 100 employees had no job except the oversight of these two institutions , totally missed their cooking of the books . ”
Jim Webb acknowledges that marijuana legalization should be on the table
I argued yesterday that Jim Webb ’s proposed commission on prison reform could be the first step to ending the drug war .
Now Jim Webb has confirmed that he ’s open to all possible outcomes regarding drug policies .
“ I think everything should be on the table , and we specifically say that we want recommendations on how to deal with drug policy in our country .
And we ’ll get it to the people who have the credibility and the expertise and see what they come up with , ” said Webb .
What about legalizing , taxing and regulating marijuana ?
Webb paused .
“ I think they should do a very careful examination of all aspects of drug policy .
I ’ve done a couple of very extensive hearings on this , so we ’ll wait to see what they say about that , ” he said .
So it ’s on the table ?
Webb flashed a wry grin , laughing mischievously .
The last government study group to look at drug policy , the 1972 Shafer Commission , recommended that President Richard Nixon decriminalize marijuana .
He did n’t .
Jim Webb is a serious guy with impeccable military credentials .
He ’s not someone who can be pushed around by the “ law and order ” crowd .
Proponents of legalization or decriminalization want this to happen overnight , but they are not being realistic .
A thorough study by experts will give politicians cover as they try to deal with this political minefield .
At the very least , advocates of reform should be pushing the feds to leave regulation of marijuana to the states .
This will make it much easier to get sensible policies , as progressive states like California and Massachusetts lead the way .
NANJING , China -- Zhang Weidong has been making the rounds at this city 's weekend talent fair for more than a month now and can't understand why he has n't landed a job .
" These companies are looking for employees , and I have a degree , " says the 22 - year - old computer major , clutching a plastic organizer stuffed with résumés , business cards and company information .
" I do n't know what I 'm doing wrong . "
Unemployed ...
Google 's Linux - based Android operating system was designed for cellphones , but excitement is building about the prospect of Google running Android on low - power netbooks .
The move would make sense .
Android offers desktop OS features such as its built - in Web browser , Chrome , and support for third - party applications through Android Market .
Also , in a recent test by two researchers , Android ran well on an Asus Eee PC netbook , and Asus itself has assigned engineers to work on an Android - based netbook .
On top of that , three weeks ago Google CEO Eric Schmidt hinted that Google may subsidize Linux - based netbooks as a way to boost its online services .
Yet , despite all this , Google has not confirmed any concrete plans for an Android netbook and according to analysts interviewed for this story that is not likely to happen this year .
However , there is a significant opportunity for Google and possible peril for Microsoft if netbook prices continue to drop , says Michael Cherry , analyst with independent research firm Directions on Microsoft .
" Netbooks are driven by price more than features , " he says .
" If the price gap between Windows and Linux - based netbooks widens , buyers may stop caring about the operating system . "
Cherry predicts that most netbooks will soon dip under $ 300 and says that computer manufacturers that are pushing netbook prices down will look to cheaper microprocessors such as those designed by ARM and cheaper OSs such as Linux .
" Microsoft is winning with netbooks now because people are comfortable with the Windows brand , " Cherry says .
" But netbooks are not a big investment for people , and they wo n't be willing to pay more for Windows , especially if there are restrictions like only being able to run three apps at a time . "
Cherry is referring to a drawback of Windows 7 Starter , a limited version of Windows 7 for netbooks that can only run three applications concurrently , though Microsoft says that all versions of Windows 7 should be able to run comfortably on a standard netbook with 1GB of RAM and a 1GHz processor .
Another tech analyst , Tim Bajarin , president of consulting firm Creative Strategies , believes that Google will eventually extend Android to netbooks , but not until early to mid 2010 .
No matter when an Android netbook arrives , he says , Google will confront mainstream PC buyers who are wary of Linux and comfortable with Windows .
" I still believe that a netbook is just a smaller laptop and that the majority of them will be Windows based even if an Android version does come to market in the future , " says Bajarin .
He stressed that even though netbook buyers have rejected Linux , Android could become a serious OS platform for netbooks if Google gets software developers to give it full support .
" But that 's a big ' if ' , " says Bajarin .
Cherry agrees that Google is likely to save a showdown with Windows on netbooks until 2010 , and part of the reason may be the economy .
" Even companies like Google with lots of capital are being cautious , " he says .
" They are worried about revenue .
So this is probably not the year to get bogged down in things like putting Android on netbooks that are interesting but not necessarily profitable . "
Last updated at 14:22 27 August 2007
Four tiny orpahned hedgehogs are snuggling up to the bristles of a cleaning brush - because they think it 's their mother .
The four inch long creatures are being hand - reared by staff at the New Forest Otter , Owl and Wildlife Park in Ashurst , Hants .
Workers say Mary , Mungo , Midge and Slappy get comfort from playing with the centre 's cleaning brush and enjoy rubbing against it .
Scroll down for more ...
The smells on the brush , which is used to sweep a yard , remind the hedgehogs of their natural habitat while the texture reminds them of their mother .
Manager John Crooks , 41 , said : " They are a bit like human babies - they need activities to keep them busy .
" Because they have very poor eyesight you have to appeal to their sense of smell and touch by giving them different scents and textures .
" They like natural scents and have enjoyed playing with our cleaning brushes , soil , leaves , flower pots and the like .
" They particularly seem to enjoy rubbing against the brush .
" It may sound odd but I imagine the bristles feel a bit like their mum . "
Scroll down for more ...
He added : " Three of the hedgehogs came to us because their mum was sadly crushed by a council palette truck at one of their depots .
" They are only a couple of weeks old .
" The fourth one is a little bit older and was found wandering around a back garden in the middle of the day .
" The home owner left it alone for a while to see if it would find its mum but after a few hours it was still by itself so she brought it into to us . "
The hedgehogs will be fed until they are full - sized and then they will be released back into the wild .
John said : " We are feeding them milk powder mixed with kitten food - but they do n't like fish flavour - they prefer nice meaty chunks .
" When they get older they will move onto proper cat food and will occasionally be given slugs and snails as a treat .
" There has been a real surge in slugs this year because of the wet weather so hopefully that will mean a good year for hedgehogs too .
" I would urge people not to kill garden slugs with pellets because the poison will be passed on to hedgehogs and a build up of poison could be fatal .
" If the weather is good they could be released in a month or so , otherwise we will feed them over the winter so they do not hibernate and then relase them in spring . "
Scroll down for more ...
He added : " They are quite a handful and each has their own character .
" One is quite snappy and another fairly sleepy . "
Are you kidding me ?
Now Obama ’s Labor Secretary has tax problems .
In what looks like an instant replay of other senate confirmation hearings over the last ten days , President Obama ’s nominee for Secretary of Labor has now revealed income tax problems .
Hard to believe , but true .
A Senate committee today abruptly canceled a hearing to consider Representative Hilda Solis as Secretary of Labor .
Oops .
Pangs of conscience convinced Solis ’ husband to pay $ 6,400 in tax liens YESTERDAY .
The liens had been piling up against his business for up for 16 years , so it appears to be yet another remarkable coincidence that yet another of Obama ’s nominees has decided to come clean and pay up immediately prior to confirmation hearings .
This is n’t an administration .
It ’s a sitcom .
Each day you can choose to either shoot zombies , search for supplies ( guns and upgrades ) or search for survivors .
WASD to move and mouse to aim and shoot the endless swarm of zombie attacks .
A Tasmanian scientist has discovered a new species of jellyfish .
Dr Lisa - ann Gershwin discovered the 13 - centimetre long creatures near the Stanley Jetty in the state 's north - west at the weekend .
Dr Gershwin is the Curator of Natural Science at the Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery in Launceston .
She made the discovery while taking time out from a geology field trip .
The pale orange jellyfish are about the size of an apple and do not sting .
An initial examination indicates they belong to the genus of Leucothea .
She now has the job of classifying it .
" Studying these jellyfish can help us understand how they survive for such long periods of time as well as how they may respond to climate change in the future , " she said .
Dr Gershwin is also entitled to name the species and has decided to honour museum boss , Patrick Filmer - Sankey .
Mr Topolanek said the ratification process could be revived at any time The Czech government has withdrawn treaties committing the country to the US ' missile defence shield from parliament , fearing they faced defeat .
The scheme is very controversial and the centre - right government has only a slim majority in parliament , which was due to vote on the treaties on Tuesday .
Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek insisted the withdrawal was temporary .
But doubts hang over the whole project , with US President Barack Obama refusing to commit to it .
The Czech government has invested much political capital in the project , which would rely on a radar station based on Czech soil .
The opposition is against Czech participation in the scheme .
With one MP sick , and another recovering from a car accident , the government beat a tactical retreat , says the BBC 's correspondent in Prague .
" This does not mean we are giving up on the ratification process , " Mr Topolanek said .
" We can return this material to the lower house at any time . "
The treaties have already passed the Senate , but must also pass the lower house to take effect .
' Offer to Russia ' Mr Topolanek is likely to discuss the matter with Mr Obama when he visits Prague next month .
Mr Obama has said his support for the missile shield - conceived under his predecessor George W Bush - depends on its affordability and proof that the technology works .
He has also said there would be no need for the shield if Iran was prevented from obtaining nuclear arms .
Some analysts have read this as an offer to Russia - which deeply opposes the project - to drop the shield plans if Moscow takes a harder line with Iran .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Optimiste , le député UMP Lionel Tardy a prévenu l'AFP , mercredi , au sortir d'une réunion organisée par la ministre Christine Albanel avnat l'ouverture des débats :
" On était six ou sept .
On a des députés qui n'y connaissent rien et vont suivre le gouvernement (...)
Si la gauche se mobilise , ce texte ne passera pas " .
Mercredi soir , plusieurs députés UMP sont montés au créneau pour s'opposer au projet de loi Création et Internet .
Après les rejets de l’exception d’irrecevabilité et de la question préalable présentées par les députés socialistes , l’Assemblée Nationale a procédé jusque tard dans la nuit à la discussion préalable sur le projet de loi Création et Internet .
Alors que la première mi-temps de Barcelone - Lyon venait de s’achever , il a fallu d’abord que l’opposition demande une suspension de séance pour qu’au moins quelques députés UMP se présentent enfin dans l’hémicycle .
Un comble , qui ne laissait pas augurer de la suite de la soirée , beaucoup moins consensuelle qu’au Sénat , y compris dans les rangs de la majorité .
Une vingtaine d’orateurs se sont longuement succédés à la tribune de l’Assemblée Nationale pour exprimer leur soutien , leurs doutes ou leur hostilité à l’égard du projet de loi présenté par Christine Albanel .
A gauche , les députés Jean - Pierre Brard ou François Brottes ont réveillé l’hémicycle et ses observateurs par des démonstrations précises du danger de la loi pour les libertés individiduelles et l’irrespect des droits de la défense , en accompagnant leurs propos de quelques expressions théatrales et quelques bons mots .
« C’est plus que du sur mesure , c’est de la haute - couture ! « , proclame ainsi M. Brard à propos d’une loi qu’il juge réalisée au profit exclusif des majors de l’industrie culturelle .
« Naïvement nous aurions pu penser que l’Hadopi aurait dû prouver la culpabilité , mais non , vous allez à la facilité ( en renversant la charge de la preuve ) .
Vous légalisez la pratique de la bavure « , renchérit M. Brottes .
La socialiste Sandrine Mazetier reproche au gouvernement de « cacher aux familles les risques que la loi leur fait courir « . «
Vous insécurisez l’ensemble des propriétaires d’ordinateurs , dans leur propre famille , ou même dans leur voisinage ou dans leur rue , avec les accès WiFi « , a prévenu la députée , qui fustige « une loi obsolète et crétine « .
Elle s’exprime alors sous les moqueries répétées de Frank Riester , rappelé à l’ordre par le président de séance .
« Ca devient pénible ! « , lâche ce dernier , passablement énervé par l’attitude du rapporteur du texte .
Lors de son intervention , le socialiste François Brottes a surpris et décidé de lire une lettre qu’il a reçu de « Jérôme » , un adhérent UMP .
Il a choisi de rendre sa carte en estimant que le projet de loi Hadopi allait trop loin dans l’obédience aux lobbys .
Et c’est bien dans les rangs même de l’UMP et plus généralement de la droite que les attaques les plus fortes ont été entendues .
« Lorsque l’on fait un procès au peuple , le peuple s’en souvient « , a ainsi prévenu le député UMP Alain Suguenot , qui avait déjà défendu la licence globale en 2005 au moment de l’examen de la loi DADVSI .
Nicolas Dupont - Aignan , ancien UMP de centre - droit , va dans le même sens .
«
Un jour nos enfants vous compareront aux moines copistes qui voulaient emprisonner Gutemberg « , assure ainsi le député , qui pense que « si André Malreaux était parmi nous , il se réjouirait ( du téléchargement ) « .
Le député UMP Lionel Tardy , auteur de nombreux amendements visant à corriger le projet de loi pour rétablir notamment le respect des droits de la défense , est monté également à la tribune pour décrier une loi qui « au niveau du respect de la Constitution , laisse largement à désirer « .
« Derrière ce texte , je vois surtout l’action de grands groupes « , reconnaît - il à son tour , « et je les comprends , ça n’est pas facile de voir son chiffre d’affaires chuter de 50 % en 5 ans » . « Mais c’était difficile également pour les éleveurs de chevaux de traie de voir arriver l’automobile « .
D’autres députés de la majorité , tels Jean - Frédéric Poisson , Patrice Martin - Lalande , Patrice Calméjane ou Jean Dionis du Séjour sont également intervenus pour dire leur opposition , au moins partielle , au projet de loi .
Ce dernier , ancien UDF passé Nouveau Centre , a demandé avec vigueur au gouvernement de substituer la menace de la coupure par des amendes , comme ses collègues Martin - Lalande ou Poisson .
Patrice Calméjane , quant à lui , a demandé au pire la réduction du débit , mais dénoncé un texte qui sera inapplicable s’il reste franco - français .
Les soutiens sans réserve sont venus des députés UMP Philippe Gosselin , Michel Herbillon , Christian Kert , Françoise de Panafieu et Manuel Aeschlimann , qui tous ont cité les mêmes chiffres du piratage fournis par les lobbys pour justifier leur adhésion au projet de loi Création et Internet .
« Le piratage c’est le vol « , assure ainsi M. Gosselin , tandis que M. Herbillon tient « à saluer le travail impartial et remarquable de Denis Olivennes « .
En fin de séance , la ministre de la Culture Christine Albanel a redit son intention de « défendre ce projet de loi avec conviction « , et assuré qu’il sera plus efficace que la loi DADVSI .
« Notre projet de loi est fondé sur des accords interprofessionnels ce qui fait toute la différence « , a -t - elle répété , en se défendant de « faire œuvre de moines copistes « .
« La Haute Autorité pourra agir efficacement et prévenir les abonnés par mails puis par lettre recommandée ( … ) dans l’immense majorité des cas ça correspondra à un réel téléchargement « , a assuré la ministre .
Elle a expliqué qu’il est « tout à fait possible de protéger son adresse IP « , sans toutefois dire comment , au grands regrets de l’opposition .
Christine Albanel « n’a pas répondu aux différents députés « , constatait ainsi François Brottes après l’intervention de la ministre .
« C’était une courtoisie minimum de prendre la peine de répondre aux différents parlementaires , nous constatons que ça n’a pas été fait et nous restons sur notre faim « .
C’est toutefois une constante depuis le début du processus d’élaboration de la riposte graduée : ignorer les problèmes et foncer tête baissée .
Welcome :
Goodtricks .net is designed as an aid to learning about the exciting world of magic and mischievous bar pranks .
You will find lots of saloon friendly magic tricks on this page to learn at your own speed .
It may take years of practice and dedication to roll out some really polished material to the standard of say , Doc Eason who is well known as one of the world 's best know magicians specializing in bar magic .
Do n't worry about really hard to do tricks .
A couple of well practiced . , easy to follow ones , paired up with some entertaining patter should get you some fun results .
Enjoy the site and good luck with your magic tricks .
Quick Links :
In this Friday , July 22 , 2005 file photo , a rainbow forms in rainy skies over State Highway 178 between Death Valley National Park and the town of Shoshone , Calif .
More than 500,000 acres in the Mojave Desert would be off - limits to wind or solar energy production under legislation Sen. Dianne Feinstein intends to introduce .
The land is coveted by companies seeking to develop alternative energy , setting up a potential clash with one of the more powerful members of Congress .
( AP Photo / Reed Saxon )
( AP ) -- California 's Mojave Desert may seem ideally suited for solar energy production , but concern over what several proposed projects might do to the aesthetics of the region and its tortoise population is setting up a potential clash between conservationists and companies seeking to develop renewable energy .
Nineteen companies have submitted applications to build solar or wind facilities on a parcel of 500,000 desert acres , but Sen .
Dianne Feinstein said Friday such development would violate the spirit of what conservationists had intended when they donated much of the land to the public .
Feinstein said Friday she intends to push legislation that would turn the land into a national monument , which would allow for existing uses to continue while preventing future development .
The Wildlands Conservancy orchestrated the government 's purchase of the land between 1999 - 2004 .
It negotiated a discount sale from the real estate arm of the former Santa Fe and Southern Pacific Railroad and then contributed $ 40 million to help pay for the purchase .
David Myers , the conservancy 's executive director , said the solar projects would do great harm to the region 's desert tortoise population .
" It would destroy the entire Mojave Desert ecosystem , " said David Myers , executive director of The Wildlands Conservancy .
Feinstein said the lands in question were donated or purchased with the intent that they would be protected forever .
But the Bureau of Land Management considers the land now open to all types of development , except mining .
That policy led the state to consider large swaths of the land for future renewable energy production .
" This is unacceptable , " Feinstein said in a letter to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
" I urge you to direct the BLM to suspend any further consideration of leases to develop former railroad lands for renewable energy or for any other purpose . "
In a speech last year , Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger complained about environmental concerns slowing down the approval of solar plants in California .
" If we can not put solar power plants in the Mojave desert , I do n't know where the hell we can put it , " Schwarzenegger said at Yale University .
But Karen Douglas , chairman of the California Energy Commission , said Feinstein 's proposal could be a " win-win " for energy and conservation .
The governor 's office said Douglas was speaking on the administration 's behalf .
" The opportunity we see in the Feinstein bill is to jump - start our own efforts to find the best sites for development and to come up with a broader conservation plan that mitigates the impact of the development , " Douglas said .
Douglas said that if the national monument lines were drawn without consideration of renewable energy then a conflict was likely , but it 's early enough in the planning process that she 's confident the state will be able to get more solar and wind projects up and running without hurting the environment .
" We think we can do both , " Douglas said .
" We think this is an opportunity to accelerate both . "
Greg Miller of the Bureau of Land Management said there are 14 solar energy and five wind energy projects that have submitted applications seeking to develop on what 's referred to as the former Catellus lands .
None of the projects are close to being approved , he said .
The land lies in the southeast corner of California , between the existing Mojave National Preserve on the north and Joshua Tree National Park on the south .
" They all have to go through a rigorous environmental analysis now , " Miller said .
" It will be at best close to two years out before we get some of these grants approved . "
Feinstein 's spokesman , Gil Duran , said the senator looks forward to working with the governor and the Interior Department on the issue .
" There 's plenty of room in America 's deserts for the bold expansion of renewable energy projects , " Duran said .
---
On the Net :
The Wildlands Conservancy : http://wildlandsconservancy.org
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
Carbon dioxide emissions from modern society are turning the ocean more acidic and some sea creatures are already suffering , according to research to be discussed at a major global science conference .
OCEAN ACIDIFICATION
Up to one half of the CO2 released by burning fossil fuels over the past 200 years has been absorbed by world 's oceans
This has lowered its pH by 0.1 pH is the measure of acidity and alkalinity
The vast majority of liquids lie between pH 0 ( very acidic ) and pH 14 ( very alkaline ) ; 7 is neutral Seawater is mildly alkaline with a " natural " pH of about 8.2
The IPCC forecasts that ocean pH will fall by " between 0.14 and 0.35 units over the 21st Century , adding to the present decrease of 0.1 units since pre-industrial times "
Natural lab shows sea's acid path Studies in the Southern Ocean by Australian scientists found that the shells of tiny amoeba - like creatures called foraminifera have become thinner since the Industrial Revolution .
The scientists say this shows that increasing CO2 uptake in the ocean has a direct effect on the ability of micro-organisms to make shells .
The paper , being presented at the University of Copenhagen 's International Scientific Congress on Climate Change , will add to a rising tide of scientific concern over ocean acidification .
Already , ocean acidity has increased about 32 % since pre-industrial times .
By 2100 , it is projected to have increased by perhaps 130 % , which scientists fear could have a potentially catastrophic impact on marine life .
In a study published in Nature Geoscience , William Howard , Andrew Moy and colleagues collected the shells of the organisms as they fell towards the sea floor .
They compared the mass of the shells , about the size of a grain of sand , to the mass of older shells on the sea floor .
The modern shells were 30 to 35 % lighter than those that formed prior to the industrial period .
The researchers from the University of Tasmania attribute the change to the acidification of the Southern Ocean , which they say is driven by the uptake of CO2 from factories , cars and power stations .
Mussel test
Other scientists are wary of attributing all the blame for the acidification of the Southern Ocean on humans - there is major upwelling of more acidic water from the deep seas .
The more we look at long - term chronic effects of acidification , the more worrying it becomes
Dr Steve Widdicombe ,
Plymouth Marine Laboratory
Waters from the deep ocean are colder than the surface waters and contain more carbon , which mixes with the seawater to form carbonic acid .
But this will not diminish concern over the problem of ocean acidification in general .
Some of the cutting - edge work in this new field of science is being done at Plymouth Marine Laboratory ( PML ) in south - west England .
A blustery wind is cutting in from the English Channel when we go to meet the laboratory 's Steve Widdicombe , who is gathering mussels from the estuary of the River Exe .
He will use the molluscs to test how they will respond to increasing acidity as CO2 emissions rise .
The Exe is nearly a mile wide at this point and Steve has to work quickly because the tide is about to turn .
The specimens are taken back to the lab where their blood is sampled with a needle thrust through a gap in their shell .
An enzyme test indicates the strength of their immune system .
Then they are placed in tanks where acidity has been increased by bubbling CO2 through the water .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
This is a long - term test , and Dr Widdicombe suspects it will show that mussels will be seriously compromised by the levels of acidification expected by 2100 .
A previous experiment at PML , published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society , showed that starfish would be killed by a pH of 7.7 , which may occur by 2100 if CO2 emissions continue to rise .
Ocean pH levels have , on average , previously remained roughly constant at 8.2 for at least half a million years .
" We found that relatively small changes in pH ( acid / alkali balance ) for a long period cause creatures to use up energy trying to respond to the change , " Dr Widdicombe says .
" The more we look at long - term chronic effects of acidification , the more worrying it becomes , " he adds .
" It 's a continuous stress .
We can all respond to temporary stress but if we are under continuous stress we get sick . "
The big question with acidification is whether calcifying organisms that need more alkaline conditions to create their shells will be able to adapt to more acidic waters .
" We need to look at evolutionary timescales , " Dr Widdicombe explains .
" No - one has done the studies on what if anything would drive the ability to adapt .
" I personally think evolutionary timetables are simply too short to respond to the sort of changes we are making .
I really fear the worst . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As chief authors of the bipartisan Medical Marijuana Bill moving through the Legislature , we felt compelled to respond to Dakota County Attorney Jim Backstrom ’s misleading column regarding our bill ( “ Law enforcement groups oppose it , and here ’s why , ” March 20 ) .
It was extremely disappointing to note that Backstrom began his column by asserting that he and the groups he represents will never agree to sit down with us to negotiate a bill that meets their concerns .
This is unfortunate , because in other states , law enforcement has been supportive of the legalization of medical marijuana .
They got involved in the process early on and worked with lawmakers to craft a system that would be workable .
Because of their involvement , other states ’ medical marijuana systems have been successful .
Instead , in Minnesota , law enforcement comes before legislative committees and authors editorials vilifying our efforts to provide the seriously ill with relief from their pain and suffering .
Backstrom criticizes our bill by saying that medical - marijuana patients in Minnesota would have access to more marijuana than they needed .
In reality , the possession limits offered under our bill are reasonable and identical to the limits established by Rhode Island , Maine and Michigan .
Eligible patients would be monitored through a registration system , and people who misuse their registration card would face felony prosecution — a stricter penalty than the misdemeanor offense for illegal possession of the drug .
It is also not true that our bill does not provide effective law enforcement oversight .
Law enforcement would have access to all of the Health Department ’s registered patient cardholder information .
Also , we feel the primary oversight by the Health Department is appropriate because this is an issue concerning medicine .
Just as doctors do not hand out traffic tickets , police should not be dispensing medication .
It ’s unfortunate that Backstrom is dismissive of patients who suffer from diseases other than cancer , AIDS or MS .
Under our bill , only those with “ intractable pain ” — which is statutorily defined as the most serious pain a person could experience that cannot be medically alleviated — could be prescribed medical marijuana by a doctor .
It ’s extremely misleading for Backstrom to note that some medical organizations have not “ endorsed ” medical marijuana .
In addition to the more than 2,700 Minnesota doctors and nurses who sent us a letter indicating their support for our bill , the American College of Physicians , the Minnesota Nurses Association , the American Nurses Association and others have positions in support of medical marijuana .
Finally , law enforcement expresses opposition to medical marijuana because it has not been approved by the FDA .
This argument is weak , as the FDA has never bothered to study medical marijuana .
It also granted approval to Vioxx , a drug whose side effects ended up killing thousands of people .
The bottom line is that medical marijuana has worked well in the 13 states where it is legal .
In those states , the rule of law still prevails , but the efforts of the seriously ill and dying , who are only trying to ease their suffering , are decriminalized .
There is no reason to believe that our great state would be any different .
Steve Murphy of Red Wing represents District 28 in the Minnesota Senate .
His e-mail address is sen.steve.murphy@senate.mn .
Tom Rukavina of Virginia represents District 5A in the Minnesota House of Representatives .
His e-mail address is rep.tom.rukavina@house.mn .
Both are DFLers .
Software Tree , a Silicon Valley database company that develops object - relational mapping technologies , has filed a lawsuit against Red Hat , alleging that the Java - based JBoss application server infringes on one of its patents .
The suit also names several of Red Hat 's allies , including hardware - maker Dell , which sells a Red Hat appliance that comes preloaded with JBoss .
Red Hat acquired JBoss in 2006 for $ 350 million , a move that effectively turned the Linux distributor into a major target for patent infringement litigation .
Database technology is a patent minefield and there are quite a few broad patents that cover various fundamental aspects of object - relational mapping .
Patent suits pose an especially challenging problem for Red Hat , because conventional patent settlements are not particularly compatible with the open source development model .
In order to obtain broad protection for downstream redistribution , the terms of the patent settlement agreements have to be much more expansive than they are typically .
When Red Hat settled a database patent dispute last year with Firestar and DataTern , the company was able to secure such terms .
The patents were later invalidated by Sun .
According to the complaint , which Software Tree filed in the patent - troll - friendly Eastern District of Texas , JBoss infringes on patent # 6,163,776 , which describes a " system and method for exchanging data and commands between an object oriented system and relational system . "
The filing also says that the patent was reexamined in 2008 and found to be valid and enforceable .
Compared to the Firestar suit , it could be much harder for Red Hat to make this go away .
Ironically , Red Hat cited the Software Tree patent as prior art during its battle with Firestar .
Software
Tree uses this is as the basis to argue that Red Hat 's infringement was willful — a transgression that could treble the amount of damages that Red Hat would have to pay if Software Tree wins the suit .
" Red Hat 's actual knowledge [ of the patent ] is manifested in another third - party patent infringement lawsuit involving the relevant technology , and the ' 776 Patent was cited by this Defendant as a prior art reference .
Red Hat 's infringement is therefore willful , " the lawsuit says .
In addition to calling for the court to grant it payment of treble damages , Software Tree also wants an injunction imposed on Red Hat to block distribution of JBoss .
Software
Tree demands a jury trial to resolve the dispute .
Red Hat is currently fighting off an unrelated patent infringement lawsuit from patent - holding company IP Innovations over desktop software user interfaces .
At the Southern California Linux Expo last month , Red Hat vice president and assistant general counsel Rob Tiller discussed the problems with the patent system and the need for reform .
He pointed out that the cost of software patent litigation since 1994 has vastly exceeded the profit generated by software patent licensing during the same period .
He is hopeful that much - needed reform legislation will finally arrive this year .
Or , how the Barr Amendment killed a paraplegic over a single lousy joint …
Happy Valentine ’s Day , Jonathan — We have not forgotten you !
By George Rohrbacher , NORML Board of Directors , medical marijuana patient
I love my own children beyond all measure .
They range from 33 - to - 26 years old , three sons and a daughter who ’ve returned to me a lifetime of love and four grandkids , with three more on the way .
It is from this perspective that I first heard of the death of Jonathan Magbie and continue to think about him today .
In October of 2004 , I arrived in Washington DC for a NORML Board of Directors meeting , having just flown in from the west coast .
It was late Friday afternoon .
In NORML ’s office , Allen St. Pierre , our Executive Director , slid the second section of that day ’s Washington Post across the desk to me .
There , above the fold , was a news story that made me sick to my stomach .
The article was about the death of Jonathan Magbie , a 28 - year old black wheelchair - bound paraplegic , a first offender who died while serving a ten - day jail sentence for the possession of one single lousy joint !
The year was 2004 , it happened right in our nation ’s capitol , Washington DC .
At the epicenter of the “ Land of the Free ” , the cops and courts had put a paralyzed man in jail for pot !
He died of respiratory collapse on day - four of his ten - day sentence in the custody of our government .
Judge Retchin ’s sentence , ‘ ten - days - in - the - hole ’ was a cruel response to Jonathan ’s honest and forthright answers that he used marijuana to help ease his pain and that he intended to use marijuana again , after he was released .
After all , the people of Washington DC had voted overwhelmingly for medical marijuana in 1998 — it passed with a 69 % yes vote !
But then , the marijuana prohibitionists in Congress constructed the Barr Amendment , a federal appropriations rider that blocked the implementation of the will of Washington DC ’s voters :
So , District of Columbia , if you want your operating money from the federal government , to hell with the voters ’ say on medical marijuana .
A victim of alcohol , one of America ’s lethal but legal drugs , Jonathan Magbie was struck and paralyzed for life by a drunk driver .
Shown here with President Ronald Regan , Jonathan Magbie was a national poster boy for MADD , at the age of 8 .
Before Judge Retchin was a young man who had been in a wheelchair for 24 - years , ever since , as a four - year old child , Jonathan had been hit , with tragic irony , by a drunk driver and paralyzed for life .
For two and a half decades , Jonathan was imprisoned inside his own body , a punishment so cruel that no judge ’s sentence could ever come close to matching it — until the application of Washington DC “ justice ” .
As my eyes moved down through the text of the Post story , in this horrible tragedy , I began to see how easily this loss could have been my own .
Jonathan was the very same age as one of my sons .
When I finished reading and I looked back up at Allen , there were tears streaming down my face .
The Washington D.C. courts could just as easily have killed one of my own sons !
And over what ???
I screamed … Over what ???
Jonathan had died in the hands of our government over one single friggin ’ joint !!!
Jonathan ’s family had faithfully cared for him , all his 28 - years , despite the horrendous health complications of being paralyzed below one ’s chin .
But , after just four days in the care of Washington DC ’s jailers , they had killed him !
No one took responsibility for the death of Jonathan Magbie .
With the help of the ACLU , Mrs. Scott , Jonathan ’s mother , successfully sued Washington DC and was recently granted a large undisclosed award .
But , as any parent can tell you , no award could ever compensate for the lost of a child .
And , why , oh why , was Jonathan arrested and put in jail , in the first place ?
MARIJUANA .
Jonathan was just one of the 20 - million Americans who ’ve been arrested on marijuana charges , and 89 % of them , just like Jonathan , for a very small amount intended for personal use .
Bush ’s Drug Czar , John Walters , recently claimed that jailed marijuana offenders are as rare as unicorns .
Well , what about Jonathan Magbie , the Patron Saint of Unicorns , who died for one joint , jailed just blocks from the White House and Drug Czar ’s very own plush and cozy office ?
The Congressional marijuana prohibitionists continue using the Barr Amendment to tell Washington DC ’s voters to take their will and “ shove it ” .
These beltway prohibitionists encourage local D.C. judges that they want to see a lot see more of that good old ‘ Retchin justice ’ .
You say a 69 % voter approval rating for medical marijuana in D.C. ?
Well — screw that !!
Congress ’ pot prohibitionists , like the Republicans ’ minority leader , could n’t care less if DC ’s voters had given the measure 99 % approval .
The arrest , conviction , sentencing and subsequent death of Jonathan Magbie is the ultimate implementation of the Barr Amendment .
Jonathan ’s blood is on the hands of all members of Congress who voted for it .
The War on Drugs is , in reality , a war on the people who use drugs ; coercion and incarceration , the prime tools of the trade .
As a way to demonstrate just how tough the courts are with those ‘ so - called medical marijuana patients ’ in our nation ’s capitol , Judge Retchin decided , paralyzed or not , Jonathan Magbie needed to be taught a lesson .
Well Judge , what do you think he learned ?
And …what should America learn from the death of this innocent and defenseless young man , Jonathan Magbie , Patron Saint of Unicorns ?
THE BALLAD OF JONATHAN MAGBIE
© 2006 George Rohrbacher and NORML
Confined to a wheelchair ever since he was four years old ,
The life of President Regan ’s poster boy has needlessly run cold .
No matter that Jonathan Magbie was paralyzed below his chin
He got a death sentence for using pot as his medicine .
Over a single lousy joint , he got hauled up before the law ,
Ten days in the hole !
Judge Retchin hammered with her claw .
Up under the jailhouse this first - offender would be sent ,
A - Gasping for air , Magbie ’s jailtime would be spent .
Chorus
If Jonathan ’s story does n’t break your heart , you ai n’t got one
If this family ’s tragedy does n’t cry for Justice , there is none .
What ya’ gonna ’ tell a frantic mom how you ’ve killed her son
A casualty in the war that ca n’t be won .
Demented justice … Judge Retchin ’s justice …
Prison life is tough , so much tougher when you ’re driving with your chin
Officials pointin’ everywhere , “ ai n’t my fault we killed poor Jonathan ” .
Washington D.C. ’s voters said medical cannabis was “ O.K . ”
And then , our stinkin’ Federal politicians blocked the People ’s say .
Slowly drowning in a mucus mess
Jonathan ’s dead now , let ’s call the drug war a success
So what about jailing a cripple , over a little blunt of weed ?
Did this cruel and unusual punishment meet some social need ?
Chorus
If Jonathan ’s story does n’t break your heart , you aint ’ got one
If this family ’s tragedy does n’t cry for justice , there is none .
What are ya’ gonna ’ tell a crying mom how you ’ve killed her son
He ’s as dead as if you ’d shot him with a gun .
Demented justice … Judge Retchin ’s justice … wretched injustice
When Jonathan smoked the ganja to make himself feel right ,
He puffed away his pain with the safest drug in sight .
That one bud could bring a hurtin ’ man , ten un - do - able days in jail ,
Then compassion , common sense , and Justice–even human kindness fails .
Burying your child is the hardest thing that ’s ever to be done in life .
A death caused by those charged “ to protect and serve ” cuts deeper than any knife .
We ’re left with chains of earthly bondage , now that Jonathan ’s been set free ,
Let ’s ask ourselves , is this the world we want for him , or you and me ?
Chorus
If Jonathan ’s story does n’t break your heart , you ai n’t got one
If this family ’s tragedy does n’t cry for Justice , there is none .
What ya’ gonna ’ tell a grievin ’ mom how you ’ve killed her son
Another casualty in the war that ca n’t be won .
Demented justice … our country ’s Retchin justice … it ’s a wretched injustice *** Listen to George Rohrbacher read ‘ The Ballad of Jonathan Magbie ‘ here .
Wedgwood 2009 : People of color are arrested and incarcerated for marijuana at rates hugely disproportionate to those of whites .
NORML has updated the world - famous anti-slavery medallion produced in 1787 by Josiah Wedgwood .
This medallion was the visual symbol of the first successful movement working to end slavery in the world .
This image was about as famous , in the 18th and 19th centuries , as the peace symbol is today .
Wedgwood produced 20,000 of these anti-slavery medallions .
In the campaign to change public opinion on the issue of slavery , the image became a touchstone .
The slave trade was finally ended in England in 1807 .
NOTE : Josiah Wedgwood ’s daughter was Charles Darwin ’s mother .
Born 200 years ago and on the very same day as Abraham Lincoln , Charles Darwin ’s hatred of slavery shaped his views on human evolution .
The NORML Jonathan Magbie MUSIC CHALLENGE :
NORML challenges other musicians to take this meager effort forward …to write a better song , to record your own version of this song , to perhaps write different music for these words , or produce a hip - hop or rap version , country , blues , or whatever .
But — let ART do its part in telling Jonathan ’s story .
How can we sit by and not say something about Jonathan Magbie to others ?
The pain and tragedy of this story is so deep , what else but music could express it ?
Can you help ?
Send NORML your recording of “ The Ballad of Jonathan Magbie ” .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Omar al - Bashir says the charges reflect Western hostility towards Sudan The International Criminal Court has issued an arrest warrant for Sudan 's president on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur .
But the ICC in The Hague stopped short of accusing Omar al - Bashir of genocide .
He denies the charges and has dismissed any ruling by the court as worthless .
Thousands of protesters took to the streets of the capital , Khartoum , after the announcement , amid fears of unrest .
The UN estimates 300,000 people have died in Darfur 's six - year conflict .
Millions more have been displaced .
Court spokeswoman Laurence Blairon announced the ruling by a panel of judges on the charges presented by ICC prosecutors .
She said Mr Bashir was suspected of being criminally responsible for " intentionally directing attacks against an important part of the civilian population of Darfur , Sudan , murdering , exterminating , raping , torturing and forcibly transferring large numbers of civilians and pillaging their property " .
This decision is exactly what we have been expecting from the court , which was created to target Sudan
Mustafa Othman Ismail
Aide to Omar al - Bashir
Profile : Sudan's Omar al - Bashir Should Omar al - Bashir be arrested ?
Q&A : International Criminal Court World reaction : Bashir warrant Ms Blairon said the violence in Darfur was the result of a common plan organised at the highest level of the Sudanese government , but there was no evidence of genocide .
The court would transmit a request for Mr Bashir 's arrest and surrender as soon as possible to the Sudanese government , she added .
It is the first warrant issued by The Hague - based UN court against a sitting head of state .
ICC prosecutor Luis Moreno - Ocampo made the request for the warrant in July 2008 .
' Toothless '
Reacting to the charges , an aide to Mr Bashir said the ICC judges were biased .
" This decision is exactly what we have been expecting from the court , which was created to target Sudan and to be part of the new mechanism of neo-colonialism , " Mustafa Othman Ismail told Sudanese TV .
ICC's BASHIR CHARGE SHEET
War crimes : Intentionally directing attacks against civilians Pillaging Crimes against humanity : Murder Extermination Forcible transfer Torture Rape
Confessions of a Sudanese deserter Q&A : Sudan 's Darfur conflict Mixed hopes for Sudan peace ICC indictment Speaking on Tuesday ahead of the announcement , Mr Bashir said the Hague tribunal could " eat " the arrest warrant .
He said it would " not be worth the ink it is written on " and then danced for thousands of cheering supporters who burned an effigy of the ICC chief prosecutor .
Sudan expert Alex de Waal told the BBC the indictment is " pretty toothless " as the ICC does not have a police force .
In Khartoum thousands of government supporters gathered , chanting " We love you President Bashir " .
Security was increased at many embassies , and some Westerners stayed home amid fears of retaliation .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon urged Sudan to " co-operate fully " with all United Nations entities .
He said the UN would " continue to conduct its vital peacekeeping , humanitarian , human rights and development operations and activities in Sudan " .
African and Arab countries have warned that the court 's action will only increase tension in Sudan .
Egypt said it was " greatly disturbed " by the ICC 's decision and called for a meeting of the UN Security Council to defer implementation of the warrant .
Sudan 's foreign ministry said President Bashir would ignore it and attend an Arab summit scheduled later this month in Qatar .
Aid workers withdrawn Russia called the warrant a " dangerous precedent " .
Darfur 's Justice and Equality Movement ( JEM ) rebel group hailed the decision as a " victory for international law " and called on Mr Bashir to turn himself in .
In pictures : Art of war The US administration also welcomed it , as did international human - rights groups .
" With this arrest warrant , the International Criminal Court has made Omar al - Bashir a wanted man , " said Richard Dicker of the New York - based group Human Rights Watch .
Amnesty International called on any country visited by President Bashir to detain him .
Sudan expelled at least six foreign aid agencies hours after the arrest warrant was issued , aid officials said .
No reasons were given for the move .
Before the announcement , the charity Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) said it had withdrawn foreign staff from Darfur .
The war crimes court has already issued two arrest warrants - in 2007 - for Sudanese Humanitarian Affairs Minister Ahmed Haroun and the Janjaweed militia leader Ali Abdul Rahman .
Sudan has refused to hand them over .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Holy Mavericks : Evangelical Innovators and the Spiritual Marketplace
Shayne Lee and Phillip Luke Sinitiere
( NYU Press , 2009 )
Watch This !:
The Ethics and Aesthetics of Black Televangelism
Jonathan Walton
( NYU Press , 2009 )
In a moment in which celebrity preachers are viewed either as charlatans or saints , two new books explore , in very different ways , how modern American evangelicalism is responding to a mass consumerist , globalized , post - civil rights - era culture .
The first , Holy Mavericks : Evangelical Innovators and the Spiritual Marketplace , by Tulane University sociologist Shayne Lee and historian Phillip Luke Sinitiere , is a primer on five prominent evangelicals : Joel Osteen , T.D. Jakes , Paula White , Brian McLaren , and Rick Warren .
By design , Holy Mavericks examines these figures through the prism of their marketing , whether through megachurch , television , or other media .
Although McLaren , the emergent church leader , and Warren , the Purpose Driven mogul , do not use televangelism as the other three do , there ’s little question that marketing , particularly via the Web rather than the printing press — and via plane rather than donkey — have come to define their evangelism .
McLaren ’s church has no building and no walls , but Warren ’s puts the mega in church .
Everything is outsized ; one of Jakes ’ successful festivals was called “ MegaFest . ”
McLaren is a bit of the odd man out here , as a leading figure in the freewheeling , text - questioning emergent church movement , rather than the self - actualization / successful living theology that drives the ministries of the other four .
All the ministries profiled here are “ seeker - sensitive ” — meaning that they aim to draw in new believers from skeptics , rather than preaching to the choir , a phenomenon that irks their critics .
For the authors , this is what makes them attractive to bored , discontented , or disconsolate consumers — and therein lies their commercial success .
Many readers familiar with the Senate Finance Committee ’s investigation of White ’s alleged misuse of ministry funds for personal use , the controversy over President Barack Obama ’s selection of Warren to give the invocation at his inaugural ceremony , or who see Jakes and Osteen as power - of - positive - thinking con artists , are not the target audience for this book .
At the outset , Lee and Sinitiere explicitly dismiss critics of the religious right and of proof - texting - for - positive - living as missing the story behind why these evangelists are so wildly popular .
“ Analysts ’ grinding focus on narrow , destructive dimensions of evangelicalism may , ironically , unveil a limited understanding of the movement resulting in oversimplified conflations that often obscure more than they reveal , ” they write in their introduction .
Their aim , they contend , is to demonstrate how evangelicalism retains its vitality through the eyes of the “ mavericks ’ ” followers .
As intriguing as the profiles are , in the end these mini- biographies are too one - sided .
Holy Mavericks draws a bit on Lee ’s excellent first book , T.D. Jakes : America ’s New Preacher , which remains the essential account of Jakes ’ rise to stardom , but it could have used more of the same sort of reporting and analysis Lee did there .
In framing each biography , Lee and Sinitiere rely too uncritically on each subject ’s autobiography rather than including , as Lee did in his book on Jakes , the views of contemporaries , colleagues , and critics .
The reader is expected to accept , for example , that Paula White is a spokeswoman for exploding beauty myths while it is plain that she is obsessed with her own appearance , and has had plastic surgery .
Or that inconsistencies between Jakes ’ lavish lifestyle and his denunciations of the prosperity gospel are nothing more than an evolution of his thinking , rather than yet another repositioning in the preacher ’s opportunistic marketing plan .
Still , the profiles do tell us a lot about how the evangelists have successfully marketed their personal narratives and ideology to their consumers .
The second book , Watch This : The Ethics and Aesthetics of Black Televangelism , by University of California - Riverside religion professor ( and Religion Dispatches contributing editor ) Jonathan L. Walton , traverses some of the same territory as Holy Mavericks , zeroing in on the specific contribution to the evolution of African - American religion by Jakes , as well as megachurch televangelists Eddie Long and Creflo Dollar .
Walton ’s particular interest , which he plumbs with extraordinary historical , theological , and sociological insight , is what these paragons of three different strands of the contemporary black church mean for the present and future of African - American religion .
His purpose is not strictly theological , although he explains quite well the three strands he categorizes as neo-Pentecostalism ( Jakes ) , charismatic mainline ( Long ) , and Word of Faith ( Dollar ) .
While I have a few quibbles about where I understand these figures to be in a proverbial Venn diagram of contemporary televangelism ( as there is some theological crossover , as Walton admits ) his categories prove valuable for understanding how each preacher developed his own brand , and his own following .
Watch This ’ greatest virtue ( and it has many ) is Walton ’s exploration of how the theology and methodology of these televangelists fits with their historical antecedents in African American religion and evangelicalism , and what their ministries mean for the future spiritual , economic , and political lives of their adherents .
He includes a fascinating history of black televangelism , particularly his interviews with early pioneer Rev. Frederick J. Eikerenkoetter II ( “ Rev. Ike ” ) , who in a candid moment admits to Walton , “ it ’s a wonder I did n’t kill anybody ” with his notorious faith healings .
Walton further situates his subjects ’ rise in the growth of the Word of Faith movement and its further development by Oral Roberts , who was a mentor to the 1980s phenomenon Carlton Pearson ( who “ discovered ” Jakes , as Shayne Lee chronicled in his first book ) .
Roberts also mentored Word of Faith powerhouse Kenneth Copeland , a benefactor to Dollar , who refers to himself as Copeland ’s “ black son . ”
Walton devotes a chapter to each one of his subjects , and these , like in Holy Mavericks , are largely sympathetically - drawn portraits of how each man appeals to his admirers .
Only later , in the strongest last two chapters , does Walton train his laser clarity on the problems with both these ministries ’ theology and methodology — or as he calls it , their aesthetics and ethics .
Here , Walton lays bare some glaring shortfalls revolving around gender , race , injustice , and the divide between the “ priestly ” and the “ prophetic . ”
Walton skillfully demonstrates how his subjects have benefitted from promoting the ideas that spiritual righteousness leads to prosperity , that blacks should avoid portraying themselves as victims of racism , and that God wants obedient , patriarchal churches and families : all formulations that can be traced to post -Reconstruction black churches .
He argues that these myths undermine rather than lift up their followers , leading them to believe , for example , that being right with God can overcome the structural racial or economic inequality these preachers pretend does not exist .
Particularly with regard to Jakes , who boasts the most politically - connected , mainstream reputation of the three , Walton shows how even though he does n’t promote the complementarian ideology that Long and Dollar do , he still “ fetishizes ” “ hyper- femininity , ” and portrays women — who comprise some of his most devoted followers — as needing paternalistic protection .
In the end , all three come under the fire of Walton ’s pen for their failure to preach prophetically , and instead emphasizing their “ priestly ” role .
“ They do indeed inspire , ” he concedes in the closing pages he aptly titles Benediction .
“ But the price of inspiration is a lie … their fairy - tale understanding of American society is woefully inadequate for those who need more than simplistic homiletic formulations to confront the complexity of their existential circumstances . ”
[ digg-reddit-me ]
One thing many Republicans today do not seem to understand is that the free market is not a natural phenomon .
The free market exists not in spite of the government , but because of government .
Reading this white paper by a broadband front group ( pdf ) which purports to described the “ ideology behind net neutrality ” which it dubs neutralism and connects it to a lack of respect for private property and an undermining of capitalism , the above sentiment was driven home .
As they described the “ private property ” rights that net neutrality would undermine or take away , it seemed clear to me that they had a fundamental misunderstanding of capitalism – and upon reflection , this fundamental misunderstanding of capitalism seems to have animated a great deal of the perversion of the free market that Republicans have promoted for the past thirty years .
The impression one gets from the quasi-libertarian Republican rhetoric of the past two decades is that “ government is the problem – not the solution ” – and that the free market is the solution .
The government and the market are understood to be fundamentally at odds – and so , Republicans have supported a government retreat from any interference in markets .
They are in favor of a relaxation of regulations in various areas including from financial industry to the environmental impact of industry ; they favor a government that provides as few services as possible – from wanting Social Security privatized to opposing government interference in the health care industry ; they want government to allow more mergers and avoid breaking up large companies ; they want to reduce taxation ; they do not want government to interfere to help labor unions ; they oppose rules limiting media ownership ; they oppose any laws or regulations enforcing net neutrality .
In short , the Republicans oppose virtually any government “ interference ” in the free market – and where they cannot plausibly roll back government programs and regulations , they seek to undermine them and to reduce them .
This point of view is often described and justified as a defense of capitalism and free markets – but it truly is an assault on our system of capitalism and free markets in favor of corporate interests .
One of the chief roles of the government is the creation of a free market – and many , though not all , of the regulations , programs , and services of the government are designed with this in mind .
Sometimes these government interventions do more harm than good – wage and price controls during the New Deal , for example .
But the Republican assault on government has not been confined to attacking these harmful programs , but to attacking the role of the government itself .
Many Republicans these days are calling Democratic efforts “ socialism , ” “ Communism , ” and “ Marxism ” – but in reality the Democratic Party has mainly been trying to defend the American economic system which has been under assault since the second of the twin revolutions of late 20th century America .
( First was the sexual / cultural revolution of the 1960s that overturned the social and cultural mores ; then came the counterrevolution which masked the financial revolution of the 1980s which overturned political and economic values . )
They use these broad brushes to attack the very concept that the government has a proper role in a free market – rather than to merely disagree about the effectiveness of certain measures .
The lie to this rhetoric is demonstrated by those limited instances in which Republicans have encouraged government involvement in the marketplace – to extend copyright far beyond its initial scope ; to offer tax cuts to favored corporations ; to have an extremely large military development budget , etcetera .
Each of this policies follows what George Will described as “ the supreme law of the land … the principle of concentrated benefits and dispersed costs . ”
In other words , each of these benefits big corporations rather than helping to maintain a free market .
A society creates a government to establish a process for making and enforcing group decisions .
One group decision is to maintain a free market .
A free market is not what happens when a government does n’t interfere – if it was , then the lawless nation of Somalia would have the freest market on earth .
Instead , a free market is a nurtured thing , created and shaped by government and society .
The creation of a free marketplace in America meant investing in infrastructure and roads to allow for easy transport of goods and people ; it meant the regulation of large corporations to ensure they did not become monopolies ; it meant creating an independent judiciary to ensure that business disputes could be legitimately settled ; it meant a relatively open and transparent government ; it meant regulations concerning consumer safety and protection and environmental impact ; it meant regulations regarding the stability of the economic system ; it meant providing for the basic needs of citizens , especially the elderly , the disabled , and the young ; it meant preventing the concentration of too much power ; it meant protecting certain rights for minorities and individuals ; and more .
Today , it means protecting net neutrality .
Net neutrality is one of the foundational principles of the internet – and as such must be a principle protected by the government .
Imagine how our economy would have changed if there were fees required to travel along any roads – fees which could be waived if you were traveling to certain stores .
It would reinforce the dominance of large corporations and serve to continue to concentrate power .
Imagine if I would have to pay a fee to travel to my local hardware store , but could go for free if I went to Home Depot .
Broadband industry advocates insist that not only should consumers pay broadband companies for access to the “ roads ” , but that websites should also have to pay broadband companies to get their potential viewers there .
They propose to undermine and limit the decentralized market that is the internet to favor big companies .
It is government ’s proper role to protect this market – to enforce the rules that have made it such an effective and innovative force .
The internet has spurred so much innovation because it is a free marketplace .
Large corporate interests seek to control and limit this innovation – to ensure their power and profits are not threatened .
The Republican party now seems to be going along with these interests .
But they should not be allowed to do so under the pretense of protecting “ private property ” and “ free markets . ”
In reality , their efforts to stop net neutrality are yet another assault on the freedom of the marketplace , another attempt to undermine the American economic system .
Like Loading ...
Group wants chemical - filled farmland retired
The giant state and federal pumps in the Sacramento - San Joaquin Delta that funnel water to 25 million Californians should be shut down until certain Central Valley farmers retire hundreds of thousands of acres of chemical - laden farmland , according to a lawsuit filed today by a state water watchdog .
Irrigating agricultural land in the western San Joaquin Valley tainted with selenium , mercury , boron and other toxic substances constitutes an unreasonable use of a public resource protected by state laws and has contributed to the sharp decline of endangered fish species , said the California Water Impact Network .
" We think there is a simple solution to California 's water problems - to retire all of the drainage - impaired lands in the Central Valley .
A second is water conservation - agriculture uses 80 percent of the developed surface water , " said Carolee Krieger , president and founder C - WIN .
The lawsuit marks the latest twist in the continuing Delta drama .
The hub of the state 's 1,300 - square - mile water system is also at the heart of the fight between uses for food and human needs , and those of wildlife and rare plants .
In recent years , failure of the ecosystem forced legal rulings that curbed water exports - a move made more complicated this year by a drought and fears of another dry winter .
In the 27 - page lawsuit filed in superior court in Sacramento , C - Win , the California Sportfishing Protection Alliance and an individual , Felix Smith , lays much of the blame for the system 's problem on water over - allocation .
One culprit , the lawsuit said , is the State Water Resources Control Board , which issues all water permits in the state .
Also named were the state Department of Water Resources and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation , the two operators of the huge pumps and pipelines that send water , mainly from the north , to water users throughout California .
Although turning off the pumps would impact residential , industrial and agricultural users , plaintiffs in the case , as well as environmental and other groups contend that recent , increased pumping by the state and federal agencies through the Delta has killed millions of protected and endangered fish species , including the Delta smelt .
Much of the water has gone to watering cropland laden with chemicals that filter into the San Joaquin River and back to the southern Delta .
Poor regulation decried
" California has regulated its waters like the feds have regulated Wall Street and the result has been a collapse of fisheries and aquatic ecosystems , " said California Sportfishing Protection Alliance Chairman and Director Bill Jennings .
" We have little alternative but to turn to the courts to prevent the extinction of our historic fisheries . "
Officials at the state Department of Water Resources , the Water Control Resources Board and the Bureau of Reclamation could not be reached for comment .
A spokeswoman for the largest irrigation district in the country , located around Fresno , called the lawsuit " disappointing . "
To date , about 100,000 agricultural acres have been taken out of production due to poor drainage and chemical saturation , said Sarah Woolf , of the Westlands Water District , which serves 600,000 acres and about 700 farms .
Working with state
At the same time , the agency has been working with state and federal legislators over the past 25 years to craft a deal that would fix the drainage problems with funds from the water district and landowners .
Westlands estimates there are about 100,000 more acres of contaminated acres with poor drainage ; Krieger put the number at closer to 1 million acres .
" We 're moving forward and being aggressive about it , " Woolf said .
" But really it 's the environmental community that 's holding it up . "
Last year , in an effort to curb the fish population decline , a federal judge ordered reduced Delta pumping - a move that critics like Westlands claim has not helped boost the smelt or other fish species .
" In the last year we had the biggest cutbacks in pumping in the history of the entire system , " Woolf said .
" Six hundred acre feet were dedicated to helping fish , and the numbers of the Delta smelt are still down . "
But Krieger , of C - WIN , said the rapid die - off of the Delta smelt adds more urgency to fixing the ecosystem .
" You ca n't interrupt the food chain without having dire consequences , " she said .
" It 's not just a little fish .
It 's the bellwether of the Delta . "
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
I do n't know a thing about porridge .
Do n't care for oatmeal , farina , or grits either .
But , I 'll dig into a good metaphor , and with the mushy , soft , sweet mess that is a development team , I have to drool at this one .
Let 's just go out on a limb here : 1 is too few , 20 is too many .
There is a sweet spot for the size of a development team , and it 's somewhere in this range -- the mythical third bowl of porridge .
I only say " 1 is too few " because , for me , it is !
I can't do it alone , and when I try the end result is unsatisfactory .
I 'd like to do it alone , really .
Social anxiety and ego would lead me in that direction , but a genuine desire to make good products is far more compelling .
Obviously I can't speak for everyone because some folks can do it all .
There are artist / programmer / executive / marketing chimeras but I will stay out on the limb and posit that they are so rare as to be effectively non-existent .
Furthermore , a case can be made that everyone benefits from collaboration .
I wo n't make it here , but it could be made .
So why is 20 too many ?
This opinion is based on the idea that a certain number of adults can manage themselves as equals and as a team , and accomplish the seemingly impossible .
At some scale however , as a manager , I have found that a flat organization falls , well ... flat .
At that point some form of leadership team and hierarchy becomes needed to perform daily functions , conduct employee reviews , set goals and divide / schedule the work .
This is usually when life starts sucking .
When " people " become " resources " a team becomes a factory .
I do n't speak to this from ignorance .
I 've worked in big entertainment factories of more than 3,000 and in tiny teams of 3 .
A huge team of resources can get a lot done , to be sure .
I see the amount of internal friction , need for communication , and sheer number of meetings that go along with large teams , however , saps the process of any real vitality .
On the other hand , 2 or 3 people really have a hard time putting out enough volume to self - sustain .
From my perspective , the ideal working team is in the 6 - 12 member range .
I have witnessed small teams of this size pull off miracles of productivity and creativity .
My intention is not to come from an " industry " or " indie " point of view , but simply to reflect on what works best for human beings , creativity , and great product .
In fact , I 'd love to hear ideas on how to make the Third Bowl scenario scale well to larger organizations if anyone has some perspective .
Enough talk , now I 'm hungry !
What 's for breakfast ?
Easy Ruby cronjobs with daemon - kit 28 April 2009
I started conceptualizing and playing with a pet project called daemon - kit earlier this year , with the aim to ultimately be the preferred way of assembling daemon processes written in Ruby .
Today I took the opportunity to add two more generators to daemon - kit , as well as fix some small annoying issues .
The first generator is a ‘ cron ’ generator , which I ’ll cover in this article .
The second is an AMQP consumer , that my day job requires .
Running cron-style daemon processes seems to be a common need in the Ruby world , and my first ever daemon process was a cron-style implementation using the remarkable rufus - scheduler gem by John Mettraux .
The second , an SQS client .
Writing Ruby daemon processes is quick and simple , but getting to know the ins and outs of these hidden beasts can be quit a nightmare .
As of late I ’ve been threatening in #ruote that daemon - kit will sport a ‘ cron ’ style generator when I get the time .
Today I made time , and you can now get a simple cron daemon up and running in minutes , heres how :
1 . Get daemon - kit & co
$ sudo gem install kennethkalmer - daemon - kit $ sudo gem install rufus - scheduler
rufus - scheduler is not a direct dependency of daemon - kit , but required by the daemons generated using the cron generator .
2. Generate a stub daemon
$ daemon_kit mycrond - i cron
This creates a project layout in a directory named ‘ mycrond ‘ .
You can populate the lib folder with your custom code .
What matters though is that your generated ‘ cron ’ daemon lives in libexec / mycrond.rb .
3. Profit
Open up libexec / mycrond.rb to reveal a fully functional cron-style daemon , complete with sample 1 minute task .
Behind the scenes
All of daemon - kit is basically two things : abstracting daemonizing routines and environment configurations , and wrapping supporting libraries in thin wrapper classes for easing their use inside daemon processes .
The cron wrapper class is extremely thin , in part due to the excellent implementation of the rufus - scheduler gem .
As with all projects , I cannot imagine every possible use for the gem and rely on feedback from the community .
If you are going to attempt using ActiveRecord inside the cron daemon , beware that you might have to juggle some balls with ActiveRecord and threads .
Please report these issues on the github tracker and I ’ll attempt to find solutions for you .
I highly recommend using ActiveRecord 2.3.2 or later to benefit from the connection pooling and thread safety improvements .
03.03.2015 · Hallo Leute , wollte mal rumfragen ob noch ein paar Leute ihre Konsole mit einer SSD aufgewertet haben ?
Ich bin letzten Dezember von der ...
John Cleese has been complaining about the quality of sound in the cinema .
And , in a way , I can see where he is coming from .
I , too , have had the same experience : you go into the cinema , you sit down , and you find you can't hear what people are saying .
Or , at the very least , you can't hear every single word they 're saying .
These days , people mumble in films .
And sometimes they speak in accents or dialects you can't quite make out .
And sometimes you can't get every word because there 's music in the background , or traffic noise , or explosions .
Now , this annoys Cleese a lot .
" No older person goes any more , " he complains .
Part of the reason for the problem , he says , is that " your hearing starts to go in your early 30s , and it 's hard to pick out the voices from the ambient sound . "
Another problem is that " when they mix movies now , they forget the audiences have not heard the dialogue .
They 've all heard the dialogue hundreds of times and take it for granted . "
So what 's really going on here ?
Cleese is definitely right about not being able to hear what people are saying .
But this is not just because of slackness on the part of sound engineers .
It 's a reflection of the status of words in our culture .
When films were first made with sound , not much less than a century ago , words were a prized commodity .
Looking at these films now , it sometimes seems as if the actors are over - pronouncing their dialogue .
The words seem almost too clear , which makes the stories seem less real ; they look more like plays than films .
The first film I had trouble with , dialogue - wise , was The Deer Hunter .
Remember the long wedding sequence which takes up roughly the first third of the movie ?
You can't hear all the dialogue , can you ?
And the point is : this is deliberate - you 're not supposed to hear everything .
You 're supposed to look , and listen , and glean what you can as if you were a guest at the wedding yourself .
Of course , this is part of a pattern .
Some critics have said that , with the invention of the Steadicam , cinema moved from the drawing room to the street .
And there were all sorts of repercussions - faces got more normal - looking , dialogue was sometimes fuzzy and background noise had to be accounted for .
Films are getting less and less like plays every day .
So there you have it .
Cleese is right .
Dialogue is getting harder to hear .
Movies sound less like Olivier 's Henry V - and more like The Wire .
Of course , now we have the technology to watch movies over and over again , not hearing everything the first time might be less of a problem .
The point is that having blurred dialogue is often a deliberate policy on the part of the film - makers .
I sympathise with Cleese .
But , for good or ill , our movies reflect a new , more mumbling world .
Still , I can see a great opportunity here .
Think of it - old - fashioned films with clear , crisp diction .
Cleese 's words suggest there would be a large audience for it .
Definition and Examples of Arbitrage Trading
Arbitrage , or true arbitrage , involves buying and selling a security and taking advantage of prices differences that may exists on different markets .
While rare , this does happen from time to time .
For example , suppose you find on eBay that someone is selling a brand new iPod for $ 150 while the local store is buying the same iPods for $ 170 .
In theory , you can buy all the iPods available on eBay and sell them all to the local store , pocketing $ 20 per music player .
Taking advantage of this price inequality is the essence of true arbitrage .
In the old days when computers were n’t as sophisticated , humans can spot these price inequalities in financial markets and take advantage of them .
However , complex programs nowadays are able to spot these so quickly that it is extremely difficult to truly take advantage of this type of risk less arbitrage without developing complex trading programs yourself .
Risk Arbitrage
The good news is that with some added risk , everyone can still profit from what ’s known as risk arbitrage .
The major difference between true and risk arbitrage is that you are trading a different security in the latter .
The risk comes in because while the two securities in question might be related , they are different and the relationship can change at any point in time .
Another less obvious difference between the two types of arbitrages is that while true ( or pure as it is sometimes called ) arbitrage takes place instantly ( you buy and immediately sell it ) , risk arbitrage can take days ( if not weeks or even months ) .
This added time lapse is never good , because as time goes on , there are more risk for the dynamics of the relationship to change .
Examples of Risk Arbitrage
Merger and Acquisition Arbitrage –
The most common type of risk abitrage is the price inequalities that is created when a merger or acquistion is announced .
Typically when this happens , the acquiring company ’s stock price usually drops in case the deal does n’t go through , while the stock price of the company being acquired shoots up close to the offered price ( usually at a siginificant premium to the current traded price ) .
It is interesting to note ( and the key to profiting from it ) that while the stock price of the acquired company rises , it will never reach the full offered price because there is always a risk of the deal not happening .
Therefore , we can take advantage of this by buying stock of the acquired company and as the deal becomes more likely , the stock will rise .
Interest Rate Arbitrage –
When you are able to borrow at a short term lower interest rate and invest with higher interest rates long term , you are practicing arbitrage .
Most people are n’t able to take advantage of this because these types of arbitrate most exists in inter-country rates .
For example , many people for years have been taking advantage of the low interest rates in Japan loans to invest in the stock market .
Futures Contracts and Derivatives Arbitrage – Another common type of artibrage exists with options and all other derivatives related to the underlying stock price .
While these should all be in sync with the actual stock price , they often do not due to the supply and demand nature of all these investments trading in the open market .
Therefore , there are many opportunities for us to profit if we can spot the dynamics of the relationships .
Funds Arbitrage – Since mutual funds and ETFs all buy and sell assets and at the same time have a value , there are opportunities for arbitrages .
For example , let ’s say that you were able to find a mutual fund and ETF with the exact same portfolio .
In theory , their price relationship should stay constant at all times .
However , as ETFs are traded on the open market and mutual funds are not , there could be times that enough of a price inequality exists for you to profit .
Of course , it is pretty much impossible to find a mutual fund and ETF that has the exact same portfolio , but people are able to profit when more complex models are used as long as the relationship of the two funds are correlated and predictable .
As long as a pricing relationship exists and are correlated , it can be a form of risk arbitrage .
Therefore , there are in theory unlimited number of arbitrages to profit from .
The key is to be absolute certian that you understand the sometimes complex correlation .
What Does Arbitrage Trading Mean for Us
While it often seems like a great opportunity to profit without much risk , arbitrage is considered a more advanced form of investing and should only be considered if you understand exactly what the risks are .
More often than not , investors underestimate the risks involved and is caught off guard when results do n’t happen the way it was intended .
To be able to consistently profit from arbitrage , having a deep understanding of the securities and pricing relationships involved is key .
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
By Evan Ackerman
With all of the nuclear power plants in the US pushing 25 years old or more , the obvious solution to keep them from disintegrating into piles of radioactive dust is duct tape .
But not just any duct tape : 3 M ’s Performance Plus Nuclear Grade Duct Tape .
It does n’t appear to be particularly radiation resistant , but it does feature clean removal indoors and outdoors after up to 6 months .
It ’s waterproof and you can write on it , but most notably it works at temperatures up to 200 °F , which was always the achilles heel of duct tape and the reason why it ’s so bad at taping ducts .
You can find 3M Nuclear Grade Duct Tape in slate blue or red on Amazon for about $ 14 a roll .
[ 3M ] VIA [ Toolmonger ]
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Local realism is something we live with every day , even if we do n’t realize it .
The principle of local realism combines two assumptions : locality and realism .
Locality says that distant objects cannot directly and instantaneously influence each other ( since nothing can travel faster than the speed of light ) .
Realism says that the things we measure and sense are indeed really there apart from our measurements , and it ’s not just our measurements that make them exist .
While the principle of local realism is intuitive in our everyday classical world , physicists going back to Einstein ’s time have known that local realism can be violated in quantum physics .
Experimentally , physicists can confirm that a quantum system has violated local realism ( violating either locality or realism ) by demonstrating the violation of Bell ’s inequality , which serves as a test of local realism .
But while scientists have experimentally observed the failure of local realism in laboratories , no one has ever observed any non-local or non-realistic system on the macroscopic scale .
Physicists have usually attributed this fact to decoherence : when quantum systems become macroscopic , they unavoidable interact with their environment , causing them to rapidly lose their quantum features .
More recently , physicists Johannes Kofler and Caslav Brukner at the University of Vienna in Austria have suggested an alternative view : that the classical world emerges from the quantum world because our measurements of classical systems are too fuzzy , or coarse - grained , to detect quantum features of nature .
Now , a team of scientists consisting of Hyunseok Jeong of Seoul National University in Korea , Mauro Paternostro of The Queen ’s University in the UK , and Timothy C. Ralph of the University of Queensland in Australia have investigated this issue further .
But in stark contrast with the conclusions reached by Kofler and Brukner , the new analysis shows that , even when making only coarse - grained measurements , observers can still perceive an evident failure of local realism on the macroscopic scale , as shown by violating Bell ’s inequality .
Until now , no one has shown that extremely unsharp measurements in the macroscopic limit can be used to reveal the failure of local realism .
“ We showed that failure of local realism can in principle be observed even when measurements are performed on a macroscopic scale , ” Jeong told PhysOrg.com .
“ The ‘ extremely coarse - grained measurements ’ can be understood as measurements on the macroscopic scale .
So , the greatest significance of our results is probably that the fuzziness of measurements cannot properly explain the appearance of the classical world on the macroscopic scale . ”
Instead , Jeong thinks that decoherence is still the most likely explanation for why it is difficult to observe quantum properties , such as failure of local realism , in the macroscopic world .
In the scientists ’ proposal , they used two thermal states macroscopically distinguishable but quantum mechanically entangled , sending each to a distant observer .
Each observer then performed a homodyne measurement on their thermal state to determine the location of the thermal state .
The physicists found that Bell ’s inequality could be violated nearly up to the upper limit even when using the coarse - grained homodyne measurements .
“ In general , it is relatively easier to make measurements more coarse - grained , while it is nontrivial to make measurements sharp enough to demonstrate strong quantum effects , ” Jeong explained .
“ In our proposal , part of signal to be measured is lost by a beam splitter before an ideal detector so that the resolution of the measurement becomes low . ”
As the scientists explained , the failure of local realism means that at least one part of local realism - locality or realism - has been violated .
To try to figure out if one or both parts failed when observed with coarse - grained measurements , the physicists compared their results with a test of realism called Leggett ’s inequality .
The results passed this test , implying that realism had not been violated in their proposed measurement method , and that only locality had failed .
As the first theoretical demonstration that coarse - grained measurements can be used to observe the failure of local realism , this study could help physicists learn more about the nature of the boundary between the quantum and classical worlds .
Jeong , Paternostro , and Ralph predict that it should be possible to test their proposal with small - scale experiments in the future .
More information : Jeong , Hyunseok ( h.jeong37 [ at ] gmail.com ) ; Paternostro , Mauro ; and Ralph , Timothy C. “ Failure of Local Realism Revealed by Extremely - Coarse - Grained Measurements . ” Physical Review Letters 102 , 060403 ( 2009 ) .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further A question of quantum reality
Feature trailer for Star Trek .
From director J.J. Abrams and screenwriters Roberto Orci & Alex Kurtzman comes a new vision of the greatest space adventure of all time , Star Trek , featuring a young , new crew venturing boldly where no man has gone before .
To blow or drag ?
Funny alcotest
Old boozer in Serbia does not know to use alcotest .
Very funny .
Look at police reaction 🙂
Anthony Barnett ( London , OK ) :
We are now witnessing the end game .
The idea that it will last another year is too excruciating .
Just watch this video of Brown !
Rarely can a disease have presented itself so unconvincingly as the cure .
And this is a speech that should be made to parliament not to video - its existence is itself a constitutional catastrophe .
But Parliament is now thoroughly broken and wo n't speak out against it .
See today 's column by Iain Martin in the Telegraph and the comments .
As Peter Oborne wrote in a powerful guest column in the Observer ( declaration of interest , he quotes me but this is not an incestuous point )
Brown made it his calling card when he became Prime Minister to deal with the corruption of the political process .
He understood it in a way that Blair did n't .
Perhaps that is an added reason why this vid is so hideous to watch , Brown lacks Blair 's artless capacity to believe in his own bad faith .
And he laments that young people do n't want to enter parliament when a 22 year old is being shoe - horned into a safe seat .
After ballot boxes were tampered with and the selection halted Georgia Gould , daughter of the famous Lord , said , " We saw these tactics in the old days in the Labour Party from people who thought they could prevent change just because they do n't like the outcome " .
The arrogance , to present herself as " change " when she is the pure product of a clientalist continuity .
And she has not even had the grace to take a year or two in a think tank .
Change in these circumstances would be replacing a electoral college of 279 local party members with an open primary .
For a close up of what this is doing to the Labour Party read Susan Press in Grimmerupnorth on her experience in Calder Valley and the Mahon affair ; " I cannot , in truth , blame her for being sick of the stitch - ups , the smears , and the tactics of those whose arrogance sickens ordinary Labour Party members " .
Those behind the open source Internet video player Miro have launched a new adoption system !
No , you wo n't be adopting babies or kittens , or even polar bears in Antarctica — instead , users can " adopt " a line of source code from Miro for $ 4 in order to help support the continued development of the software .
Miro ( originally Democracy Player ) was relaunched by the Participatory Culture Foundation ( PCF ) in 2007 .
PCF is a nonprofit organization that functions via donations in order to pay programmers to develop the software for Mac , Windows , Ubuntu , and other Linux distros .
PCF recently released Miro 2.0 with some UI improvements , support for more Web - based video sources , and direct download improvements .
Because Miro is funded solely by donations , however , the recent economic slowdown has directly affected its progress .
" We 're a small nonprofit in a sea of big budget , for - profit competitors , and the recent stock market crash has severely hurt the foundations that fund the bulk of our work , " reads the letter on Miro 's code adoption page .
" We are n't here to make money , we 're here for a mission : to distribute wonderful video around the world in a system that 's more open and decentralized than ever before .
To do that , we need you to help us care for a little tiny piece of Miro . "
Here 's where the adoption program goes far beyond the efforts of other open source projects .
Those who " adopt " one of Miro 's thousands of lines of code will be able to see its unique name and face — yes , just like when you " adopt " a wild animal or impoverished child on the other side of the world — and show it to the world via blog widget .
Additionally , adoptive parents will get their names published inside the source code itself and receive a credit in the about box of every copy of Miro .
Here 's mine :
Apparently , you can watch your adoptee " grow up " as that particular code continues along its development path .
You have to admit , too , that the whole shebang is kind of cute .
Fender 's EVH Wolfgang Guitar by Eddie Van Halen
Eddie Van Halen plays Fender 's EVH
Wolfgang guitar
Legendary guitaristhas designed a new guitar for Fender .
The Wolfgang , named for Van Halen 's son , has created quite a buzz since it debuted at the NAAM Show in Anaheim , CA on January 15 .
The EVH Wolfgang features stainless steel frets , metal gadgets custom - made by a company that specializes in medical tools , and sections of wood that are left unpainted so the instrument can breathe and age -- " like a Stradivarius . "
The 54 - year - old rock star road tested the guitar during the highly successful Van Halen 2007 - 2008 tour .
Check out the video below for more information about Van Halen 's Wolfgang guitar .
" Programmes like Dispatches have an important role to play in drawing to the attention of the public matters of concern whether these are in hospitals , within the police force or in schools .
I find it beyond comprehension that the GTC can spend three years investigating me when they should be looking on their own doorstep .
Former Countrywide executives cash in on federal housing bailout Jeremy Gantz
Published : Tuesday March 3 , 2009
Print This Email This After overseeing a company at the very center of the still - imploding U.S. mortgage market , a dozen former executives are now poised to make millions from the housing crisis .
Stanford L. Kurland , the former president of Countrywide Financial the bank that has become most synonymous with the bad mortgage lending practices that eventually caused the housing market to burst , setting into motion the current financial crisis and colleagues from the defunct firm now run PennyMac .
The company , headquartered in the same Los Angeles suburb where Countrywide was managed before it was sold to Bank of America last summer , specializes in buying up bad home mortgages that the U.S. government took over from other failed banks , the New York Times reported Tuesday .
PennnyMac has been buying up some of those mortgages for just a fraction of their value , and they keep a portion of whatever money they collect from the mortgage holder .
PennyMac 's business has been " off - the - charts good , said John Lawrence , the companys head of loan servicing , the Times reported .
Although the company is reportedly helping many financially troubled homeowners by slashing interest rates for some strapped homeowners , many are angry that businessmen who oversaw a company that ultimately failed in part due to its subprime lending practices can turn around and profit off the housing crisis .
Countrywide was investigated early last year by the FBI , SEC and the Justice Department for accounting fraud , insider trading and possibly misleading security filings .
It is sort of like the arsonist who sets fire to the house and then buys up the charred remains and resells it , said Margot Saunders , a lawyer with the National Consumer Law Center .
The organization has for years sought to limit the sort of abusive lending practices that were employed by Countrywide and other financial companies .
Last June , the state of California , among those states most affected by the housing crisis , sued Countrywide for engaging in deceptive advertising and unfair competition by pushing homeowners into risky loans for the sole purpose of reselling the mortgages on the secondary market .
" Countrywide exploited the American dream of homeownership and then sold its mortgages for huge profits on the secondary market , " California Attorney General Jerry Brown said last year .
Countrywide also allegedly gave special loan terms to prominent U.S. lawmakers and former cabinet members .
Kurland has acknowledged " pushing Countrywide into the type of higher - risk loans that have since , in large numbers , gone into default , " the Times reported , but he claims he always insisted loans go only to those able to repay them .
It is horrible what transpired in the industry , Kurland said .
The full name of PennyMac not to be confused with FreddieMac is the Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company .
It " stands to profit enormously even if it offers to slash interest rates " to attract those holding delinquent loans to resume payments , the Times reported .
The company 's biggest deal has been with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
It paid the government agency just $ 43.2 million for $ 560 million worth of residential loans , which were formerly on the books of the failed First National Bank of Nevada .
Kurland is seeking to capitalize on a situation that was a product of his own creation , said Blair A. Nicholas , a lawyer representing retired Arkansas teachers who are also suing Mr. Kurland and other former Countrywide executives .
It is tragic and ironic .
But then again , greed is a growth industry .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Our project is a true portrait of Britain created by photographing 1,000 people .
We stopped everyone who crossed our path on the streets of London , excluding nobody , asking the same question more than fifteen hundred times .
In a moment where recession is the main subject of every discussion , it was striking to come across such positive attitude .
Watch our lapse video on Vimeo or YouTube
It looks like firmware 2.7 will be out this week according to some developer chatter at GDC .
No word on the source of this statement and no confirmation clearly puts this in the rumor category .
“ PS3 Firmware 2.70 definitely this week .
Developers got it yesterday . ”
[ Source ]
I was trying to test the development version of Padre on Windows .
Update from SVN and tried it on the currently installed ActivePerl :
C:\gabor\padre \Padre>perl Makefile .PL
Found Wx.pm 0.90
The required ' nmake ' executable not found , fetching it ...
Fetching ' Nmake15.exe ' from download.microsoft.com ...
Ca n't locate object method " new " via package " URI " at C:/ Perl/lib/HT TP / Request.pm line 80 .
Not good .
But no problem , I remember Adam Kennedy has just released the first stable version of Strawberry Perl on a Stick .
Strangely the main site only had link to the release candidates and not to the real release .
No problem , I know he announced it on use .
perl
Now that 's bad .
According to the comment there , it can not build XS modules .
So I can not use ActivePerl nor the released version of Strawberry on a stick .
Reverting to the previous Strawberry RC that I still have somewhere on my computer ...
All tests passing .
After writing and publishing a few thoughts on Obama ’s stimulus plan , I got around to reading yesterday ’s Wall Street Journal .
I found that two Chicago economists , Nobel Laureate Gary S. Becker and Kevin M. Murphy , had written an op - ed called " There ’s No Stimulus Free Lunch . "
That piece elicits some reactions from me .
But before getting to that , a personal question came to mind .
How was it that I approached this legislation rather differently than they did , my approach being far more Austrian , radical , and anti-state ?
I had to think back 40 years .
My doctorate comes from the University of Rochester ’s School of Management .
This is a business school , not a department of economics .
But the focus of the school was and is economics .
Major elements of the faculty were Chicago economists .
Yet after a few years there , I was reading Austrian economics .
At a garage sale , for less than twenty - five cents each , I bought ( among others ) von Mises ’ Human Action , Hayek ’s The Road to Serfdom , Spencer ’s Man Versus the State , and Molinari ’s The Society of Tomorrow .
How did I know enough to recognize these and buy them ?
The answer has several parts .
The most important one is that the faculty had inquiring minds .
They asked questions .
They raised questions .
They questioned each other ’s work .
They raised problems with the work of others constantly .
Nothing was taken for granted .
One always could delve more deeply into anything that was accepted or passed for knowledge .
The excellence of this faculty lay , not so much in propounding a particular point of view as such , but in providing an immersion into intellectual challenge .
Faculty doors were open to students , another important factor .
Students were treated as equals in the sense that they could raise objections and command a hearing as much as a faculty member could .
I had many conversations with Professor Donald F. Gordon .
Don was the teacher of Douglass C. North , who won a Nobel Prize .
One source reads : " North earned his Ph.D. in economics at the University of California at Berkeley , but by his own admission learned how to reason like an economist from Donald Gordon , one of his colleagues at his first job at the University of Washington . "
Another source says of Don : " While Saskatchewan is on the mind , here ’s to the greatest intellect I ’ve ever known , a Saskatchewan man , and a superb economist , the late Donald F. Gordon . "
Don wrote little .
He conversed much .
Paul Samuelson felt he had to respond in print to one article in which Don critiqued Samuelson ’s Foundations of Economic Analysis .
In one course , Professor Martin J. Bailey had us writing Constitutions so as to overcome problems with our own .
His own work , I now learn , resulted in a book that I have not read , Constitution for a Future Country .
The extensive book review ( by Ed Clarke ) of this lauds Bailey ’s work most highly .
Imagine a faculty filled with a dozen or more Don Gordons and Martin Baileys .
They emphasized methodological individualism and microeconomics .
They emphasized qualitative , not quantitative economics .
Mathematical economics was not part of the curriculum .
Price theory was .
Economic reasoning was .
Inquiry emphasized theory , thought , ideas , and interpretation above empiricism .
They were limited government men .
They did not neglect economic history .
Sooner or later , the inquiry fell on Wicksell , Bhm -Bawerk , Knight , Hayek , and others .
One easily discovered the Austrians .
What common ground is there between Becker and Murphy and me ( an unelected stand - in for Austrian economists ) ?
" [ Government ]
Spending is not free , " Becker and Murphy tell us , " ultimately it has to be financed by higher taxes . "
This statement is necessarily true , since gifts to government are a negligible portion of its revenue .
I agree .
Is the lunch that the government buys with the taxes worth the price it pays ?
Becker and Murphy tell us that " higher income and business taxes generally discourage effort and investments and result in a larger social burden than the actual level of the tax revenue needed to finance the greater debt . "
Those losses are to be toted up against the stimulus package .
I agree .
I go much further , however .
It is not only that effort and investment are discouraged , it is also that the government spending misdirects effort and investment .
Capital goes into mal - investments .
Workers waste their time and effort getting on - the - job training in skills that are not in demand .
Thus , human capital also goes into mal - investment .
These mal - investments burden the economy until they are liquidated or re-directed , and that produces recession , with another set of costs .
While all that is happening , consumer wants go unmet when government spending pours into projects that are ill - advised .
These are further costs .
These costs are not all .
A stimulus bill , of this size especially , reinforces a negative dynamic that places its own burdens on productive effort .
Any government that acts as an ex post insurer against economic problems ( even of its own creating ) induces people to expect bailouts in the future .
They rearrange their lives accordingly , becoming more dependent on government .
They also learn to use the power of government to take from others .
These actions cause the social system to deteriorate and the private economy to atrophy .
They are part of a dynamic process in which government grows and private product fails to live up to its free market potential .
The morality of the entire society also deteriorates .
Becker and Murphy point out two more negatives .
One is that many parts of the bill are politically inspired , the result being that " various components of the package are unlikely to pass any reasonably stringent cost - benefit test . "
I agree but I look at this matter quite differently .
First of all , there is no empirical cost - benefit test , stringent or otherwise , that can be done .
It ca n’t be done because there is no way to measure all the costs when the public must pay taxes .
There is also no way to measure benefits when some people gain and others lose .
There are no objective measures of such values , and there are no markets in government goods that provide such measures .
Second , to measure costs and benefits is to presume that government is a fit entity to do investment projects .
It presumes that in some cases the benefits will be found to exceed the costs , so that government coercion is warranted .
I disagree .
Government coercion is never warranted , not only because force is bad , but also because most people think and agree that force is bad at the personal level .
Government coercion undermines an essential aspect of society ’s social capital , which is the distinction between right and wrong that most people in the society believe in .
Most people do not believe in using force against others personally .
When their government does this , society starts to becomes unglued as the distinction between right and wrong is officially erased .
Becker and Murphy ’s case - by - case approach also fails to recognize the long - term negative dynamic of government power .
Over time , we have found in America that the government can engage in any project it wants to , the Constitution being such as to permit this .
Invoking a benefit - cost test merely provides a cloak of respectability thrown over the ugly fact that every conceivable project is up for government grabs .
The second negative that Becker and Murphy mention is that the government will be unable to spend $ 500 billion wisely in a short period of time .
This is surely true and a worthwhile observation .
Haste makes waste .
I think there is something else of even greater fundamental importance : the government is unable to spend its revenues wisely even given long periods of time .
For government , slowness also makes waste .
Becker and Murphy note that government programs tend to survive once they are put in place ; very rarely are they cut back .
In other words they recognize the ratchet effect pointed out by Robert Higgs .
I agree .
The only reason why they regard this as a negative is that after the economy returns to full employment , the stimulus of that spending will be smaller than now , when there is less than full employment .
In their words : " The multiplier at that time will surely be much closer to zero . "
This means to them that a dollar of government " product " will simply substitute for a dollar of private product .
I go much further .
Government product ( spending ) is not equivalent to private spending .
The two differ fundamentally .
Government spending arises from violent intervention into private exchanges , whereas private ( non-criminal ) exchanges are peaceful .
Dollars spent by government are not in any sense economic substitutes for dollars spent privately .
The latter lead to improvements in utility of all persons who exchange , while the former leave some persons better off at the expense of others who are worse off .
As I have just argued , violent government intervention leaves society generally worse off because the government ’s violent intervention breaks down the rule of law that is written in people ’s hearts .
Becker and Murphy ask " How much increase in Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) can be expected from the stimulus package ? "
Their guess is that one dollar spent by the government will raise short - term GDP by " well below one " dollar .
I agree .
They think that the projects chosen in this bill " would mainly have to draw resources away from other uses . "
I add that this is true of all government projects .
Unlike Becker and Murphy , I do not accept the notion of making GDP a target and a criterion by which to evaluate a stimulus package .
We can fancy that it would make a better criterion than the current situation in which Speaker Pelosi expresses the utter corruption of democratic politics on a truly grand scale that outdoes Jim Wright by orders of magnitude .
We can fancy that it would be an improvement over the total waste being visited upon us now by Pelosi and company , if they were actually forced to justify their spending on the basis of real benefits .
These fancies can never be realized .
The government will invariably concoct , manipulate , or ignore whatever statistics are under its control .
GDP is simply one tool in its arsenal .
If we choose jobs created by a program as a target statistic , the results will be just as dire : waste and more waste .
When the idea is to feather the nests of selected constituencies in such fields as energy , health , and education , GDP is just a convenient propaganda tool .
It presents a height to be scaled linked to an assurance , soon forgotten , that it will be scaled .
As a target , GDP turns us into pack animals hitched to a wagon managed by government with a whip , trying to make the wagon reach the highest possible elevation .
GDP is part of Washington ’s smoke , mirrors , speech - making , and hand - waving .
It presents the ( false ) appearance that the economy is a manageable entity that Washington manages for the good of the public .
Beneath the hand - waving and hoopla , the tawdry game of money transfer plays on .
Becker and Murphy ’s bottom line is that the short - term stimulus of the package will be smaller than what others expect , but that there may be long - term benefits from parts of it relating to energy , health , and education .
This conflict seems to stymie them .
Not me , for there is no conflict .
There are no long - term benefits either .
No government money should be or needs to be spent on windmills or whatever passes for renewable energy these days .
The government is so smart that it filled the strategic oil reserve with millions upon millions of barrels of high - priced oil that has now crashed in price .
The government cannot pick winners in energy and it ca n’t keep up with changes in energy markets and technology .
It is total foolishness to think it can .
The stimulus bill contains several health provisions that will remake the face of American medicine by controlling what doctors prescribe and their medical treatments .
There are no long - term benefits in that direction , only very high costs , when older patients begin to be denied treatments , even when they are willing to pay for them out of their own pockets .
At that point , I expect we will need one or more Samuel Adamses to create Committees of Correspondence .
I have read that the stimulus bill commits more funds to education than the sum of the past ten years .
Whatever the figure is , it is too big by its total amount .
The government cannot produce high - quality education any better than it can maintain levees or bring aid to the inhabitants of New Orleans .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
Psychiatrist and iconoclast Thomas Szasz takes part in a hard - hitting interview on ABC Radio National ’s All in the Mind where he shows that at the age of 89 he ’s lost none of his fire which has raged through psychiatry for almost 50 years .
It ’s a two part interview with the second appearing next week and it ’s classic Szasz .
He ’s an important thinker because he relentlessly attacks the conceptual foundations of psychiatry , the definitions which usually can’t be empirically tested because they ’re philosophical issues – in other words , the assumptions we need to make about the world before we can start measuring anything .
Szasz comes from a classical liberal perspective , citing the rights and responsibilities of the individual as primary in any social decision - making .
As psychiatry is involved in changing behaviour , detaining individuals against their will , and discharging responsibility for serious crimes through the insanity defence – all based on what Szasz argues is a flawed concept of ‘ mental illness ’ – he fundamentally opposes much of the psychiatric system .
He ’s always fascinating to read or listen to as there are always ‘ that man is a genius ’ and ‘ how can he be so stupid ? ’ moments following closely together .
Of course , not everyone agrees on which are which .
The presenter , Natasha Mitchell , does a fantastic job of pressing hard questions and does n’t shy away from tackling accusations of anti-psychiatry , medical irresponsibility and collusion with scientology ( next week ) .
Great stuff .
Link to AITM ‘ Thomas Szasz speaks ’
Part 1 .
Link to more background on the AITM blog .
Christian communities around the world are currently celebrating Holy Week - both the last week of Lent and the week before Easter .
Holy
Week commemorates the last week of the earthly life of Jesus Christ culminating in his crucifixion on Good Friday and his resurrection on Easter Sunday .
Observances range from the elaborate and fanciful to simple and reverential , and vary a great deal between communities , regions , countries , and churches .
Collected here are a small sample of photographs from Holy Week observances around the world .
( 34 photos total
Contribute
For those who wish to make monetary contributions please send a check or money order made out to ACU and mail it to
ACU
c /o Loretta Nall
4633 Pearson Chapel Rd .
Alexander City , AL 35010
As soon as we are approved for 501c3 status we will put the PayPal button back up so that contributions may be made online .
Byrd is a stern constitutional scholar who has always stood up for the legislative branch in its role in checking the power of the White House .
Byrd : Obama in power grab
Sen. Robert Byrd ( D - W.Va . ) , the longest - serving Democratic senator , is criticizing President Obama ’s appointment of White House “ czars ” to oversee federal policy , saying these executive positions amount to a power grab by the executive branch .
In a letter to Obama on Wednesday , Byrd complained about Obama ’s decision to create White House offices on health reform , urban affairs policy , and energy and climate change .
Byrd said such positions “ can threaten the Constitutional system of checks and balances .
At the worst , White House staff have taken direction and control of programmatic areas that are the statutory responsibility of Senate - confirmed officials . ”
Advertisement
While it 's rare for Byrd to criticize a president in his own party , Byrd is a stern constitutional scholar who has always stood up for the legislative branch in its role in checking the power of the White House .
Byrd no longer holds the powerful Appropriations chairmanship , so his criticism does not carry as much weight these days .
Byrd repeatedly clashed with the Bush administration over executive power , and it appears that he 's not limiting his criticism to Republican administrations .
Byrd also wants Obama to limit claims of executive privilege while also ensuring that the White House czars do n’t have authority over Cabinet officers confirmed by the Senate .
“ As presidential assistants and advisers , these White House staffers are not accountable for their actions to the Congress , to cabinet officials , and to virtually anyone but the president , ” Byrd wrote .
“ They rarely testify before congressional committees , and often shield the information and decision - making process behind the assertion of executive privilege .
In too many instances , White House staff have been allowed to inhibit openness and transparency , and reduce accountability . ”
The West Virginia Democrat on Wednesday asked Obama to “ consider the following : that assertions of executive privilege will be made only by the president , or with the president ’s specific approval ; that senior White House personnel will be limited from exercising authority over any person , any program , and any funding within the statutory responsibility of a Senate - confirmed department or agency head ; that the president will be responsible for resolving any disagreement between a Senate - confirmed agency or department head and White House staff ; and that the lines of authority and responsibility in the administration will be transparent and open to the American public . ”
Obama faces a decision as early as next week on whether to support a claim of executive privilege made by former President Bush in refusing to allow Karl Rove , the former deputy White House chief of staff , to be deposed by the House Judiciary Committee on the White House ’s role in the 2006 firing of nine U.S. attorneys .
Bush claimed “ absolute immunity ” for top advisers in resisting such subpoenas , but Rep. John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the Judiciary Committee , filed a lawsuit over the issue .
The case is on appeal , and the Obama administration is scheduled to file a motion next week laying out its stance on the issue .
More Info about this Invention :
Share on
A team at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada , has created microbial fuel cells by surrounding yeast cells in a flexible capsule .
The fuel cells are able to generate power from human blood plasma .
These fuel cells consist of colonies of Saccharomyces cerevisiae , the type of yeast used in brewing and baking , which are placed in a cell made from a form of silicone .
The fuel cells are only 15 millimetres square and 1.4 mm thick .
Biological power plants such as these could be incredibly useful for devices that are implanted into the body , such as pacemakers and intraspinal microelectrodes for treating paralysis .
The British human rights group Cageprisoners has just published a fascinating interview with Binyam Mohamed , the British resident , subjected to “ extraordinary rendition ” and torture , who was freed from Guantánamo on February 23 .
I have covered Binyam ’s story in great depth over the last few years ( see the list of articles at the end of this interview ) , including a detailed analysis of an interview he did with the journalist David Rose for the Mail on Sunday , following his release , but this interview , in which Moazzam Begg , former prisoner and spokesman for Cageprisoners , generally refrains from asking questions about Binyam ’s torture , is particularly noteworthy for its insights into the psychological effects of incarceration in the CIA ’s “ Dark Prison ” in Afghanistan , life as a prisoner in Bagram and Guantánamo , tales of other prisoners , and reflections on the importance of the prisoners ’ faith , and the authorities ’ response to it .
Moazzam Begg : Bismillah ir - Rahman ir - Raheem ( In the Name of Allah , the Most Beneficent , the Most Merciful ) .
I ’m sitting here with brother Binyam Mohamed .
Binyam , could you just introduce yourself a little bit and tell us who you are and where you ’ve been for the past few years ?
Binyam Mohamed : My name is Binyam Mohamed .
I ’m an Ethiopian citizen , born in Ethiopia .
I came to the UK when I was 15 years old .
Moazzam Begg :
You ’re obviously well - known for having been held in Guantánamo Bay and the American secret prisons for the past few years .
First of all , I ’d like to say to you , brother , may Allah be praised for your return back to this country .
I ’d like to begin by asking you : you ’ve been held in one of the world ’s most notorious — if not the most notorious — prison , for all this time .
Lots of people feel that the people there , despite all of the atrocities that they faced , are victims .
Would you describe yourself as a victim or as a survivor ?
Binyam Mohamed : First of all , I would praise Allah for the release , which happened after almost seven years of incarceration .
I would say more like a survivor , because we had to survive so as not to lose our minds , and we came up with a lot of ways on how to survive in the situations that we found ourselves in .
Moazzam Begg :
You were taken to custody in Pakistan and then moved over to Morocco , where you spent several months , or was it years ?
Binyam Mohamed : I was held in Pakistan for almost three and a half months , and transported to Morocco , where I spent exactly 18 months .
Moazzam Begg :
And then you were moved to Kabul in Afghanistan , to the “ Dark Prison ” ?
Binyam Mohamed :
And then I was moved to Kabul , where I spent almost five months .
Moazzam Begg :
And then you were moved to the Bagram Detention Facility ?
Binyam Mohamed : Yes , we were moved to Bagram around June 2004 , where we spent three to four months .
Moazzam Begg : I realise you ’ve already done interviews with other people .
I ’m not going to try to focus on the terrible torture that was meted out to you , but what I do want to focus on is people that you witnessed , and people that are still in the custody of the USA .
When you were in the Bagram Detention Facility after being held in the “ Dark Prison , ” you came across a female prisoner .
Can you describe a little bit about who you think she is and what you saw of her ?
Binyam Mohamed : In Bagram , I did come across a female who wore a shirt with the number of “ 650 , ” and I saw her several times , and I heard a lot of stories about her from the guards and the other prisoners over there .
Moazzam Begg :
And these stories said what about her , in terms of her description and her background ?
Binyam Mohamed :
What we were told first … we were frightened by the guards not to communicate with her , because they feared that we would talk to her and we would know who she was .
So they told us that she was a spy from Pakistan , working with the government , and the Americans brought her to Bagram .
Moazzam Begg :
So you think they spread the rumour that she was a spy … that would have kept you away from her and apprehensive towards her ?
Binyam Mohamed : Basically , nobody talked to her in the facility , and she was held in isolation , where … she was only brought out to the main facility just to use the toilet .
But all I knew about her was that she was from Pakistan , and that she had studied , or she had lived in America .
And the guards would talk a lot about her , and I did actually see her picture when I was here a few weeks ago , and I would say she ’s the very person I saw in Bagram .
Moazzam Begg :
And that ’s the very picture I showed you of Aafia Siddiqui ?
Binyam Mohamed :
That ’s the very picture I saw .
Moazzam Begg :
There have been all sorts of rumours about what happened to her — and may Allah free her soon — but part of those rumours include her being terribly abused .
Do you have any knowledge of what abuse she might have faced ?
Binyam Mohamed : Apart from her being in isolation — and the fact that I saw , when she was walking up and down , I could tell that she was severely disturbed — I do n’t think she was in her right mind — literally , I do n’t think she was sane — and I did n’t feel anything at that time , because , as far as I was concerned , she was a hypocrite working with the other governments .
But had we known that she was a sister , I do n’t think we would have been silent .
I think there would have been a lot of maybe even riots in Bagram .
Moazzam Begg : Some of the brothers who later escaped from Bagram spoke about her and said that they learnt afterwards who she was and that they went on hunger strike .
You might have left by this time , but were the other prisoners there upset by seeing a woman there , regardless , as a prisoner ?
Binyam Mohamed :
We were upset at witnessing just the weakened , the injured in front of us in Bagram , and had we known that there was a sister over there , I do n’t think anyone would have been silent .
But to keep Bagram as Bagram — quiet — the Americans put out the rumour that she was not a sister .
Moazzam Begg :
That she was a spy .
Binyam Mohamed :
That she was a spy and we had to stay away from her .
Moazzam Begg : Did you ever hear any rumours at that time of her having children , or anything like that ?
Binyam Mohamed : I had heard —
I ’m not sure if from the guards or from the brothers — that she did have children , but the children were not in Bagram .
They were somewhere else .
Moazzam Begg :
And was there any rumour or discussion as to what happened to those children ?
Binyam Mohamed :
We had no idea what happened to the children .
Moazzam Begg : Eventually you moved to Guantánamo Bay , and one of the things that often comes out about the Bagram Detention Facility is that people were subjected to all sorts of different torture there , and then they compared that to Guantánamo .
If you were able to compare the different prisons you were held in — from Morocco , from the “ Dark Prison , ” Bagram to Guantánamo — which would you say is the worst ?
Binyam Mohamed : Personally , I take the “ Dark Prison ” as being the worst , and that ’s because I was literally there not for gathering information .
It was n’t set up as a detention centre , it was literally there just to have somebody go insane .
Moazzam Begg : Can you describe a little the “ Dark Prison ” and what it ’s like , because there are many reports we ’ve had from those that were held there — and they seem to be consistent — but just to hear from you in terms of what effect it had on you : how was the “ Dark Prison ” ?
Binyam Mohamed : Right from the beginning of where you ca n’t sleep unless you literally … you ’re so tired you ca n’t stay awake , that just tells you that you ’re in a place where your mind starts telling you that , to me , literally that I did n’t know I existed .
In the other prisons I was in , it was , “ When is this going to end ? ”
In the “ Dark Prison , ” it was n’t , “ Is this going to end ? ” it was , “ Is this real ? ”
Moazzam Begg :
One of the hardest things I found , being held in Bagram myself , was , I knew that I could deal with my own abuse , when they abused me in Bagram or Kandahar or Guantánamo , but the hardest thing was to watch it happen to someone else .
Did you regularly see other people being abused by the American soldiers ?
Binyam Mohamed : I used to literally see all kinds of abuses , and the humiliations , degrading treatment , but the Americans usually did it as a way of separating between those whom they liked and those who they did n’t like .
Moazzam Begg :
Those who co-operated and those who did n’t ?
Binyam Mohamed : Yeah …
If you were safe from being abused , you literally did n’t want to be standing up for those who were being abused , because you would find yourself being in front of their abuse , and , for example , this happened in Bagram , where there was this Afghan who had been shot at least twenty times , and the guy had … he was just a skeleton , because he could n’t eat .
And they ’d flown him from the hospital where he was staying to the Bagram Facility , just to instil fear into the population .
Americans do n’t care .
They find you outside , shoot you twenty times , put you in a hospital .
You start walking well , they put you in the system .
Literally , the guy could n’t even … let alone walk , he could n’t even sleep well .
He was in the shower , where he was forced to go out back to his isolation , and the man could n’t walk , so he asked to sit down .
And these are the very guards who yesterday were smiling and laughing with us , they were telling this guy he had to talk .
I tried to intervene .
I could n’t .
The other brothers tried to intervene .
They could n’t .
So we got into this confrontation where we tried telling them … they ’re not going to have it .
And this is in Bagram , so what happened was very simple .
So we got into this confrontation where the guy at the … what they call “ the Catwalk , ” the bridge above us watching the showers , he was just about to shoot us , because we tried to tell the guards to let the guy to sit down and have a rest and then go back to his cell .
Moazzam Begg :
The guard put a round in the chamber ?
He cocked the gun ?
Binyam Mohamed : He was ready to shoot .
He was ready to fire .
And this was the kind of confrontation where when we tried to stand up against the oppression we saw inside the system .
We can’t .
Moazzam Begg :
One of the things that I remember from Bagram was that , even the issue of being able to pray together , to call the Adhan ( call to prayer ) , to read the Qur’an , was regarded as a crime .
Did you experience any of this ?
Binyam Mohamed : In Bagram , we literally could n’t pray , two people together , let alone a group .
If they saw you praying just next to each other , they would force you to stop .
And if you did n’t stop , you get put in isolation and suffer all the other abuses that they have — of tying you up for six hours or eight hours or whatever it is .
Moazzam Begg :
Do you think that the American soldiers were doing this because they genuinely hated Islam — they were ignorant — or they were being told to do this ?
Binyam Mohamed : I would say it ’s a mix .
I mean , most of them , they literally , I would say , were doing it because they hated Islam .
And there were a few who were doing it because they were ordered .
The ignorant I would say was one percent .
There were n’t many ignorant people over there .
Moazzam Begg : I think ignorance breeds hatred , so my experience was that most of these guys , because they were ignorant , they had hatred .
But if they had known properly , they would have had some respect for the religion of Islam .
But even the idea of some of the basic normality that one would expect in that place — after all , they ’re in a Muslim country administering Muslim prisoners — do you really think they had much knowledge of the culture , language and religion of the people they were guarding ?
Binyam Mohamed :
The problem with the Americans in Afghanistan — they hated the Arabs , and yet they hated the Afghans even more , and they tried to play the game of one above the other , and they tried the system of trying to get us to hate the Afghans , or getting the Afghans to hate the Arabs .
Moazzam Begg : So , divide and conquer ?
Binyam Mohamed : Divide and conquer .
I do n’t think that the decision - makers were stupid enough to not know enough of Islam to be in Afghanistan .
The ones at the bottom — the foot soldiers — they were just taking orders , and at the end of the day they ’re still going to take orders whether they know Islam or not .
Moazzam Begg : Following on from that , did you come across any soldiers there who you think were good , ordinary , decent people who you could have a conversation with , and who were understanding ?
Binyam Mohamed : I was actually in the position of talking to a lot of them because I knew English .
Whenever they used to go on their files and check the profiles of people , they used to find out that I was in the US , so they had something to talk to me about .
It was some kind of … something in common that they wanted to talk about .
But with the rest of the people , it was basically that they did n’t want to know them .
Moazzam Begg :
And did you find that being an English speaker was a blessing at the time , or was it a blessing and a curse , or was it just a curse ?
Binyam Mohamed : Literally , it was a blessing at times and a curse at times .
Moazzam Begg :
And that ’s because everyone wants to interrogate you , that you understand what every order is ?
Binyam Mohamed : Yeah , it works both ways .
They find they ca n’t abuse me as much as they abuse a non-English speaker because they were n’t afraid of someone who could n’t speak English reporting an incident that happened .
A non-English speaker needs a translator , and the translation gets lost .
Moazzam Begg :
One of the things that I came across in Bagram also was somebody who ’d been terribly wounded .
He ’d been shot in his eye , and he had two huge exit wounds in his shoulder and chest .
And that is the young boy Omar Khadr , who is the only Canadian — the only Westerner [ Western citizen ] — still in Guantánamo .
I did n’t meet him in Guantánamo , I only met him in Bagram , and I was … my heart bled for him , because he was a very sweet young boy , and even to see him try to recite the Qur ’an used to bring tears to my eyes .
Did you have much interaction with Omar ?
Binyam Mohamed : Omar Khadr was that sweet young boy , but I met him as a young man , and I met him while we were commissioned .
We were put in the same block .
Moazzam Begg :
You were both charged under the Military Commissions ?
Binyam Mohamed : Both of us were charged almost the same time in 2005 — around November — so we met up in the beginning of 2006 , back in Camp 5 .
And we started getting to know each other .
I ’d seen him before .
I ’d met with him before in the other block , but not like there , because we started going out to break together .
Moazzam Begg :
That ’s recreation , in the recreation yard ?
Binyam Mohamed :
What they call the recreation yard , where it is just a small cage — a four by four cell — over months and months , and we used to sit down together and we used to talk a lot .
Moazzam Begg :
So they ’d let you talk and walk together in the same recreation yard ?
Binyam Mohamed : Actually , I had my own cage and he had his own cage .
There was not that much interaction .
But , I mean , at least we could talk much more freely than inside the block .
Moazzam Begg :
What were your impressions of Omar Khadr ?
Binyam Mohamed : [ It was ] kind of ridiculous , having a youngster being charged by the Commission system , and portrayed as this evil person .
The reality is , here ’s where the Americans have got it wrong .
Omar stands as this youngster Muslim who ’s been oppressed by the Americans , for no apparent reason except just being Muslim .
So there it is , and , I mean , if you go to Guantánamo , you know … I mean , he ’s just a normal person .
Moazzam Begg :
One of the people that I came across in Bagram — an American interrogator [ Damien Corsetti ] — has now turned against the American military in terms of what they did in Afghanistan and later in Iraq .
He knew Omar Khadr also , and I spoke to him … I phoned him a couple of weeks ago , and he now is being a witness for the defence of Omar Khadr , because he was an interrogator at the time and he said I ’ve now recognised what took place was wrong and I ’m going to try and do something about it .
Binyam Mohamed : I think it ’s been a long time , where we were expecting people were going to start taking responsibility for the crimes they ’ve done , and portraying [ us through ] the allegations against us — whether we ’d been charged or not — as criminals , and yet the real criminals are there in the White House , or in the Pentagon , wherever they are .
People have to start taking responsibility .
Moazzam Begg :
What is it that gives you , as a prisoner who served all this time in US custody , the strength to even say that I could have survived that ?
Where did your strength come from ?
Binyam Mohamed : Strength comes from Allah .
There ’s no other place it comes from except from Allah , and if it was n’t for Allah we would have been completely lost .
Moazzam Begg : Some of the American soldiers used to say to me : if I was in a cell like this , if I was imprisoned , I would have broken .
And I used to respond by saying : at least I have five things to look forward to every day .
But it was n’t completely normal , even those five things that you did — the five prayers .
How did you manage to perform your prayers for Jumu’ah ( Friday ) , for Eid , in congregation .
How did you do all these things ?
Binyam Mohamed : Sadly I did n’t have any congregational prayer in any of the prisons I ’ve been in .
Moazzam Begg : Seven years — you ’d never pray in congregation , in jama ’ah ?
Binyam Mohamed : I do n’t … there was no congregational prayer in any of the places I ’ve been .
Moazzam Begg : And Jumu’ah and Eid ?
Binyam Mohamed : No Jumu’ah , no Eid .
None of those prayers were in congregation and the only congregational prayer that was allowed — which could have happened — was in Camp Four , and I never stayed in Camp Four .
Moazzam Begg :
In the blocks , it ’s not a congregational prayer , but people still pray behind one another .
And this is just to explain that inside each block there ’s 24 cells in Camp Delta , and 24 cells on either side — 48 altogether .
The person who ’s in the front would lead the prayer , regardless of who he was .
And this is what used to happen , but nobody could actually physically stand together .
Binyam Mohamed : No , there was no standing together .
I mean , even my experience was mostly in Camp 5 and Camp 6 , where you ’re actually do n’t even see the person in front of you .
It ’s just a wall .
Moazzam Begg :
These are concrete cement walls , as opposed to the cages , where you can see other people .
Binyam Mohamed :
And the sound was just faint .
It would just come through the crack of the doors , and it ’s not like the cages , where the sound just travelled .
But people kept up the prayers — as they called them , congregational prayers — to be together , because the one thing that the brothers wanted to do was to be together , and it ’s still being practised in Camp 5 and Camp 6 .
Moazzam Begg :
You say of course the brothers wanted to be together , and the concept of brotherhood there is extremely important , particularly because of the adverse circumstances .
There ’s one brother there , in particular , who ’s regarded in some of the press as one of the most influential people in Guantánamo Bay .
But this brother was supposed to be on the plane with you — or so you thought — when you returned to the United Kingdom .
Can you tell me something of this brother ?
Binyam Mohamed :
This brother , who is Shaker Aamer , who was meant to have been on the plane with me , he was very influential in Guantánamo .
I mean , he changed a lot of stuff , a lot of the abuses the brothers were going through , he changed a lot of that .
Moazzam Begg :
And he changed it by …?
Binyam Mohamed :
By gathering the brothers together and actually working a deal with the Americans , and going to Americans — going to the Americans with a proposal of what he wanted to change .
And it was working well until some interrogators interfered with what was happening , and Shaker got the blame for it .
Moazzam Begg :
You ’re speaking of the hunger strikes , and the rights that he was trying to advocate for the prisoners — for better food , for non-abuse of the Qur’an , for the prisoners not to be strip - searched every time , and those sorts of things .
That ’s correct ?
Binyam Mohamed :
These were the things Shaker was working on , and I was literally next door , next to his cell
He was in cell 17 , I was in cell 19 ( there was just one cell between us ) , and I knew exactly what he was trying to do , and we did try and work on all of this , and we accomplished a lot of things .
That was back in 2005 , but just one interrogator — he beat up one of the prisoners in interrogation , which just turned everything into a riot , and then Shaker was isolated from us from 2005 .
Moazzam Begg :
And he was taken away completely from everybody and held in one of the isolation camps in Camp Echo .
Binyam Mohamed :
He was held in Camp Echo from 2005 , to , I think , 2008 , when they decided to take him out .
Just a few months ago .
Moazzam Begg : Shaker Aamer was one of my closest friends , though I never saw him in Guantánamo or Bagram , and one of the worst things for me was the knowledge that both of us had sons born whilst we were in detention in Guantánamo .
His family are all here in Great Britain — they ’re all British .
His youngest child is almost eight years old and he ’s never seen him in his life .
Do you remember Shaker talking anything about his family at all , or how he used to deal with being separated from them for such a long time ?
Binyam Mohamed :
When I was with Shaker , he was literally preoccupied with the hunger strikes , although , as always in Guantánamo , he did speak about his son , and how much he would like to come and stay with his son , and he was actually looking forward to coming to the UK to see his family here , and live with them .
And , I think , back in 2005 , there was an expectation that he would be here .
I mean , he did expect there would come a day when he would come to the UK and meet his family .
Moazzam Begg : Shaker is still not being returned , but you were led to believe that he was going to be on the plane with you ?
Binyam Mohamed : I spoke to the Foreign and Commonwealth officers on the plane about Shaker , and they did say that he was meant to be on the plane , and the UK had requested from the US for his release .
But the only problem they ’re having right now is that the US is refusing Shaker ’s release to the UK .
Moazzam Begg :
They ’re refusing this , ironically , not because he was going to be charged under the Military Commissions or anything like that , but because he ’s an influential person .
Binyam Mohamed : I would say the Americans are trying to keep him as silent as they could .
It ’s not that he has anything .
What happened in 2005 and 2006 is something that the Americans do n’t want the world to know — hunger strikes , and all the events that took place , until the three brothers who died … insider information of all the events , probably .
Obviously , Shaker does n’t have them , but the Americans think he may have some of them , and they do n’t like this kind of information being released .
And they try and delay a person ’s release , because I was in the same position back in 2007 .
I was supposed to be released with the other three residents , but since I was right in the American authority , on this very issue — the hunger strikes in 2005 , and the deaths — they decided to delay my release .
Moazzam Begg :
You ’ve spoken much of the hunger strikes .
I know I ’ve gone to Northern Ireland many times and spoken with a lot of former Irish prisoners and spoken to a lot of the hunger strikers , and have even met people who were with Bobby Sands before he died , and those people .
Do you think that the hunger strike really made any difference ?
Binyam Mohamed : Back in 2005 it actually did — it changed everything .
The Americans did come and say that they were going to implement law , because in Guantánamo before 2005 , there was no law , there was no rule .
The colonel ’s saying , “ I do what I like , ” but after the hunger strike — the big hunger strike of 2005 — they actually started implementing some kind of law that we knew about — not that we liked it , but we knew — that discard the rules that apply in Guantánamo .
Moazzam Begg :
You were n’t — none of us were — treated as prisoners of war , but do you think that , had they done this , there would have been less problems between the prisoners and the administration ?
Binyam Mohamed : Well , if you look at it , I mean , Camp 4 , where there was a lot of people in Camp 4 , there ’s never been any kind of problems between the prisoners and the administration , or the guards .
Even though Camp 4 is not like a POW camp , but there ’s never been any kind of problem .
But the isolations and the segregations that the Americans do n’t want to admit as being segregation — like Camp 5 , Camp 6 — that ’s where all the problems are .
Moazzam Begg :
When you say segregation , what do you mean ?
Binyam Mohamed : Segregation , according to my reading of it , is being isolated in a cell , where you ’re in your own cell — you ’re being segregated from the next person .
The American type of segregation is where you separate them from the public [ general population ] and you do n’t get to see another person , so they do n’t classify Camp 5 as a segregation camp , nor Camp 6 .
Moazzam Begg :
And these were then in fact isolated cells , where you do n’t see or interact with any other people ?
Binyam Mohamed : That ’s exactly what Camp 5 and Camp 6 is .
Moazzam Begg :
And do you think that much has changed since Barack Obama came into power , and what was the feeling in Guantánamo Bay when this happened ?
Binyam Mohamed :
When the administration changed over , Guantánamo Bay did n’t change anyhow .
I mean , the prisoners did n’t even care .
Neither were they upset , nor were they happy .
They did n’t really care , because we do n’t look upon an administration and build our hopes on some administration to come and change oppression .
Our belief is in Allah , and Allah ’s the One who ’s going to change this oppression , not some new administration .
So the people in Guantánamo really did n’t care .
There was no emotion to it .
The side of the administration in Guantánamo , they started being more oppressive , and it ’s , like , started implementing rules , degrading rules , where they pushed most of us to actually go on hunger strikes , and if you look at the records before the new administration took over , there was only about ten to twenty people who were on hunger strike , and right after the new administration took over , it went all the way to forty - something on tube - feeding , and another hundred just on hunger strike .
Moazzam Begg :
Do you mean this is when they force - feed , they tie somebody down and they force a tube into their nose and force liquid food into them ?
Binyam Mohamed : Yeah , that ’s exactly what we call tube - feeding in Guantánamo .
Moazzam Begg :
And so you say the hunger strikes — even now as we speak , or when you left — were still taking place ?
Binyam Mohamed : I was registered the 41st tube - feeder , and after me there was another three who were being registered for tube - feeding — this is just in Camp 5 .
So , I mean , right now , I would say , unless the administration has worked out a deal with the hunger strikers , I would say the numbers are way above fifty right now .
Moazzam Begg : Even now , after Obama has said that he will close Guantánamo — he ’s even said that he will no longer call these people “ enemy combatants , ” just last week — even despite all of this , people are hunger - striking ?
Binyam Mohamed :
The administration says a lot of things here , but they do n’t control Guantánamo .
Guantánamo is controlled by JTF ( which is Joint Task Force ) , and JDG ( which is Joint Defence Group ) , and they make the rules in Guantánamo , and the way they ’re going on is … when I was there , there was no change .
It ’s just going to get worse , that ’s the way it is .
Moazzam Begg :
What do you think will happen , should happen , with the prisoners who are still over there ?
Binyam Mohamed : I mean , I had heard that this new administration said they ’re going to close the place down in a year .
It do n’t take a year to release people , it do n’t take a year to shut down a place .
If this administration was trying to do right to a wrong , all they have to do is open a gate and let people out .
Moazzam Begg :
The largest number of people still held there are the Yemenis .
Is there anything particular about the Yemenis that you think has prevented the Americans from releasing them so far ?
Binyam Mohamed : I think the Americans are expecting … they ’re pushing for a lot in Yemen , and the politics over there is keeping the Yemenis from release , and here ’s where we have politics interfering with justice , and it should be justice above politics , but the world we ’re in right now , that ’s not the way it is .
Moazzam Begg : A lot of people who were affected by the “ War on Terror ” — and , of course , the people detained in Guantánamo — are exclusively Muslims .
What do you think is the duty upon people from the Muslim world in particular towards those held in Guantánamo and the secret detention sites ?
Binyam Mohamed : Do n’t forget them from your prayers , and support them anyhow you can .
Moazzam Begg :
There are many people who would think that what this whole episode would mean — for you , for me , for anyone else who ’s been held in Guantánamo and so forth — is too much for a person to bear , and that after this sort of an experience , one should just come back home , keep your head down , and not get involved in anything , in terms of fighting for the rights of other prisoners .
What response would you give to that ?
Binyam Mohamed :
These seven years has taught me a lot .
I ’ve learnt things which I did n’t even know , things that I could n’t have learnt except through this experience .
Putting your head down because of fear , that should n’t be an excuse not to do your duty .
There ’s oppression here .
We have to stand up to it .
Moazzam Begg : Despite many people thinking about the terrible things that have happened in Guantánamo , some things out of it , many things , I see have come out of it that we could n’t have expected .
Many of the prisoners — myself included — memorised a lot of the Qur’an in Guantánamo and Bagram and so forth .
What do you think would be the percentage of the people that have almost completed the whole memorisation of the Qur’an in Guantánamo now ?
Binyam Mohamed : I would say it ’s about ninety percent who memorised the Qur’an , and even the other ten percent , they have memorised it , it ’s just they may have forgotten because the situation that they ’re in at Guantánamo , it ’s not very easy to keep yourself to yourself .
Moazzam Begg :
There was a time when the Qur’an was being taken from the cells and being abused and thrown away , and some prisoners decided that they did n’t want the Qur’an in their cell anymore .
How did these prisoners then continue their … the knowledge of the Qur’an ?
Binyam Mohamed :
It was amazing .
Even I did n’t have a Qur’an most of the time , and what I would do was , I would get a person who ’s memorised the Qur’an to read me a verse and memorise that verse from him , and just repeat it the whole day .
And it ’s just amazing .
You may think it ’s time - consuming , but at the end of the year , you ’d find you ’d memorised nearly half of the Qur’an that way .
Moazzam Begg :
In fact , this is how the Qur’an was revealed to the Prophet ( Salla Allahu alayhi wasallam — peace be upon him ) , and how it was distributed to the Sahaabah ( his companions , may Allah be pleased with them ) .
The Prophet ( Salla Allahu alayhi wasallam ) was an - Nabee al - Ummee — he could n’t read or write — and it was done by word of mouth , and in fact had it not been for all the huffaadh ( memorisers ) of the Qur’an who were getting killed in the early battles , the Qur’an would n’t have been put in book form , so it seems so amazing that people have returned to this form of learning the Qur’an .
Was it also like this in terms of other Islamic sciences , and other general sciences that people would discuss with one another , or was it just the Qur’an people taught one another ?
Binyam Mohamed : People used to do this very thing with the Hadith ( reports about the Prophet , Salla Allahu alayhi wasallam ) , and other kind of knowledge was there .
And mainly in Guantánamo was just knowledge through word of mouth — there was no writing .
Moazzam Begg :
One of the things that happens for convicted prisoners — in fact , some of the worst convicted prisoners in the world , I have to say — is that they can study PhDs , doctorates , their bachelor ’s degrees and so forth .
Were you given any access to this , despite not having been charged with a crime ?
Binyam Mohamed : I had access on doing a PhD on torture and abuse , and I graduated from Guantánamo with a PhD in that … that ’s all we got .
Moazzam Begg :
You ’re now a free man , or relatively free man — relatively free , because there are conditions still in your case .
What are your hopes for the future — what do you want to see happen — in your own situation , and in the situation of the prisoners still there ?
Binyam Mohamed : I would hope that my case is resolved , whichever it be — if it be with the Home Office , or the Foreign Office — and for the prisoners , I would like to see justice , and not propaganda : the release of all the prisoners in Guantánamo and the other prisons .
Moazzam Begg : We — all the former Guantánamo Bay detainees , or lots of us — have a case against the British government for complicity in our torture .
Do you think that the British government or the intelligence services should be held to account , or should they be able to say sorry and walk away ?
Binyam Mohamed : I would say a lot more than sorry .
Sorry is not enough .
Maybe sorry and change their policies .
Moazzam Begg : Coming out now a lot , just over the past couple of weeks , is that there are allegations against the British intelligence , for torture of British citizens in countries as wide and diverse as Egypt , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Morocco in your case , in my case Afghanistan and Pakistan .
I think the problem is much bigger than they ’re admitting .
Do you think they ’re going to admit it at some point ?
Binyam Mohamed : I think the British government would admit a lot of this sometime in the future , unlike the Americans , who have … I would think the British are more intelligent than the Americans when it comes to this kind of stuff .
Moazzam Begg : Jazak Allah khair ( may Allah reward you with good ) , Binyam Mohamed .
May Allah accept all your struggles over the years , and replace them with a heavy balance for you on the Day of Judgement .
Baarak Allah feek ( may Allah bless you ) .
Binyam Mohamed : Wa iyyakum ( and to you ) .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed , and see here for my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 .
For a sequence of articles relating to Binyam Mohamed , see the following : Urgent appeal for British resident Binyam Mohamed , “ close to suicide ” in Guantánamo ( December 2007 ) , Guantánamo : Torture victim Binyam Mohamed sues British government for evidence ( May 2008 ) , Binyam Mohamed ’s letter from Guantánamo to Gordon Brown ( May 2008 ) , Guantánamo trials : critical judge sacked , British torture victim charged ( June 2008 ) , Binyam Mohamed : UK court grants judicial review over torture allegations , as US files official charges ( June 2008 ) , Binyam Mohamed ’s judicial review : judges grill British agent and question fairness of Guantánamo trials ( August 2008 ) , High Court rules against UK and US in case of Guantánamo torture victim Binyam Mohamed ( August 2008 ) ,
In a plea from Guantánamo , Binyam Mohamed talks of “ betrayal ” by the UK ( September 2008 ) , US Justice Department drops “ dirty bomb plot ” allegation against Binyam Mohamed ( October 2008 ) , Meltdown at the Guantánamo Trials ( October 2008 ) , Guilt By Torture : Binyam Mohamed ’s Transatlantic Quest for Justice ( November 2008 ) , A History of Music Torture in the “ War on Terror ” ( December 2008 ) , Is Robert Gates Guilty of Perjury in Guantánamo Torture Case ?
( December 2008 ) , British torture victim Binyam Mohamed to be released from Guantánamo ( January 2009 ) , Do n’t Forget Guantánamo ( February 2009 ) , The Betrayal of British Torture Victim Binyam Mohamed ( February 2009 ) , Hiding Torture And Freeing Binyam Mohamed From Guantánamo ( February 2009 ) , Binyam Mohamed ’s Coming Home From Guantánamo , As Torture Allegations Mount ( February 2009 ) , Binyam Mohamed ’s statement on his release from Guantánamo ( February 2009 ) , Who Is Binyam Mohamed ?
( February 2009 ) , Seven Years of Torture : Binyam Mohamed Tells His Story ( March 2009 ) , Binyam Mohamed ’s Plea Bargain : Trading Torture For Freedom ( March 2009 ) , Obama ’s First 100 Days : Mixed Messages On Torture ( includes the Jeppesen lawsuit , May 2009 ) , UK Government Lies Exposed ; Spy Visited Binyam Mohamed In Morocco ( May 2009 ) , Daily Mail Pulls Story About Binyam Mohamed And British Spy ( May 2009 ) , Government Bans Testimony On Binyam Mohamed And The British Spy ( May 2009 ) , More twists in the tale of Binyam Mohamed ( in the Guardian , May 2009 ) , Did Hillary Clinton Threaten UK Over Binyam Mohamed Torture Disclosure ?
( May 2009 ) , Outsourcing torture to foreign climes ( in the Guardian , May 2009 ) , Binyam Mohamed : Was Muhammad Salih ’s Death In Guantánamo Suicide ? ( June 2009 ) , Miliband Shows Leadership , Reveals Nothing About Torture To Parliamentary Committee ( June 2009 ) .
The arrest of 19 people accused of corruption highlights the dirty by - product of the country 's booming economy in renewable fuel
Powerful wind turbines churned the air above La Muela last week but the stir in this small Aragonese town was caused by the arrest of the mayor and 18 other people on charges that reveal a new phenomenon in Spain : eco-corruption .
Windswept La Muela , with its 500 giant windmills , has become one of Spain 's richest towns on the back of what is the new gold for rural communities - renewable energy .
Eight years ago , the wind energy companies that provide up to 40 % of Spain 's electricity on blustery days came looking to plant their turbines .
These now line the hills outside the town and form neat patterns across the plain .
Generating companies pay € 1 m ( £ 940,000 ) a year to the town hall in rent and taxes .
Private landowners , many of whose families worked the hard , unforgiving land for centuries , share a further € 0.5 m a year .
Planting windmills has proved far more lucrative than cultivating crops .
Each brings in about € 3,000 a year to the landowner .
The wind energy boom brought with it a frenzy of development , as the town 's population increased threefold .
With wind power pouring euros into the municipal coffers , colossal building schemes were pursued .
The 5,000 residents now share three museums , a theatre , a bull - ring and a gleaming sports and swimming centre .
The mayor , María Victoria Pinilla , who denies any wrongdoing , showered townsfolk with money .
She subsidised holidays to Cancún , Mexico , to Brazil , and to the Caribbean beaches of Santo Domingo .
She herself was among those to prosper .
A plot of land she owns now contains three smart new houses for herself and her two sons , one of whom was also arrested last week .
In a pattern repeated in several Spanish towns recently , Pinilla 's arrest provoked indignation , directed not at her but at the courts and the police .
" She has done fine things for La Muela , " one local told the television cameras .
" People are just envious . "
Others were not so supportive .
" She has been making fools of us for 22 years , " said 42 - year - old Asunción Gimeno .
The magistrate investigating the case yesterday sent La Muela town councillor Juan Carlos Rodrigo to jail to await trial .
The same judge was expected to interrogate Pinilla today and decide if she , too , should be held in custody .
While it was the construction boom that accompanied the wind turbines which led to the arrest of Pinilla and other officials alleged to have demanded backhanders , the renewable energies explosion was already leaving a footprint of sleaze elsewhere in Spain .
A judge in the Canary Islands last week accused a former industry department chief , Celso Perdomo , of making millions of euros by selling secret information on land about to be earmarked for the wind industry .
Inspectors are also busy looking at a sudden boom in solar farms , where subsidies assuring a 12 % annual return on investment over 25 years sent Spain 's notoriously corrupt real estate developers into a frenzy .
In many ways those subsidies were a spectacular success .
In three years Spain built about 29,000 solar " gardens " , to become the world 's second - largest producer of solar power after Germany .
In 2004 it took three months to install 2 megawatts ; by 2008 the same amount was being installed every day .
The sector grew ninefold over two years , as stretches of countryside disappeared under shiny black panels .
" Entire boatloads of panels from China were being auctioned before they even got to port , " said one dealer .
Banks eagerly handed out loans .
" It became an instrument for speculators , " explained environmental expert Juanma Redondo .
" Solar gardens were being sold like pension funds .
It was a risk - free investment . "
Licences to build solar gardens or connect to the grid became Spain 's most sought - after pieces of paper , and backhanders and trafficking in licences soon started .
Clean energy is believed to have attracted dirty money , as the notoriously corrupt construction business sought ways to launder illegal earnings .
Information about plans to build connection points to dump solar power into the grid also became hugely valuable : land prices around these points multiplied up to 10 times overnight .
" Who got the licences ?
That is where the shadow of doubt appears .
There have been no public tenders and no transparent decision - making , " commented Luis Gómez , a journalist at El País .
A dozen officials at the regional government of Castilla y León , in north - west Spain , were sacked last year after giving licences to relatives .
Then José Joaquín Moya , the socialist mayor of Bigastro , eastern Spain , was arrested for allegedly selling licences .
When Spain 's National Commission for Energy decided to inspect 30 solar gardens , it found only 13 of them had been built properly and were actually dumping electricity into the network .
After exceeding its solar energy target 10 times over , Spain has slashed subsidies for future projects .
Despite the corruption brought by the boom , Spain is also reaping benefits .
On sunny days solar panels provide up to 5 % of the country 's energy needs .
Wind turbines like those at La Muela provide even more clean energy , allowing Spain to cover almost a third of electricity needs from renewable sources last month .
Turley : Rove testimony to likely be just part of a show trial David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday March 5 , 2009
Print This Email This Members of the Democratic Party " would love to have me barbecued , " jested Karl Rove .
The onetime top adviser to former president George W. Bush made the observation during a Thursday interview on Fox News , his occasional employer .
Yet just hours after the announcement that -- after three fruitless subpoenas -- Rove had agreed to testify before Congress , both Rove and constitutional attorney Jonathan Turley agree on one thing : the whole affair may end up a show trial .
Or , in Turley 's words , it could all be at best a deliberate , faux - drama " Kabuki dance , " he said Wednesday night on MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann .
Following news that Rove and former White House counsel Harriet Miers had agreed to testify in private , but still under penalty of perjury , came a sobering second blow : the deal had been reached not through Congress , but between a sitting president and his predecessor .
" [ Obama ] frankly does not want to fight this fight , " said Turley on Countdown .
" He does n't view it as something that 's important to him .
He 's focused on the economy . "
Turley assessed that the battle for Rove 's unfettered testimony " was going to put [ Obama ] in a direct fight with George Bush . "
" I do n't think Obama wanted to see that happen , " continued Turley .
" I do n't think George Bush did either .
And so , I think they both wanted a compromise and they seem to have gotten it . "
Turley said House Judiciary Committee chair John Conyers ( D - MI ) feels the compromise to be worthwhile because it is not uncommon for a witness to give a deposition before public testimony , and not only will Congress get to question Rove and Miers , but a new cache of Bush administration documents will be unlocked to them .
" Conyers does n't think he 's giving up much in all of this , " said Turley .
But , he added , " I think you 're going to find [ Rove and Miers ] saying the favorite phrase in Washington : ' To the best of my recollection , I have no recollection . ' "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Mar. 4 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Mike Sheehan contributed to this report .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
A farmer in Milwaukee is taking the green roof to the next level .
Community Growers ’ founder Erik Lindberg ’s rooftop garden is yeilding enough organic produce to launch a CSA .
[ Photo via Community Growers CSA wiki ]
It ’s really more than a rooftop garden , it ’s a rooftop farm !
Check out this interview with the farmer , including a little tour of the garden !
Locals can snag veggies from Community Growers at Outpost Natural Foods .
If you want to support what they ’re doing even more , they ’re selling 2009 CSA shares for $ 800 apiece .
That ’s a little steep for a CSA , but thanks to a green house , they ’ll be able to extend their growing season into the winter .
Typical CSA seasons do n’t include the winter months .
Find Your Local CSA
Not in the Milwaukee area but still interested in joining a CSA ?
Local Harvest ’s CSA finder has you covered !
You can search for all sorts of local foods from farmers markets to restaurants by city or by zipcode !
[ VIA ]
Campaigners against drug sniffer dogs say a death from a suspected overdose at Perth 's Big Day Out music festival on Sunday shows the police tactic is dangerous .
Friends of 17 - year - old Gemma
Thoms told police she took three ecstasy pills at once because she was scared she would be caught by the dogs .
She collapsed , was taken to a first aid tent and later died in hospital .
New South Wales Greens MP Sylvia
Hale has been warning governments for years this might happen if they use sniffer dogs at festivals .
" It just makes one incredibly sad , " she said .
" What do you say to the parents ?
" What do you say to the police or the state governments who have so consistently ignored the warnings ? "
Ms Hale says a 1996 report by the NSW Ombudsman criticised the use of dogs at music festivals , saying they are ineffective .
" They 're real PR exercises , trying to persuade the public at large what they 're doing is effective .
Whereas , indeed , it really is life - threatening behaviour , " she said .
But WA Police are making no apologies for the sniffer dog operation at Sunday 's Big Day Out , saying it was part of a harm minimisation attitude .
Premier Colin Barnett has also defended police actions .
" I do n't apologise for that , " he said .
" As tragic as this case is , it is sadly one further example of the devastating effects of drug usage .
" To young people in Western Australian I simply say , look what 's happening around [ you ] .
Look at the tragedy , the loss of life , people with mental health problems , inability to complete school , to study , to succeed in life and in their careers . "
An autopsy is yet to be conducted to confirm the exact cause of Thomas 's death .
ALABASTER , AL . --
A magnitude 3.8 earthquake has struck near Alabaster today according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
The quake struck around 5:25 a.m. today and could be felt all around Birmingham .
The quake 's epiccenter was 7 miles north of Centreville near the intersection of highways 5 and 219 .
The depth was 8.8 miles below the earth 's surface .
The earthquake was 25 miles southwest of Alabaster , 30 miles east southeast of Tuscaloosa and 40 miles south southwest of Birmingham .
No damage has been reported .
“ Sure , Arthur has made his share of mistakes .
But they get recycled all the time , and he rarely gets the credit he deserves for what he ’s done right , ” says his longtime friend Peter Osnos , a former Washington Post reporter and the founder of the publishing house PublicAffairs .
“ You ca n’t judge him solely on the basis of success , because no one in the business can claim success in the current situation .
You do have to give him credit for good judgment in anticipating the role of the Internet and his deep commitment to the values of the institution .
Arthur was talking about the impact of the Internet on newspapers earlier than anyone else in our industry , and the records show that .
So you have this strange kind of thing where you have the vision and you have insight , but you do n’t get the business side of it right — but literally , without exception , no one has .
Arthur has , however , re-invented the newspaper on several levels and positioned it for the future . ”
Nine years ago , in an entirely different economic climate , the industry magazine Editor & Publisher named Arthur Sulzberger Jr. Publisher of the Year , and he was hailed as “ brilliant ” and “ visionary . ”
His investments in satellite printing had pushed the national edition of the Times to unprecedented success , “ achieving a 20 percent advertising revenue growth … largely due to national and help - wanted business going gangbusters . ”
The mistakes he has made with investments and in adapting to new technology are the same mistakes made by every newspaper in America .
Most journalists consider Sam Zell , the billionaire who bought the Tribune Company , to be a Neanderthal for his wholesale trashing of the once proud Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times , and regard Gary Pruitt , chairman of the McClatchy chain , as a well - mannered and passionate defender of journalistic excellence .
Yet both are staring at bankruptcy .
“ Who has gotten it right ? ” asks one industry analyst .
“ Arthur has made some bad decisions , but so has everyone else in the business .
Nobody has figured out what to do . ”
In short , you can choose whichever take on Arthur you prefer .
As an old football coach once told me , “ Write whatever you want : if I win , you ca n’t hurt me , and if I lose , you ca n’t help me . ”
The publisher ’s reputation shifts with the wind , and today journalism is leaning into an exceedingly ill wind .
The Wrong Lesson
Arthur is still often referred to as “ Young Arthur , ” even though he is old enough to be a grandfather , or by the despised nickname that puns on his father ’s , “ Pinch . ”
Even as his locks gray and he nears almost two decades as publisher , he remains the prince - in - waiting who once haunted the newsroom in his socks , his trousers held up by colorful suspenders , peering in a harmless but nevertheless insufferably proprietary way over the shoulders of hard - boiled reporters on deadline .
“ I have heard him many times refer back to ‘ when I was a reporter , ’ ” says one former Times executive , theatrically cringing .
“ He ’ll just do it as a throwaway — ‘ When I was a reporter . ’
I will say this to him one day : Do n’t say that .
You know what ?
You do n’t have to say that .
Do you think it ’s giving you more credibility with journalists ?
It actually gives you less . ”
On the business side , according to one former associate , he was viewed with contempt .
“ They saw him as insubstantial , as flighty , as glib , and as not caring about them as much as he cared about journalists . ”
But Arthur has one big thing going for him , particularly with the reporters and editors who are the real stars in the Times building .
Arthur is motivated , as he himself says , not by wealth but by value .
He believes , to be sure , that wealth follows from value , but you can see , even as he says it , that the wealth part is not what drives him .
Journalism drives him .
The Times ’s reputation and influence drive him .
He is not just a newspaper publisher and a chairman of the board .
He is Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. , and the pride he feels in that name does n’t have anything to do with how much is in his bank account .
No matter what moves he makes , no matter what errors he commits , Arthur will remain every journalist ’s dream publisher .
He has long protected the newsroom from predatory managers with their bean - counting priorities , and today he represents its best hope , reporters and editors would like to believe , of weathering the crisis without the soul - killing budget cuts that turn great newspapers into little more than supermarket circulars .
The same people who roll their eyes when they hear him wax nostalgic about his years in the newsroom pray for him daily , because , like them , he completely buys the myth : Journalism sells .
Israel 's new foreign minister dismayed the international community today with a rancorous analysis of the peace process and an announcement that the new government favours aggression rather than concessions to the Palestinians .
In his first speech since taking office , the rightwinger Avigdor Lieberman dismissed the last round of Israeli - Palestinian negotiations , arguing that Israeli concessions made in a bid to secure peace had all been fruitless .
" Those who want peace should prepare for war and be strong , " he said .
" There is no country that made concessions like Israel .
Since 1967 we gave up territory that is three times the size of Israel .
We showed willingness .
The Oslo process started back in 1993 , and to this day I have not seen that we reached peace . "
Speaking to what the Associated Press describes as a roomful of " cringing diplomats " , the new foreign minister said Israel was not bound by the Annapolis peace talks .
These were initiated in November 2007 to solve the Israeli - Palestinian conflict and involved around 40 countries .
" The Israeli government never ratified Annapolis ; nor did [ the ] Knesset , " said Lieberman , promising to honour only the US - initiated " road map " of 2002 , which has long been in stalemate amid accusations from both sides .
Lieberman 's speech is in stark contrast to remarks made by the incoming prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , and the Israeli president , Shimon Peres , who both said the new government would pursue peace on every front .
During a recent visit to the Czech Republic , the Israeli president said the new administration had promised : " We shall continue the negotiations with the Palestinians .
We shall negotiate with each of our neighbours ... and see what can be done in terms of peace on the regional level . "
And a week before taking office , Netanyahu vowed to engage in peace negotiations with the Palestinian Authority .
Their comments came in reaction to growing international concern that the new Israeli government would not be committed to a two - state peace process .
In today 's speech , Lieberman was more amiable towards Egypt , which he described as an " important element in the Arab world " .
This is an improvement on a few weeks ago , when he said the Egyptian president , Hosni Mubarak , could " go to hell " .
Cortisol helps the brain respond to change Children with Asperger 's Syndrome may dislike change to their routine because of their different levels of the stress hormone cortisol , a study suggests .
The hormone is believed to make the brain more alert , and more able to cope with changes in the environment .
Writing in Psychoneuroendocrinology , researchers noted children with the autistic condition do not experience the normal morning " surge " of cortisol .
This may explain their need for routine and aversion to change , they suggested .
" Cortisol is one of a family of stress hormones that acts like a 'red alert ' that is triggered by stressful situations allowing a person to react quickly to changes around them , " said Mark Brosnan , a psychologist at Bath University .
We think this difference in stress hormone levels could be really significant in explaining why children with AS are less able to react and cope with unexpected change
Mark Brosnan
Bath University
" In most people , there is a two - fold increase in levels of this hormone within 30 minutes of waking up , with levels gradually declining during the day as part of the internal body clock .
" Our study found that the children with AS [ Asperger 's Syndrome ] did n't have this peak , although levels of the hormone still decreased during the day as normal .
" Although these are early days , we think this difference in stress hormone levels could be really significant in explaining why children with AS are less able to react and cope with unexpected change . "
Avoiding stress People with Asperger 's are usually more mildly affected than those with autism but they can nevertheless experience significant problems coping with daily life .
We have long known that anxiety is one of the key problems , and people use various coping strategies
Richard Mills
Research Autism
Often of average or above intelligence , they may perform well at school but have difficulties with communication and forming social relationships .
The team from the universities of Bath and Bristol hope their findings will improve understanding of the symptoms as a response to what the child sees as a stressful situation , rather than a behavioural problem .
Strategies can then be developed by parents , carers and teachers for avoiding situations which might cause distress .
" We have long known that anxiety is one of the key problems , and people use various coping strategies including cognitive therapy and small doses of anti-anxiety medicine , " said Richard Mills , research director of Research Autism .
" We welcome these conclusions because anything that furthers our understanding of the nature of this anxiety is very helpful indeed , " he added .
" We would now like to see similar work in adults . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( KW Group )
KW Group was establish in the year 1999 as a start up company with a vision to be a benchmark example for all construction companies with the intent to ‘ Krafting the World . ’
With this vision the young Engineering graduate Mr. Pankaj Kumar Jain started his journey to make vision come true .
Soon the real estate venture of Mr. Jain became a Private Limited Company surging forward to reach new heights step by step under the leadership of its Managing Director Mr. Pankaj Kumar Jain and Mrs. Savita Kesharwani as chairperson of the group .
The group started with Ware house construction projects and other commercial property for sale in Delhi & Delhi NCR and soon graduated to build High rise residential and convert commercial land for sale into commercial complex making its 20 years of journey phenomenal by huge accolades and awards from various private agencies and state government .
Prestigious awards have been received by the group for quality of construction and timely delivery of projects to customers .
Here 's a few photos of 102 Dwellings in Carabanchel for EMV in Madrid , Spain by Dosmasuno Arquitectos .
Photographs are by z.z
To contribute your Flickr images for consideration , just :
On Sunday , March 22 , two meteor showers will grace the dark evening sky – the Camelopardalids and March Geminids .
Would you like to learn more about what makes them special and why ?
Then let ’s head out into the dark …
We ’ll start first with the Camelopardalids .
These have no definite peak , and a screaming fall rate of only one per hour .
They do have a claim to fame however – these are the slowest meteors known – arriving at a speed of only 7 kilometers per second and activity has been historically recorded on this date .
Any bright streaks you might see belonging to the Camelopardalids will appear to emanate from the north .
While this might seem rather boring , any member of the Camelopardalids you might spot are anything but boring .
“ A search for parent bodies for 22 short - period meteoroid streams with an account of long - period planetary perturbations was carried out .
Five minor body complexes are found among short - period comets , Earth - crossing asteroids and meteoroid streams . ” say Y.V. Obrubov , “ There are ten members in the major complex : two comets , P / Schwassmann - Wachmann 3 and P / Pons - Winnecke ; four asteroids , 1984 KD ( 3671 ) , 4788 PL , 1987 SJ3 , 1987 PA … ”
So where does the stream for the Camelopardalids fit in ?
Try possibly asteroid Amor ( 1221 ) and / or asteroid Selevk ( 3288 ) as part of Complex 5 .
1221 Amor is the namesake of the Amor asteroids – a group of near - Earth asteroids whose orbits range between those of Earth and Mars .
Amor - types often cross
Mars orbital path , but not Earth’s .
However , on March 12 , 1932 , Belgian astronomer Eugene Delporte photographed Amor as it approached Earth to within 16 million kilometers ( about 40 times the distance from Earth to the Moon ) .
This was the first time an asteroid was witnessed so close to Earth and became our virtual wake - up call to potential hazards .
Not surpising , 3288 Selevk is also a planet crossing asteroid , too .
According to Obrubov ’s research there are 22 meteoroid swarms from bodies with orbital period of less than six years that could account for up to 104 meteor showers – 72 of which have been confirmed either photographically or by radar .
“ The Camelopardalids has a twin – the Gamma Aurigids . ” says Obrubov , “ We may therefore assume that the remnants of the parent bodies have been found for two more meteor showers .
The existence of complexes of minor bodies again raises the question of the possibility of the simultaneous existence of active comets and products of disintegration – meteoroid swarms and possibly asteroids of the Apollo , Amor and Aten groups … ”
So , now we have meteors possibly coming from an asteroid , but what about the other meteor shower that occurs tonight ?
That ’s right … the March Geminids .
These were first discovered and recorded in 1973 , then confirmed in 1975 .
With a much improved fall rate of up to 40 per hour , these slightly faster meteors will greatly increase your chance of spotting a shooting star .
Like the Camelopardalids , the March Geminds are slower than average – but what causes them ?
Let ’s turn to the work of Miroslav Plavec for an answer :
“ In 1947 , Whipple published new elements of the Geminid meteor shower , obtained photographically .
An extremely short period , 1.65 years , moderate inclination and considerable eccentricity together make the orbit of this shower an extraordinary one both in comparison with comets and with minor planets .
But , according to Hoffmeister , the existence of similar meteor showers seems to be indicated .
Such a short - period meteor shower as the Geminids presents new aspects in meteor astronomy .
Planetary perturbations are likely to play a great part in its nature .
The study of secular perturbations is especially important , both in investigating the connection with comets , and also from the observer ’s point of view ; for example , Adams ’ classical work on the Leonids . ”
So , when do you start watching ?
Just as soon as the sky is good and dark at your local time .
Use your own best judgement on where to loosely face based on the position of both Camelopardalis and Gemini at the time of your observation .
( For most northern hemisphere locations , I would simply suggest facing roughly north and focusing your attention overhead . )
Grab a friend , a blanket , a thermos… take your notes and a timepiece , too .
You can make an important contribution by observing when possible .
Since the shower was n’t reported until 1973 and confirmed by a high rate of activity 2 years later , scientists are n’t really sure if the Earth had passed through that particular particle stream until that time .
By observing and reporting , even to sources like Universe Today , you are providing an invaluable Internet record to help determine if the stream is genuine .
It the March Geminids truly are a viable annual shower , this trail might lead to an undiscovered comet .
If you wish to report your findings elsewhere , please visit the Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers ( ALPO ) and locate the meteor observing tab .
In these pages you will also find links to information from the North American Meteor Network ( NAMN ) , and other things to assist you like charts to understand the meteor ’s magnitude , the limiting magnitude of your location , and details for recording what you see and how to fill out an observation report .
While it ’s certainly true you may see absolutely nothing during an hour of observing , negative observations are also important .
This helps to establish if the March Geminids should be considered an annual shower or not .
You may also just happen to step outside at the right time and see a flurry of activity as well .
Just remember …
When opportunity knocks , you ’ve got to be there to open the door !
Is it a refuge ?
A clubhouse ?
What is this thing , this man cave ?
And is it dangerous ?
This is what the women folk may want to know .
For some men , it 's all too clear :
The man cave is sanctuary .
" When we 're married , we have to give up a lot of territory , then when we have kids , we give up more territory , " said Joe Stone , 40 , a minister in Thornton , Colo .
" We have this tiny area of territory that we 'll defend to the death . "
That 's the cave .
It 's often in the basement but sometimes in the garage among the garden tools .
And it 's trendy .
Turn on the television : DIY Network airs Man Caves , hosted by Jason Cameron and ex-NFL player Tony " The Goose " Siragusa , and HGTV will launch Man Land in June .
Reach out to friends , asking to speak with their friends who have a man cave , and wait for the responses to roll in :
From Columbia , S.C. : " I have one of those !
TV with cable .
Refrigerator .
Ping - pong table .
Hockey equipment .
We have n't had a car in that garage in years . "
From Dubuque , Iowa :
The man cave is where " my decorations or sports memorabilia actually get to be on display where no one else sees it , since it does n't go with the rest of the house 's ' decor . ' ''
From Anchorage , Alaska : " It 's where I go to unwind ( to watch movies ) .
It 's mostly subterranean ; no light gets in or gets out .
It 's the ' war room ' – we pay our taxes from down there . "
From Overland Park , Kan. : " We built a sports basement a few years ago that is the ultimate ' man cave , ' especially during football season .
It is outfitted with a big screen , full bar , fireplace , pool table , ping - pong table , book shelves , Wii and autographed footballs .
A buddy of mine has nicknamed it ' Nirvana . '
My 17 - year - old son has friends over nearly every weekend and they immediately head for the basement . ''
Then there was the young man at the Arvada , Colo. , liquor store who said his cave is the Barcalounger in his garage .
He does n't have a wife , but he does have roommates .
The need for his own domain was the same .
" The man cave is a place where they do n't have any ... social demands on them , " said Mark L. Held , a clinical psychologist in Greenwood Village , Colo .
The cave is where men are free from relating to people , from the " honey - do " list , from talking about their day with their wives .
It 's neither immature nor pathological , Held said , for a man to need this time alone – killing tanks on Wii or watching a ball game – and it can serve a marriage well .
Men who need time alone in their caves " are people who do n't find talking to other people as energizing , " Held said .
" They see it as a demand , as draining . "
Wives need not feel rejected if their husbands spend a few minutes in the cave every day , Held says , although there 's a big difference between minutes and hours .
Cave dwelling may be a sign of depression , he said .
" You have to come out of the cave , " he said .
" You ca n't live in it . "
Caves range from the bare - bones variety that includes a sofa and a TV , to the high - end one that boasts flat - screens and framed art .
Stone , the minister , is a staunch believer in " less is more . "
A well - heeled man cave misses the point of getting back to basics to lessen the stress load .
" They shine too much , " he said .
" There 's too much welcome in there . "
Stone speaks of " defensive perimeters " to maintain his sanctuary .
( He also plays a lot of the interactive war game " Call of Duty " in there . )
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" You have to learn the relative balance of filth , " Stone explained .
" If it 's too dirty it will affect your relationship with your kids and your wife . "
He keeps cereal bowls , a few empty beer bottles and some clothes lying around his basement cave – nothing too offensive .
He also tries to clean it weekly " so I do n't get sick . ''
His wife , Laura Stone , 38 , has come to terms with the unkempt room , he said .
" She navigates through it , " Stone said .
" I keep a trail open for her . "
Stone laughs at himself and what he believes is some primordial need .
" There is something , definitely , to this , " he said .
" After a long day of hunting and gathering , we want to go back to the safety of our cave . "
" If I could have a campfire in my basement , a spit and a good dog , I would be content for the rest of my life .
As long as the fire would also power my TV , my gaming computer , my surround sound and my ESPN Game Zone . ''
Like Stone , others allow family into their caves .
Todd Moshier , 39 , an account manager at a graphics design business in Columbia , S.C. , keeps a pink lawn chair in his garage - based man cave so he can watch SpongeBob cartoons with his 5 - year - old daughter , Laura Claire .
But he 's also got speakers so large they could double as furniture .
" I have the speakers that I was n't ' allowed ' to bring in the house wired up out there , too , " Moshier said .
" I can rock out . "
Yes , the man cave may also be a response to women 's tendency to do the nesting and decorating in the rest of the house .
" It goes back to the tree house , the clubhouse , the ' no girls allowed , ' " said Monica Pedersen , a designer on HGTV's Designed to Sell .
" I think it 's their adult version of that , and I do n't blame them for that . "
Get design tips for a masculine - charged space and check out Colin and Justin 's tips for manly bliss .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - Russia called on Saturday for a successor agreement with the United States to replace the START - 1 strategic nuclear arms reduction pact , saying this was a priority in ‘ resetting ’ their relations as Washington has urged .
Russia Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov answers reporters questions at a news conference after his address to the U.N. Conference on Disarmament at the United Nations European headquarters in Geneva March 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , addressing a disarmament conference after holding bilateral talks in Geneva on Friday with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , said :
“ We are prepared , as was suggested by our American partners , to “ reset ” our relations ...
Conclusion of a new legally - binding Russian - American treaty on strategic offensive weapons could become a priority step in that direction . ”
Speaking at a news conference later , Lavrov also called on Washington to take Moscow ’s concerns into account when it reviews plans to deploy a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe to counter nuclear threats .
Lavrov said that such a system would be seen by Moscow as a threat to Russia .
“ If a third positioning area in eastern Europe is actually created this would involve risks for the strategic interests of the Russian Federation .
We would have to take account of measures to alleviate this risk , ” Lavrov said .
“ At the same time , we would prefer not to move in this direction , ” he added .
Clinton , speaking on Friday , also set a priority in reaching a new agreement with Russia to replace the START - 1 ( Strategic Arms Reduction )
Treaty on reducing long - range nuclear weapons which was negotiated during the superpower rivalry of the Cold War and which expires in December 2009 .
Russia sees the treaty as the cornerstone of post - Cold War arms control and believes that letting it lapse without finding an adequate replacement could upset the strategic balance .
Lavrov , speaking at the disarmament conference , quoted President Dmitry Medvedev as saying a new agreement should limit not only nuclear warheads “ but also strategic delivery vehicles , i.e. intercontinental ballistic missiles , submarine - launched ballistic missiles and heavy bombers . ”
The Bush administration , which tried unsuccessfully to reach a compromise deal with the Russians on a START - 1 successor , said curbs should be on nuclear warheads only .
NUCLEAR -FREE MIDDLE EAST
Lavrov repeated a Russian call for the Middle East to be made a nuclear weapons - free zone .
“ The task to strengthen the nuclear non-proliferation regime in the Middle East remains urgent .
We consistently advocate this region to become a nuclear - weapon - free zone , and eventually , a zone free from all other types of weapons of mass destruction , ” he told the arms conference .
Israel is believed to have the Middle East ’s only nuclear arsenal , though it has never acknowledged such a program or ever testing atomic weapons .
The United States and some of its Western allies believe Iran is covertly developing a nuclear weapon under the guise of a peaceful power - generation program .
Lavrov , whose country has helped build a nuclear power plant in Iran , balanced his comments on the Middle East by saying that the non-proliferation treaty guaranteed members the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .
Lavrov also called for the “ weaponization of outer space ” to be prevented and urged U.S. President Barack Obama ’s administration to ratify a global treaty banning underground nuclear tests .
Clinton said on Friday that she wanted Obama and Medvedev to have a plan on a new strategic arms treaty before they meet at the G20 summit in London on April 2 .
Lavrov said the talks with Clinton had done more than create a positive mood , as the two had agreed in detail on which issues to work on , setting the arms treaty as the first priority , partly because it expires this year .
Lavrov also welcomed the Obama administration ’s willingness to tackle world problems jointly .
“ There is a growing understanding of the need for real collective steps on reducing tensions and creating new limitations in existing regimes in relation to nuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruction , ” he said .
When Greg Epstein arrived as humanist chaplain at Harvard University four years ago , just a handful of students would show up at his events , intended for nonreligious young people looking for a values system and a sense of community .
The school 's humanist chaplain , first installed on campus in the 1970s , had always taken what Epstein calls a " shy , retiring approach to his presence on campus . "
But not Epstein .
" The watchword now for young humanists and nonreligious communities like mine around the country is that we 're going to be loud and proud , " he says .
" The time has come to recognize that whatever you choose to call us nonreligious people , we are an integral part of society and culture . "
The message has found a receptive audience .
All 1,000 tickets to Harvard 's big annual event for secular humanists next month — a ceremony to present a humanist lifetime achievement award — have already been sold .
And Epstein can't schedule more events quickly enough .
" An enormous number of young people have left traditional religion behind , " he says .
" I 'm overwhelmed by the number of people coming to me . "
The phenomenon is hardly limited to the elite confines of Harvard Square .
In fact , Epstein and the nonreligious students he leads are part of the fastest - growing demographic on the American religious landscape : those who claim no religion whatsoever .
According to a comprehensive national survey released this week by the Program on Public Values at Trinity College , those identifying with no religious tradition , or as atheists or agnostics , account for 15 percent of the population , up from about 8 percent in 1990 .
" No religion " Americans are the only religious demographic that 's growing in every single state .
And in northeastern states like Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Vermont , and Maine , the " no religion " group has surged even more dramatically , shooting up 300 percent in the last 20 years and now accounting for a quarter or more of the population .
With as many Americans identifying as " no religion " as there are mainline Christians , Jews , and Mormons in the United States combined , the Trinity College survey has helped create a portrait of an exploding secular tradition that reveals commonalities beyond lack of belief .
It turns out that Harvard 's Epstein , 32 , is pretty typical .
The Trinity College report , called the American Religious Identification Survey , finds that 60 percent of the nonreligious are men .
They tend to be young , accounting for one in every three American adults under age 35 .
According to Trinity College Professor Barry Kosmin , a large chunk have baby boomer parents who came of age in the 1960s and wound up rejecting religion .
And Kosmin says that many of the 750,000 additional American adults who each year identify as having " no religion " are reacting to what he calls the " triumphalism and judgementalism of the Christian right . "
A full quarter of those identifying as " no religion " in the Trinity College report are former Catholics , many of whom were turned off by the church sex abuse scandals of the past decade .
That helps explain why the Northeast now rivals the Mountain states and the Pacific Northwest — whose frontier beginnings established rugged individualist traditions that resisted organized religions — as the most secular parts of the country .
" Despite the population growth , New England has lost 1 million Catholics " in the last decade , says Kosmin .
" The trend in the Catholic Church has been obscured by the large number of people from Latin America who've filled the pews as the Irish Americans left them . "
Other religious traditions feeding the " no religion " boom are Judaism and Asian religions like Buddhism and Hinduism .
While people who leave mainline Protestant churches often find new spiritual homes in evangelical or nondenominational megachurches , the Trinity survey shows that former Catholics , Jews , Buddhists , and Hindus are much more likely to abandon religion altogether .
Nearly half of " no religion " Americans come from Irish , Jewish , or Asian backgrounds .
Only a small minority of the nonreligious call themselves atheists or agnostics , but just 21 percent believe in a personal God , compared with 70 percent of all Americans .
" They 're the inverse of the rest of the American population , " says Kosmin .
" Three in four Americans want a religious funeral , but in this group , three in four do n't . "
The growth of nonreligious America has obvious implications for the religious traditions that the nonbelievers are leaving and also for the public square , where religious Americans have tried to reassert their influence in recent decades .
Roughly half of " no religion " Americans are political independents , with many fleeing the GOP since the rise of the religious right .
About 30 percent are Democrats , while just 12 percent are Republicans .
As their numbers grow and the stigma of being nonreligious fades , nonbelievers are beginning to raise their voices to combat the influence of religion in politics .
" I would n't have even called it a movement up to a few years ago , but more a club of the like - minded , " says David Niose , president of the American Humanist Association .
" But now we 're unifying people who are secular and humanists into a lot more of a defined demographic .
We want a place at the table . "
Read more by Dan Gilgoff .
Exodus of the resilient black crow follows flight of other wildlife from Iranian capital
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Tehran 's notoriously bad air pollution has long been a health hazard for its 12 million people , but now the toxic mix of fumes has sent a different set of residents fleeing – the city 's black crows .
Environmentalists say the hitherto pollution - resistant population of crows have fled in large numbers in recent days after air quality reached crisis levels .
Unregulated urban development has also destroyed the birds ' habitats .
The crow exodus occurred less than three weeks after high levels of carbon monoxide and other gases in the air drove off other species of bird , including nightingales and pigeons .
Experts fear the departure of the crow – long decried in Iranian culture as a symbol of bad news and gossip – could be the death knell for wildlife in Tehran , where many plants have already lost their smell and colour as a result of the polluted atmosphere .
Mohammad Bagher Sadough , the head of the city 's environment agency , said the crow exodus was a sign of a disturbed ecosystem .
Eventually the remaining bird species will also leave , turning the city into an urban desert of high - rise buildings and traffic jams .
" Pollution is not the only element in the flight of crows and others birds , but it is among the most important , " he told the Mehr news agency .
" Habitats have been destroyed and the perpetuation of bird life has become impossible .
" The continued existence of crows , particularly with the departure of other birds , had given us hope that wildlife could survive in the city .
With their migration that hope is fading and our concern over the destructiveness of urban environments has deepened . "
Dr Jamshid Mansouri , an Iranian biodiversity expert , said the birds would be forced to seek new habitats in rural environments , where they were threatened by predators and possible extinction .
" If the process continues , eventually no birds will be able to live in Tehran , " Mansouri added .
The polluted air is traditionally at its worst in winter , when a thick curtain of smog hangs over the city for days on end – frequently forcing residents to wear protective face masks .
On occasions the poor air quality has prompted the authorities to close schools and urge people with respiratory ailments to stay indoors .
The city council estimates that 80 % of the toxic gases are caused by cars , with large numbers of motorbikes compounding the problem .
A new report by Tehran 's Controlling Air Quality Company estimates that cars in the city emit 4,400 tonnes of pollutants each day .
"
Quote of the Day Archives
The more we do to you , the less you seem to believe we are doing it . " -
Dr. Joseph Mengele , Chief Universal Health Care provider
U.S. Army Private Witt ( AWOL ) is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company First Sergeant , Welsh .
The men of C Company , 1st Battalion , 27th Infantry Regiment , 25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese .
They arrive near Hill 210 , a key Japanese position .
Their task is to capture the hill at all cost .
What happens next is a story developing about redemption and the meaningless of war .
Regardless the outcome .
Written by Frank Liesenborgs
President Obama Must Include Single - Payer Advocates In National Health Care Debate
Statement of Sidney Wolfe , M.D. , Director , Public Citizen ’s Health Research Group , and James Floyd , M.D. , Researcher , Public Citizen ’s Health Research Group
Feb. 26 , 2009
This morning , President Obama announced he will create a $ 634 billion reserve fund over the next decade to provide a down payment for expanding health coverage .
The announcement comes a week before a White House health care summit that marks the beginning of the first serious effort to reform health care since the Clinton task force in 1993 .
The president wants this process to be open and transparent , with the goal of achieving universal coverage .
However , groups representing physicians , nurses , and consumers who advocate for a single - payer system of national health insurance have thus far been excluded from the summit .
Under a single - payer system , doctors , hospitals and other health care providers are paid from a single fund administered by the government .
The system would eliminate the wasteful spending and high administrative costs of private insurance , saving almost $ 400 billion annually .
This savings is enough to provide every American with the same high - quality care , including those who currently have insurance but still cannot afford medications and treatment .
If health care is a key to fixing our national deficit and providing the economic stimulus that we need to recover from this recession , it is unacceptable to ignore the only system that will provide true universal coverage .
If the only people who have input on health care reform are the lobbyists who represent the interests of insurance and drug companies , the final result will be a system that benefits the insurance and drug companies .
The Clinton task force on health reform made a similar mistake of excluding the voices of those who support a single - payer system , and the result was a complicated , inadequate reform proposal that catered to the interests of insurance companies and failed to garner public support .
At a time when public support for single - payer is greater than ever - more than 60 percent in recent polls - we urge President Obama not to make the same mistake .
He must include single - payer advocates in the health care summit next week .
Mega -Statue Of Chicken Plutocrat Lonnie “ Bo ” Pilgrim
The killing spree in Alabama fits a well - worn pattern of workplace - driven massacres that we ’ve seen since the “ going postal ” phenomenon exploded in the middle of the Reagan revolution .
In spite of the fact that these killings have gone on unabated for over 20 years , most of the country does n’t want to know why they ’re happening — least of all the people in power .
If we study the motive for Michael McLendon ’s shooting rampage Tuesday , which left 11 bodies across three towns in southern Alabama , and we look at the bizarre way that the causes of the shooting are being hushed up , you begin to understand why this uniquely - Reaganomics - inspired crime started in the United States , and continues to plague us .
But of all the inexplicable circumstances surrounding the murder spree , one of the oddest has to be the way Alabama authorities went from focusing hard on solving the shooter ’s motive to suddenly dropping the issue like a hot potato and running away from the scene of the crime , as if they did n’t like what their investigation produced .
On Wednesday night , investigators announced that they had discovered the motive , and they would reveal it to the world on Thursday morning .
Investigators close in on motive of Alabama gunman
by Donna Francavilla
SAMSON , Ala . ( AFP ) — Alabama investigators said they were closing in on a motive for the U.S. state ’s deadliest - ever shooting , in which a man killed his mother , grandmother and eight others before taking his own life .
The Alabama Bureau of Investigations said there had been “ very recent developments that we believe may direct us to a motive ” for the grisly rampage , but ABI was quick to dismiss earlier reports that a hit list had been found in the house of the gunman , identified as Michael McLendon .
But then something funny happened on Thursday .
Alabama investigators completely reversed themselves :
They were now claiming there was no way to find out the motive for the killings , and in fact , no motive ever existed in the first place .
“ There ’s probably never going to be a motive , ” Trooper Kevin Cook , a spokesman for the Alabama Department of Public Safety , said Thursday .
Even the list that provided so many obvious clues as to what sparked the shooting is now no longer the “ hit list ” or list of people who had “ done him wrong , ” but rather , “ the kind of list you ’d put on a magnet on the refrigerator door , ” according to Cook .
Which is odd , because just the day before , Cook told reporters , “ As to motive , what we do know is that his mother had a lawsuit pending against Pilgrim ’s Pride . ”
Why the bizarre about - face ?
We may never know , because Alabama investigators abruptly closed the investigation at noon on Thursday , sending home almost the entire team .
Nothing to see here folks , keep moving along .
This raises a new question :
What was it about McLendon ’s motive that officials wanted hushed ?
Or better yet :
What did Pilgrim ’s Pride do that could have incited a man described by all as nice , quiet and respectful to unleash a bloody killing spree ?
On the surface , the horrific details seem to suggest a straightforward case of a lone psychopath unleashed : Michael McLendon , 28 , shot and killed execution - style his own mother and four dogs , then set their bodies on fire before driving to other relatives ’ houses and killing them ; he killed a deputy ’s wife and baby , along with bystanders ; and like so many rampage massacres over the past 20 years , he ended his life inside of his former workplace : Reliance Metal Products , in the small town of Geneva , Ala .
Authorities say they discovered a list — presumably a hit list — of people and companies whom McLendon felt had done him wrong .
Popular culture tells us that the hit list and his grievances are themselves signs that he suffered from a persecution complex , like so many Charles Mansons .
No need to actually look into who was on that hit list and why — the mere discovery of such a list should be enough to indict him , case closed .
But nothing ’s solved , nothing ’s closed ; and if we ’re serious about understanding the “ why ” of this massacre , as everyone claims to be , then that list is the best place to start .
As with so many of these rage massacres from the past 20 years , the more you look at Tuesdays ’ killing spree , the more you see that the system we ’ve been living under since Reaganomics conquered everything has created all kinds of monsters and maniacs , from the plutocrats who ’ve plundered this country for three decades straight , down to the lone broken worker — McLendon — who took up arms in a desperate suicide mission against the beast that crushed him .
Michael “ Doughboy ” McLendon
So far we ’ve learned that McLendon ’s hit list names the three companies he had worked for since 2003 — Reliance Metals , which makes construction materials ; Pilgrim ’s Pride , the nation ’s number one poultry producer , where his mother also worked , until she was suspended from her job last week ; and Kelley Foods , a smaller family - owned meat - processing company from which McLendon apparently quit just last week .
Even more striking to someone who has studied these workplace massacres , it appears that McLendon was bullied and abused at work .
One clue as to why he ’d end his spree at Reliance , where he had n’t worked since 2003 , could be that he was trying to kill the source of the pain : workers at Reliance used to taunt him incessantly , giving him the nickname “ Doughboy . ”
Which basically means “ fatso ” and “ faggot ” combined : McLendon was 5 feet , 8 inches tall , but he weighed roughly 210 pounds .
Maybe it ’s just a coincidence , but “ Doughboy ” is the exact same nickname that workers at Standard Gravure , a printing plant in Louisville , Ky. , gave to a guy named Joe Wesbecker back in the 1980s .
Like McLendon ’s case against Pilgrim ’s Pride , Wesbecker also was locked in an ongoing labor dispute with his company , whose top shareholders had gone on an eight - year plundering spree , leaving little for the workers ; the government backed Wesbecker ’s case against Standard Gravure , and he “ won ” his dispute , but it was irrelevant .
By 1989 , the culture had changed , all power went to the CEOs and major shareholders .
Standard Gravure ’s senior executives ignored the arbitration rulings and continued to treat Wesbecker however they felt , slashing his pay under a different pretense , which would require a whole new round of arbitrations .
Joe “ Doughboy ” Wesbecker finally cracked : on Sept. 14 , 1989 , he unleashed America ’s first private workplace massacre , pitting aggrieved worker against vampiric company , borrowing from the numerous post office shootings that had erupted a few years earlier .
The result : seven killed , 20 wounded , and the death of the company that drove him to the brink .
And an unending string of workplace massacres by “ disgruntled employees ” ever since .
Next time any asshole calls a kid or a co-worker “ Doughboy , ” put the bully and the bullied on the top of your next Ghoul Pool list .
Bullying in the workplace , like bullying in the schoolyard , is only now being recognized as a serious problem , with devastating psychological consequences — and the occasional rampage massacre .
Conventional wisdom used to say that victims of bullying should “ deal with it ” since it was “ just the way things are ” ; nowadays , after all the workplace and school shootings , anti-bullying laws and codes are becoming increasingly common .
But let ’s go back to Pilgrim ’s Pride , the company that the Alabama investigator first named as the possible motive for the massacre .
You might have heard of Pilgrim ’s Pride before , not only because you ’ve bought their chicken , but because of the notorious undercover video shot in one of the company ’s chicken slaughterhouses in 2004 .
When you look back at that video , and you place future - rampage - killer McLendon and his mother in that environment , the gory , sadistic details take on new meaning :
PETA says its investigator witnessed workers “ ripping birds ’ beaks off , spray painting their faces , twisting their heads off , spitting tobacco into their mouths and eyes , and breaking them in half — all while the birds are still alive . ”
In one shot , workers jump on live chickens with their entire body weight , sending blood and innards splashing on the lens of the hidden camera .
Mostly , the workers appear to have been acting either out of sheer boredom with their jobs or out of anger with management , sometimes for making them work too many hours .
One sequence filmed on 6 April this year [ 2004 ] , shows workers amusing themselves by throwing 114 birds against a wall , their stunned bodies collecting beneath it .
At one point , a supervisor walks past and shouts “ Hold your fire ” so he can safely pass .
Once out of the way , he tells the workers to “ carry on . ”
So this is the vicious world that McLendon spent some two years working in , and his mother far longer .
The way the company treats its chickens is a good metaphor for how Pilgrim ’s Pride treats its workers , shareholders and American taxpayers .
In 2006 , Pilgrim ’s Pride , then the second - largest chicken processor in the world , made a huge gamble that will seem familiar to anyone who ’s been following the financial crash : the company borrowed hundreds of millions of dollars , leveraging itself well beyond its means , in order to acquire a rival company and become the nation ’s No. 1 chicken processor , slaughtering 45 million chickens per week .
That might have given the executives a nice , big hard - on , but it also meant they would have to come up with more money to pay for all that debt .
So the company did do what every post - Reagan company has done and gotten away with :
They made the workforce pay for the executives ’ mistakes .
That meant squeezing them for more work for less pay , or in Pilgrim ’s case , more work for no pay :
In August 2007 , the U.S. Department of Labor filed a lawsuit against Pilgrim ’s Pride accusing them of grossly undercompensating their employees .
That same year , 10,000 Pilgrim ’s Pride employees launched a class - action lawsuit demanding compensation for their work .
And this is where McLendon comes in :
In 2006 , the year of the acquisition , McLendon and his mother filed lawsuits and claims against the Pilgrim ’s Pride plant in Enterprise , Ala. , charging the company with illegally denying them pay for the time it takes for workers to get suited up for the dangerous factory lines , and the time to take the protective gear off .
Pilgrim ’s Pride had decided to stop classifying that time at the job as “ work , ” now that they had a bunch of Wall Street bondholders to pay off .
Other lawsuits also allege that the company forced workers to work overtime but only paid them regular hourly wages .
While all of this “ cost - cutting ” was ravaging thousands of workers at the bottom of Pilgrim ’s wage pyramid , at the very top , things were very different for chairman Lonnie “ Bo ” Pilgrim and his little pack of plundering wolves .
Despite the chairman ’s disastrous acquisition , which eventually brought the company to bankruptcy in December 2008 , and despite slashing the workforce ’s already - low pay , Pilgrim rewarded himself handsomely for a job well done : in 2007 , Bo Pilgrim paid himself $ 3.2 million and $ 2.1 million in 2008 for his work as “ senior chairman ” of the board .
Pilgrim ’s Pride also paid Bo $ 1.01 million for a contract with another firm he owns , meaning he signed on both dotted lines of the contract — a clear conflict of interest that is now the subject of a shareholder - fraud lawsuit .
There ’s more :
In 2008 , Bo Pilgrim directed Pilgrim ’s Pride to pay an egg - production facility that Bo owns $ 775,000 in rental fees ;
Bo ’s son , Ken Pilgrim , was paid over a half - million dollars in both 2007 and 2008 as “ co- chairman ” of the board ; another son , Pat Pilgrim , and a daughter , Greta Pilgrim - Owens , were paid a total of over a million dollars in 2007 - 08 by the Pilgrim - controlled board , and little Pat Pilgrim seems to have learned a thing or two from his father , earning himself an extra half a million dollars thanks to sweet contracts between Pilgrim ’s Pride and his other company .
The only reason we know about all of this corporate malfeasance — so typical in the post - Reagan economy — is because of a shareholder lawsuit filed last year .
Indeed , the trajectory of Pilgrim ’s wealth - plunder is a microcosm of what went on all across corporate America : first Bo Pilgrim squeezed all he could out of the workforce , and when they were squeezed dry , he fleeced his own shareholders , the unter - plutocrats , before finally crying “ bankruptcy ” and turning to the American government and legal system to protect him and his loot .
Thanks to the “ voluntary bankruptcy , ” Pilgrim ’s Pride is in a much better position against all the lawsuits against it .
In fact , it ’s in such a good position that the bankruptcy court even allowed Pilgrim family members to be hired back as restructuring “ consultants , ” on company pay .
And in case they were having revenue problems to pay Bo , Ken , Pat and the other vampires , the USDA handed Pilgrim ’s a contract worth tens of millions of dollars in January .
How did Pilgrim ’s pay back the taxpayers for this little bailout ?
If you ’ve read the news , you ’ll know the answer : A few weeks later , Pilgrim ’s Pride announced mass layoffs at three plants , devastating those communities .
Local reports in rural American communities complain of huge tax bills owed by Pilgrim ’s Pride left unpaid now that they ’re protected by the bankruptcy , multiplying again the number of ways that the Pilgrim clan are fucking rural America :
Suwannee County could be out about $ 2 million if Pilgrim ’s Pride does n’t pay its property tax bill , according to Property Appraiser Lamar Jenkins .
The biggest taxpayer in the county filed for bankruptcy protection Dec. 1 .
Now it ’s not clear when – or if – the bill will be paid .
“ It ’s certainly going to put a hurt on the budget of the county , ” Jenkins told the Democrat by phone Thursday .
Jenkins said the unpaid bill represents 7.4 percent of the money local schools get from property taxes ; 5.3 percent of county funds from that source ; and 8 percent of the money the Suwannee River Water Management District receives from local property tax revenues .
A spokesman for Pilgrim ’s did not respond to a request for comment .
If you ’re wondering what the Reaganomics concept of “ wealth transfer from the employee class to the plutocrat class ” looks like , this is it .
Multiply this story by just about every corporation out there today , and there you have America .
McLendon ’s killings holds few similarities to that other massacre that transpired this week in a school in Stuttgart , Germany .
One major difference between the Europe ’s and America ’s school shootings is that they happen all the time in America , with a frightening regularity , whereas they ’re still incredibly rare in Europe — two school massacres in Finland and two in Germany , all of them unusually bloody by American standards , but none of them appear to have sparked an unstoppable trend in Europe ’s schools .
That ’s what makes America ’s modern - day school shootings so unique — they happen so frequently and predictably ( and for every shooting you hear about , there are dozens of averted shootings , shooting plots , kids caught with hit lists and duffel bags , etc. , much of it covered up because they ’re minors ) .
This was exactly what the most famous school shooters , Columbine ’s Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , hoped for when they attacked their school : “ We need to fucking kick - start a revolution here !
We need to get a chain reaction going ! ”
But whereas they ’ve found a huge cult following among American kids devastated by a culture that coddles the bullies , pushes them to the limits to compete and succeed , and pumps them full of prescription drugs because mommy and daddy are themselves being crushed at the workplace — outside of America , Columbine ’s influence has been sparse , as a culture like Germany ’s is different from ours on so many levels .
For one thing , Germany is much more humane to its citizens than America is : its teachers are much more respected than in America , where “ people who ca n’t do teach , ” while all citizens have free health care and certain employee rights — like , for example , mandatory paid vacation time ( America is the only Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development country not to mandate paid vacation time to workers ) .
The difference between a common maniac ’s murder spree and crimes that result from intolerable conditions and injustices is that the maniac ’s killings take place in a kind of vacuum , resulting in shock but not widespread sympathy and an unstoppable ongoing movement .
In that sense , the two school shootings in Finland and the two in Germany do n’t seem to be anything like what we have here .
Which brings me back to McLendon .
Last week , Pilgrim ’s Pride suspended his mother , 52 - year - old Lisa McLendon , from her job .
Pilgrim ’s Pride wo n’t say exactly why they suspended her from her night shift , except to darkly note it was a “ very serious matter . ”
So serious , in fact , that they told her she could come back to work in a week if she “ resolved ” the matter to their satisfaction .
So again , what was she suspended for ?
This is where the corporate sadism gets surreal : According to one report , she was suspended for overstating her work hours on her time card .
In other words , given her lawsuit ( now no longer such a threat to Pilgrim ’s while it is “ restructuring ” under American courts ) , she very likely decided she could n’t wait for the courts anymore and decided to clock in her time spent putting on and taking off the required protective gear .
Suspending her in such a case would be a classic example of illegal corporate retribution against a worker with a labor dispute — but what can a small - town Alabama hick do , with so little money and only so much resources , against a many - headed corporate beast like Pilgrim ’s Pride ?
The fact that Michael McLendon had the names of so many lawyers written down on lists in a spiral notebook shows that he tried going the legal route , but I mean , really , who ’s fooling whom ?
You think a small - town Alabama chicken - plucker has a chance in hell of fighting these oligarchs in the courts ?
The lead attorney in the class - action suit against Pilgrim ’s Pride explained the dilemma this way :
“ What has been difficult for these workers , both because of the raids and that there ’s been a lot of press about layoffs at Pilgrim ’s Pride , a lot of workers are afraid of retaliation for coming forward , afraid of losing their jobs , ” [ Jenny Yang ] said .
“ We are trying to make sure people are aware federal laws protect them against retaliation for participating in the case . ”
But anyone who understands company - labor relations since Reagan knows that companies routinely flout these laws and retaliate at will , suffering at worst a minor slap on the wrist , usually getting away with it completely .
Now that the company is under bankruptcy protection , with the same Pilgrims running the show , what ’s the worst that would happen for punishing a lowly worker who made a claim ?
Another lawsuit ?
Yeah , right .
So now we can start looking at the “ motive ” that Alabama investigators first broke , then hushed up : Last week , Pilgrim ’s Pride suspended McLendon ’s 52 - year - old mother from her grim night - shift job as retribution for her demands to be paid in full for her work .
Almost the same time that his mother was suspended from Pilgrim ’s Pride , McLendon abruptly quit his job at Kelley Foods , a meat - processing company a few towns over .
Add to this another corporate attack on the locals :
In mid-February , Reliance Metal Products , the place where McLendon worked until 2003 and where he ended his killing spree , quietly started laying off its workers and pushing the lucky few who still had jobs into working longer hours .
You can glean some of the anger and frustration in unofficial forums , but there ’s little information in the official realm : According to a report dated Feb. 18 from a local TV station , WTVY :
Local Prefabricated Metal Manufacturer Lays Off Worker
At one time , Reliable Corp. , based in Geneva , Ala. , employed 800 .
We ’re being told by those who work there that fellow employees have been receiving their lay - off notices .
Reliable Corp. has been manufacturing prefabricated metal products for more than 50 years .
Over recent days , News 4 has received several calls from those who ’ve been laid off .
They have n’t been told if it ’s temporary or if it ’s a permanent job loss .
In one correspondence , we ’ve learned that those who ’ve been laid off will meet with a delegation of company and state officials early next month in Geneva .
Following the loss of a body - armor company late last year , Geneva Mayor Wynnton Melton says any loss of jobs for his city is tragic .
News 4 was unsuccessful in getting a statement from reliable officials in Geneva .
In the 1990s , Geneva lost more than 2,000 textile jobs as they went to overseas ’ countries .
At this time , we ’re not being told if the layoffs are due to the national recession .
We will continue to follow this story as details become available .
As the local news crew reported , it ’s almost impossible to find out any news about the layoffs because Reliable was keeping quiet .
You get some clues to the answer via the three lonely comments at the bottom of the WTVY story :
Posted by : Rudy Location : New York on Feb. 18 , 2009 at 4:28 p.m. —
My heart goes out to the layoff victims of Reliable Corp .
I found immediate advice and strategies in an iTunes app called “ Pink Slip . ”
It helped me know my rights and keep my head during and after the meeting with HR .
Posted by : Gwynn Location : Westville on Feb. 18 , 2009 at 7:56 a.m. — I have been laid off from Reliable .
I have not been informed of any meetings .
We were told that the layoffs were due to lack of work and that if work picked up , we would be called back to work .
If work orders did n’t , we would be terminated at the end of the month .
Posted by : RELIABLE WORKER on Feb. 17 , 2009 at 10:35 p.m. —
Company laying off employees and giving overtime to other workers is more of a losing battle either way you look at it !
Employees were told if they were called back by March 2nd , they would have a job , if not , they no longer had a job !
Cut out overtime and put people back to work , not only are you hurting your employees but the city of Geneva as well .
Loss of income is a loss of sales for the city .
Not many jobs in the city makes people seek new jobs elsewhere .
Makes you think we should have voted wet on the wet dry ballot .
That would have been a lot of tax money for the city , which is now being lost by loss of jobs !
What these commenters reveal is the same Reaganomics corporate approach at work as with Pilgrim ’s Pride , only scaled down in size .
Everywhere it ’s the same : the company only exists as a vehicle for the top half a dozen or so executives and major shareholders to plunder as many suckers — workers , investors , taxpayers — as they can soak .
We know a lot less about Kelley Foods , the last place McLendon worked before his killing spree .
Divorce papers from 2003 reveal that the wife of Charles Kelley , one of the principal owners , accused him of having “ engaged in domestic violence ” against her .
Watch Bo Pilgrim ’s insane vanity video
We also know that , like Pilgrim ’s Pride , Kelley Foods earns a substantial amount of money from American taxpayers : $ 1.36 million in food contracts with the Defense Department in just three years , 2005 - 07 .
For Kelley , that ’s a huge amount .
So now we can go back to the question of motive , a question that Alabama investigators are running away from : rapacious corporations that cheat their workers and plunder the company wealth , a systematic bullying that extends all the way down to the way workers treat each other , and the sadism in the way they treat the chickens .
It ’s a snapshot of a vicious law - of - the - jungle world , and yet it ’s just plain flat reality for most Americans .
Put in this context , McLendon seems a lot less like a maniac , and more like a victim of maniacs , who finally snapped and lashed out — killing many of the “ wrong ” people , although judging by his list and what authorities had said earlier , he had plans to kill the right people , too .
But this is n’t something Alabama authorities would want to expose :
It would pissing off a serious company which is in the middle of choosing which plants to close , and it would mean creating some very confusing and potentially dangerous sympathy for McLendon .
While much of the massacre details are a repeat of similar “ going postal ” attacks over the past 20 years , the way he killed his mother and family suggests that a new pattern is emerging to go with the Great Depression 2 : Now , killers take their families down with them .
In today ’s rampage , the shooter began by killing his mother and torching her home , then driving to where other family members lived and killing them , before ending it all at his former employer Reliable Metals .
This sequence strongly resembles a couple of other recent high - profile family slayings : one in Los Angeles , which left seven family members dead in January , and another in Ohio a few weeks later , leaving three dead .
In those killings , the shooter and his family were left financially devastated by the Great Depression 2 .
It ’s interesting that McLendon began his attack by taking out his family , but ended it attacking the source of the pain — inside the company premises , where he ended his life .
McLendon ’s family murders were a bit more complicated than those in Ohio and Los Angeles , however :
It appears that he was very careful and respectful with the bodies of his mother and four dogs after he killed them , placing the dogs at his mother ’s head and feet the way ancient civilizations buried their leaders , before setting their bodies on fire as if in a funeral pyre — as if he loved her too much to have her endure not only the aftermath of his planned attack , but a world in which she was constantly being crushed by a vampiric corporation , and a culture that nurtured such corporations .
On the other hand , he seems to have had genuine scores to settle with other family members across town , whom he shot on their porch — reports coming out indicate that a nasty divorce some years earlier had led to deepening disputes with this side of McLendon ’s family , suggesting that unlike his mother , they were killed for retribution .
For years , these shootings were considered “ random acts ” committed by people who “ snapped for no reason . ”
Now , hundreds of dead victims and a massive financial collapse later , we know better :
They ’re reactions against corporate oppression .
If the super - rich and the corporations constantly squeeze their workers of time , money and health , a few of their victims are naturally going to “ snap ” and fight back with guns .
Call it a small price to pay for looting everyone ’s wealth .
Will it end ?
With the current economic crisis , there ’s a chance the playing field might even out a little , that our culture might finally learn to stop humping the plutocrats ’ legs while they plunder us and instead start biting them to get our fair share .
Watch PETA ’s undercover video inside Pilgrim ’s Pride
LATE NOTE : Reader Doug sent a letter pointing out that Abu Ghraib model / scapegoat Lynndie England worked briefly at the Pilgrim ’s Pride plant in West Virginia but quit because she was too horrified by what she saw .
According to the American Prospect :
England noticed that unhealthy - looking chicken parts were being sent down the line .
She told her supervisors , but they ignored her .
Her sister recalls her walking over to her station and taking off her smock .
“ I said , ‘ What are you doing ? ' ” Klinestiver says .
“ ‘ We ’ve only been at work for an hour . ’
She said , ‘ I quit , ’ and walked out the door . ”
“ I did n’t like the way management was doing things , ” England explains .
“ People would take the good chicken off and put the bad chicken on .
Management did n’t care . ”
This article first appeared in Alternet .
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
Click the cover & buy the book !
A mystery electronic spy network apparently based in China has infiltrated hundreds of computers around the world and stolen files and documents , Canadian researchers have revealed .
The network , dubbed GhostNet , appears to target embassies , media groups , NGOs , international organisations , government foreign ministries and the offices of the Dalai Lama , leader of the Tibetan exile movement .
The researchers , based at Toronto University 's Munk Centre for International Studies , said their discovery had profound implications .
" This report serves as a wake - up call ... these are major disruptive capabilities that the professional information security community , as well as policymakers , need to come to terms with rapidly , " said researchers Ron Deibert and Rafal Rohozinski .
After 10 months of study , the researchers concluded that GhostNet had invaded 1,295 computers in 103 countries , but it appeared to be most focused on countries in south Asia and south - east Asia , as well as the Dalai Lama 's offices in India , Brussels , London and New York .
The network continues to infiltrate dozens of new computers each week .
Such a pattern , and the fact that the network seemed to be controlled from computers inside China , could suggest that GhostNet was set up or linked to Chinese government espionage agencies .
However , the researchers were clear that they had not been able to identify who was behind the network , and said it could be run by private citizens in China or a different country altogether .
A Chinese government spokesmen has denied any official involvement .
GhostNet can invade a computer over the internet and penetrate and steal secret files .
It can also turn on the cameras and microphones of an infected computer , effectively creating a bug that can monitor what is going inside the room where the computer is .
Anyone could be watched and listened to .
The researchers said they had been tipped off to the network after having been asked by officials with the Dalai Lama to examine their computers .
The officials had been worried that their computers were being infected and monitored by outsiders .
The Chinese government regularly attacks the Tibetan exile movement as encouraging separatism and terrorism within China .
The researchers found that the computers had succumbed to cyber - attack and that numerous files , including letters and emails , had been stolen .
The intruders had also gained control of the electronic mail server of the Dalai Lama 's computers .
" The investigation was able to conclude that Tibetan computer systems were compromised by multiple infections that gave attackers unprecedented access to potentially sensitive information , including documents from the private office of the Dalai Lama , " the researchers concluded in their report .
They have now notified various law enforcement agencies , including international groups and the FBI .
The news also comes as researchers at Cambridge University prepare to release a report today called Snooping Dragon , which looks at suspected Chinese cyber - monitoring of Tibetan exile groups .
The report is expected to detail the unexpected scale and sophistication of such efforts by a government against a private body .
Interviews with South African victims of ' corrective rape ' Action Aid and staff
The partially clothed body of Eudy Simelane , former star of South Africa 's acclaimed Banyana Banyana national female football squad , was found in a creek in a park in Kwa Thema , on the outskirts of Johannesburg .
Simelane had been gang - raped and brutally beaten before being stabbed 25 times in the face , chest and legs .
As well as being one of South Africa 's best - known female footballers , Simelane was a voracious equality rights campaigner and one of the first women to live openly as a lesbian in Kwa Thema .
Her brutal murder took place last April , and since then a tide of violence against lesbians in South Africa has continued to rise .
Human rights campaigners say it is characterised by what they call " corrective rape " committed by men behind the guise of trying to " cure " lesbians of their sexual orientation .
Now , a report by the international NGO ActionAid , backed by the South African Human Rights Commission , condemns the culture of impunity around these crimes , which it says are going unrecognised by the state and unpunished by the legal system .
The report calls for South Africa 's criminal justice system to recognise hate crimes , including corrective rape , as a separate crime category .
It argues this will force police to take action over the rising violence and ensure the resources and support is provided to those trying to bring perpetrators to justice .
The ferocity and brutality of Simelane 's murder sent shockwaves through Kwa Thema , where she was much known and loved for bringing sports fame to the sprawling township .
Her mother , Mally Simelane , said she always feared for her daughter 's safety but never imagined her life would be taken in such a way .
" I 'm scared of these people that they are going to come and kill me too because I do n't know what happened , " she said .
" Why did they do this horrible thing ?
Because of who she was ?
She was a sweet lady , she never fought with anyone , but why would they kill her like this ?
She was stabbed , 25 holes in her .
The whole body , even under the feet . "
The Guardian talked to lesbians in townships in Johannesburg and Cape Town who said they were being deliberately targeted for rape and that the threat of violence had become an everyday ordeal .
" Every day I am told that they are going to kill me , that they are going to rape me and after they rape me I 'll become a girl , " said Zakhe Sowello from Soweto , Johannesburg .
" When you are raped you have a lot of evidence on your body .
But when we try and report these crimes nothing happens , and then you see the boys who raped you walking free on the street . "
Research released last year by Triangle , a leading South African gay rights organisation , revealed that a staggering 86 % of black lesbians from the Western Cape said they lived in fear of sexual assault .
The group says it is dealing with up to 10 new cases of " corrective rape " every week .
" What we 're seeing is a spike in the numbers of women coming to us having been raped and who have been told throughout the attack that being a lesbian was to blame for what was happening to them , " said Vanessa Ludwig , the chief executive at Triangle .
Support groups claim an increasingly aggressive and macho political environment is contributing to the inaction of the police over attacks on lesbians and is part of a growing cultural lethargy towards the high levels of gender - based violence in South Africa .
" When asking why lesbian women are being targeted you have to look at why all women are being raped and murdered in such high numbers in South Africa , " said Carrie Shelver , of women 's rights group Powa , a South African NGO .
" So you have to look at the increasingly macho culture , which seeks to oppress women and sees them as merely sexual beings .
So when there is a lesbian woman she is an absolute affront to this kind of masculinity . "
A statement released by South Africa 's national prosecuting authority said : " While hate crimes – especially of a sexual nature – are rife , it is not something that the South African government has prioritised as a specific project . "
The failure of police to follow up eyewitness statements and continue their investigation into another brutal double rape and murder of lesbian couple Sizakele Sigasa and Salome Massooa in July 2007 has led to the formation of the 07-07 - 07 campaign , a coalition of human rights and equality groups calling for justice for women targeted in these attacks .
Sigasa and Massooa were tortured , gang raped and shot near their homes in Meadowland , Soweto in July 2007 , shortly after being verbally abused outside a bar .
Human rights and equality campaigners are hoping that the public outrage and disgust at Simelane 's death and the July trial of the three men accused of her rape and murder will help put an end to the spiralling violence increasingly faced by lesbians across South Africa .
Despite more than 30 reported murders of lesbians in the last decade , Simelane 's trial has produced the first conviction , when one man who pleaded guilty to her rape and murder was jailed last month .
On sentencing , the judge said that Simelane 's sexual orientation had " no significance " in her killing .
The trial of a further three men pleading not guilty to rape , burglary and murder will start in July .
In Soweto and Kwa Thema , women seem unconvinced that Simelane 's case will change anything for the better .
Phumla talks of her experience of being taught a " classic lesson " by a group of men who abducted and raped her when she was returning from football training in 2003 .
She says that " practically every " lesbian in her community has suffered some form of violence in the past year and that it will take more than one trial to stop this happening .
" Every day you feel like its a time bomb waiting to go off , " she said .
" You do n't have freedom of movement , you do n't have space to do as you please .
You are always scared and your life always feels restricted .
As women and as lesbians we need to be very aware that it is a fact of life that we are always in danger . "
A Facebook profile page is seen in a company handout image .
REUTERS / Facebook / Handout
ZURICH ( Reuters ) - A
Swiss insurance worker lost her job after surfing popular social network site Facebook while off sick , her employer said on Friday .
The woman said she could not work in front of a computer as she needed to lie in the dark but was then seen to be active on Facebook , which insurer Nationale Suisse said in a statement had destroyed its trust in the employee .
“ This abuse of trust , rather than the activity on Facebook , led to the ending of the work contract , ” it said .
The unnamed woman told the 20 Minuten daily she had been surfing Facebook in bed on her iPhone and accused her employer of spying on her and other employees by sending a mysterious friend request which allows access to personal online activity .
Nationale Suisse rejected the accusation of spying and said the employee ’s Facebook activity had been stumbled across by a colleague in November , before use of the social network site was blocked in the company .
DVCS and DAGs , Part 1
There are two kinds of people :
Those who tend to divide everything into two groups
Those who do not .
I am one of the former . :-)
There are two kinds of version control tools :
Those where the history is a Line .
Those where the history is a Directed Acyclic Graph ( a DAG ) .
Traditional tools ( like Subversion and Vault ) tend to model history as a Line .
In the DVCS tools ( like Git and Mercurial ) , history is a DAG .
The differences between these two models are rather interesting .
The Line model is tried and true .
History is a sequence of versions , one after the other .
To create a new version :
Grab the latest version
Make some changes to it Check it back in
People like the Line model for its simplicity .
It provides an unambiguous answer to the question of which version is latest .
But the Line model has one big problem :
You can only checkin a new version if it was based on the latest version .
And this kind of thing happens a lot :
I grab the latest version .
At the time I grabbed it , this was version 3 .
I make some changes to it While I am doing this , somebody checks in version 4 .
When I go to checkin my changes , I can't , because they are not based on the current version .
The " baseline " for my changes was version 3 , because that 's what was current when I started .
The Line model of history wo n't allow me to create version 5 as shown in the picture .
Instead , a Line model SCM tool will require me to take the changes which were made between version 3 and 4 and apply them to my version .
This operation is usually called a " merge " .
The result is that my baseline gets changed from 3 to 4 , thus allowing me to checkin .
This model is explained in chapter 2 of my SourceControl HOWTO as " edit- merge - commit " .
The obvious question is :
What would happen if we allowed 5 to be checked in with 3 as its baseline ?
Our history would no longer be a Line .
Instead it would be a DAG .
And why would we do this ?
The major feature of the DAG model for history is that it does n't interrupt the developer at the moment they are trying to commit their work .
In this fashion , the DAG is probably a more pure representation of what happens in a team practicing concurrent development .
Version 5 was in fact based on version 3 , so why not just represent that fact ?
Well , it turns out there is a darn good reason why not .
In the DAG above , we do n't know which version is " the latest " .
This causes all kinds of problems :
Suppose we need the changes in version 4 and 5 in order to ship our release .
Currently we can't have that .
There is no version in the system that includes both .
Our build system is configured to always build the latest version .
What is it supposed to do now ?
Even if we build both 4 and 5 , which one is QA supposed to test ?
If a developer wants to update her tree to the latest version , which one is it ?
When a developer wants to make some changes , which version should they use as the baseline ?
Our project manager wants to know which tasks are done and how much work is left to do .
His notion of " done " is very closely associated with the concept of " latest " .
If he can't figure out which version is latest , his brain is likely to just blue screen when he tries to update the Gannt chart .
Yep , this is a bad scene .
Civilization as we know it will probably just shut down .
In order to avoid dogs and cats living together with mass hysteria , the tools that use a DAG model of history provide a way to resolve the mess .
The answer is the same as it is with Line history .
We need a merge .
But instead of requiring the developer to merge before they commit , we allow that merge to happen later .
Somebody needs to construct a version which contains all the changes in both version 4 and version 5 .
When this version gets committed , it will have arrows pointing to both of its " parents " .
Order has been restored .
Once again we know which version is " the latest " .
If somebody will remember to reboot the project manager , he will probably realize that this DAG looks almost like a Line .
Except for that weird stuff happening between version 3 and 6 , it is a Line .
Best not to lose sleep over it .
What this project manager does n't know is that this particular crisis was minor .
He thinks that his paradigm has been completely challenged , but one day he 's going to come into his office and find this :
&@ # $ !
Now what ?
If you 're living in the Line model paradigm , this DAG is an absolute disaster .
It has FOUR leaf nodes .
Everything that needs to know which version is latest is about to completely fall apart , including the aforementioned product manager who is probably now in his office curled up in a fetal position and hoping that Mommy includes cookies with his SpaghettiOs at lunch .
The Line model is looking pretty good right now .
There 's a good reason why 99.44 % of developers are using an SCM tool built on the Line model of history .
( Yes , I made that statistic up . )
And yet , despite all this apparent chaos , we should remind ourselves of the primary benefit of the DAG model :
It more accurately describes the way developers work .
It does n't make developers bend to its will like the Line model does .
When a developer wants to check something in , he does , and the DAG merely records what happened .
Many teams will always prefer the Line model , and there 's nothing wrong with that .
Life is simpler that way .
But for some other teams , the DAG model can be really valuable .
And for other teams , the DAG model might be coming along simply because they want to use a DVCS tool for other reasons .
DVCS tools use a DAG because they have to .
If we can't assume a live connection to a central server , there is n't any way to force developers to make everything fit into the Line model .
So we need to figure out ways of coping with the DAG .
How do we do this ?
One way is to reframe every operation .
If you tell a doctor that " it hurts when I need to know which version is latest " , the doctor will tell you to " stop doing that " .
Instead , always specify exactly which node to use :
The build machine does n't build the latest node .
Instead , it builds whichever node we tell it to build .
Or maybe it builds every node .
node .
QA tests whichever build somebody decides they should test .
Developers do n't update their tree to " the latest " .
Instead , they look at the DAG , pick a node , and update to that one .
I 'm not saying this approach is practical .
I am merely observing that it is conceptually valid .
As long as you 're willing to specify which node you want to use , any operation that needs a node can proceed .
But how do we specify a node ?
One thing that makes this approach problematic is that these nodes tend to have odd names .
For example , in Git , the name of a node is something like e69de29bb2d1d6434b8b29ae775ad8c2e48c5391 .
Developers are going to find this naming scheme to be a little unintuitive .
All DVCS tools use a DAG .
And all these tools do various things to either prevent " the crisis of multiple leaf nodes " or to help the team cope with it .
But they all seem to do it a little differently .
Happily , this presents me with an opportunity to divide them all into two groups :
Those who handle this problem in ways that I like .
Those who handle this problem in ways that I do not like .
This blog entry is already longer than I thought it would be , so I 'm going to stop here and continue next week .
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission says it does n’t have the authority to prevent foreign radioactive waste from being imported into the United States .
The NRC wrote in an April 9 letter to Reps. Jim Matheson ( D - Utah ) and Bart Gordon ( D - Tenn . ) that the Atomic Energy Act does n’t distinguish between domestic and foreign waste .
The NRC says that as long as the material can be imported safely and someone is willing to accept it , the commission ca n’t keep it waste out .
Salt Lake City - based EnergySolutions is seeking a license to import up to 20,000 tons of low - level radioactive waste from Italy .
After processing in Tennessee , about 1,600 tons would be disposed of in the western Utah desert .
Matheson and Gordon are sponsoring a bill that would ban the import of low - level radioactive waste unless it originated here or was imported for a strategic national purpose .
Advertisement
They contend that the country should restrict space at its dumps to domestic waste .
The site in Clive is the only low - level radioactive waste facility available to 36 states , although EnergySolutions says capacity there is n’t an issue .
The company has agreed to limit the amount of foreign waste accepted in Clive to 5 % of its remaining capacity .
Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman has said he does n’t want the waste in Utah , but EnergySolutions is challenging in federal court Utah ’s efforts to ban it .
Matheson , Gordon and Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D - Mass . ) sent the NRC a list of questions asking what would happen if the court rules in EnergySolutions ’ favor .
All three serve on the committee that oversees the NRC .
Advertisement
The NRC declined to give an opinion on the case and said Utah is responsible for regulating the company ’s facility .
“ The NRC will issue a license to import low - level waste if it determines that issuance of the license would not be inimical to the common defense and security or constitute an unreasonable risk to the public health and safety and that an appropriate facility has agreed to accept the waste , ” the NRC wrote .
Last month , Freddie Mac introduced a pilot program designed to guide 5,000 homeowners with high - risk mortgages through the loan - modification process , but it outsourced the job to a subprime loan servicer with a history of customer dissatisfaction and run-ins with the federal government .
The Florida - based company , Ocwen Financial Corporation , is a publicly traded financial services company specializing in subprime loan servicing .
When asked why it tapped Ocwen for the job , Freddie Mac spokesman Brad German pointed to recent coverage in the New York Times and Time about " the good job that [ Ocwen is ] doing on the job we 're looking for them to do for us . "
He declined to say whether there had been a bidding process or how much the contract was worth , citing the information as " propriety " and referring further questions to the Federal Housing Finance Authority , which acts as Freddie Mac 's conservator ( PDF ) .
An FHFA spokeswoman declined to give ProPublica the contract details .
She said that Freddie Mac , which was seized by the federal government in September , is still run as a private - sector firm and not subject to federal procurement rules .
Freddie Mac will decide later this year whether to expand the program , and it may hire additional servicers for the job .
Ocwen has , in fact , had an impressive success rate with its recent loan modifications ; it said in December that its delinquency rate for borrowers with modified loans was 25 percent , far below the national average of 53 percent .
But its business practices have also drawn a wide array of criticism from customers , consumer advocates and the federal government itself .
Trouble With the Feds
Ocwen got a lucrative contract in 2003 to manage and sell thousands of foreclosed properties owned by the Department of Veterans Affairs , but a report from the Government Accountability Office in 2007 panned Ocwen 's performance and said the " VA also has not been satisfied with Ocwen 's performance " :
Ocwen racked up $ 1.3 million in penalties from the VA in the last three quarters of 2005 ( at the height of the housing boom ) for failing to meet sales targets .
There were other problems too : Ocwen charged the VA for home - upkeep repairs that were never made , the GAO reported .
Houses fell into disrepair and were covered in " trash and debris , " which the GAO suspects might have lowered property values .
Chairman of House Veterans Affairs Committee Bob Filner ( D - CA ) told the Palm Beach Post last January that he would recommend the VA not renew Ocwen 's contract .
" They obviously didnât do the job , " he said .
The VA transferred the job to Countrywide when Ocwen 's contract expired last year .
According to Ocwen 's general counsel Paul Koches , " Ocwen elected for business reasons not to seek a renewal of the VA contract ...
Ocwen has disputed the VA 's charges for sales target shortfalls .
We believe the charges are not fair in light of the precipitous drop in the housing market around the country . "
But that was n't Ocwen 's only run-in with the federal government .
In 2000 , Ocwen Federal Bank , a now - defunct subsidiary , paid $ 50,000 to settle ( PDF ) charges from HUD concerning various rule violations on its loan servicing .
Four years later , the Office of Thrift Supervision forced Ocwen Federal Bank to sign an agreement ( PDF ) promising to improve its compliance with fair - lending laws .
John Taylor , president of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition , cited those regulatory actions when criticizing the VA 's choice of Ocwen in 2003 .
" Why would you want , when you have a repeated history of problems , to expose VA housing to a potential predator ? " he asked in American Banker .
Ocwen 's Koches pointed out that there was " no fine , penalty or finding of liability " in either the HUD settlement or the OTS agreement .
He added , " Ocwen enjoys a good relationship with HUD , most recently confirmed by HUD 's reaffirming Ocwen 's highest Tier 1 rating . "
( HUD 's tier ranking system measures only servicers ' loss mitigation efforts ; of the 157 servicers ranked , 111 were in tier 1 . )
Customer Complaints
When Freddie Mac introduced its new program , senior vice president of default asset management Ingrid Beckles emphasized the need for strong customer service and phone counseling : " A workout strategy is only as successful as the number of knowledgeable counselors available to answer the phone , " she said .
But Ocwen has ranked last in J.D. Power and Associates ' survey of customer service at mortgage servicers for the last three years in a row .
Frustrated customers point specifically to its tortuous and unhelpful phone services .
Koches said , " We do not believe this survey is a fair representation of our customer service performance since Ocwen was the only subprime loan servicer noted in the survey .
Indeed , a customer satisfaction survey conducted by LoanSafe ( a nonprofit advocate for homeowners ) in 2008 ranked Ocwen in the top ten . "
But even in that survey , 64 percent of Ocwen customers indicated a high level of dissatisfaction with the company .
Ocwen did n't fare much better with the Better Business Bureau of Central Florida , which has received 520 complaints about Ocwen in the last 36 months and slapped it with an F , its lowest rating .
Koches said , " I believe the low rating by the Central Florida BBB is not accurate ...
True , there are occasional borrower complaints and we do take them seriously .
The numbers , however , are statistically insignificant given the large volume of loans we service , several million over the years . "
( As of Dec. 31 , Ocwen serviced 322,515 loans nationwide , according to the company 's most recent filing with the SEC . )
According to Jack Guttentag , professor of finance emeritus at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and founder of the " Mortgage Professor "
Web site , loan servicing is an industry ripe for abuse because there 's little financial incentive to provide good service :
The " customer has already been landed and has no place to go , " he writes on his Web site .
Guttentag told ProPublica , " I doubt that there are any servicers that have not been accused of predatory practices , but the ones you hear about the most are the independents -- those who service only and do n't originate loans [ like Ocwen ] .
The large originators like Wells , Chase and Citi can hurt themselves as originators by being aggressive as servicers . "
Ocwen has in fact been accused of predatory practices in a slew of lawsuits in the last few years .
Frequent allegations include that Ocwen falsely classifies timely payments as late , charges unwarranted fees and improperly starts foreclosure proceedings .
Koches denied those allegations , saying " Ocwen absolutely does not falsely claim borrower payments are late to start a foreclosure .
To the contrary , we do everything possible to avoid foreclosures . "
He also said , " The claims for unwarranted fees are inaccurate " and pointed to an April 2005 ruling in which a federal judge ruled that loan contracts signed by the plaintiffs authorized Ocwen to charge certain fees .
That case now consists of 72 consolidated suits against Ocwen in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois .
When asked about the 2005 ruling , Laura Schlichtmann , a lawyer for the plaintiffs , told ProPublica , " The plaintiff 's position is that the ruling is limited to the facts of the Soto case [ one of the consolidated cases ] and furthermore that it pertains to only one of numerous categories of disputed fees . "
Notwithstanding
Ocwen 's track record , many consumer advocates were quick to praise the company 's recent foray into loan modifications .
David Berenbaum , executive vice president of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition , which has been highly critical of Ocwen in the past , told ProPublica that Ocwen now leads the servicing industry with regard to loan workouts .
That shift signals what may be an unavoidable reality :
Those looking to fix the housing crisis will have to rely on loan servicers without sterling reputations , because there are n't many out there with them .
CONCRETE is one of the most commonly used building materials .
It is cheap , strong and easy to work with .
But , as a short walk through any city centre will prove , it cracks easily .
The cracking of concrete pavements is merely a nuisance , but cracks in roads , bridges and buildings are a hazard .
A way of making concrete that healed such cracks spontaneously would thus be very welcome .
And a team led by Henk Jonkers at the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands may have come up with one .
The way to stop concrete cracking is to bung up small cracks before they enlarge .
That process of enlargement is caused by water getting into a crack , then freezing in cold weather and thus expanding .
This freeze - thaw cycle , a common form of erosion of natural rocks , too , weakens a structure directly and also exposes steel reinforcing rods to water , causing them to rust .
When he began his research , Dr Jonkers knew that spraying mineral - producing bacteria onto limestone monuments is often an effective way to stop freeze - thaw in its tracks .
The mineral in question is calcium carbonate , the defining ingredient of limestone .
He also knew , however , that when applied to concrete , this technique had proved to be just as time - consuming and , indeed , more expensive than traditional repair methods using sticky , water - repellent agents .
That led him to wonder if the answer was to incorporate helpful bacteria into concrete from the start .
To find out , he and his team selected various mineral - producing bacterial strains that can handle the highly alkaline environment found in liquid concrete .
They added these bacteria , along with calcium lactate , an organic compound that such bacteria convert to calcium carbonate , to different samples and allowed those samples to set .
At various intervals , the team powdered the solidified samples , created cultures to test for living bacteria , and ran calculations to determine the number of bacterial cells that had survived solidification .
They also examined samples of the concrete for microscopic cracks and to see which minerals had formed .
As they report in Ecological Engineering , Dr Jonkers and his team found that the mineral grains which formed in the cracks of samples of concrete that had been seeded with bacteria were often as large as 80 microns across .
That would go a long way towards sealing those cracks and making them waterproof .
The equivalent grains in control samples were rarely larger than 5 microns across .
Unfortunately , this study also showed that the bacteria survive for only a few weeks .
Beyond that period , the concrete fails to heal .
But data from a second study , as yet unpublished , suggest that immobilising the bacteria in particles of clay before they are added to the concrete allows them to live for months , and possibly years .
The clay serves both as reservoir for the bacterial food and also as a haven for the bacteria while the concrete hardens .
If the process can be scaled up , it may be prove that the best way to preserve concrete is to infect it .
When the first Earth Day took place in 1970 , American environmentalists had good reason to feel guilty .
The nation ’s affluence and advanced technology seemed so obviously bad for the planet that they were featured in a famous equation developed by the ecologist Paul Ehrlich and the physicist John P. Holdren , who is now President Obama ’s science adviser .
Their equation was I=PAT , which means that environmental impact is equal to population multiplied by affluence multiplied by technology .
Protecting the planet seemed to require fewer people , less wealth and simpler technology  the same sort of social transformation and energy revolution that will be advocated at many Earth Day rallies on Wednesday .
But among researchers who analyze environmental data , a lot has changed since the 1970s .
With the benefit of their hindsight and improved equations , I ’ll make a couple of predictions :
1 . There will be no green revolution in energy or anything else .
No leader or law or treaty will radically change the energy sources for people and industries in the United States or other countries .
No recession or depression will make a lasting change in consumers ’ passions to use energy , make money and buy new technology  and that , believe it or not , is good news , because ...
2 . The richer everyone gets , the greener the planet will be in the long run .
I realize this second prediction seems hard to believe when you consider the carbon being dumped into the atmosphere today by Americans , and the projections for increasing emissions from India and China as they get richer .
The CIA revealed today that it had destroyed far more videotapes of terror interrogations than it had originally admitted , resuscitating a Bush administration scandal and increasing the pressure on Barack Obama to support a full investigation of the agency 's detention practices during his predecessor 's time in office .
Government lawyers acknowledged in 2007 that two videotapes and one audiotape had been destroyed .
But documents released today put the total number of tapes affected at nearly 100 .
" The CIA can now identify the number of videotapes that were destroyed .
Ninety - two videotapes were destroyed , " acting US attorney Lev Dassin wrote in a letter to a New York judge .
The controversy first arose during the lengthy trial of the September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui , in which prosecutors first denied , then conceded , that tapes had existed documenting the questioning of the al - Qaida operations chief Abu Zubaydah , and another unnamed detainee .
Michael Hayden , director of the CIA at the time , told his staff the tapes had been destroyed because they " posed a security risk " .
But the news prompted accusations that the agency might be destroying the evidence of harsh techniques such as waterboarding , which Hayden later admitted had been used on Zubaydah .
George Bush did " not remember being made aware " of the tapes ' existence , his press secretary claimed at the time .
The revelations emerged as part of a lawsuit in New York , in which the American Civil Liberties Union is using the US freedom of information act to demand more details of CIA interrogations .
The government 's letter says the agency is now gathering further information about the destroyed tapes , including what they contain and who might have viewed them .
" The CIA intends to produce all of the information requested to the court and to produce as much information as possible on the public record to the plaintiffs , " the letter claims .
Jennifer Daskal , senior counsel for Human Rights Watch , said the notion that the mere existence of the tapes might have posed a security risk was " utterly unconvincing " .
" It certainly looks as if the only reason [ for the destruction of the tapes ] was because they might be embarrassing and potentially even disclose criminal activity if they were ultimately released . "
The Obama administration has responded to calls for a broader inquiry into George Bush 's CIA by trying to change the subject , perhaps for fear of alienating those in the agency .
On yesterday ’s episode of 30 Rock , Tina Fey pulled off a hilarious Steve Jobs impression when trying to hype up TGS , the sketch comedy program the show revolves around .
Her presentation is a dead ringer for Steve Jobs ’ original iPhone introduction , and Fey even dons a black turtleneck in the process .
Check it out :
If you ’re outside the US , you can check the clip on YouTube here .
30 Rock sure does love Apple .
A good number of episodes this season have prominently displayed iPhones , and a few have shown MacBook Pro ’s as well .
Also , in a recent issue of Vanity Fair , Fey said that she uses her trusty ole Mac laptop to work on her scripts for the show .
By way of comparison , check out the actual iPhone introduction by Jobs below .
“ Hey kids !
Let ’s play “ The Glad Game ! ”
Well , it certainly has been an eventful couple of days .
Every 50 or 100 posts that I write , Hot Air , or Insty , or one of my friends on the left who run big blogs ( and yes , I am , in fact , a lefty plant just as so many of you suspect , ordered by my liberal overlords to pretend to be a conservative in order to sow confusion and distrust on the right ) , will link to something I ’ve done and down we go , into the rabbit hole .
I will let you in on a little secret ; if I knew in advance that a post of mine was going to get the kind of attention that was given my recent rant against Glenn Beck , I would not write it .
Unless you are brain dead or a disciple of the Marquis de Sade , exposing oneself to the kind of personal attacks on my character , my heritage , my intelligence , and alas , even the quality of my writing is hard on the ego not to mention an emotional downer .
Anyone who says it would n’t bother them is either lying or has never had it happen to them .
Anyone who thinks I write that kind of stuff for noteriety , or links , or so that I will get linked by big bloggers , or because I want to curry favor with liberals must also believe I have a S & M set up in my basement where I dress up in a black leather and dangle from a gibbet , all tied up , while my Zsu - Zsu alternates between tickling me with an ostrich feather and whipping me with a cat ‘o nine tails , making me scream at the top of my voice , “ Thank you , Ma’am , may I have another ! ”
Actually , do n’t knock it unless you ’ve tried it .
Really now , I write in near total obscurity and the fact that I write stuff like the Beck post fairly often and it does n’t get any attention is exactly the same result that I get with the 95 % or so of posts I write that most of my detractors would have no trouble agreeing with .
The point being , you never know as a blogger .
Maybe I should pay more attention to McCain ’s rules for how to get a million hits .
Ca n’t do any worse on my own .
Therefore , things are going to change around here .
From now on , no more bashing Glenn Beck .
After all , screaming on national TV to Obama “ Why do n’t you just set us on fire ” is just not criticizable .
It is the heighth of rational discourse .
Who am I to say otherwise ?
I ’m sure we can come up with a good explanation for Beck ’s behavior like , “ He was only kidding , ” or perhaps “ He forgot to take his meds . ”
The trick is , instead of criticizing or making sport of Mr. Beck , or other conservatives , or the Republican party , or conservatism , I am going to play “ The Glad Game ” and find something good and happy in every situation .
From now on , if I feel the urge to bash Limbaugh or other righties who speak for conservatives , I will play The Glad Game and find the good in everything .
No more piling on to curry favor with the left .
No more envious rants against people who make more money than I do and who have made a success of their lives .
No more being a tedious moron .
No more Miss Fowler .
No more elitism .
No more RINO stuff .
No more aping my liberal brother to whom I have shamelessly hitched my blog star and whose name I constantly invoke in order to feel important .
And no more attempts to get links from big blogs by deliberately being provocative , knowing that it will be a real career builder .
Only The Glad Game for me .
I will take note that Rush is a funny , smart , real conservative who is almost always right and who conservatives would do well to take whatever advice he offers .
I will wax poetic about Ann Coulter and her charm , her wit , her balanced critiques .
Same goes for Michael Savage , Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity , and all the other popular conservatives .
I see the error of my ways .
And this goes for anything I say about the GOP too .
No more dire pronouncements of electoral disaster .
From here on out , it ’s tea parties and triumph at the polls for me .
I promise to ignore polls that do n’t have Republicans sweeping to victory in 2010 .
And I will enthusiastically cover the tea parties that are going to change America .
I love this Glad Game .
I ’m warming to it already .
It ’s so much more fun when you simply follow the herd .
And if it leads over a cliff , so what ?
Since we ’re playing the Glad Game I would simply say I ’ve never jumped out of an airplane without a parachute before so going over a cliff will be an exciting , new experience for me .
And who knows ?
Maybe when we hit the ground , it will be made up of chocolate ice cream and marshmallows so we can come in for a soft landing and eat a lot of good sweet stuff at the same time !
It sure will feel good to be popular again .
Newswise —
Trees absorb carbon dioxide as they grow , providing cooling shade for people and buildings in addition to serving as habitat for birds and other wildlife .
But exactly how much can trees reduce an institution 's carbon footprint and save in cooling and other costs ?
The University of California San Diego , one of the nation 's greenest universities , discovered that the total effect of its 200,000 trees was a reduction of nearly 10,000 tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year , or 5 percent of its annual emissions .
The total annual savings attributed to the trees were $ 2.2 million .
With the April 24 celebration of Arbor Day , the positive impact of UC San Diego 's trees is heartening news for tree - lovers and institutions eager to trim operating costs .
The trees help reduce energy use by 12,886 megawatt - hours by consuming solar energy through the process of " evapo - transpiration " and by blocking winter winds , according to the study conducted for the Facilities Management Department at the university .
Through direct shade , the trees provide even greater energy - conservation benefits .
The forest study , conducted by Kelaine Vargas , an urban ecologist of Urban Ecos in San Francisco , is the latest component of UC San Diego 's multi- faceted sustainability and climate - change research initiatives .
Assessing and reporting the climate impact of urban forests is a new field and few comprehensive studies of individual urban forests have been completed .
UC San Diego was first named a Tree Campus USA by the Arbor Day Foundation in 2008 , and the campus marked the recognition by adding 100 trees to its urban forest , including sugar gums , magnolias , and Torrey pines .
The campus was one of nine across the country to be honored for promoting healthy urban forest management and for engaging the campus in environmental stewardship .
On this year 's Arbor Day , students and staff will plant sycamores , Torrey pines and Canary pines around campus .
" Trees , as the most dominant green element in any landscape , not only provide spatial definition , but also enhance quality of life by removing air pollutants , reducing energy consumption , facilitating erosion control , fostering community pride , and increasing property value , " said UC San Diego 's campus forester Samuel Oludunfe .
" Our urban forest encourages a safer and more sociable ambience , acts as a buffer against noise , supports a myriad of stress - reduction programs , and serves as an educational experience for students , faculty and staff , a living laboratory . "
The energy savings translate into a reduction in the amount of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emitted by UC San Diego 's state - of - the - art 30 - megawatt natural - gas - fired cogeneration plant .
That plant meets about 75 percent of the campus 's peak electrical demand while producing low emissions of nitrous oxide and other pollutants .
The urban forest sequesters another cogeneration - plant byproduct : carbon dioxide .
Together , these climate - change benefits result in a reduction of nearly 10,000 tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year , or about 5 percent of UC San Diego 's annual emissions .
The total amount of carbon dioxide stored in UC San Diego 's forest is 166,000 tons .
" In UC San Diego 's quest for environmental sustainability , it 's important to measure not only how much greenhouse gas you produce , but also how much you mitigate , " said Steve Relyea , senior vice chancellor for business affairs .
" We 're proud of the positive impact of our urban forest , and hope this study highlights for everybody the importance of creating healthy urban forests as a tool to fight climate change . "
UC San Diego 's 1,200 - acre campus overlooking the Pacific Ocean is a verdant sea of green .
Most of the university 's trees grow in a 112 - acre eucalyptus grove .
The remainder is a broad mix of 100 species planted along streets and around buildings .
In addition to cleaning the air , the campus forest traps and filters nearly 140 million gallons of storm - water runoff each year .
The total value of the benefit to air and water by the campus forest is $ 2.2 million each year , the report said .
UC San Diego 's urban forest provides other environmental benefits that are less easily quantified .
For example , when planted to shade parking lots , trees reduce evaporative emissions from cars that would otherwise contribute significantly to poor air quality .
Tree shade also helps protect pavement by reducing wear and tear on asphalt .
And the trees of the UC San Diego forest support a diverse ecosystem that is home to more than 100 species of birds , small mammals and plants , and serve as a wintering site for the monarch butterfly .
Computer tools used to measure the urban forest 's impact included a tree - carbon calculator developed at the U.S. Forest Service Center for Urban Forest Research .
Such accurate measures may eventually lead to urban - forest carbon offsets that could be bought and sold in a cap - and - trade system .
The California Climate Action Registry , of which UC San Diego was a founding member , recently developed a protocol to allow urban forest tree - planting projects to be registered for carbon offsets , and university campuses are one of the eligible entities .
This would bring an added incentive to create healthy urban forests .
UC San Diego is also a member of the Chicago Climate Exchange ( CCX ) , North America 's only cap - and - trade system for all six greenhouse gases ; CCX also offers a reporting mechanism for measuring forest projects .
" So far , no one has yet traded carbon offsets from urban forests in a cap - and - trade system , " said Kelaine Vargas of Urban Ecos .
" But it certainly could be done as soon as standardized protocols and measurements are adopted . "
UC San Diego is a leader in environmental sustainability and climate - change solutions , including sustainable energy development , energy efficiency in information technology , renewable fuels research , atmospheric and ocean research , green research and education opportunities for students , student activism , sustainable practices in housing and dining , green standards for new buildings , and leadership commitment to all of the above .
President - elect Barack Obama and congressional leaders plan to move soon to block the estate tax from disappearing in 2010 , suggesting the levy might outlive the " Death Tax Repeal " movement that has tried mightily to kill it .
The Democratic stance on the estate tax contrasts with Mr. Obama 's reluctance to press forward with his campaign pledge to raise income - tax rates on top earners , which he worries could have an adverse economic impact during a recession .
But ...
Sydney police are investigating the theft of 12 cars from a holding yard in the city 's south - west early this morning .
At around 6:00 am AEDT , a group of 13 men entered the Liverpool yard through the main gate and assaulted several workers , forcing them inside one of the cars .
They then stole some keys and took twelve cars , with a total value of more than $ 500,000 .
Police have set up a crime scene and are canvassing the local area .
The swine flu outbreak has been tracked back to cases beginning in February in La Gloria , Veracruz , Mexico .
April 2 Local media source Imagen del Golfo reported that state health officials recorded a 15 % increase in disease over an unspecified period in the highland areas of Veracruz , which includes La Gloria .
The increase was primarily due to higher levels of upper respiratory disease and gastroenteritis .
Specifically , officials noted an increase in pneumonia and bronchial pneumonia cases .
Health officials attributed the increase to seasonal climate changes .
April 6 Veratect reported local health officials declared a health alert due to a respiratory disease outbreak in La Gloria , Perote Municipality , Veracruz State , Mexico .
Sources characterized the event as a " strange " outbreak of acute respiratory infection , which led to bronchial pneumonia in some pediatric cases .
According to a local resident , symptoms included fever , severe cough , and large amounts of phlegm .
Health officials recorded 400 cases that sought medical treatment in the last week in La Gloria , which has a population of 3,000 ; officials indicated that 60 % of the town ’s population ( approximately 1,800 cases ) has been affected .
No precise timeframe was provided , but sources reported that a local official had been seeking health assistance for the town since February .
Update 3a
The Mexican government has now confirmed a that a case of flu in this town was the new strain of swine flu .
A Mexican village whose inhabitants were overwhelmed by an outbreak of respiratory illness starting in February has emerged as a possible source of the swine flu outbreak which has now spread across the world .
The state government of Veracruz in eastern Mexico has confirmed one case of swine flu in the village of La Gloria with the sufferer named locally as a four - year - old boy , Edgar Hernandez Hernandez .
The federal government said tonight that he tested positive for the same strain of the virus which has claimed lives in Mexico .
La Gloria is the town where Smithfield runs a massive factory pig farm .
The virus vector has been identified by Mexicans to be flies that live on pig feces in overflowing fecal waste ponds .
According to the swine flu timeline put together by a company called Veratect , who evidently map infection disease events for clients like the WHO & CDC : Residents [ of La Gloria , Perote Municipality , Veracruz State , Mexico ] believed the outbreak had been caused by contamination from pig breeding farms located in the area .
They believed that the farms , operated by Granjas Carroll , polluted the atmosphere and local water bodies , which in turn led to the disease outbreak .
According to residents , the company denied responsibility for the outbreak and attributed the cases to ‘ flu . ’
However , a municipal health official stated that preliminary investigations indicated that the disease vector was a type of fly that reproduces in pig waste and that the outbreak was linked to the pig farms .
It was unclear whether health officials had identified a suspected pathogen responsible for this outbreak .
Granjas Carroll is a subsidiary of Smithfield Foods .
According to the Smithfield Foods website , Granjas Carroll produced 950,000 hogs in fiscal 2008 .
Grist has picked up the story in the U.S .
My rough translation : According to one community resident , the organic and fecal waste produced by Granjas Carrol is n’t adequately treated , creating water and air pollution in the region .
I witnessed — and smelled — the same thing in Hardin County , Iowa , a couple of years ago , another area marked by intensive industrial hog production .
The article goes on to say that area residents have long complained of " fetid odors " in the air and water , and swarms of flies hovering around waste lagoons .
Like their counterparts who live in CAFO - heavy U.S. areas , they also complain of respiratory ailments .
Now , with 30 percent of the area ’s residents now infected with the virulent flu bug , people are demanding that state and federal authorities inspect hog operations there .
So far , reports La Marcha , the response has been : nada .
I have n't seen any mention of factory farms as the likely source of the swine flu outbreak in the U.S. " main stream media " .
North Carolina is the second largest producer of pork in the U.S. Pig waste has been a major problem here and under pressure by environmentalists Smithfield has improved sanitation here .
However , impoverished rural Mexicans have no power to stop unsanitary practices by Smithfield .
Apparently poor sanitation by Smithfield bears a major role in the development of this new strain of swine influenza in Mexico .
Update
Several expert commenters have pointed out the flies may have nothing to do with the flu virus evolving or spreading .
The " fly hypothesis " may be wrong .
However , another commenter correctly pointed out that flies or other intermediates are not needed .
Contaminated water is a known locus of viral genetic mixing for avian flu .
" The ducks , the ducks , the ducks are the key to the whole damned thing , " Webster once exclaimed to a Newsday reporter .
1271
Due to the growing industrialization and pollution of migratory aquatic flyways , wild ducks are landing in increasing numbers on these farmed fish ponds .
1272 The influenza virus found naturally and harmlessly in ducks ’ intestines are excreted in the water .
The chickens may drink the virus - laden water .
The pigs then eat the virus - laden chicken feces .
The ducks then drink the pond water contaminated by the virus - laden pig excrement and the cycle can continue .
The pond water ends up a " complete soup " of viruses , admits the head of the Hong Kong environmental think tank Civic Exchange .
1273
Dead ducks or chickens may also be fed to pigs , providing another potential route of infection .
This risky practice is not limited to Asia .
In the H5N2 outbreak in the United States in the 1980s , pigs raised under chicken houses in Pennsylvania and fed dead birds came down with the infection as well .
1274 Integrating pigs and aquaculture affords this waterborne duck virus a rather unique opportunity to cycle through a mammalian species , accumulating mutations that may better enable it to adapt to mammalian physiology .
Migratory ducks could then theoretically fly the mutant virus thousands of miles to distribute it to other ponds , pigs , and ducks across the continent .
Although there is concern that the virus could infiltrate the abdominal fluid or even the muscle meat of the farmed fish , 1275 the aquatic animals are largely thought to be innocent bystanders .
1276 Without the Trojan duck vectors , fish farming would n’t pose a pandemic threat .
Likewise , without the pigs , the fish farms would be no riskier than the thousands of Canadian lakes where ducks congregate and discharge virus into the water every summer .
Any spoonful of lake water from this " veritable witches ’ brew of avian influenza " ( as Webster puts it ) may contain virus , but as long as it stays between ducks , as it has for millions of years up until domestication , it poses no pandemic threat .
1277
Update 2
Smithfield tells press it found no flu in its Mexican hogs .
Smithfield Foods Inc. said it has not found any signs of swine flu in the company ’s hogs or employees at its joint ventures in Mexico .
Smithfield said its businesses in Mexico regularly administer flu vaccinations to its hogs and conduct monthly tests for the presence of swine flu .
The company , based in Smithfield , Va. , said in a news release that it is cooperating with Mexican officials in their investigation of the outbreak and will submit samples from its herds to the University of Mexico for testing .
Note : Flu vaccine has a significant failure rate in humans .
Flu vaccination does not prevent all humans or pigs from coming down with the flu .
Sick , unhealthy pigs living in fetid conditions - see Ellinoriannes diary - with compromised immune systems would be subject to vaccine failure .
Update 3 .
Now the Guardian is reporting that the Mexican government has sprayed for flies and has named the flies as a likely disease vector .
Scientific support for the fly theory may be sketchy but this is the news .
More than 300 women showed up to compete to become a New England Patriots cheerleader at the Dana Farber Field House on Saturday February 28 , 2009 .
( Globe Staff Photo / Essdras M Suarez )
In a world filled with crazy sink designs , the Abisko sink from Eumar just might be the craziest .
Seriously , I want to ride this thing .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
If you are less about waterparks and more about peaceful zen gardens , the Abisko also evokes the feeling of a gently flowing stream — complete with waterfalls .
So far , there is no word on pricing — but it is safe to say that this will set you back some serious cash .
Hopefully , they will make a matching urinal version .
Now THAT would be something ( truly horrible ) .
[ Eumar via Trendir via DVICE ]
Information
Filename : SNC00033 [ 1 ] .
jpg
Size : 1280x960
Uploaded : 2009-03-27
Popular tags on the site
family death_note 1nsane stephy jessica magic invasion cat ka_series_l hr_giger ryushin_14 chubby ebooks dubai ryushin_09 spain ranma soepkip wallpaper 1999 mariage paintball cheerleader ryushin_15 renee falco cia yuko bonton comic rwpeuro2006 himos emma bier rippenspreizer krystal avril shevington dilbert megaten giger glastonbury manga rx7 sprites donnamodelo.com fxc forza smashing
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Written by Luke , drawn by Cedric Atizado of Familiar Ground which has a talking frog , what more could you want ?
Some guys just have no idea how to act when they are rich
The world ’s richest man lives in Omaha , Nebraska in a 6,000 - square - foot gray stucco house he bought in 1958 for $ 31,500 .
More photos after the jump .
Another shot of Warren Buffet ’s Home
Bill Gate ’s Home
Despite phasing out of his day job to focus on his philanthropic foundation , Gates remains true to his roots in Washington , where Microsoft is headquartered and where he lives with wife , Melinda .
His 66,000 - square - foot home is built into a hillside on the edge of Lake Washington , near Seattle .
It includes a 60 - foot swimming pool with an underwater music system , a domed library with two “ secret ” bookcase doors and a 1,000 - square - foot dining room .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Marijuana Myths
1. Marijuana causes brain damage
The tests that yielded such an answer were biased and performed on an improperly small test group of four monkeys .
Later tests showed no adverse effects or damage to heavy marijuana users .
The same year the AMA endorsed the legalization of marijuana .
2. Marijuana damages the reproductive system
The test subjects were dosed with near fatal amounts of the active ingredient in marijuana ( THC ) many died from the dosage .
Those that lived did experience infertility for a general period of around 30 days .
3. Marijuana is a " gateway " drug - it leads to hard drugs
If our own states and other countries are any real life example … we can see that where marijuana is illegal it correlates to higher hard drug use .
Where marijuana is legal hard drugs and alcohol use decline .
Perhaps one can see the correlation as those willing to break the law to try one thing , find marijuana and are more likely to think the next is also worth a try …
4. Marijuana suppresses the immune system
Where it has been tested on humans , we have found their immune systems un - touched or improved .
The animals tested on initially were part of studies much like those in number two .
5. Marijuana is much more dangerous than tobacco Marijuana is equally as dangerous as tobacco when smoked unfiltered , they contain similar amounts of carcinogens .
Water pipes / bongs filter much of these out , while other marijuana drinks and foods avoid the harmful effects entirely .
6. Legal marijuana would cause carnage on the highways
The study that found this ‘ fact ’ correlated marijuana users and fatal accidents involving someone intoxicated on marijuana to alcohol users and fatal accidents involving intoxicated alcohol users .
The study found similar stats .
But , of the marijuana fatal accidents 85 % were found to be intoxicated on both marijuana and alcohol .
Some test even suggest a drop in fatal accidents correlated to steps toward decriminalization .
7. Marijuana " flattens " human brainwaves
This was a hoax orchestrated by the people who geek out so many stoners …
Partnership for a Drug Free America …
In fact the state of relaxation induced is related to creativity and meditative states .
8. Marijuana is more potent today than in the past
The test were conducted in such a way to have the stats say what was wanted .
In actuality our marijuana is far less potent than it was … when it was a product of drug companies .
9. Marijuana impairs short - term memory
This is true , while intoxicated .
When the drug wears off the subjects memory functions normally .
10 . Marijuana lingers in the body like DDT
As would any chemical which is fat solvent … of which I ’m sure there are hundreds of thousands .
11 . There are over a thousand chemicals in marijuana smoke Many things we consume and find no harm in also contain a mixture of many chemicals .
Chemicals are not bad , chemicals are chemicals .
12 . No one has ever died of a marijuana overdose
The fatal dose of marijuana is calculated at over 40,000 x the intoxicated dose .
So if one bowl gets you high , you need to smoke 39,999 more in a short span of time to commit suicide … pricey eh ?
Alcohol is fatal at around 4 to 10 x the effective dose .
So be weary , if you try to commit suicide with marijuana you might wake up the next day with a stomach ache and no food in the house not wonder what happened .
There is a reason that Marijuana has been used by humans for nearly all of our cultural past … it was not until the very recent past that marijuana was fear mongered through missinformation as it is today .
Other Cannabis related factoidz :
Should Marijuana be Iligal ?
Marijuana and Paranoia
It 's one thing to stage a fake marriage proposal in front of tens of thousands at Yankee Stadium , but getting 18 K + to work in concert is much more impressive .
During last night 's Wake - MD game , College Humor 's Streeter pulled off one of the more amazing pranks on his friend Amir .
Here 's the clip ....
See , we Marylanders are fun-loving , wonderful people !
I do n't care what Duke fans say .
So what you get hit in the head with a D - Cell battery once .... or seven times ?
deleted file mode 100644
index bf1a7d691f0..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/Makefile b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/Makefiledeleted file mode 100644index bf1a7d691f0..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/Makefile +++ /dev/null @@ - 1,23 +0,0 @@ - TOP = ../../../../../.. - include $ ( TOP ) / configs / current - - LIBNAME = inteldrm - -C_SOURCES = \ - intel_be_batchbuffer.c \ - intel_be_context.c \ - intel_be_device.c \ - ws_dri_bufmgr.c \ - ws_dri_drmpool.c \ - ws_dri_fencemgr.c \ - ws_dri_mallocpool.c \ - ws_dri_slabpool.c - - - include ./Makefile.template - -DRIVER_DEFINES
= $( shell pkg-config libdrm -- cflags \ - && pkg-config libdrm -- atleast - version =2.3.1 \ - && echo " - DDRM_VBLANK_FLIP=DRM_VBLANK_FLIP
" ) - symlinks : -
deleted file mode 100644
index 02ed363a435..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/Makefile.template
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/Makefile.templatedeleted file mode 100644index 02ed363a435..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/Makefile.template
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,64 +0,0 @@ -# -*- makefile-*- - - -#
We still have a dependency on the " dri " buffer manager .
Most likely -# the interface can be reused in non -dri environments , and also as a -# frontend to simpler memory managers .
-# -COMMON_SOURCES = - -OBJECTS = $( C_SOURCES:.c=.o ) \ - $ ( CPP_SOURCES:.cpp=.o ) \ - $ ( ASM_SOURCES :.S=.o ) - - -### Include directories -INCLUDES = \ - - I. \ - - I$( TOP ) /src/gallium / include \ - - I$( TOP )/src/gallium/auxiliary \ - - I$( TOP ) /src/gallium / drivers \ - - I$( TOP ) / include \ - $( DRIVER_INCLUDES ) - - -##### RULES ##### - -.c.o : - $ ( CC ) -c $ ( INCLUDES ) $ ( CFLAGS ) $( DRIVER_DEFINES ) $< -o $ @ - -.cpp.o : - $ ( CXX ) -c $ ( INCLUDES ) $ ( CXXFLAGS ) $( DRIVER_DEFINES ) $< -o $@ - -.S.o : - $ ( CC ) -c $ ( INCLUDES ) $ ( CFLAGS ) $( DRIVER_DEFINES ) $< -o $ @ - - -##### TARGETS ##### - - default : depend symlinks $ ( LIBNAME ) - - -$( LIBNAME ) : $ ( OBJECTS ) Makefile Makefile.template - $ ( TOP ) /bin/mklib -o $ @ - static $ ( OBJECTS ) $( DRIVER_LIBS ) - - - depend : $ ( C_SOURCES ) $ ( CPP_SOURCES ) $ ( ASM_SOURCES ) $ ( SYMLINKS ) - rm -f depend - touch depend - $ ( MKDEP ) $( MKDEP_OPTIONS ) $( DRIVER_DEFINES ) $ ( INCLUDES ) $ ( C_SOURCES ) $ ( CPP_SOURCES ) \ - $ ( ASM_SOURCES ) 2 > / dev/null - - -#
Emacs tags - tags : - etags `find .
- name \*.[ ch ] ` `find ../ include` - - -#
Remove .o and backup files - clean : : - -rm -f *.o */*.o *~ *. so *~ server /*.o $ ( SYMLINKS ) - -rm -f depend depend.bak - - - include depend
deleted file mode 100644
index bc13a5761ef..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_batchbuffer.c
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_batchbuffer.cdeleted file mode 100644index bc13a5761ef..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_batchbuffer.c
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,429 +0,0 @@ - -#include " intel_be_batchbuffer.h " -#include " intel_be_context.h " -#include " intel_be_device.h " -# include < errno.h > - -#include " xf86drm.h " - - static void - intel_realloc_relocs ( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch , int num_relocs ) -{ - unsigned long size = num_relocs * I915 _RELOC0 _STRIDE + I915 _RELOC_HEADER ; - - size *= sizeof ( uint32_t ) ; - batch -> reloc = realloc ( batch - > reloc , size ) ; - batch -> reloc_size = num_relocs ; -} - - - void - intel_be_batchbuffer_reset( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ) -{ - /* - *
Get a new , free batchbuffer .
- */ - drmBO * bo ; - struct drm_bo_info_req * req ; - - driBOUnrefUserList ( batch ->list ) ; - driBOResetList ( batch -> list ) ; - - /* base.size is the size available to the i915 simple driver */ - batch->base.size = batch -> device->max_batch_size - BATCH_RESERVED ; - batch->base.actual_size = batch -> device->max_batch_size ; - driBOData ( batch -> buffer , batch->base.actual_size , NULL , NULL , 0 ) ; - - /* - *
Add the batchbuffer to the validate list .
- */ - - driBOAddListItem ( batch -> list , batch -> buffer , - DRM_BO_FLAG_EXE | DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT , - DRM_BO_FLAG_EXE | DRM_BO_MASK_MEM , - &batch-> dest_location , & batch -> node ) ; - - req = &batch->node->bo_arg.d.req.bo_req ; - - /* - *
Set up information needed for us to make relocations - * relative to the underlying drm buffer objects .
- */ - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - bo = driBOKernel ( batch -> buffer ) ; - req->presumed_offset = ( uint64_t ) bo->offset ; - req ->hint = DRM_BO_HINT_PRESUMED_OFFSET
; - batch->drmBOVirtual = ( uint8_t *) bo->virtual ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - - /* - *
Adjust the relocation buffer size .
- */ - - if ( batch -> reloc_size > INTEL_MAX_RELOCS
|| - batch ->reloc == NULL ) - intel_realloc_relocs ( batch , INTEL_DEFAULT_RELOCS ) ; - - assert ( batch ->reloc != NULL ) ; - batch ->reloc [ 0 ] = 0 ; /*
No relocs yet .
*/ - batch ->reloc [ 1 ] = 1 ; /* Reloc type 1 */ - batch ->reloc [ 2 ] = 0 ; /*
Only a single relocation list .
*/ - batch ->reloc [ 3 ] = 0 ; /*
Only a single relocation list .
*/ - - batch->base.map = driBOMap ( batch -> buffer , DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE , 0 ) ; - batch->poolOffset = driBOPoolOffset ( batch -> buffer ) ; - batch->base.ptr = batch->base.map ; - batch->dirty_state = ~0 ; - batch->nr_relocs = 0 ; - batch -> flags = 0 ; - batch ->id = 0;//batch->intel->intelScreen->batch_id++; -} - -/*======================================================================
- * Public functions - */ - struct intel_be_batchbuffer * -intel_be_batchbuffer_alloc( struct intel_be_context * intel ) -{ - struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch = calloc( sizeof ( * batch ) , 1 ) ; - - batch -> intel = intel ; - batch -> device = intel -> device ; - - driGenBuffers ( intel -> device -> batchPool , " batchbuffer " , 1 , - &batch -> buffer , 4096 , - DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT
| DRM_BO_FLAG_EXE , 0 ) ; - batch -> last_fence = NULL ; - batch -> list = driBOCreateList ( 20 ) ; - batch ->reloc = NULL ; - intel_be_batchbuffer_reset( batch ) ; - return batch ; -} - - void - intel_be_batchbuffer_free(struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ) -{ - if ( batch -> last_fence ) { - driFenceFinish ( batch -> last_fence , - DRM_FENCE_TYPE_EXE , FALSE ) ; - driFenceUnReference( &batch->last_fence ) ; - } - if ( batch->base.map ) { - driBOUnmap ( batch -> buffer ) ; - batch->base.map = NULL ; - } - driBOUnReference ( batch ->buffer ) ; - driBOFreeList ( batch -> list ) ; - if ( batch -> reloc ) - free ( batch -> reloc ) ; - batch -> buffer = NULL ; - free ( batch ) ; -} - -void -intel_be_offset_relocation ( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch , - unsigned pre_add , - struct _DriBufferObject * driBO , - uint64_t val_flags , - uint64_t val_mask ) -{ - int itemLoc ; - struct _drmBONode * node ; - uint32_t * reloc ; - struct drm_bo_info_req * req ; - - driBOAddListItem ( batch -> list , driBO , val_flags , val_mask , - &itemLoc , &node ) ; - req = &node->bo_arg.d.req.bo_req ; - - if ( !( req - > hint & DRM_BO_HINT_PRESUMED_OFFSET ) ) { - - /* - *
Stop other threads from tampering with the underlying - * drmBO while we 're reading its offset .
- */ - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - req->presumed_offset = ( uint64_t ) driBOKernel( driBO ) -> offset ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - req ->hint = DRM_BO_HINT_PRESUMED_OFFSET ; - } - - pre_add += driBOPoolOffset( driBO ) ; - - if ( batch-> nr_relocs == batch -> reloc_size ) - intel_realloc_relocs ( batch , batch ->reloc_size * 2 ) ; - - reloc = batch ->reloc + - ( I915 _RELOC_HEADER + batch->nr_relocs * I915 _RELOC0_STRIDE ) ; - - reloc [ 0 ] = (( uint8_t *) batch->base.ptr - batch->drmBOVirtual ) ; - i915_batchbuffer_dword( &batch->base , req->presumed_offset + pre_add ) ; - reloc [ 1 ] = pre_add ; - reloc [ 2 ] = itemLoc ; - reloc [ 3 ] = batch -> dest_location ; - batch->nr_relocs ++ ; -} - -static void -i915_drm_copy_reply ( const struct drm_bo_info_rep * rep , drmBO * buf ) -{ - buf ->handle = rep -> handle ; - buf -> flags = rep -> flags ; - buf -> size = rep -> size ; - buf -> offset = rep-> offset ; - buf->mapHandle = rep->arg_handle ; - buf->proposedFlags = rep->proposed_flags ; - buf ->start = rep-> buffer_start ; - buf->fenceFlags = rep-> fence_flags ; - buf -> replyFlags = rep->rep_flags ; - buf->pageAlignment = rep->page_alignment ; -} - - static int -i915_execbuf ( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch , - unsigned int used , - boolean ignore_cliprects , - drmBOList * list , - struct drm_i915 _execbuffer * ea ) -{ -// struct intel_be_context * intel = batch -> intel ; - drmBONode * node ; - drmMMListHead * l ; - struct drm_i915_op_arg *arg , * first ; - struct drm_bo_op_req * req ; - struct drm_bo_info_rep * rep ; - uint64_t * prevNext = NULL ; - drmBO * buf ; - int ret = 0 ; - uint32_t count = 0 ; - - first = NULL ; - for ( l = list -> list. next ; l != &list -> list ; l = l-> next ) { - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - - arg = &node -> bo_arg ; - req = &arg -> d.req ; - - if (! first ) - first = arg ; - - if ( prevNext ) - * prevNext = ( unsigned long ) arg ; - - prevNext = &arg -> next ; - req->bo_req.handle = node -> buf -> handle ; - req -> op = drm_bo_validate ; - req->bo_req.flags = node ->arg0 ; - req->bo_req.mask = node->arg1 ; - req->bo_req.hint |= 0 ; - count ++ ; - } - - memset ( ea , 0 , sizeof ( * ea ) ) ; - ea->num_buffers = count ; - ea->batch.start = batch->poolOffset ; - ea-> batch.used = used ; -#if 0 /* ZZZ JB : no cliprects used */ - ea->batch.cliprects = intel-> pClipRects ; - ea->batch.num_cliprects = ignore_cliprects ?
0 : intel->numClipRects ; - ea-> batch.DR1 = 0 ; - ea->batch .DR4 = 0 ;(( (( GLuint ) intel -> drawX ) & 0xffff ) | - ( (( GLuint ) intel -> drawY ) << 16 ) ) ; -#else - ea->batch.cliprects = NULL ; - ea->batch.num_cliprects = 0 ; - ea->batch .DR1 = 0 ; - ea-> batch .DR4 = 0 ; -#endif - ea->fence_arg.flags = DRM_I915 _FENCE_FLAG_FLUSHED
; - ea->ops_list = ( unsigned long ) first ; - first -> reloc_ptr = ( unsigned long ) batch -> reloc ; - batch ->reloc [ 0 ] = batch -> nr_relocs ; - - //return -EFAULT ; - do { - ret = drmCommandWriteRead ( batch ->device ->fd , DRM_I915 _EXECBUFFER , ea , - sizeof ( * ea ) ) ; - } while ( ret == - EAGAIN ) ; - - if ( ret != 0 ) - return ret ; - - for ( l = list ->list.next ; l != &list -> list ; l = l-> next ) { - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - arg = &node -> bo_arg ; - rep = &arg->d.rep.bo_info ; - - if ( ! arg -> handled ) { - return - EFAULT ; - } - if ( arg->d.rep.ret ) - return arg->d.rep.ret ; - - buf = node -> buf ; - i915_drm_copy_reply ( rep , buf ) ; - } - return 0 ; -} - -/* TODO : Push this whole function into bufmgr .
- */ -static struct _DriFenceObject * - do_flush_locked ( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch , - unsigned int used , - boolean ignore_cliprects , boolean allow_unlock ) -{ - struct intel_be_context * intel = batch -> intel ; - struct _ DriFenceObject * fo ; - drmFence fence ; - drmBOList * boList ; - struct drm_i915 _execbuffer ea ; - int ret = 0 ; - - driBOValidateUserList ( batch -> list ) ; - boList = driGetdrmBOList ( batch -> list ) ; - -#if 0 /* ZZZ JB Allways run */ - if (!( intel->numClipRects == 0 && !ignore_cliprects ) ) { - #else - if ( 1 ) { - #endif - ret = i915 _execbuf ( batch , used , ignore_cliprects , boList , &ea ) ; - } else { - driPutdrmBOList ( batch -> list ) ; - fo = NULL ; - goto out ; - } - driPutdrmBOList ( batch -> list ) ; - if ( ret ) - abort ( ) ; - - if ( ea.fence_arg.error !=
0 ) { - - /* - *
The hardware has been idled by the kernel .
- * Do n't fence the driBOs .
- */ - - if ( batch -> last_fence ) - driFenceUnReference( &batch->last_fence ) ; -#if 0 /* ZZZ JB : no _mesa_ * funcs in gallium */ - _mesa_printf ( " fence error
" ) ; -#endif - batch -> last_fence = NULL ; - fo = NULL ; - goto out ; - } - - fence.handle = ea.fence_arg.handle ; - fence.fence_class = ea.fence_arg.fence_class ; - fence.type = ea.fence_arg.type ; - fence.flags = ea.fence_arg.flags ; - fence.signaled = ea.fence_arg.signaled ; - - fo = driBOFenceUserList ( batch ->device -> fenceMgr , batch -> list , - " SuperFence " , & fence ) ; - - if ( driFenceType( fo ) & DRM_I915 _FENCE_TYPE_RW ) { - if ( batch -> last_fence ) - driFenceUnReference( &batch->last_fence ) ; - /* - * FIXME : Context last fence ?? - */ - batch-> last_fence = fo ; - driFenceReference ( fo ) ; - } - out : -#if 0 /* ZZZ JB : fix this */ - intel->vtbl.lost_hardware ( intel ) ; -#else - ( void ) intel ; -#endif - return fo ; -} - - - struct _DriFenceObject * -intel_be_batchbuffer_flush ( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ) -{ - struct intel_be_context * intel = batch -> intel ; - unsigned int used = batch-> base.ptr - batch->base.map ; - boolean was_locked = batch -> intel->hardware_locked ( intel ) ; - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ; - - if ( used == 0 ) { - driFenceReference ( batch->last_fence ) ; - return batch -> last_fence ; - } - - /*
Add the MI_BATCH_BUFFER_END .
Always add an MI_FLUSH - this is a - * performance drain that we would like to avoid .
- */ -#if 0 /* ZZZ JB : what should we do here ?
*/ - if ( used & 4 ) { - ( ( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 0 ] = intel->vtbl.flush_cmd ( ) ; - (( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 1 ] = 0 ; - (( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 2 ] = MI_BATCH_BUFFER_END ; - used += 12 ; - } - else { - ( ( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 0 ] = intel->vtbl.flush_cmd ( ) ; - (( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 1 ] = MI_BATCH_BUFFER_END ; - used += 8 ; - } -#else - if ( used & 4 ) { - ( ( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 0 ] = ( ( 0 < < 29 ) |( 4<< 23 ) ) ; // MI_FLUSH ; - (( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 1 ] = 0 ; - (( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 2 ] = ( 0xA << 23 ) ; // MI_BATCH_BUFFER_END ; - used += 12 ; - } - else { - ( ( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 0 ] = ( ( 0 < < 29 ) |( 4<< 23 ) ) ; // MI_FLUSH ; - (( int *) batch->base.ptr ) [ 1 ] = ( 0xA << 23 ) ; // MI_BATCH_BUFFER_END ; - used += 8 ; - } -#endif - driBOUnmap ( batch -> buffer ) ; - batch->base.ptr = NULL ; - batch->base.map = NULL ; - - /*
TODO : Just pass the relocation list and dma buffer up to the - * kernel .
- */ - if (! was_locked ) - intel->hardware_lock ( intel ) ; - - fence = do_flush_locked ( batch , used , !( batch -> flags & INTEL_BATCH_CLIPRECTS ) , - FALSE ) ; - - if (! was_locked ) - intel->hardware_unlock ( intel ) ; - - /*
Reset the buffer : - */ - intel_be_batchbuffer_reset( batch ) ; - return fence ; -} - - void - intel_be_batchbuffer_finish( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence = intel_be_batchbuffer_flush( batch ) ; - driFenceFinish ( fence , driFenceType(fence ) , FALSE ) ; - driFenceUnReference( &fence ) ; -} - -#if 0 - void - intel_be_batchbuffer_data( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch , - const void * data , unsigned int bytes , unsigned int flags ) -{ - assert ( ( bytes & 3 ) == 0 ) ; - intel_batchbuffer_require_space( batch , bytes , flags ) ; - memcpy ( batch->base.ptr , data , bytes ) ; - batch->base.ptr += bytes ; -} -#endif
deleted file mode 100644
index f150e3a6745..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_batchbuffer.h
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_batchbuffer.hdeleted file mode 100644index f150e3a6745..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_batchbuffer.h
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,69 +0,0 @@ - -#ifndef INTEL_BE_BATCHBUFFER_H
-#define INTEL_BE_BATCHBUFFER_H
- -#include " i915 simple/i915_batch.h " - -#include " ws_dri_bufmgr.h " - -#define BATCH_RESERVED
16 - -#define INTEL_DEFAULT_RELOCS
100 -#define INTEL_MAX_RELOCS
400 - -#define INTEL_BATCH_NO_CLIPRECTS
0x1 -#define INTEL_BATCH_CLIPRECTS
0x2 - - struct intel_be_context ; - struct intel_be_device ; - - struct intel_be_batchbuffer -{ - struct i915 _batchbuffer base ; - - struct intel_be_context * intel ; - struct intel_be_device * device ; - - struct _DriBufferObject * buffer ; - struct _ DriFenceObject * last_fence ; - uint32_t flags ; - - struct _ DriBufferList * list ; - size_t list_count ; - - uint32_t * reloc ; - size_t reloc_size ; - size_t nr_relocs ; - - uint32_t dirty_state ; - uint32_t id ; - - uint32_t poolOffset ; - uint8_t * drmBOVirtual ; - struct _drmBONode * node ; /* Validation list node for this buffer */ - int dest_location ; /* Validation list sequence for this buffer */ -} ; - - struct intel_be_batchbuffer * -intel_be_batchbuffer_alloc( struct intel_be_context * intel ) ; - - void - intel_be_batchbuffer_free(struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ) ; - -void - intel_be_batchbuffer_finish( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ) ; - - struct _DriFenceObject * -intel_be_batchbuffer_flush ( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ) ; - -void - intel_be_batchbuffer_reset ( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ) ; - -void -intel_be_offset_relocation ( struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch , - unsigned pre_add , - struct _DriBufferObject * driBO , - uint64_t val_flags , - uint64_t val_mask ) ; - -#endif
deleted file mode 100644
index 1af39674f49..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_context.c
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_context.cdeleted file mode 100644index 1af39674f49..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_context.c
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,107 +0,0 @@ - -/* - * Authors : Jakob Bornecrantz < jakob-at- tungstengraphics.com > - */ - -#include " ws_dri_fencemgr.h " -#include " intel_be_device.h " -#include " intel_be_context.h " -#include " intel_be_batchbuffer.h " - - static INLINE struct intel_be_context * - intel_be_context ( struct i915_winsys * sws ) -{ - return ( struct intel_be_context *) sws ; -} - -/*
Simple batchbuffer interface : - */ - -static struct i915 _batchbuffer * -intel_i915_batch_get ( struct i915_winsys * sws ) -{ - struct intel_be_context * intel = intel_be_context ( sws ) ; - return &intel -> batch -> base ; -} - - static void intel_i915_batch_reloc ( struct i915 _winsys *sws , - struct pipe_buffer * buf , - unsigned access_flags , - unsigned delta ) -{ - struct intel_be_context * intel = intel_be_context ( sws ) ; - - unsigned flags = DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT ; - unsigned mask = DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ; - - if ( access_flags & I915 _BUFFER_ACCESS_WRITE ) { - flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE ; - mask |= DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE ; - } - - if ( access_flags & I915 _BUFFER_ACCESS_READ ) { - flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_READ ; - mask |= DRM_BO_FLAG_READ ; - } - - intel_be_offset_relocation ( intel -> batch , - delta , - dri_bo( buf ) , - flags , - mask ) ; -} - -static void intel_i915_batch_flush ( struct i915 _winsys *sws , - struct pipe_fence_handle ** fence ) -{ - struct intel_be_context * intel = intel_be_context ( sws ) ; - - union { - struct _ DriFenceObject * dri ; - struct pipe_fence_handle * pipe ; - } fu ; - - if ( fence ) - assert (!* fence ) ; - - fu.dri = intel_be_batchbuffer_flush( intel -> batch ) ; - - if (! fu.dri ) { - assert(0 ) ; - * fence = NULL ; - return ; - } - - if ( fu.dri ) { - if ( fence ) - * fence = fu.pipe ; - else - driFenceUnReference( &fu.dri ) ; - } - -} - - boolean - intel_be_init_context ( struct intel_be_context * intel , struct intel_be_device * device ) -{ - assert ( intel ) ; - assert ( device ) ; - - intel - > device = device ; - - /* TODO move framebuffer createion to the driver */ - - intel->base.batch_get = intel_i915_batch_get ; - intel->base.batch_reloc = intel_i915_batch_reloc ; - intel->base.batch_flush = intel_i915_batch_flush ; - - intel -> batch = intel_be_batchbuffer_alloc( intel ) ; - - return true ; -} - - void - intel_be_destroy_context( struct intel_be_context * intel ) -{ - intel_be_batchbuffer_free(intel->batch ) ; -}
deleted file mode 100644
index d5cbc93594f..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_context.h
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_context.hdeleted file mode 100644index d5cbc93594f..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_context.h
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,40 +0,0 @@ -/*
These need to be diffrent from the intel winsys */ -#ifndef INTEL_BE_CONTEXT_H
-#define INTEL_BE_CONTEXT_H
- -#include " i915 simple/i915_winsys.h " - - struct intel_be_context -{ - /**
Interface to i915 simple driver */ - struct i915 _winsys base ; - - struct intel_be_device * device ; - struct intel_be_batchbuffer * batch ; - - /* - * Hardware lock functions .
- * - * Needs to be filled in by the winsys .
- */ - void ( * hardware_lock ) ( struct intel_be_context * context ) ; - void ( * hardware_unlock ) ( struct intel_be_context * context ) ; - boolean ( * hardware_locked ) ( struct intel_be_context * context ) ; -} ; - -/** - * Intialize a allocated intel_be_context struct .
- * - * Remember to set the hardware_* functions .
- */ - boolean - intel_be_init_context ( struct intel_be_context * intel , - struct intel_be_device * device ) ; - -/** - * Destroy a intel_be_context .
- * Does not free the struct that is up to the winsys .
- */ -void - intel_be_destroy_context( struct intel_be_context * intel ) ; -#endif
deleted file mode 100644
index 85ab1a26846..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_device.c
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_device.cdeleted file mode 100644index 85ab1a26846..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_device.c
+++ /dev/null @@ -1,296 +0,0 @@ - - -/* - * Authors : Keith Whitwell < keithw- at- tungstengraphics-dot-com > - * Jakob Bornecrantz < jakob-at- tungstengraphics-dot-com > - */ - -#include " intel_be_device.h " -#include " ws_dri_bufmgr.h " -#include " ws_dri_bufpool.h " -#include " ws_dri_fencemgr.h " - -#include " pipe/internal/p_winsys_screen.h " -#include " pipe/p_defines.h " -#include " pipe/p_state.h " -#include " pipe/p_inlines.h " -#include " util/u_memory.h " - -#include " i915 simple/i915_screen.h " - -/*
Turn a pipe winsys into an intel / pipe winsys : - */ - static INLINE struct intel_be_device * - intel_be_device ( struct pipe_winsys * winsys ) -{ - return ( struct intel_be_device *) winsys ; -} - - -/* - * Buffer functions .
- * - *
Most callbacks map direcly onto dri_bufmgr operations : - */ - -static void * intel_be_buffer_map ( struct pipe_winsys * winsys , - struct pipe_buffer * buf , - unsigned flags ) -{ - unsigned drm_flags = 0 ; - - if ( flags & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_CPU_WRITE ) - drm_flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE ; - - if ( flags & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_CPU_READ ) - drm_flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_READ ; - - return driBOMap ( dri_bo( buf ) , drm_flags , 0 ) ; -} - - static void intel_be_buffer_unmap ( struct pipe_winsys * winsys , - struct pipe_buffer * buf ) -{ - driBOUnmap ( dri_bo( buf ) ) ; -} - -static void - intel_be_buffer_destroy ( struct pipe_winsys * winsys , - struct pipe_buffer * buf ) -{ - driBOUnReference ( dri_bo( buf ) ) ; - FREE ( buf ) ; -} - - static struct pipe_buffer * - intel_be_buffer_create ( struct pipe_winsys * winsys , - unsigned alignment , - unsigned usage , - unsigned size ) -{ - struct intel_be_buffer * buffer = CALLOC_STRUCT ( intel_be_buffer ) ; - struct intel_be_device * iws = intel_be_device ( winsys ) ; - unsigned flags = 0 ; - struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ; - - buffer->base.refcount = 1 ; - buffer->base.alignment = alignment ; - buffer->base.usage = usage ; - buffer -> base.size = size ; - - if ( usage & ( PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_VERTEX | PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_CONSTANT ) ) { - flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_LOCAL
| DRM_BO_FLAG_CACHED ; - pool = iws->mallocPool ; - } else if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_CUSTOM ) { - /*
For vertex buffers */ - flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_VRAM
| DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT ; - pool = iws->vertexPool ; - } else { - flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_VRAM
| DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT ; - pool = iws->regionPool ; - } - - if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_GPU_READ ) - flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_READ ; - - if ( usage & PIPE_BUFFER_USAGE_GPU_WRITE ) - flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE ; - - /* drm complains if we do n't set any read / write flags .
- */ - if ( ( flags & ( DRM_BO_FLAG_READ | DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE ) ) == 0 ) - flags |= DRM_BO_FLAG_READ | DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE ; - - buffer -> pool = pool ; - driGenBuffers ( buffer ->pool , - " pipe buffer " , 1 , & buffer ->driBO , alignment , flags , 0 ) ; - - driBOData ( buffer ->driBO , size , NULL , buffer -> pool , 0 ) ; - - return & buffer -> base ; -} - - - static struct pipe_buffer * - intel_be_user_buffer_create ( struct pipe_winsys * winsys , void * ptr , unsigned bytes ) -{ - struct intel_be_buffer * buffer = CALLOC_STRUCT ( intel_be_buffer ) ; - struct intel_be_device * iws = intel_be_device ( winsys ) ; - - driGenUserBuffer ( iws -> regionPool , - " pipe user buffer " , & buffer->driBO , ptr , bytes ) ; - - buffer->base.refcount = 1 ; - - return & buffer -> base ; -} - - struct pipe_buffer * -intel_be_buffer_from_handle ( struct intel_be_device * device , - const char* name , unsigned handle ) -{ - struct intel_be_buffer * be_buf = malloc ( sizeof ( * be_buf ) ) ; - struct pipe_buffer * buffer ; - - if ( ! be_buf ) - goto err ; - - memset ( be_buf , 0 , sizeof ( * be_buf ) ) ; - - driGenBuffers ( device->staticPool , name , 1 , & be_buf->driBO , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; - driBOSetReferenced ( be_buf->driBO , handle ) ; - - if ( 0 ) /** XXX TODO check error */ - goto err_bo ; - - buffer = &be_buf -> base ; - buffer ->refcount = 1 ; - buffer -> alignment = 0 ; - buffer ->usage = 0 ; - buffer ->size = driBOSize ( be_buf->driBO ) ; - - return buffer ; - err_bo : - free ( be_buf ) ; -err : - return NULL ; -} - - - static struct pipe_buffer * - intel_i915_surface_buffer_create ( struct pipe_winsys * winsys , - unsigned width , unsigned height , - enum pipe_format format , - unsigned usage , - unsigned * stride ) -{ - const unsigned alignment = 64 ; - struct pipe_format_block block ; - unsigned nblocksx , nblocksy ; - - pf_get_block ( format , &block ) ; - nblocksx = pf_get_nblocksx ( &block , width ) ; - nblocksy = pf_get_nblocksy ( &block , height ) ; - * stride = round_up ( nblocksx * block.size , alignment ) ; - - return winsys ->buffer_create ( winsys , alignment , - usage , - * stride * nblocksy ) ; -} - - -/* - * Fence functions - */ - - static void - intel_be_fence_reference ( struct pipe_winsys *sws , - struct pipe_fence_handle ** ptr , - struct pipe_fence_handle * fence ) -{ - if ( * ptr ) - driFenceUnReference (( struct _DriFenceObject **) ptr ) ; - - if ( fence ) - * ptr = ( struct pipe_fence_handle *)driFenceReference ( ( struct _DriFenceObject *) fence ) ; -} - - static int - intel_be_fence_signalled ( struct pipe_winsys * sws , - struct pipe_fence_handle * fence , - unsigned flag ) -{ - return driFenceSignaled ( ( struct _DriFenceObject *) fence , flag ) ; -} - - static int - intel_be_fence_finish ( struct pipe_winsys * sws , - struct pipe_fence_handle * fence , - unsigned flag ) -{ - return driFenceFinish ( ( struct _DriFenceObject *) fence , flag , 0 ) ; -} - - -/* - * Misc functions - */ - - boolean - intel_be_init_device ( struct intel_be_device * dev , int fd , unsigned id ) -{ - dev->fd = fd ; - dev->max_batch_size = 16 * 4096 ; - dev->max_vertex_size = 128 * 4096 ; - - dev->base.buffer_create = intel_be_buffer_create ; - dev->base.user_buffer_create = intel_be_user_buffer_create ; - dev->base.buffer_map = intel_be_buffer_map ; - dev->base.buffer_unmap = intel_be_buffer_unmap ; - dev->base.buffer_destroy = intel_be_buffer_destroy ; - dev->base.surface_buffer_create = intel_i915_surface_buffer_create ; - dev->base.fence_reference = intel_be_fence_reference ; - dev->base.fence_signalled = intel_be_fence_signalled ; - dev->base.fence_finish = intel_be_fence_finish ; - -#if 0 /* Set by the winsys */ - dev->base.flush_frontbuffer = intel_flush_frontbuffer ; - dev->base.get_name = intel_get_name ; -#endif - - dev->fMan = driInitFreeSlabManager ( 10 , 10 ) ; - dev->fenceMgr = driFenceMgrTTMInit( dev->fd ) ; - - dev->mallocPool = driMallocPoolInit( ) ; - dev->staticPool = driDRMPoolInit( dev->fd ) ; - /* Sizes : 64 128 256 512 1024 2048 4096 8192 16384 32768 */ - dev->regionPool = driSlabPoolInit( dev->fd , - DRM_BO_FLAG_READ
| - DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE
| - DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT , - DRM_BO_FLAG_READ | - DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE
| - DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT , - 64 , - 10 , 120 , 4096 * 64 , 0 , - dev-> fMan ) ; - - dev->vertexPool = driSlabPoolInit( dev->fd , - DRM_BO_FLAG_READ
| - DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE
| - DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT , - DRM_BO_FLAG_READ | - DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE
| - DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT , - dev->max_vertex_size , - 1 , 120 , dev->max_vertex_size * 4 , 0 , - dev->fMan ) ; - - dev->batchPool = driSlabPoolInit( dev->fd , - DRM_BO_FLAG_EXE
| - DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT , - DRM_BO_FLAG_EXE | - DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT , - dev->max_batch_size , - 1 , 40 , dev->max_batch_size * 16 , 0 , - dev-> fMan ) ; - - /*
Fill in this struct with callbacks that i915 simple will need to - * communicate with the window system , buffer manager , etc. - */ - dev->screen = i915 _create_screen ( &dev -> base , id ) ; - - return true ; -} - - void - intel_be_destroy_device ( struct intel_be_device * dev ) -{ - driPoolTakeDown( dev->mallocPool ) ; - driPoolTakeDown( dev->staticPool ) ; - driPoolTakeDown( dev->regionPool ) ; - driPoolTakeDown( dev->vertexPool ) ; - driPoolTakeDown ( dev->batchPool ) ; - - /** TODO takedown fenceMgr and fMan */ -}
deleted file mode 100644
index 534d638b6a8..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_device.h
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_device.hdeleted file mode 100644index 534d638b6a8..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/intel_be_device.h
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,72 +0,0 @@ -#ifndef INTEL_DRM_DEVICE_H
-#define INTEL_DRM_DEVICE_H
- -#include " pipe/internal/p_winsys_screen.h " -#include " pipe/p_context.h " - -/* - * Device - */ - - struct intel_be_device -{ - struct pipe_winsys base ; - - /** - *
Hw level screen - */ - struct pipe_screen * screen ; - - int fd ; /**< Drm file discriptor */ - - size_t max_batch_size ; - size_t max_vertex_size ; - - struct _ DriFenceMgr * fenceMgr ; - - struct _ DriBufferPool * batchPool ; - struct _ DriBufferPool * regionPool ; - struct _ DriBufferPool * mallocPool ; - struct _DriBufferPool *vertexPool ; - struct _ DriBufferPool * staticPool ; - struct _DriFreeSlabManager * fMan ; -} ; - - boolean - intel_be_init_device ( struct intel_be_device * device , int fd , unsigned id ) ; - -void - intel_be_destroy_device ( struct intel_be_device * dev ) ; - -/* - * Buffer - */ - - struct intel_be_buffer { - struct pipe_buffer base ; - struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ; - struct _DriBufferObject * driBO ; -} ; - -/** - * Create a be buffer from a drm bo handle - * - * Takes a reference - */ - struct pipe_buffer * -intel_be_buffer_from_handle ( struct intel_be_device * device , - const char* name , unsigned handle ) ; - - static INLINE struct intel_be_buffer * - intel_be_buffer( struct pipe_buffer * buf ) -{ - return ( struct intel_be_buffer *) buf ; -} - - static INLINE struct _DriBufferObject * - dri_bo( struct pipe_buffer * buf ) -{ - return intel_be_buffer ( buf ) ->driBO ; -} - -#endif
deleted file mode 100644
index 517a97b3ee5..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufmgr.c
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufmgr.cdeleted file mode 100644index 517a97b3ee5..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufmgr.c
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,949 +0,0 @@ -/************************************************************************** - * - * Copyright 2006 Tungsten Graphics , Inc. , Bismarck , ND. , USA - * All Rights Reserved . - * - * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a - * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the - * " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including - * without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , - * distribute , sub license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to - * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to - * the following conditions : - * - * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR - * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , - * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL - * THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS , AUTHORS AND /OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , - * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR - * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE - * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
- * - *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the - * next paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions - * of the Software .
- * - * - **************************************************************************/ -/* - * Authors : Thomas Hellstr�m < thomas-at-tungstengraphics-dot-com > - * Keith Whitwell < keithw- at- tungstengraphics-dot-com > - */ - -#include < xf86drm.h > -#include < stdlib.h > -#include < stdio.h > -#include " pipe/p_thread.h " -#include " errno.h " -#include " ws_dri_bufmgr.h " -#include " string.h " -#include " pipe/p_debug.h " -#include " ws_dri_bufpool.h " -#include " ws_dri_fencemgr.h " - - -/* - *
This lock is here to protect drmBO structs changing underneath us during a - * validate list call , since validatelist cannot take individiual locks for - * each drmBO .
Validatelist takes this lock in write mode .
Any access to an - * individual drmBO should take this lock in read mode , since in that case , the - * driBufferObject mutex will protect the access .
Locking order is - * driBufferObject mutex - > this rw lock .
- */ - -pipe_static_mutex(bmMutex ) ; -pipe_static_condvar( bmCond ) ; - -static int kernelReaders = 0 ; - static int num_buffers = 0 ; - static int num_user_buffers = 0 ; - - static drmBO * drmBOListBuf ( void * iterator ) -{ - drmBONode * node ; - drmMMListHead *l = ( drmMMListHead *) iterator ; - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - return node -> buf ; -} - - static void * drmBOListIterator ( drmBOList * list ) -{ - void * ret = list->list.next ; - - if ( ret == &list -> list ) - return NULL ; - return ret ; -} - - static void * drmBOListNext( drmBOList * list , void * iterator ) -{ - void * ret ; - - drmMMListHead *l = ( drmMMListHead *) iterator ; - ret = l -> next ; - if ( ret == &list -> list ) - return NULL ; - return ret ; -} - -static drmBONode * drmAddListItem(drmBOList * list , drmBO *item , - uint64_t arg0 , - uint64_t arg1 ) -{ - drmBONode * node ; - drmMMListHead * l ; - - l = list -> free.next ; - if ( l == &list -> free ) { - node = ( drmBONode *) malloc( sizeof ( * node ) ) ; - if ( ! node ) { - return NULL ; - } - list->numCurrent ++ ; - } - else { - DRMLISTDEL(l ) ; - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - } - node -> buf = item ; - node->arg0 = arg0 ; - node->arg1 = arg1 ; - DRMLISTADD ( &node -> head , &list -> list ) ; - list->numOnList ++ ; - return node ; -} - - static int drmAddValidateItem( drmBOList * list , drmBO * buf , uint64_t flags , - uint64_t mask , int * newItem ) -{ - drmBONode * node , * cur ; - drmMMListHead * l ; - - * newItem = 0 ; - cur = NULL ; - - for ( l = list ->list.next ; l != &list -> list ; l = l-> next ) { - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - if ( node -> buf == buf ) { - cur = node ; - break ; - } - } - if ( ! cur ) { - cur = drmAddListItem ( list , buf , flags , mask ) ; - if ( ! cur ) { - return - ENOMEM ; - } - *newItem = 1 ; - cur ->arg0 = flags ; - cur ->arg1 = mask ; - } - else { - uint64_t memFlags = cur->arg0 & flags & DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ; - uint64_t accFlags = ( cur - >arg0 | flags ) & ~DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ; - - if ( mask & cur->arg1 & ~DRM_BO_MASK_MEM
& ( cur - > arg0 ^ flags ) ) { - return - EINVAL ; - } - - cur ->arg1 |= mask ; - cur ->arg0 = ( cur - > arg0 & ~ mask ) | ( ( memFlags | accFlags ) & mask ) ; - - if ( ( ( cur->arg1 & DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ) != 0 ) && - ( cur->arg0 & DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ) == 0 ) { - return - EINVAL ; - } - } - return 0 ; -} - - static void drmBOFreeList ( drmBOList * list ) -{ - drmBONode * node ; - drmMMListHead * l ; - - l = list->list.next ; - while(l != & list -> list ) { - DRMLISTDEL(l ) ; - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - free ( node ) ; - l = list->list.next ; - list -> numCurrent --; - list->numOnList--; - } - - l = list -> free.next ; - while(l != &list -> free ) { - DRMLISTDEL(l ) ; - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - free ( node ) ; - l = list -> free.next ; - list -> numCurrent --; - } -} - - static int drmAdjustListNodes( drmBOList * list ) -{ - drmBONode * node ; - drmMMListHead * l ; - int ret = 0 ; - - while ( list->numCurrent < list ->numTarget ) { - node = ( drmBONode *) malloc( sizeof ( * node ) ) ; - if ( ! node ) { - ret = - ENOMEM ; - break ; - } - list ->numCurrent ++ ; - DRMLISTADD ( &node ->head , &list -> free ) ; - } - - while ( list->numCurrent > list -> numTarget ) { - l = list -> free.next ; - if ( l == &list -> free ) - break ; - DRMLISTDEL(l ) ; - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - free ( node ) ; - list -> numCurrent --; - } - return ret ; -} - - static int drmBOCreateList ( int numTarget , drmBOList * list ) -{ - DRMINITLISTHEAD( &list ->list ) ; - DRMINITLISTHEAD ( &list -> free ) ; - list -> numTarget = numTarget ; - list -> numCurrent = 0 ; - list->numOnList = 0 ; - return drmAdjustListNodes ( list ) ; -} - - static int drmBOResetList( drmBOList * list ) -{ - drmMMListHead * l ; - int ret ; - - ret = drmAdjustListNodes ( list ) ; - if ( ret ) - return ret ; - - l = list->list.next ; - while ( l != & list -> list ) { - DRMLISTDEL(l ) ; - DRMLISTADD (l , &list -> free ) ; - list->numOnList--; - l = list->list.next ; - } - return drmAdjustListNodes ( list ) ; -} - - void driWriteLockKernelBO( void ) -{ - pipe_mutex_lock ( bmMutex ) ; - while ( kernelReaders !=
0 ) - pipe_condvar_wait( bmCond , bmMutex ) ; -} - - void driWriteUnlockKernelBO( void ) -{ - pipe_mutex_unlock( bmMutex ) ; -} - - void driReadLockKernelBO( void ) -{ - pipe_mutex_lock ( bmMutex ) ; - kernelReaders ++ ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( bmMutex ) ; -} - - void driReadUnlockKernelBO( void ) -{ - pipe_mutex_lock ( bmMutex ) ; - if ( -- kernelReaders == 0 ) - pipe_condvar_broadcast( bmCond ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( bmMutex ) ; -} - - - - -/* - * TODO : Introduce fence pools in the same way as - * buffer object pools .
- */ - - typedef struct _DriBufferObject -{ - DriBufferPool * pool ; - pipe_mutex mutex ; - int refCount ; - const char * name ; - uint64_t flags ; - unsigned hint ; - unsigned alignment ; - unsigned created ByReference ; - void * private ; - /* user - space buffer : */ - unsigned userBuffer ; - void *userData ; - unsigned userSize ; -} DriBufferObject ; - - typedef struct _ DriBufferList { - drmBOList drmBuffers ; /*
List of kernel buffers needing validation */ - drmBOList driBuffers ; /*
List of user - space buffers needing validation */ -} DriBufferList ; - - - void - bmError ( int val , const char * file , const char * function , int line ) -{ - printf ( " Fatal video memory manager error \ " %s\ " .
" - " Check kernel logs or set the LIBGL_DEBUG
" - " environment variable to \ " verbose\ " for more info .
" - " Detected in file %s , line %d , function %s .
" , - strerror ( - val ) , file , line , function ) ; -#ifndef NDEBUG - abort ( ) ; - #else - abort ( ) ; -#endif -} - - extern drmBO * - driBOKernel( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) -{ - drmBO * ret ; - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - assert ( buf -> private != NULL ) ; - ret = buf -> pool -> kernel ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ; - if ( ! ret ) - BM_CKFATAL (-EINVAL ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - - return ret ; -} - - void - driBOWaitIdle ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , int lazy ) -{ - - /* - *
This function may block .
Is it sane to keep the mutex held during - * that time ?? - */ - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - BM_CKFATAL ( buf -> pool -> waitIdle ( buf -> pool , buf -> private , & buf - > mutex , lazy ) ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; -} - -void * - driBOMap ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , unsigned flags , unsigned hint ) -{ - void * virtual ; - int retval ; - - if ( buf->userBuffer ) { - return buf->userData ; - } - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - assert ( buf -> private != NULL ) ; - retval = buf -> pool -> map ( buf -> pool , buf -> private , flags , hint , - & buf - > mutex , &virtual ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - - return retval == 0 ?
virtual : NULL ; -} - -void - driBOUnmap ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) -{ - if ( buf->userBuffer ) - return ; - - assert ( buf -> private != NULL ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - BM_CKFATAL ( buf -> pool -> unmap ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; -} - -unsigned long - driBOOffset ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) -{ - unsigned long ret ; - - assert ( buf -> private != NULL ) ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - ret = buf -> pool -> offset ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - return ret ; -} - -unsigned long - driBOPoolOffset ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) -{ - unsigned long ret ; - - assert ( buf -> private != NULL ) ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - ret = buf->pool->poolOffset ( buf ->pool , buf -> private ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - return ret ; -} - - uint64_t - driBOFlags ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) -{ - uint64_t ret ; - - assert ( buf -> private != NULL ) ; - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - ret = buf -> pool -> flags ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - return ret ; -} - - struct _DriBufferObject * - driBOReference ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) -{ - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - if ( ++buf->refCount == 1 ) { - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - BM_CKFATAL (-EINVAL ) ; - } - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - return buf ; -} - - void - driBOUnReference ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) -{ - int tmp ; - - if ( ! buf ) - return ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - tmp = -- buf->refCount ; - if ( !tmp ) { - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - if ( buf - > private ) { - if ( buf ->createdByReference ) - buf ->pool ->unreference ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ; - else - buf ->pool -> destroy ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ; - } - if ( buf->userBuffer ) - num_user_buffers --; - else - num_buffers --; - free ( buf ) ; - } else - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - -} - - - int - driBOData ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - unsigned size , const void * data , - DriBufferPool * newPool , - uint64_t flags ) -{ - void * virtual = NULL ; - int newBuffer ; - int retval = 0 ; - struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ; - - assert(!buf->userBuffer ) ; /* XXX just do a memcpy ?
*/ - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - pool = buf -> pool ; - - if ( pool == NULL && newPool != NULL ) { - buf ->pool = newPool ; - pool = newPool ; - } - if ( newPool == NULL ) - newPool = pool ; - - if ( ! pool -> create ) { - assert ( ( size_t ) " driBOData called on invalid buffer
" & 0 ) ; - BM_CKFATAL (-EINVAL ) ; - } - - newBuffer = (! buf -> private || pool != newPool || - pool -> size ( pool , buf -> private ) < size ) ; - - if (! flags ) - flags = buf -> flags ; - - if ( newBuffer ) { - - if ( buf -> createdByReference ) { - assert ( ( size_t ) " driBOData requiring resizing called on shared buffer .
" & 0 ) ; - BM_CKFATAL (-EINVAL ) ; - } - - if ( buf -> private ) - buf -> pool -> destroy ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ; - - pool = newPool ; - buf ->pool = newPool ; - buf -> private = pool -> create ( pool , size , flags , DRM_BO_HINT_DONT_FENCE , - buf ->alignment ) ; - if ( ! buf -> private ) - retval = - ENOMEM ; - - if ( retval == 0 ) - retval = pool -> map ( pool , buf -> private , - DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE , - DRM_BO_HINT_DONT_BLOCK , & buf -> mutex , &virtual ) ; - } else if ( pool - > map ( pool , buf -> private , DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE , - DRM_BO_HINT_DONT_BLOCK , &buf -> mutex , &virtual ) ) { - /* - * Buffer is busy .
need to create a new one .
- */ - - void * newBuf ; - - new Buf = pool -> create ( pool , size , flags , DRM_BO_HINT_DONT_FENCE , - buf ->alignment ) ; - if ( newBuf ) { - buf ->pool -> destroy ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ; - buf -> private = new Buf ; - } - - retval = pool -> map ( pool , buf -> private , - DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE , 0 , & buf -> mutex , &virtual ) ; - } else { - uint64_t flag_diff = flags ^ buf -> flags ; - - /* - *
We might need to change buffer flags .
- */ - - if ( flag_diff ) { - assert ( pool->setStatus != NULL ) ; - BM_CKFATAL ( pool -> unmap ( pool , buf -> private ) ) ; - BM_CKFATAL ( pool -> setStatus ( pool , buf -> private , flag_diff , - buf -> flags ) ) ; - if ( ! data ) - goto out ; - - retval = pool -> map ( pool , buf -> private , - DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE , 0 , & buf -> mutex , &virtual ) ; - } - } - - if ( retval == 0 ) { - if ( data ) - memcpy ( virtual , data , size ) ; - - BM_CKFATAL ( pool -> unmap ( pool , buf -> private ) ) ; - } - - out : - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - - return retval ; -} - - void - driBOSubData ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - unsigned long offset , unsigned long size , const void * data ) -{ - void * virtual ; - - assert(!buf->userBuffer ) ; /* XXX just do a memcpy ?
*/ - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - if ( size && data ) { - BM_CKFATAL ( buf -> pool -> map ( buf ->pool , buf -> private , - DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE , 0 , & buf -> mutex , - &virtual ) ) ; - memcpy ( ( unsigned char *) virtual + offset , data , size ) ; - BM_CKFATAL ( buf -> pool -> unmap ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ) ; - } - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; -} - - void - driBOGetSubData ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - unsigned long offset , unsigned long size , void * data ) -{ - void * virtual ; - - assert(!buf->userBuffer ) ; /* XXX just do a memcpy ?
*/ - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - if ( size && data ) { - BM_CKFATAL ( buf -> pool -> map ( buf ->pool , buf -> private , - DRM_BO_FLAG_READ , 0 , & buf -> mutex , &virtual ) ) ; - memcpy ( data , ( unsigned char *) virtual + offset , size ) ; - BM_CKFATAL ( buf -> pool -> unmap ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ) ; - } - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; -} - - void - driBOSetReferenced ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - unsigned long handle ) -{ - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - if ( buf -> private != NULL ) { - assert ( ( size_t ) " Invalid buffer for setReferenced
" & 0 ) ; - BM_CKFATAL (-EINVAL ) ; - - } - if ( buf - > pool -> reference == NULL ) { - assert ( ( size_t ) " Invalid buffer pool for setReferenced
" & 0 ) ; - BM_CKFATAL (-EINVAL ) ; - } - buf -> private = buf ->pool -> reference ( buf -> pool , handle ) ; - if (! buf -> private ) { - assert ( ( size_t ) " Invalid buffer pool for setStatic
" & 0 ) ; - BM_CKFATAL (- ENOMEM ) ; - } - buf->createdByReference = TRUE ; - buf ->flags = buf ->pool -> kernel ( buf ->pool , buf -> private ) -> flags ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; -} - - int - driGenBuffers ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , - const char * name , - unsigned n , - struct _ DriBufferObject * buffers [ ] , - unsigned alignment , uint64_t flags , unsigned hint ) -{ - struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ; - int i ; - - flags = ( flags ) ?
flags : DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_TT
| DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_VRAM
| - DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_LOCAL
| DRM_BO_FLAG_READ | DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE ; - - ++num_buffers ; - - assert ( pool ) ; - - for ( i = 0 ; i < n ; ++i ) { - buf = ( struct _ DriBufferObject *) calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( * buf ) ) ; - if ( ! buf ) - return - ENOMEM ; - - pipe_mutex_init( buf -> mutex ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - buf->refCount = 1 ; - buf -> flags = flags ; - buf -> hint = hint ; - buf -> name = name ; - buf ->alignment = alignment ; - buf ->pool = pool ; - buf->createdByReference = 0 ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - buffers [ i ] = buf ; - } - return 0 ; -} - - void - driGenUserBuffer( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , - const char * name , - struct _ DriBufferObject ** buffers , - void * ptr , unsigned bytes ) -{ - const unsigned alignment = 1 , flags = 0 , hint = 0 ; - - -- num_buffers ; /* JB : is inced in GenBuffes */ - driGenBuffers ( pool , name , 1 , buffers , alignment , flags , hint ) ; - ++num_user_buffers ; - - ( * buffers )->userBuffer = 1 ; - ( * buffers ) ->userData = ptr ; - ( * buffers )->userSize = bytes ; -} - - void - driDeleteBuffers ( unsigned n , struct _DriBufferObject * buffers [ ] ) -{ - int i ; - - for ( i = 0 ; i < n ; ++i ) { - driBOUnReference ( buffers[i ] ) ; - } -} - - - void - driInitBufMgr( int fd ) -{ - ; -} - -/* - *
Note that lists are per-context and do n't need mutex protection .
- */ - - struct _ DriBufferList * - driBOCreateList ( int target ) -{ - struct _ DriBufferList * list = calloc( sizeof ( * list ) , 1 ) ; - - BM_CKFATAL(drmBOCreateList( target , &list->drmBuffers ) ) ; - BM_CKFATAL(drmBOCreateList( target , &list->driBuffers ) ) ; - return list ; -} - - int - driBOResetList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) -{ - int ret ; - ret = drmBOResetList ( &list->drmBuffers ) ; - if ( ret ) - return ret ; - ret = drmBOResetList ( &list->driBuffers ) ; - return ret ; -} - - void - driBOFreeList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) -{ - drmBOFreeList( &list->drmBuffers ) ; - drmBOFreeList ( &list->driBuffers ) ; - free( list ) ; -} - - -/* - * Copied from libdrm , because it is needed by driAddValidateItem .
- */ - -static drmBONode * - driAddListItem(drmBOList * list , drmBO * item , - uint64_t arg0 , uint64_t arg1 ) -{ - drmBONode * node ; - drmMMListHead * l ; - - l = list -> free.next ; - if ( l == &list -> free ) { - node = ( drmBONode *) malloc( sizeof ( * node ) ) ; - if ( ! node ) { - return NULL ; - } - list->numCurrent ++ ; - } else { - DRMLISTDEL(l ) ; - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - } - memset ( &node -> bo_arg , 0 , sizeof ( node -> bo_arg ) ) ; - node -> buf = item ; - node->arg0 = arg0 ; - node->arg1 = arg1 ; - DRMLISTADDTAIL ( &node ->head , &list -> list ) ; - list->numOnList ++ ; - return node ; -} - -/* - * Slightly modified version compared to the libdrm version .
- *
This one returns the list index of the buffer put on the list .
- */ - - static int - driAddValidateItem ( drmBOList * list , drmBO * buf , uint64_t flags , - uint64_t mask , int *itemLoc , - struct _drmBONode ** pnode ) -{ - drmBONode * node , * cur ; - drmMMListHead * l ; - int count = 0 ; - - cur = NULL ; - - for ( l = list ->list.next ; l != &list -> list ; l = l-> next ) { - node = DRMLISTENTRY ( drmBONode , l , head ) ; - if ( node -> buf == buf ) { - cur = node ; - break ; - } - count ++ ; - } - if ( ! cur ) { - cur = driAddListItem ( list , buf , flags , mask ) ; - if ( ! cur ) - return - ENOMEM ; - - cur ->arg0 = flags ; - cur -> arg1 = mask ; - } else { - uint64_t memFlags = cur->arg0 & flags & DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ; - uint64_t accFlags = ( cur - >arg0 | flags ) & ~DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ; - - if ( mask & cur->arg1 & ~DRM_BO_MASK_MEM
& ( cur - > arg0 ^ flags ) ) { - return - EINVAL ; - } - - cur ->arg1 |= mask ; - cur ->arg0 = ( cur - > arg0 & ~ mask ) | ( ( memFlags | accFlags ) & mask ) ; - - if ( ( ( cur->arg1 & DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ) != 0 ) && - ( cur->arg0 & DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ) == 0 ) { - return - EINVAL ; - } - } - *itemLoc = count ; - * pnode = cur ; - return 0 ; -} - - - void - driBOAddListItem ( struct _ DriBufferList * list , struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - uint64_t flags , uint64_t mask , int *itemLoc , - struct _drmBONode ** node ) -{ - int newItem ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - BM_CKFATAL(driAddValidateItem( &list ->drmBuffers , - buf -> pool -> kernel ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) , - flags , mask , itemLoc , node ) ) ; - BM_CKFATAL(drmAddValidateItem( &list ->driBuffers , ( drmBO *) buf , - flags , mask , & newItem ) ) ; - if ( newItem ) - buf->refCount ++ ; - - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; -} - -drmBOList * driGetdrmBOList( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) -{ - driWriteLockKernelBO ( ) ; - return &list->drmBuffers ; -} - - void driPutdrmBOList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) -{ - driWriteUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; -} - - - void - driBOFence ( struct _DriBufferObject * buf , struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) -{ - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - if ( buf -> pool -> fence ) - BM_CKFATAL ( buf -> pool -> fence ( buf -> pool , buf -> private , fence ) ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - -} - - void - driBOUnrefUserList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) -{ - struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ; - void * curBuf ; - - curBuf = drmBOListIterator ( &list->driBuffers ) ; - while ( curBuf ) { - buf = ( struct _DriBufferObject *)drmBOListBuf(curBuf ) ; - driBOUnReference ( buf ) ; - curBuf = drmBOListNext ( &list->driBuffers , curBuf ) ; - } -} - - struct _DriFenceObject * -driBOFenceUserList( struct _ DriFenceMgr *mgr , - struct _ DriBufferList * list , const char * name , - drmFence * kFence ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ; - struct _DriBufferObject * buf ; - void * curBuf ; - - fence = driFenceCreate ( mgr , kFence -> fence_class , kFence -> type , - kFence , sizeof ( * kFence ) ) ; - curBuf = drmBOListIterator ( &list->driBuffers ) ; - - /* - *
User - space fencing callbacks .
- */ - - while ( curBuf ) { - buf = ( struct _DriBufferObject *) drmBOListBuf(curBuf ) ; - driBOFence ( buf , fence ) ; - driBOUnReference ( buf ) ; - curBuf = drmBOListNext ( &list->driBuffers , curBuf ) ; - } - - driBOResetList( list ) ; - return fence ; -} - - void - driBOValidateUserList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) -{ - void * curBuf ; - struct _DriBufferObject * buf ; - - curBuf = drmBOListIterator ( &list->driBuffers ) ; - - /* - * User - space validation callbacks .
- */ - - while ( curBuf ) { - buf = ( struct _DriBufferObject *) drmBOListBuf(curBuf ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - if ( buf ->pool -> validate ) - BM_CKFATAL ( buf -> pool -> validate ( buf -> pool , buf -> private , & buf -> mutex ) ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - curBuf = drmBOListNext ( &list->driBuffers , curBuf ) ; - } -} - - - void - driPoolTakeDown ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ) -{ - pool -> takeDown ( pool ) ; - -} - -unsigned long - driBOSize ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) -{ - unsigned long size ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - size = buf -> pool -> size ( buf -> pool , buf -> private ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( buf -> mutex ) ; - - return size ; - -} - -drmBOList *driBOGetDRMBuffers( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) -{ - return &list->drmBuffers ; -} - -drmBOList *driBOGetDRIBuffers( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) -{ - return &list -> driBuffers ; -} -
deleted file mode 100644
index e6c0cff0a05..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufmgr.h
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufmgr.hdeleted file mode 100644index e6c0cff0a05..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufmgr.h
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,138 +0,0 @@ -/************************************************************************** - * - * Copyright 2006 Tungsten Graphics , Inc. , Bismarck , ND. , USA - * All Rights Reserved . - * - * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a - * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the - * " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including - * without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , - * distribute , sub license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to - * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to - * the following conditions : - * - * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR - * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , - * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL - * THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS , AUTHORS AND /OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , - * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR - * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE - * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
- * - *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the - * next paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions - * of the Software .
- * - * - **************************************************************************/ -/* - * Authors : Thomas Hellstr�m < thomas-at-tungstengraphics-dot-com > - * Keith Whitwell < keithw- at- tungstengraphics-dot-com > - */ - -#ifndef _PSB_BUFMGR_H_
-#define _PSB_BUFMGR_H_ -#include < xf86mm.h > -#include " i915_drm.h " -#include " ws_dri_fencemgr.h " - - typedef struct _drmBONode -{ - drmMMListHead head ; - drmBO * buf ; - struct drm_i915 _op_arg bo_arg ; - uint64_t arg0 ; - uint64_t arg1 ; -} drmBONode ; - - typedef struct _drmBOList { - unsigned numTarget ; - unsigned numCurrent ; - unsigned numOnList ; - drmMMListHead list ; - drmMMListHead free ; -} drmBOList ; - - - struct _DriFenceObject ; - struct _DriBufferObject ; - struct _DriBufferPool ; - struct _DriBufferList ; - -/* - * Return a pointer to the libdrm buffer object this DriBufferObject - * uses .
- */ - - extern drmBO * driBOKernel ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) ; - extern void * driBOMap ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , unsigned flags , - unsigned hint ) ; - extern void driBOUnmap ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) ; - extern unsigned long driBOOffset ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) ; - extern unsigned long driBOPoolOffset ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) ; - - extern uint64_t driBOFlags ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) ; -extern struct _DriBufferObject * driBOReference ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) ; - extern void driBOUnReference ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) ; - - extern int driBOData ( struct _ DriBufferObject * r_buf , - unsigned size , const void * data , - struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , uint64_t flags ) ; - - extern void driBOSubData ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - unsigned long offset , unsigned long size , - const void * data ) ; - extern void driBOGetSubData ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - unsigned long offset , unsigned long size , - void * data ) ; - extern int driGenBuffers ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , - const char * name , - unsigned n , - struct _ DriBufferObject * buffers [ ] , - unsigned alignment , uint64_t flags , unsigned hint ) ; - extern void driGenUserBuffer ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , - const char * name , - struct _ DriBufferObject * buffers [ ] , - void * ptr , unsigned bytes ) ; - extern void driDeleteBuffers ( unsigned n , struct _ DriBufferObject * buffers [ ] ) ; - extern void driInitBufMgr ( int fd ) ; - extern struct _ DriBufferList * driBOCreateList ( int target ) ; - extern int driBOResetList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; - extern void driBOAddListItem ( struct _DriBufferList * list , - struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - uint64_t flags , uint64_t mask , int *itemLoc , - struct _drmBONode ** node ) ; - - extern void driBOValidateList ( int fd , struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; - extern void driBOFreeList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; - extern struct _DriFenceObject *driBOFenceUserList ( struct _DriFenceMgr *mgr , - struct _ DriBufferList * list , - const char * name , - drmFence * kFence ) ; - extern void driBOUnrefUserList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; - extern void driBOValidateUserList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; - extern drmBOList * driGetdrmBOList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; - extern void driPutdrmBOList ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; - -extern void driBOFence ( struct _DriBufferObject * buf , - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) ; - - extern void driPoolTakeDown ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ) ; - extern void driBOSetReferenced ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , - unsigned long handle ) ; - unsigned long driBOSize ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf ) ; - extern void driBOWaitIdle ( struct _ DriBufferObject * buf , int lazy ) ; - extern void driPoolTakeDown ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ) ; - - extern void driReadLockKernelBO( void ) ; - extern void driReadUnlockKernelBO( void ) ; - extern void driWriteLockKernelBO( void ) ; - extern void driWriteUnlockKernelBO( void ) ; - -/* - *
For debugging purposes .
- */ - -extern drmBOList * driBOGetDRMBuffers ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; - extern drmBOList * driBOGetDRIBuffers ( struct _ DriBufferList * list ) ; -#endif
deleted file mode 100644
index ad3b6f3931c..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufpool.h
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufpool.hdeleted file mode 100644index ad3b6f3931c..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_bufpool.h
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,102 +0,0 @@ -/************************************************************************** - * - * Copyright 2006 Tungsten Graphics , Inc. , Bismarck , ND. , USA - * All Rights Reserved . - * - * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a - * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the - * " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including - * without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , - * distribute , sub license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to - * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to - * the following conditions : - * - * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR - * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , - * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL - * THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS , AUTHORS AND /OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , - * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR - * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE - * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
- * - *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the - * next paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions - * of the Software .
- * - * - **************************************************************************/ -/* - * Authors : Thomas Hellstr�m < thomas-at-tungstengraphics-dot-com > - */ - -#ifndef _PSB_BUFPOOL_H_
-#define _PSB_BUFPOOL_H_
- -#include < xf86drm.h > -#include " pipe/p_thread.h " - struct _DriFenceObject ; - - typedef struct _ DriBufferPool -{ - int fd ; - int ( * map ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , - unsigned flags , int hint , pipe_mutex * mutex , - void ** virtual ) ; - int ( * unmap ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) ; - int ( * destroy ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) ; - unsigned long ( * offset ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) ; - unsigned long ( * poolOffset ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) ; - uint64_t ( * flags ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) ; - unsigned long ( * size ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) ; - void *( * create ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , unsigned long size , - uint64_t flags , unsigned hint , unsigned alignment ) ; - void *( * reference ) ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , unsigned handle ) ; - int ( * unreference ) ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) ; - int ( * fence ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) ; - drmBO *(* kernel ) ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) ; - int ( * validate ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , pipe_mutex * mutex ) ; - int ( * waitIdle ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , pipe_mutex * mutex , - int lazy ) ; - int ( * setStatus ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , - uint64_t flag_diff , uint64_t old_flags ) ; - void ( * takeDown ) ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool ) ; - void * data ; -} DriBufferPool ; - - extern void bmError ( int val , const char * file , const char * function , - int line ) ; -#define BM_CKFATAL( val ) \ - do{ \ - int tstVal = ( val ) ; \ - if ( tstVal ) \ - bmError(tstVal , __FILE__ , __FUNCTION__ , __LINE__ ) ; \ - } while (0 ) ; - - -/* - * Builtin pools .
- */ - -/* - * Kernel buffer objects .
Size in multiples of page size .
Page size aligned .
- */ - -extern struct _ DriBufferPool * driDRMPoolInit( int fd ) ; - extern struct _ DriBufferPool * driMallocPoolInit( void ) ; - - struct _DriFreeSlabManager ; - extern struct _ DriBufferPool * driSlabPoolInit ( int fd , uint64_t flags , - uint64_t validMask , - uint32_t smallestSize , - uint32_t numSizes , - uint32_t desiredNumBuffers , - uint32_t maxSlabSize , - uint32_t pageAlignment , - struct _ DriFreeSlabManager * fMan ) ; - extern void driFinishFreeSlabManager ( struct _DriFreeSlabManager * fMan ) ; -extern struct _DriFreeSlabManager * - driInitFreeSlabManager( uint32_t checkIntervalMsec , uint32_t slabTimeoutMsec ) ; - - -#endif
deleted file mode 100644
index 54618b1c82a..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_drmpool.c
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_drmpool.cdeleted file mode 100644index 54618b1c82a..00000000000--- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_drmpool.c
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,268 +0,0 @@ -/************************************************************************** - * - * Copyright 2006 Tungsten Graphics , Inc. , Bismarck , ND. , USA - * All Rights Reserved . - * - * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a - * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the - * " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including - * without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , - * distribute , sub license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to - * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to - * the following conditions : - * - * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR - * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , - * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL - * THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS , AUTHORS AND /OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , - * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR - * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE - * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
- * - *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the - * next paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions - * of the Software .
- * - * - **************************************************************************/ -/* - * Authors : Thomas Hellstr�m < thomas-at-tungstengraphics-dot-com > - */ - -#include < xf86drm.h > -#include < stdlib.h > -#include < unistd.h >
-#include " ws_dri_bufpool.h " -#include " ws_dri_bufmgr.h " -#include " assert.h " - -/* - * Buffer pool implementation using DRM buffer objects as DRI buffer objects .
- */ - - static void * - pool_create ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , - unsigned long size , uint64_t flags , unsigned hint , - unsigned alignment ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) malloc( sizeof ( * buf ) ) ; - int ret ; - unsigned pageSize = getpagesize ( ) ; - - if ( ! buf ) - return NULL ; - - if ( ( alignment > pageSize ) && ( alignment % pageSize ) ) { - free ( buf ) ; - return NULL ; - } - - ret = drmBOCreate ( pool -> fd , size , alignment / pageSize , - NULL , - flags , hint , buf ) ; - if ( ret ) { - free ( buf ) ; - return NULL ; - } - - return ( void *) buf ; -} - - static void * - pool_reference ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , unsigned handle ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) malloc( sizeof ( * buf ) ) ; - int ret ; - - if ( ! buf ) - return NULL ; - - ret = drmBOReference ( pool -> fd , handle , buf ) ; - - if ( ret ) { - free ( buf ) ; - return NULL ; - } - - return ( void *) buf ; -} - - static int - pool_destroy ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - int ret ; - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - ret = drmBOUnreference ( pool -> fd , buf ) ; - free ( buf ) ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - return ret ; -} - - static int - pool_unreference ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - int ret ; - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - ret = drmBOUnreference ( pool -> fd , buf ) ; - free ( buf ) ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - return ret ; -} - - static int - pool_map ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , unsigned flags , - int hint , pipe_mutex * mutex , void ** virtual ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - int ret ; - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - ret = drmBOMap ( pool -> fd , buf , flags , hint , virtual ) ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - return ret ; -} - - static int - pool_unmap ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - int ret ; - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - ret = drmBOUnmap ( pool -> fd , buf ) ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - - return ret ; -} - - static unsigned long - pool_offset ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - unsigned long offset ; - - driReadLockKernelBO( ) ; - assert ( buf -> flags & DRM_BO_FLAG_NO_MOVE ) ; - offset = buf ->offset ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - - return buf -> offset ; -} - - static unsigned long - pool_poolOffset ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - return 0 ; -} - - static uint64_t - pool_flags ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - uint64_t flags ; - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - flags = buf ->flags ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - - return flags ; -} - - - static unsigned long - pool_size ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - unsigned long size ; - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - size = buf ->size ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - - return buf -> size ; -} - - static int - pool_fence ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) -{ - /* - * Noop .
The kernel handles all fencing .
- */ - - return 0 ; -} - - static drmBO * - pool_kernel ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - return ( drmBO *) private ; -} - - static int - pool_waitIdle ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , pipe_mutex * mutex , - int lazy ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - int ret ; - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - ret = drmBOWaitIdle ( pool -> fd , buf , ( lazy ) ?
DRM_BO_HINT_WAIT_LAZY:0 ) ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - - return ret ; -} - - - static void - pool_takedown( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ) -{ - free ( pool ) ; -} - -/*static int - pool_setStatus ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , - uint64_t flag_diff , uint64_t old_flags ) -{ - drmBO * buf = ( drmBO *) private ; - uint64_t new_flags = old_flags ^ flag_diff ; - int ret ; - - driReadLockKernelBO ( ) ; - ret = drmBOSetStatus ( pool -> fd , buf , new_flags , flag_diff , - 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; - driReadUnlockKernelBO ( ) ; - return ret ; -}*/ - - struct _DriBufferPool * - driDRMPoolInit( int fd ) -{ - struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ; - - pool = ( struct _ DriBufferPool *) malloc( sizeof ( * pool ) ) ; - - if ( ! pool ) - return NULL ; - - pool -> fd = fd ; - pool -> map = &pool_map ; - pool ->unmap = &pool_unmap ; - pool -> destroy = &pool_destroy ; - pool -> offset = &pool_offset ; - pool -> poolOffset = &pool_poolOffset ; - pool -> flags = &pool_flags ; - pool -> size = &pool_size ; - pool -> create = & pool_create ; - pool -> fence = &pool_fence ; - pool -> kernel = &pool_kernel ; - pool -> validate = NULL ; - pool -> waitIdle = &pool_waitIdle ; - pool -> takeDown = &pool_takedown ; - pool -> reference = &pool_reference ; - pool-> unreference = &pool_unreference ; - pool -> data = NULL ; - return pool ; -}
deleted file mode 100644
index 831c75d30cc..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_fencemgr.c
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_fencemgr.cdeleted file mode 100644index 831c75d30cc..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_fencemgr.c
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,377 +0,0 @@ -#include " ws_dri_fencemgr.h " -#include " pipe/p_thread.h " -#include < xf86mm.h > -#include < string.h >
-#include < unistd.h > - -/* - * Note : Locking order is - * _ DriFenceObject::mutex - * _DriFenceMgr::mutex - */ - - struct _ DriFenceMgr { - /* - * Constant members .
Need no mutex protection .
- */ - struct _DriFenceMgrCreateInfo info ; - void * private ; - - /* - *
These members are protected by this -> mutex - */ - pipe_mutex mutex ; - int refCount ; - drmMMListHead * heads ; - int num_fences ; -} ; - - struct _DriFenceObject { - - /* - *
These members are constant and need no mutex protection .
- */ - struct _ DriFenceMgr * mgr ; - uint32_t fence_class ; - uint32_t fence_type ; - - /* - *
These members are protected by mgr -> mutex .
- */ - drmMMListHead head ; - int refCount ; - - /* - *
These members are protected by this -> mutex .
- */ - pipe_mutex mutex ; - uint32_t signaled_type ; - void * private ; -} ; - - uint32_t - driFenceType(struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) -{ - return fence -> fence_type ; -} - - struct _DriFenceMgr * -driFenceMgrCreate( const struct _ DriFenceMgrCreateInfo * info ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceMgr * tmp ; - uint32_t i ; - - tmp = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( * tmp ) ) ; - if ( ! tmp ) - return NULL ; - - pipe_mutex_init( tmp->mutex ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( tmp->mutex ) ; - tmp->refCount = 1 ; - tmp -> info = * info ; - tmp->num_fences = 0 ; - tmp->heads = calloc( tmp->info.num_classes , sizeof ( * tmp->heads ) ) ; - if ( !tmp ->heads ) - goto out_err ; - - for ( i=0 ; i<tmp->info.num_classes ; ++i ) { - DRMINITLISTHEAD( &tmp->heads [i ] ) ; - } - pipe_mutex_unlock ( tmp->mutex ) ; - return tmp ; - - out_err : - if ( tmp ) - free ( tmp ) ; - return NULL ; -} - -static void - driFenceMgrUnrefUnlock ( struct _ DriFenceMgr ** pMgr ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceMgr *mgr = * pMgr ; - - * pMgr = NULL ; - if ( - - mgr->refCount == 0 ) - free ( mgr ) ; - else - pipe_mutex_unlock ( mgr->mutex ) ; -} - - void - driFenceMgrUnReference ( struct _DriFenceMgr ** pMgr ) -{ - pipe_mutex_lock ((* pMgr ) -> mutex ) ; - driFenceMgrUnrefUnlock( pMgr ) ; -} - -static void - driFenceUnReferenceLocked ( struct _DriFenceObject ** pFence ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence = * pFence ; - struct _ DriFenceMgr * mgr = fence ->mgr ; - - * pFence = NULL ; - if (-- fence->refCount == 0 ) { - DRMLISTDELINIT ( &fence ->head ) ; - if ( fence -> private ) - mgr->info.unreference(mgr , &fence -> private ) ; - --mgr->num_fences ; - fence ->mgr = NULL ; - --mgr->refCount ; - free ( fence ) ; - - } -} - - -static void - driSignalPreviousFencesLocked ( struct _DriFenceMgr *mgr , - drmMMListHead * list , - uint32_t fence_class , - uint32_t fence_type ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceObject * entry ; - drmMMListHead * prev ; - - while ( list != &mgr->heads[ fence_class ] ) { - entry = DRMLISTENTRY ( struct _ DriFenceObject , list , head ) ; - - /* - *
Up refcount so that entry does n't disappear from under us - * when we unlock - relock mgr to get the correct locking order .
- */ - - ++entry->refCount ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( mgr->mutex ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( entry -> mutex ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( mgr -> mutex ) ; - - prev = list -> prev ; - - - - if ( list - > prev == list ) { - - /* - * Somebody else removed the entry from the list .
- */ - - pipe_mutex_unlock( entry-> mutex ) ; - driFenceUnReferenceLocked ( &entry ) ; - return ; - } - - entry -> signaled_type |= ( fence_type & entry -> fence_type ) ; - if ( entry -> signaled_type == entry-> fence_type ) { - DRMLISTDELINIT( list ) ; - mgr->info.unreference(mgr , &entry -> private ) ; - } - pipe_mutex_unlock( entry-> mutex ) ; - driFenceUnReferenceLocked ( &entry ) ; - list = prev ; - } -} - - - int - driFenceFinish ( struct _ DriFenceObject * fence , uint32_t fence_type , - int lazy_hint ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceMgr * mgr = fence -> mgr ; - int ret = 0 ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - - if ( ( fence -> signaled_type & fence_type ) == fence_type ) - goto out0 ; - - ret = mgr->info.finish( mgr , fence -> private , fence_type , lazy_hint ) ; - if ( ret ) - goto out0 ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( mgr->mutex ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - - driSignalPreviousFencesLocked ( mgr , &fence ->head , fence -> fence_class , - fence_type ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( mgr-> mutex ) ; - return 0 ; - - out0 : - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - return ret ; -} - - uint32_t driFenceSignaledTypeCached( struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) -{ - uint32_t ret ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - ret = fence->signaled_type ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - - return ret ; -} - -int -driFenceSignaledType(struct _ DriFenceObject * fence , uint32_t flush_type , - uint32_t * signaled ) -{ - int ret = 0 ; - struct _ DriFenceMgr * mgr ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - mgr = fence -> mgr ; - * signaled = fence->signaled_type ; - if ( ( fence -> signaled_type & flush_type ) == flush_type ) - goto out0 ; - - ret = mgr->info.signaled( mgr , fence -> private , flush_type , signaled ) ; - if ( ret ) { - * signaled = fence->signaled_type ; - goto out0 ; - } - - if ( ( fence -> signaled_type | * signaled ) == fence ->signaled_type ) - goto out0 ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( mgr->mutex ) ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - - driSignalPreviousFencesLocked ( mgr , &fence ->head , fence -> fence_class , - * signaled ) ; - - pipe_mutex_unlock ( mgr->mutex ) ; - return 0 ; - out0 : - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - return ret ; -} - - struct _DriFenceObject * - driFenceReference ( struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) -{ - pipe_mutex_lock ( fence->mgr ->mutex ) ; - ++fence->refCount ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fence->mgr -> mutex ) ; - return fence ; -} - - void - driFenceUnReference ( struct _DriFenceObject ** pFence ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceMgr * mgr ; - - if ( * pFence == NULL ) - return ; - - mgr = ( * pFence ) ->mgr ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( mgr->mutex ) ; - ++mgr->refCount ; - driFenceUnReferenceLocked( pFence ) ; - driFenceMgrUnrefUnlock ( &mgr ) ; -} - - struct _DriFenceObject -*driFenceCreate ( struct _ DriFenceMgr *mgr , uint32_t fence_class , - uint32_t fence_type , void * private , size_t private_size ) -{ - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ; - size_t fence_size = sizeof ( * fence ) ; - - if ( private_size ) - fence_size = ( ( fence_size + 15 ) & ~ 15 ) ; - - fence = calloc ( 1 , fence_size + private_size ) ; - - if (! fence ) { - int ret = mgr->info.finish( mgr , private , fence_type , 0 ) ; - - if ( ret ) - usleep ( 10000000 ) ; - - return NULL ; - } - - pipe_mutex_init ( fence -> mutex ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( fence ->mutex ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( mgr-> mutex ) ; - fence->refCount = 1 ; - DRMLISTADDTAIL ( &fence ->head , &mgr->heads [ fence_class ] ) ; - fence ->mgr = mgr ; - ++mgr->refCount ; - ++mgr->num_fences ; - pipe_mutex_unlock ( mgr->mutex ) ; - fence -> fence_class = fence_class ; - fence -> fence_type = fence_type ; - fence->signaled_type = 0 ; - fence -> private = private ; - if ( private_size ) { - fence -> private = ( void *) ( (( uint8_t *) fence ) + fence_size ) ; - memcpy ( fence -> private , private , private_size ) ; - } - - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fence -> mutex ) ; - return fence ; -} - - - static int - tSignaled ( struct _DriFenceMgr *mgr , void * private , uint32_t flush_type , - uint32_t * signaled_type ) -{ - long fd = ( long ) mgr-> private ; - int dummy ; - drmFence * fence = ( drmFence *) private ; - int ret ; - - * signaled_type = 0 ; - ret = drmFenceSignaled ( ( int ) fd , fence , flush_type , &dummy ) ; - if ( ret ) - return ret ; - - * signaled_type = fence -> signaled ; - - return 0 ; -} - - static int - t Finish ( struct _ DriFenceMgr *mgr , void * private , uint32_t fence_type, - int lazy_hint ) -{ - long fd = ( long ) mgr-> private ; - unsigned flags = lazy_hint ?
DRM_FENCE_FLAG_WAIT_LAZY
: 0 ; - - return drmFenceWait ( ( int ) fd , flags , ( drmFence *) private , fence_type ) ; -} - - static int - tUnref ( struct _ DriFenceMgr * mgr , void ** private ) -{ - long fd = ( long ) mgr->private ; - drmFence * fence = ( drmFence *) * private ; - * private = NULL ; - - return drmFenceUnreference ( fd , fence ) ; -} - - struct _ DriFenceMgr * driFenceMgrTTMInit( int fd ) -{ - struct _DriFenceMgrCreateInfo info ; - struct _ DriFenceMgr * mgr ; - - info.flags = DRI_FENCE_CLASS_ORDERED ; - info.num_classes = 4 ; - info.signaled = tSignaled ; - info.finish = tFinish ; - info.unreference = tUnref ; - - mgr = driFenceMgrCreate ( &info ) ; - if ( mgr == NULL ) - return NULL ; - - mgr->private = ( void *) ( long ) fd ; - return mgr ; -} -
deleted file mode 100644
index 4ea58dfe183..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_fencemgr.h
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_fencemgr.hdeleted file mode 100644index 4ea58dfe183..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_fencemgr.h
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,115 +0,0 @@ -#ifndef DRI_FENCEMGR_H
-#define DRI_FENCEMGR_H
- -#include < stdint.h> -#include < stdlib.h > - - struct _DriFenceObject ; - struct _ DriFenceMgr ; - -/* - *
Do a quick check to see if the fence manager has registered the fence - * object as signaled .
Note that this function may return a false negative - * answer .
- */ - extern uint32_t driFenceSignaledTypeCached( struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) ; - -/* - *
Check if the fence object is signaled .
This function can be substantially - * more expensive to call than the above function , but will not return a false - * negative answer .
The argument " flush_type " sets the types that the - * underlying mechanism must make sure will eventually signal .
- */ - extern int driFenceSignaledType(struct _ DriFenceObject * fence , - uint32_t flush_type , uint32_t * signaled ) ; - -/* - * Convenience functions .
- */ - - static inline int driFenceSignaled ( struct _ DriFenceObject * fence , - uint32_t flush_type ) -{ - uint32_t signaled_types ; - int ret = driFenceSignaledType(fence , flush_type , & signaled_types ) ; - if ( ret ) - return 0 ; - return ( ( signaled_types & flush_type ) == flush_type ) ; -} - - static inline int driFenceSignaledCached ( struct _DriFenceObject * fence , - uint32_t flush_type ) -{ - uint32_t signaled_types = - driFenceSignaledTypeCached( fence ) ; - - return ( ( signaled_types & flush_type ) == flush_type ) ; -} - -/* - * Reference a fence object .
- */ - extern struct _ DriFenceObject * driFenceReference ( struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) ; - -/* - * Unreference a fence object .
The fence object pointer will be reset to NULL .
- */ - - extern void driFenceUnReference ( struct _DriFenceObject ** pFence ) ; - - -/* - *
Wait for a fence to signal the indicated fence_type .
- * If " lazy_hint " is true , it indicates that the wait may sleep to avoid - * busy - wait polling .
- */ - extern int driFenceFinish ( struct _ DriFenceObject * fence , uint32_t fence_type , - int lazy_hint ) ; - -/* - * Create a DriFenceObject for manager " mgr " . - * - * " private " is a pointer that should be used for the callbacks in - * struct _ DriFenceMgrCreateInfo . - * - * if private_size is nonzero , then the info stored at * private , with size - * private size will be copied and the fence manager will instead use a - * pointer to the copied data for the callbacks in - * struct _ DriFenceMgrCreateInfo .
In that case , the object pointed to by - * " private " may be destroyed after the call to driFenceCreate .
- */ - extern struct _DriFenceObject * driFenceCreate ( struct _ DriFenceMgr *mgr , - uint32_t fence_class , - uint32_t fence_type , - void * private , - size_t private_size ) ; - - extern uint32_t driFenceType(struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) ; - -/* - *
Fence creations are ordered .
If a fence signals a fence_type , - * it is safe to assume that all fences of the same class that was - * created before that fence has signaled the same type .
- */ - -#define DRI_FENCE_CLASS_ORDERED
( 1 << 0 ) - - struct _ DriFenceMgrCreateInfo { - uint32_t flags ; - uint32_t num_classes ; - int ( * signaled ) ( struct _DriFenceMgr *mgr , void * private , uint32_t flush_type , - uint32_t * signaled_type ) ; - int ( * finish ) ( struct _DriFenceMgr * mgr , void * private , uint32_t fence_type , int lazy_hint ) ; - int ( * unreference ) ( struct _DriFenceMgr *mgr , void ** private ) ; -} ; - -extern struct _ DriFenceMgr * -driFenceMgrCreate( const struct _ DriFenceMgrCreateInfo * info ) ; - -void -driFenceMgrUnReference( struct _ DriFenceMgr ** pMgr ) ; - -extern struct _ DriFenceMgr * - driFenceMgrTTMInit( int fd ) ; - -#endif
deleted file mode 100644
index 60924eac9ee..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_mallocpool.c
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_mallocpool.cdeleted file mode 100644index 60924eac9ee..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_mallocpool.c
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,161 +0,0 @@ -/************************************************************************** - * - * Copyright 2008 Tungsten Graphics , Inc. , Cedar Park , TX. , USA - * All Rights Reserved . - * - * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a - * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the - * " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including - * without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , - * distribute , sub license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to - * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to - * the following conditions : - * - * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR - * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , - * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL - * THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS , AUTHORS AND /OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , - * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR - * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE - * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
- * - *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the - * next paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions - * of the Software .
- * - * - **************************************************************************/ -/* - * Authors : Thomas Hellstr�m < thomas-at-tungstengraphics-dot-com > - */ - -#include < xf86drm.h > -#include < stdlib.h > -#include < errno.h > -#include " pipe/p_debug.h " -#include " pipe/p_thread.h " -#include " ws_dri_bufpool.h " -#include " ws_dri_bufmgr.h " - - static void * - pool_create ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , - unsigned long size , uint64_t flags , unsigned hint , - unsigned alignment ) -{ - unsigned long * private = malloc ( size + 2*sizeof ( unsigned long ) ) ; - if ( ( flags & DRM_BO_MASK_MEM ) != DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_LOCAL ) - abort ( ) ; - - * private = size ; - return ( void *) private ; -} - - - static int - pool_destroy ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - free( private ) ; - return 0 ; -} - - static int - pool_waitIdle ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , - pipe_mutex * mutex , int lazy ) -{ - return 0 ; -} - - static int - pool_map ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , unsigned flags , - int hint , pipe_mutex * mutex , void ** virtual ) -{ - * virtual = ( void *) ( ( unsigned long *) private + 2 ) ; - return 0 ; -} - - static int - pool_unmap ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - return 0 ; -} - - static unsigned long - pool_offset ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - /* - * BUG - */ - abort ( ) ; - return 0UL ; -} - - static unsigned long - pool_poolOffset ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - /* - * BUG - */ - abort ( ) ; -} - - static uint64_t - pool_flags ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - return DRM_BO_FLAG_MEM_LOCAL
| DRM_BO_FLAG_CACHED ; -} - -static unsigned long - pool_size ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - return *( unsigned long *) private ; -} - - - static int - pool_fence ( struct _DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ) -{ - abort ( ) ; - return 0UL ; -} - - static drmBO * - pool_kernel ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - abort ( ) ; - return NULL ; -} - - static void - pool_takedown ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ) -{ - free ( pool ) ; -} - - - struct _ DriBufferPool * - driMallocPoolInit( void ) -{ - struct _ DriBufferPool * pool ; - - pool = ( struct _ DriBufferPool *) malloc( sizeof ( * pool ) ) ; - if ( ! pool ) - return NULL ; - - pool -> data = NULL ; - pool -> fd = - 1 ; - pool -> map = &pool_map ; - pool ->unmap = &pool_unmap ; - pool -> destroy = &pool_destroy ; - pool -> offset = &pool_offset ; - pool -> poolOffset = &pool_poolOffset ; - pool -> flags = &pool_flags ; - pool -> size = &pool_size ; - pool -> create = & pool_create ; - pool -> fence = &pool_fence ; - pool -> kernel = & pool_kernel ; - pool -> validate = NULL ; - pool -> waitIdle = &pool_waitIdle ; - pool -> takeDown = &pool_takedown ; - return pool ; -}
deleted file mode 100644
index 391cea50a7f..00000000000
--- a/
+++ /dev/null diff -- git a/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_slabpool.c
b/src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_slabpool.cdeleted file mode 100644index 391cea50a7f..00000000000 --- a/ src/gallium/winsys/drm/intel/common/ws_dri_slabpool.c
+++ /dev/null @@ - 1,968 +0,0 @@ -/************************************************************************** - * - * Copyright 2006 - 2008 Tungsten Graphics , Inc. , Cedar Park , TX. , USA - * All Rights Reserved . - * - * Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a - * copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the - * " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including - * without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , - * distribute , sub license , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to - * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to - * the following conditions : - * - * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR - * IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , - * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON -INFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL - * THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS , AUTHORS AND /OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , - * DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR - * OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE - * USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
- * - *
The above copyright notice and this permission notice ( including the - * next paragraph ) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions - * of the Software .
- * - * - **************************************************************************/ -/* - * Authors : Thomas Hellstrom < thomas-at-tungstengraphics-dot-com > - */ - -#include < stdint.h> -#include < sys/time.h > -#include < errno.h > -#include < unistd.h > -#include < assert.h >
-#include " ws_dri_bufpool.h " -#include " ws_dri_fencemgr.h " -#include " ws_dri_bufmgr.h " -#include " pipe/p_thread.h " - -#define DRI_SLABPOOL_ALLOC_RETRIES
100 - - struct _ DriSlab ; - - struct _DriSlabBuffer { - int isSlabBuffer ; - drmBO * bo ; - struct _ DriFenceObject * fence ; - struct _ DriSlab * parent ; - drmMMListHead head ; - uint32_t mapCount ; - uint32_t start ; - uint32_t fenceType ; - int unFenced ; - pipe_condvar event ; -} ; - - struct _DriKernelBO { - int fd ; - drmBO bo ; - drmMMListHead timeoutHead ; - drmMMListHead head ; - struct timeval timeFreed ; - uint32_t pageAlignment ; - void * virtual ; -} ; - - struct _ DriSlab{ - drmMMListHead head ; - drmMMListHead freeBuffers ; - uint32_t numBuffers ; - uint32_t numFree ; - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buffers ; - struct _DriSlabSizeHeader * header ; - struct _ DriKernelBO * kbo ; -} ; - - - struct _DriSlabSizeHeader { - drmMMListHead slabs ; - drmMMListHead freeSlabs ; - drmMMListHead delayedBuffers ; - uint32_t numDelayed ; - struct _ DriSlabPool * slabPool ; - uint32_t bufSize ; - pipe_mutex mutex ; -} ; - - struct _DriFreeSlabManager { - struct timeval slabTimeout ; - struct timeval checkInterval ; - struct timeval nextCheck ; - drmMMListHead timeoutList ; - drmMMListHead unCached ; - drmMMListHead cached ; - pipe_mutex mutex ; -} ; - - - struct _ DriSlabPool { - - /* - *
The data of this structure remains constant after - * initialization and thus needs no mutex protection .
- */ - - struct _DriFreeSlabManager * fMan ; - uint64_t proposedFlags ; - uint64_t validMask ; - uint32_t * bucketSizes ; - uint32_t numBuckets ; - uint32_t pageSize ; - int fd ; - int pageAlignment ; - int maxSlabSize ; - int desiredNumBuffers ; - struct _DriSlabSizeHeader * headers ; -} ; - -/* - * FIXME : Perhaps arrange timeout slabs in size buckets for fast - * retreival ?? - */ - - - static inline int - driTimeAfterEq ( struct timeval * arg1 , struct timeval * arg2 ) -{ - return ( ( arg1 -> tv_sec > arg2-> tv_sec ) || - ( ( arg1-> tv_sec == arg2-> tv_sec ) && - ( arg1-> tv_usec > arg2-> tv_usec ) ) ) ; -} - - static inline void - driTimeAdd ( struct timeval * arg , struct timeval * add ) -{ - unsigned int sec ; - - arg -> tv_sec += add-> tv_sec ; - arg -> tv_usec += add-> tv_usec ; - sec = arg -> tv_usec / 1000000 ; - arg -> tv_sec += sec ; - arg -> tv_usec -= sec*1000000 ; -} - - static void - driFreeKernelBO ( struct _ DriKernelBO * kbo ) -{ - if ( ! kbo ) - return ; - - ( void ) drmBOUnreference ( kbo -> fd , & kbo -> bo ) ; - free ( kbo ) ; -} - - - static void - driFreeTimeoutKBOsLocked ( struct _DriFreeSlabManager * fMan , - struct timeval * time ) -{ - drmMMListHead * list , * next ; - struct _ DriKernelBO * kbo ; - - if ( !driTimeAfterEq(time , & fMan->nextCheck ) ) - return ; - - for ( list = fMan->timeoutList.next , next = list -> next ; - list != & fMan->timeoutList ; - list = next , next = list -> next ) { - - kbo = DRMLISTENTRY ( struct _ DriKernelBO , list , timeoutHead ) ; - - if ( !driTimeAfterEq( time , & kbo-> timeFreed ) ) - break ; - - DRMLISTDELINIT( &kbo->timeoutHead ) ; - DRMLISTDELINIT( &kbo ->head ) ; - driFreeKernelBO( kbo ) ; - } - - fMan->nextCheck = * time ; - driTimeAdd( &fMan->nextCheck , & fMan->checkInterval ) ; -} - - -/* - * Add a _DriKernelBO to the free slab manager .
- *
This means that it is available for reuse , but if it 's not - * reused in a while , it will be freed .
- */ - -static void - driSetKernelBOFree(struct _DriFreeSlabManager * fMan , - struct _ DriKernelBO * kbo ) -{ - struct timeval time ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( fMan-> mutex ) ; - gettimeofday ( &time , NULL ) ; - driTimeAdd( &time , & fMan->slabTimeout ) ; - - kbo->timeFreed = time ; - - if ( kbo ->bo.flags & DRM_BO_FLAG_CACHED ) - DRMLISTADD ( &kbo->head , & fMan -> cached ) ; - else - DRMLISTADD ( &kbo->head , & fMan->unCached ) ; - - DRMLISTADDTAIL( &kbo->timeoutHead , & fMan->timeoutList ) ; - driFreeTimeoutKBOsLocked ( fMan , &time ) ; - - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fMan-> mutex ) ; -} - -/* - * Get a _DriKernelBO for us to use as storage for a slab .
- * - */ - -static struct _ DriKernelBO * - driAllocKernelBO( struct _ DriSlabSizeHeader * header ) - -{ - struct _ DriSlabPool * slabPool = header -> slabPool ; - struct _DriFreeSlabManager * fMan = slabPool -> fMan ; - drmMMListHead * list , * next , * head ; - uint32_t size = header -> bufSize * slabPool->desiredNumBuffers ; - struct _ DriKernelBO * kbo ; - struct _ DriKernelBO * kboTmp ; - int ret ; - - /* - * FIXME : We should perhaps allow some variation in slabsize in order - * to efficiently reuse slabs .
- */ - - size = ( size <= slabPool -> maxSlabSize ) ?
size : slabPool->maxSlabSize ; - size = ( size + slabPool -> pageSize - 1 ) & ~( slabPool->pageSize - 1 ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( fMan-> mutex ) ; - - kbo = NULL ; - - retry : - head = ( slabPool->proposed Flags & DRM_BO_FLAG_CACHED ) ? - & fMan->cached : & fMan->unCached ; - - for ( list = head -> next , next = list -> next ; - list != head ; - list = next , next = list -> next ) { - - kboTmp = DRMLISTENTRY ( struct _ DriKernelBO , list , head ) ; - - if ( ( kboTmp - > bo.size == size ) && - ( slabPool->pageAlignment == 0 || - ( kboTmp->pageAlignment % slabPool -> pageAlignment ) == 0 ) ) { - - if ( ! kbo ) - kbo = kboTmp ; - - if ( ( kbo->bo.proposedFlags ^ slabPool -> proposed Flags ) == 0 ) - break ; - - } - } - - if ( kbo ) { - DRMLISTDELINIT( &kbo ->head ) ; - DRMLISTDELINIT( &kbo->timeoutHead ) ; - } - - pipe_mutex_unlock ( fMan->mutex ) ; - - if ( kbo ) { - uint64_t new_mask = kbo->bo.proposedFlags ^ slabPool -> proposedFlags ; - - ret = 0 ; - if ( new_mask ) { - ret = drmBOSetStatus ( kbo -> fd , &kbo -> bo , slabPool -> proposedFlags , - new_mask , DRM_BO_HINT_DONT_FENCE , 0 , 0 ) ; - } - if ( ret == 0 ) - return kbo ; - - driFreeKernelBO( kbo ) ; - kbo = NULL ; - goto retry ; - } - - kbo = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct _ DriKernelBO ) ) ; - if ( ! kbo ) - return NULL ; - - kbo->fd = slabPool -> fd ; - DRMINITLISTHEAD( &kbo->head ) ; - DRMINITLISTHEAD ( &kbo->timeoutHead ) ; - ret = drmBOCreate ( kbo -> fd , size , slabPool -> pageAlignment , NULL , - slabPool -> proposedFlags , - DRM_BO_HINT_DONT_FENCE , &kbo -> bo ) ; - if ( ret ) - goto out_err0 ; - - ret = drmBOMap ( kbo -> fd , &kbo -> bo , - DRM_BO_FLAG_READ | DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE , - 0 , & kbo -> virtual ) ; - - if ( ret ) - goto out_err1 ; - - ret = drmBOUnmap ( kbo -> fd , & kbo -> bo ) ; - if ( ret ) - goto out_err1 ; - - return kbo ; - - out_err1 : - drmBOUnreference ( kbo-> fd , & kbo -> bo ) ; - out_err0 : - free ( kbo ) ; - return NULL ; -} - - - static int - driAllocSlab ( struct _ DriSlabSizeHeader * header ) -{ - struct _ DriSlab * slab ; - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf ; - uint32_t numBuffers ; - int ret ; - int i ; - - slab = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( * slab ) ) ; - if ( ! slab ) - return - ENOMEM ; - - slab -> kbo = driAllocKernelBO ( header ) ; - if ( ! slab -> kbo ) { - ret = - ENOMEM ; - goto out_err0 ; - } - - numBuffers = slab ->kbo->bo.size / header ->bufSize ; - - slab -> buffers = calloc( numBuffers , sizeof ( * slab -> buffers ) ) ; - if ( ! slab -> buffers ) { - ret = - ENOMEM ; - goto out_err1 ; - } - - DRMINITLISTHEAD( &slab->head ) ; - DRMINITLISTHEAD ( &slab->freeBuffers ) ; - slab->numBuffers = numBuffers ; - slab -> numFree = 0 ; - slab -> header = header ; - - buf = slab -> buffers ; - for ( i=0 ; i < numBuffers ; ++i ) { - buf -> parent = slab ; - buf -> start = i* header -> bufSize ; - buf->mapCount = 0 ; - buf->isSlabBuffer = 1 ; - pipe_condvar_init ( buf -> event ) ; - DRMLISTADDTAIL ( &buf ->head , &slab -> freeBuffers ) ; - slab->numFree ++ ; - buf ++ ; - } - - DRMLISTADDTAIL ( &slab ->head , &header -> slabs ) ; - - return 0 ; - - out_err1 : - driSetKernelBOFree( header->slabPool ->
fMan , slab -> kbo ) ; - free ( slab -> buffers ) ; - out_err0 : - free ( slab ) ; - return ret ; -} - -/* - *
Delete a buffer from the slab header delayed list and put - * it on the slab free list .
- */ - -static void - driSlabFreeBufferLocked ( struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf ) -{ - struct _ DriSlab * slab = buf ->parent ; - struct _ DriSlabSizeHeader * header = slab -> header ; - drmMMListHead * list = &buf ->head ; - - DRMLISTDEL( list ) ; - DRMLISTADDTAIL( list , &slab->freeBuffers ) ; - slab->numFree ++ ; - - if ( slab ->head.next == &slab -> head ) - DRMLISTADDTAIL ( &slab ->head , &header -> slabs ) ; - - if ( slab -> numFree == slab->numBuffers ) { - list = &slab -> head ; - DRMLISTDEL ( list ) ; - DRMLISTADDTAIL( list , &header -> freeSlabs ) ; - } - - if ( header->slabs.next == &header -> slabs || - slab->numFree != slab->numBuffers ) { - - drmMMListHead * next ; - struct _DriFreeSlabManager * fMan = header -> slabPool -> fMan ; - - for ( list = header -> freeSlabs.next , next = list -> next ; - list != &header -> freeSlabs ; - list = next , next = list -> next ) { - - slab = DRMLISTENTRY ( struct _ DriSlab , list , head ) ; - - DRMLISTDELINIT( list ) ; - driSetKernelBOFree( fMan , slab -> kbo ) ; - free ( slab -> buffers ) ; - free( slab ) ; - } - } -} - - static void - driSlabCheckFreeLocked ( struct _ DriSlabSizeHeader * header , int wait ) -{ - drmMMListHead * list , * prev , * first ; - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf ; - struct _ DriSlab * slab ; - int firstWasSignaled = 1 ; - int signaled ; - int i ; - int ret ; - - /* - *
Rerun the freeing test if the youngest tested buffer - * was signaled , since there might be more idle buffers - * in the delay list .
- */ - - while ( firstWasSignaled ) { - firstWasSignaled = 0 ; - signaled = 0 ; - first = header ->delayedBuffers.next ; - - /*
Only examine the oldest 1/3 of delayed buffers : - */ - if ( header -> numDelayed > 3 ) { - for ( i = 0 ; i < header -> numDelayed ; i += 3 ) { - first = first -> next ; - } - } - - for ( list = first , prev = list -> prev ; - list != &header -> delayed Buffers ; - list = prev , prev = list -> prev ) { - buf = DRMLISTENTRY ( struct _ DriSlabBuffer , list , head ) ; - slab = buf -> parent ; - - if ( ! signaled ) { - if ( wait ) { - ret = driFenceFinish ( buf -> fence , buf->fenceType , 0 ) ; - if ( ret ) - break ; - signaled = 1 ; - wait = 0 ; - } else { - signaled = driFenceSignaled ( buf -> fence , buf -> fenceType ) ; - } - if ( signaled ) { - if ( list == first ) - firstWasSignaled = 1 ; - driFenceUnReference ( &buf -> fence ) ; - header ->numDelayed --; - driSlabFreeBufferLocked ( buf ) ; - } - } else if ( driFenceSignaledCached ( buf -> fence , buf->fenceType ) ) { - driFenceUnReference( &buf -> fence ) ; - header ->numDelayed --; - driSlabFreeBufferLocked ( buf ) ; - } - } - } -} - - -static struct _ DriSlabBuffer * - driSlabAllocBuffer( struct _ DriSlabSizeHeader * header ) -{ - static struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf ; - struct _ DriSlab * slab ; - drmMMListHead * list ; - int count = DRI_SLABPOOL_ALLOC_RETRIES ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( header -> mutex ) ; - while ( header ->slabs.
next == &header -> slabs && count >
0 ) { - driSlabCheckFreeLocked( header , 0 ) ; - if ( header->slabs.next != &header -> slabs ) - break ; - - pipe_mutex_unlock ( header -> mutex ) ; - if ( count != DRI_SLABPOOL_ALLOC_RETRIES ) - usleep ( 1 ) ; - pipe_mutex_lock ( header -> mutex ) ; - ( void ) driAllocSlab ( header ) ; - count --; - } - - list = header ->slabs.next ; - if ( list == &header -> slabs ) { - pipe_mutex_unlock ( header -> mutex ) ; - return NULL ; - } - slab = DRMLISTENTRY ( struct _ DriSlab , list , head ) ; - if (-- slab->numFree == 0 ) - DRMLISTDELINIT( list ) ; - - list = slab->freeBuffers.next ; - DRMLISTDELINIT( list ) ; - - pipe_mutex_unlock ( header -> mutex ) ; - buf = DRMLISTENTRY ( struct _ DriSlabBuffer , list , head ) ; - return buf ; -} - - static void * - pool_create ( struct _ DriBufferPool * driPool , unsigned long size , - uint64_t flags , unsigned hint , unsigned alignment ) -{ - struct _ DriSlabPool * pool = ( struct _DriSlabPool *) driPool -> data ; - struct _DriSlabSizeHeader * header ; - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf ; - void * dummy ; - int i ; - int ret ; - - /* - * FIXME : Check for compatibility .
- */ - - header = pool -> headers ; - for ( i=0 ; i<pool -> numBuckets ; ++i ) { - if ( header -> bufSize >= size ) - break ; - header ++ ; - } - - if ( i < pool -> numBuckets ) - return driSlabAllocBuffer ( header ) ; - - - /* - *
Fall back to allocate a buffer object directly from DRM .
- * and wrap it in a driBO structure .
- */ - - - buf = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( * buf ) ) ; - - if ( ! buf ) - return NULL ; - - buf -> bo = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( * buf -> bo ) ) ; - if ( ! buf -> bo ) - goto out_err0 ; - - if ( alignment ) { - if ( ( alignment < pool -> pageSize ) && ( pool -> pageSize % alignment ) ) - goto out_err1 ; - if (( alignment > pool -> pageSize ) && ( alignment % pool -> pageSize ) ) - goto out_err1 ; - } - - ret = drmBOCreate ( pool -> fd , size , alignment / pool -> pageSize , NULL , - flags , hint , buf -> bo ) ; - if ( ret ) - goto out_err1 ; - - ret = drmBOMap ( pool -> fd , buf -> bo , DRM_BO_FLAG_READ | DRM_BO_FLAG_WRITE , - 0 , &dummy ) ; - if ( ret ) - goto out_err2 ; - - ret = drmBOUnmap ( pool -> fd , buf -> bo ) ; - if ( ret ) - goto out_err2 ; - - return buf ; - out_err2 : - drmBOUnreference ( pool -> fd , buf -> bo ) ; - out_err1 : - free ( buf -> bo ) ; - out_err0 : - free ( buf ) ; - return NULL ; -} - - static int - pool_destroy ( struct _DriBufferPool * driPool , void * private ) -{ - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf = - ( struct _DriSlabBuffer *) private ; - struct _ DriSlab * slab ; - struct _ DriSlabSizeHeader * header ; - - if (!buf->isSlabBuffer ) { - struct _ DriSlabPool * pool = ( struct _DriSlabPool *) driPool -> data ; - int ret ; - - ret = drmBOUnreference ( pool -> fd , buf -> bo ) ; - free ( buf - > bo ) ; - free ( buf ) ; - return ret ; - } - - slab = buf -> parent ; - header = slab -> header ; - - pipe_mutex_lock ( header -> mutex ) ; - buf->unFenced = 0 ; - buf->mapCount = 0 ; - - if ( buf -> fence && !driFenceSignaledCached ( buf -> fence , buf->fenceType ) ) { - DRMLISTADDTAIL ( &buf ->head , &header -> delayedBuffers ) ; - header ->numDelayed ++ ; - } else { - if ( buf -> fence ) - driFenceUnReference ( &buf -> fence ) ; - driSlabFreeBufferLocked ( buf ) ; - } - - pipe_mutex_unlock ( header -> mutex ) ; - return 0 ; -} - - static int - pool_waitIdle ( struct _ DriBufferPool * driPool , void * private , - pipe_mutex * mutex , int lazy ) -{ - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf = ( struct _DriSlabBuffer *) private ; - - while ( buf -> unFenced ) - pipe_condvar_wait ( buf -> event , * mutex ) ; - - if (! buf -> fence ) - return 0 ; - - driFenceFinish ( buf -> fence , buf -> fenceType , lazy ) ; - driFenceUnReference ( &buf -> fence ) ; - - return 0 ; -} - - static int - pool_map ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private , unsigned flags , - int hint , pipe_mutex * mutex , void ** virtual ) -{ - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf = ( struct _ DriSlabBuffer *) private ; - int busy ; - - if ( buf ->isSlabBuffer ) - busy = buf ->unFenced || ( buf -> fence && !driFenceSignaledCached ( buf -> fence , buf->fenceType ) ) ; - else - busy = buf -> fence && !driFenceSignaled ( buf -> fence , buf->fenceType ) ; - - - if ( busy ) { - if ( hint & DRM_BO_HINT_DONT_BLOCK ) - return - EBUSY ; - else { - ( void ) pool_waitIdle ( pool , private , mutex , 0 ) ; - } - } - - ++buf->mapCount ; - * virtual = ( buf->isSlabBuffer ) ? - ( void *) ( ( uint8_t *) buf -> parent ->kbo->virtual + buf ->start ) : - ( void *) buf ->bo-> virtual ; - - return 0 ; -} - - static int - pool_unmap ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf = ( struct _DriSlabBuffer *) private ; - - --buf->mapCount ; - if ( buf -> mapCount == 0 && buf->isSlabBuffer ) - pipe_condvar_broadcast( buf ->event ) ; - - return 0; -} - - static unsigned long - pool_offset ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf = ( struct _DriSlabBuffer *) private ; - struct _ DriSlab * slab ; - struct _DriSlabSizeHeader * header ; - - if (!buf->isSlabBuffer ) { - assert ( buf ->bo->proposedFlags & DRM_BO_FLAG_NO_MOVE ) ; - return buf ->bo-> offset ; - } - - slab = buf -> parent ; - header = slab -> header ; - - ( void ) header ; - assert ( header ->slabPool->proposedFlags & DRM_BO_FLAG_NO_MOVE ) ; - return slab ->kbo->bo.offset + buf ->start ; -} - - static unsigned long - pool_poolOffset ( struct _ DriBufferPool * pool , void * private ) -{ - struct _ DriSlabBuffer * buf = ( struct _DriSlabBuffer *) private ; - - return buf -> start ; -} - -s
Just THE cutest puppies ever , they ’re like smiling furry sausages !
BONUS VIDEO !!!!!!
Britain needs a strong sense of national identity and national purpose to get through the current recession , Gordon Brown said in an interview published today .
The prime minister said that the process of globalisation was forcing countries to be clearer about what they were as nations in order to provide a sense of rootedness and community in a fast - changing world .
And he warned that , without a strong national identity , the danger was that people defined themselves by race or ethnicity .
He said it was important to view British history in terms of the growth of ideas such as tolerance , liberty , fairness and justice as well as through the stories of individual people and institutions .
Brown was interviewed for a BBC Radio 4 documentary on Britishness by the editor of the Spectator , Matthew d'Ancona , who has edited a forthcoming book , Being British , with an introduction by the PM .
The Spectator reported that Brown said the financial crisis of 2009 was not a single event , but part of the process of global change going on all around the world .
" Any nation faced with a bewildering amount of change – opportunity , yes , but also insecurity – needs a sense of national purpose , " he said .
" People need to feel that the country that they 're living in has a clear idea of what it 's becoming and what it needs to become for the future . "
Brown added : " This most recent financial crisis has brought home to people that the values that govern our communities and societies , the values that people think important : rewarding and celebrating people who work hard , take responsibility , who are fair to other people , who show enterprise , people who work for their community – are the same values that should govern our economy as well . "
And he said : " I think everybody wants to be rooted .
Everybody wants to feel a sense of belonging .
Everybody wants to feel that they 're part of a community .
" Globalisation is something that is here to stay ... but it actually forces countries to be far more explicit about what they are as nations .
People want to feel that sense of belonging in what is an insecure and changing world , as well as a great world of opportunity .
" What I 'm really saying is : being British is , in a sense , about subscribing to these values that have endured . "
Without a clear sense of national identity , " we give ourselves a false sense of who we are " , said the PM .
" We define ourselves by race or ethnicity – which would be a disaster for a country that has many people with different backgrounds as part of it .
Or we just describe ourselves in terms of unchanging institutions , which would mean that we were frozen in the past . "
• Britishness will be broadcast on Radio 4 on 31 March and 7 April .
Being British , introduced by Gordon Brown and edited by Matthew d'Ancona , is published by Mainstream in May .
It 's been more than 30 years — during the Blizzard of 1978 to be exact — since Neil Stuart saw " thundersnow , " a weather phenomenon featuring the unusual combination of thunder , lightning and snow .
The National Weather Service ( NWS ) meteorologist was 10 years old , living near Boston .
The storm — which he says " is famous in meteorological circles " and influenced his career path — dumped 27 inches ( 67 centimeters ) of snow on the ground over two days .
The heaviest snow , however , came during a six - hour thundersnow storm that delivered one foot of snow over a six hour period .*
Seeing thundersnow come down is " like watching a time - lapse movie of the snow building up , because it falls so quickly , " Stuart says .
Thunder and lightning during a snowstorm is different from a run -of - the - mill snowstorm ; it is extremely rare — fewer than 1 percent of observed snowstorms unleash thundersnow , according to a 1971 NSW study .
But recorded observations of the phenomenon date back to 250 B.C. , say ancient Chinese records translated in 1980 by atmospheric scientist Pao - Kuan Wang , now of the University of Wisconsin–Madison .
Today , researchers are interested in thundersnow for its predictive value .
According to Patrick Market , an associate professor of atmospheric science at the University of Missouri , a 30 - year study of snowfall found that when lightning is observed during a snowstorm , there is an 86 percent chance that at least six inches ( 15 centimeters ) of snow will fall within 70 miles ( 113 kilometers ) of the flash .
Researchers are trying to determine the combo of atmospheric conditions required to create thundersnow to help them better predict heavy snowfall — which they define as at least eight inches ( 20 centimeters ) falling at a rate of three to four inches ( 7.5 to 10 centimeters ) per hour — and issue warnings about hazardous weather before it hits , giving people time to prepare , take cover and get off the road .
( The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration estimates that more than 800 deaths were caused by snow - related traffic accidents in 2007 . )
By the time the lightning flashes during a thundersnow - storm , it is often already too late to prepare local residents for the whiteout on the way .
" If we 're talking about the observation of thundersnow , " Market says , " the predictive value is on the order of minutes to hours . "
* Correction ( 4/06/09 ) :
This article originally stated that the 27 inches of snow accumulated over six hours instead of two days .
Thundersnow - storms share some characteristics with summer thunderstorms .
In both , a region of relatively warm air causes moisture to condense into clouds .
A temperature gradient then forms with colder air farther up and warmer air closer to Earth 's surface .
If the relatively warm air begins to rise , the turbulence causes some water molecules to lose electrons and others to gain them , forming charges within the atmosphere that lead to electrification ( discharged as lightning ) and a sudden heating and expansion of the air .
Thundersnow is unique , scientists believe , because due to the subzero temperatures , interactions between supercooled liquid water , ice crystals and larger ice particles can also generate lightning .
In both types of storms , thunder results from the sound waves created by the rapid cooling and contraction of the air superheated by the lightning .
In the U.S. thundersnow is most likely to form in mountainous regions like the Rockies ( thanks to warm air pockets caused by sudden changes in elevation ) as well as in the vicinity of comparatively warm and large bodies of water such as the Great Lakes .
Snow requires a cold environment , adequate moisture to form clouds , and rising air ; thundersnow makes an appearance when a fourth ingredient is added : thermal instability , which is created by the addition of relatively warm air .
( Market estimates that temperatures need to get cooler by at least 7 degrees Fahrenheit ( four degrees Celsius ) per mile of altitude as warm air travels upward to create the needed turbulence .
Scott Steiger , an assistant meteorology professor at the State University of New York at Oswego , recently discovered that there are about six thundersnow storms a year in the lower Great Lakes ( Erie and Ontario ) region , most of them in November and December .
" These storms do n't move , so they can dump up to seven feet [ two meters ] of snow in one day , " he says .
" They are very intense snowstorms , but they are very local . "
When thundersnow occurs away from mountains and lakes , its heat sources are n't found near the ground but rather at altitudes upward of 10,000 feet ( 3,000 meters ) .
It is these less - frequent occurrences — in more populous areas in the Great Plains and the Northeastern U.S. , as during the 1978 blizzard — where this type of storm has the greatest potential to cause damage .
During a March 1 thundersnow storm that covered parts of Georgia , South Carolina and North Carolina , two to three inches ( five to to 7.6 centimeters ) fell per hour , an extremely rare occurrence in that part of the country , Stuart says .
Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International Airport reported visibility of only about 1,320 feet ( 402 meters ) for more than an hour around noontime that day , and there were power outages in some areas of northern Georgia due to the heavy , wet snow , he adds .
Market last month joined a team of storm - chasing University of Illinois at Urbana– Champaign researchers using various radars to examine what takes place inside storm clouds to cause snowfall .
The team is surveying atmospheric conditions in several locations in Indiana , Illinois and Wisconsin .
A field mill , a device that measures electric fields near the ground , will be used to determine whether there is an accumulation of charged ice particles in the clouds above .
The team next year plans to fly into snowstorms in NWS planes and drop parcels containing thermometers , barometers and other devices that , like weather balloons , will measure temperature on their way down .
If the team encounters thundersnow during its study , it may be able to confirm the conditions needed to produce it , making such icy tempests easier to forecast .
" With some lead time , [ be it ] hours or even a day or two , " Stuart says , " we can see a big storm and predict which areas will see extreme snowfall . "
Australia should consider having a one - child policy to protect the planet , an environmental lobby group says .
Sustainable Population Australia says slashing the world 's population is the only way to avoid " environmental suicide " .
National president Sandra Kanck wants Australia 's population of almost 22 million reduced to seven million to tackle climate change .
And restricting each couple to one baby , as China does , is " one way of assisting to reduce the population " .
" It 's something we need to throw into the mix , " the former Democrats parliamentarian told AAP .
The calls for the government to take urgent and clarifying action on Citigroup are growing louder by the blogpost , and coming from pretty much all sectors of the commentariat .
As the Opinionator noted yesterday , the Wall Street Journal has endorsed the idea , telling Obama to “ get on with it . ”
Inject another round of public capital if need be , but also replace the board and the management .
Give the new managers a mandate to sell Citi ’s various parts , many of which are viable , profitable businesses .
Declare publicly that this is merely a temporary process and that the Treasury ’s goal is to restore Citi to a healthy ( albeit smaller ) private bank as rapidly as possible .
That ’s pretty much the message that others are sending , in apparent hope that someone in the Obama administration remembers that whole “ fierce urgency of now ” idea and applies it to Citigroup .
Jeff Matthews for one has grown impatient with administration and Fed officials talking up the risks of nationalization .
In a post entitled “ Zombies Must Die , ” he takes issue with Ben Bernake ’s statement last week that the nationalization of Citigroup would harm the company ’s “ franchise value ” — other businesses , unsure of the bank ’s future , would be reluctant to work with it :
The notion that Citigroup and any other zombie bank could be less badly run under a Government shareholder than they have been under ownership by the Fidelitys and Vanguards of the world , is hard to fathom .
Bernanke ’s concern that the “ franchise value ” of the Balkan Empire that is CitiSmorgasbord would somehow be lost seems to us the figment of a fevered imagination clouded by too many white papers .
So why not get it over with already ?
Wipe out the shareholders whose job it was to hire managers to run the business effectively , and preserve for the taxpayers whatever potential upside might come as owner , rather than merely absorbing all the downside as lender - of - last - resort .
At the Big Picture , Barry Ritholtz says the problem may be that the word nationalization is “ fearful and loaded , ” and suggests moving “ beyond the N word . ”
Why do n’t we call it by a more accurate , precise , and less scary name : FDIC mandated , pre-packaged Chapter 11 , government funded reorganization .
That is an accurate description of what occurred with Washington Mutual ( WAMU ) now part of JPM Chase , and Wachovia , now part of Wells Fargo .
The Feds step in , seamlessly transfer control of the assets to a new owner , while simultaneously wiping out the debt , the shareholders , and giving a huge haircut to the bondholders .
Let ’s look at each of these in turn : • FDIC mandated :
What does that mean ?
Well , by law , the FDIC is required to handle the liquidation or reorgs of insolvent banking institutions .
We have prevented that normal process thru the application of trillions of dollars in bailout monies ; • pre-packaged
The entire process is mapped out in advance so as to make it fast and seamless .
WAMU depositors did not notice a single change over the weekend their FDIC mandated , pre-packaged Chapter 11 workout , government funded reorganizatio occured .
The only observable difference was that WAMU customers were no longer charged an ATM fee when they went to Chase ATMs , as it was now the same company ; • Chapter 11
The full bankruptcy protection applies — meaning employees still get paid , secured creditors do not suffer , and debtor in possession financing ( DiP ) is available to the bank ; • government funded The source of the DiP funding ; • reorganization Just what it sounds like — new board of directors , management transitions out to a new team , recaptalized , bad debt taken off of the books , toxic assets spun out .
At Bloomberg , David Reilly says that “ the nationalization debate is a smoke screen .
We ’ve already nationalized the big banks .
Let ’s just accept it and move on . ”
Once that happens , the government can give investors clarity on whether nationalization will do more than dilute shareholders ’ common stock .
It can stop wasting time trying to fashion support mechanisms that do n’t give the appearance of ownership .
And it can get about the business of forcing weak banks into the hands of the strong , or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
Instead , the government is trying to craft a plan that “ uses nationalization to prevent nationalization , ” according to a research note Tuesday from Christopher Low , chief economist at FTN Financial .
In other words , the government , if it has to take common equity in banks , wants to avoid owning more than 50 percent so it can sidestep claims of nationalization .
At Clusterstock , Henry Blodget concurs :
One of the big flaws of the current approach to the crisis , in fact , is that the government is already quasi- managing the banks ( see Citi ) , while insisting that it not actually taking them over .
. . .
The current situation is as unsustainable and damaging as long - term government ownership .
If “ nationalization ” becomes a multi - year workout process in which government bureaucrats determine which kind of toilet paper Citigroup should buy , “ nationalization ” will fail , too .
So what we ’re really pleading for is fast , tough decision - making that forces the banks to acknowledge reality ( asset writedowns ) , rebuilds their balance sheets ( debt to equity conversion and , possibly , new capital ) , and then puts them immediately back in private hands .
Not that everyone out there has signed up for nationalization .
At Ace of Spades HQ , Russ form Winterset recommends this video clip in which Jim Cramer compares bank nationalization to a “ disastrous Civil War battle ” :
I ’m not a big fan of Cramer ’s “ Mad Money ” show .
It ’s “ Financial Porn ” that I rarely watch ; HOWEVER , I happened to be channel surfing last night when I caught a snippet of his show that absolutely floored me with it ’s insight .
It ’s a long clip ( 12 minutes ) , but it ’s pretty good stuff .
Indeed it is .
It may not equal Santelli ’s cri de Tea Party , but it ’s vintage Cramer .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Pentagon said Monday that Chinese ships harassed a U.S. surveillance ship Sunday in the South China Sea in the latest of several instances of " increasingly aggressive conduct " in the past week .
The Navy says this photo shows two Chinese trawlers forcing the Impeccable to make an emergency " all stop . "
During the incident , five Chinese vessels " shadowed and aggressively maneuvered in dangerously close proximity to USNS Impeccable , in an apparent coordinated effort to harass the U.S. ocean surveillance ship while it was conducting routine operations in international waters , " the Pentagon said in a written statement .
The crew members aboard the vessels , two of which were within 50 feet , waved Chinese flags and told the U.S. ship to leave the area , the statement said .
" Because the vessels ' intentions were not known , Impeccable sprayed its fire hoses at one of the vessels in order to protect itself , " the statement said .
" The Chinese crewmembers disrobed to their underwear and continued closing to within 25 feet . "
After the Impeccable alerted the Chinese ships " in a friendly manner " that it was seeking a safe path to depart the area , two of the Chinese ships stopped " directly ahead of USNS Impeccable , forcing Impeccable to conduct an emergency ' all stop ' in order to avoid collision , " the statement said .
" They dropped pieces of wood in the water directly in front of Impeccable 's path . "
A Pentagon spokesman called the incident " one of the most aggressive actions we 've seen in some time .
We will certainly let Chinese officials know of our displeasure at this reckless and dangerous maneuver . "
He said the Chinese crew members used poles to try to snag the Impeccable 's acoustic equipment in the water .
Watch CNN 's Chris Lawrence report on the incident »
The U.S. Embassy in Beijing lodged a protest over the weekend with the Chinese government , a State Department spokesman said Monday .
The Impeccable 's crew is composed primarily of civilians and the ship itself is not armed , the spokesman said .
No one at the Chinese Foreign Ministry in Beijing answered CNN 's telephone calls seeking comment , and there were no stories about the incident in Chinese media .
The 281.5 - foot Impeccable is one of six surveillance ships that perform military survey operations , according to the Navy .
It is an oceanographic ship that gathers underwater acoustic data , using sonar .
It has a maximum speed of 13 knots -- or about 15 mph -- but it travels 3 knots , or 3.5 mph , when towing its array of monitoring equipment .
It carries a crew of 20 mariners , five technicians and as many as 20 Navy personnel .
The Chinese ships involved were a Navy intelligence collection ship , a Bureau of Maritime Fisheries Patrol Vessel , a State Oceanographic Administration patrol vessel and two small Chinese - flagged trawlers , the statement said .
The Pentagon cited three previous instances of what it described as harassment , the first of which occurred Wednesday , when a Chinese Bureau of Fisheries Patrol vessel used a spotlight to illuminate the the ocean surveillance ship USNS Victorious .
In that incident , which occurred about 125 miles from China 's coast in the Yellow Sea , the Chinese ship " crossed Victorious ' bow at a range of about 1,400 yards " in darkness without notice or warning .
The following day , a Chinese Y - 12 maritime surveillance aircraft conducted 12 fly - bys of Victorious at an altitude of about 400 feet and a range of 500 yards .
The next day , a Chinese frigate approached Impeccable " and proceeded to cross its bow at a range of approximately 100 yards , " which was followed less than two hours later by a Chinese Y - 12 aircraft conducting 11 fly - bys of Impeccable at an altitude of 600 feet and a range of 100 to 300 feet , the statement said .
" The frigate then crossed Impeccable 's bow yet again , this time at a range of approximately 400 - 500 yards without rendering courtesy or notice of her intentions . "
And on Saturday , a Chinese intelligence collection ship challenged Impeccable over bridge - to - bridge radio , " calling her operations illegal and directing Impeccable to leave the area or ' suffer the consequences , ' " the statement said .
In 2007 , the Pentagon filed a formal protest with Beijing over its refusal to allow a U.S. aircraft carrier to make a Thanksgiving port call in Hong Kong so its crew could spend the American holiday with relatives and over its refusal to grant refuge to two U.S. minesweeping ships that were caught in a storm .
And in 2001 , an EP - 3 surveillance plane collided with a Chinese fighter jet and made an emergency landing on China 's Hainan Island , where the Chinese held the plane 's 24 American crew members for 11 days before releasing them .
CNN 's Yuli Yang contributed to this report from Beijing , China .
All About The Pentagon • U.S. Navy • China
One day after saying they would not file charges against an Anaheim police officer who shot and killed a man outside his home , Orange County prosecutors Tuesday said the officer ’s actions were justified because he believed Julian Alexander was threatening him with a stick .
The officer , identified by prosecutors as Kevin Flanagan , a 10 - year veteran of the Anaheim Police Department , was chasing burglary suspects when he shot Alexander .
Police have acknowledged that Alexander , 20 , was not involved in the chase .
At a news conference Tuesday , Orange County Dist .
Atty .
Tony Rackauckas and two assistant prosecutors detailed the department ’s investigation into the shooting .
Alexander , they contend , raised his stick in front of Flanagan but may not have known that he was a police officer .
According to prosecutors , Flanagan was chasing four juveniles after midnight on Oct. 27 .
Hearing the commotion , prosecutors said , Alexander left his house armed with a stick that was 3 to 4 feet long and 1 1/2 inches in diameter .
Advertisement
At some point , one of the juveniles told prosecutors , Flanagan ordered Alexander to put the stick down .
The juveniles fled -- they were apprehended later that day -- and the officer and Alexander were left alone in the yard .
Prosecutors said Flanagan was the only witness to the shooting .
Flanagan told prosecutors that Alexander raised the stick to shoulder level and moved toward him , prompting him to fire two shots .
The shooting was justified , prosecutors said , because the officer reasonably believed that Alexander posed a threat of serious harm .
Advertisement
Brian Dunn , an attorney for Julian Alexander ’s widow , Renee Alexander , and daughter , who was born about a month after the shooting , said the family was disappointed by the decision not to file criminal charges against Flanagan .
“ Why would a man with no criminal history , with no predisposition for criminal wrongdoing , armed with a broomstick , attempt to initiate a violent confrontation with an armed law enforcement officer ?
That is not logical , ” Dunn said .
“ What is logical is that a poorly trained officer completely misperceived the situation and overreacted . ”
A spokesman for the Police Department said Flanagan , a patrol officer assigned to elementary and middle schools , had not been involved in any previous shootings as an officer .
He has returned to patrol duty .
In a statement , Chief John Welter said the department ’s command staff will review whether the officer ’s tactics were in line with training standards , as it does in all major use - of - force cases .
He called the shooting a “ tragic incident . ”
Advertisement
--
paloma.esquivel@latimes.com
tony.barboza@latimes.com
East Europe is about to blow .
If it does , it could take much of the EU with it .
It ’s an emergency situation but there are no easy solutions .
The IMF does n’t have the resources for a bailout of this size and the recession is spreading faster than relief efforts can be organized .
Finance ministers and central bankers are running in circles trying to put out one fire after another .
It ’s only a matter of time before they are overtaken by events .
If one country is allowed to default , the dominoes could begin to tumble through the whole region .
This could trigger dramatic changes in the political landscape .
The rise of fascism is no longer out of the question .
The UK Telegraph ’s economics editor Edmund Conway sums it up like this :
A “ second wave ” of countries will fall victim to the economic crisis and face being bailed out by the International Monetary Fund , its chief warned at the G7 summit in Rome . . . .
But with some countries ’ economies effectively dwarfed by the size of their banking sector and its financial liabilities , there are fears they could fall victim to balance of payments and currency crises , much as Iceland did before receiving emergency assistance from the IMF last year .
Foreign capital is fleeing at an alarming rate .
Nearly two - thirds gone in matter of months .
Deflation is pushing down asset prices , increasing unemployment , and compounding the debt - burden of financial institutions .
It ’s the same everywhere .
The economies are being hollowed out and stripped of capital .
Ukraine is teetering on the brink of bankruptcy .
Poland , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary have all slipped into a low - grade depression .
The countries that followed Washington ’s economic regimen have suffered the most .
They bet that debt - fueled growth and exports would lead to prosperity .
That dream has been shattered .
They have n’t developed their consumer markets , so demand is weak .
Capital is scarce and businesses are being forced to deleverage to avoid default .
All of Eastern Europe has gotten a margin call .
They need extra funds to cover the falling value of their equity .
They need a lifeline from the IMF or their economies will continue to crumble .
The UK Telegraph ’s economics correspondent Ambrose Evans - Pritchard has written a series of articles about Eastern Europe .
In “ Failure to Save East Europe Will Lead to Worldwide Meltdown ” he says :
“ Austria ’s finance minister Josef Pröll made frantic efforts last week to put together a € 150bn rescue for the ex-Soviet bloc .
Well he might .
His banks have lent € 230bn to the region , equal to 70 pc of Austria ’s GDP .
“ A failure rate of 10 pc would lead to the collapse of the Austrian financial sector , ” reported Der Standard in Vienna .
Unfortunately , that is about to happen .
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) says bad debts will top 10 pc and may reach 20 pc . . . .
Stephen Jen , currency chief at Morgan Stanley , said Eastern Europe has borrowed $ 1.7 trillion abroad , much on short - term maturities .
It must repay — or roll over — $ 400 bn this year , equal to a third of the region ’s GDP .
Good luck .
The credit window has slammed shut .
Almost all East bloc debts are owed to West Europe , especially Austrian , Swedish , Greek , Italian , and Belgian banks .
Plus , Europeans account for an astonishing 74 pc of the entire $ 4.9 trillion portfolio of loans to emerging markets .
They are five times more exposed to this latest bust than American or Japanese banks , and they are 50 pc more leveraged ( IMF data ) .
An economic crisis is quickly turning into a political crisis .
Riots have broken out in capitals across Eastern Europe .
Mr. Geithner had better be paying attention .
The prospects for political upheaval are growing .
Public anxiety can spill out onto the streets at a moments notice .
Governments must act quickly and with resolve .
These countries need hard currency and guarantees of support .
If they do n’t get help , the simmering public fury will turn into something much more lethal .
UK Telegraph ’s economics correspondent Ambrose Evans - Pritchard :
“ Global banks have so far written down half the $ 2,200bn losses estimated by the IMF .
On top of this , EU banks have $ 1,600bn of exposure to Eastern Europe — increasingly viewed as Europe ’s subprime debacle , and EU corporate debts are 95 pc of GDP compared to 50 pc in the US , a mounting concern as default rates surge .
“ It is essential that government support through asset relief should not be on a scale that raises concern about over - indebtedness or financing problems .
Such considerations are particularly important in the current context of widening budget deficits , rising public debt levels and challenges in sovereign bond issuance . ”
It ’s the same wherever banks merged their commercial and investment branches .
Debt has skyrocketed to unsustainable levels destabilizing the entire economy .
The banks have been operating like hedge funds , concealing their activities on off - balance sheets operations and maximizing their leverage through opaque debt - instruments .
Now the global economy is caught in the downdraft of a collapsing speculative bubble .
East Europe has been hit hard , but it ’s just the first of many bowling pins that will fall .
All of Europe has been infected by the same virus that originated on Wall Street .
Monday ’s New York Times summarizes developments in the EU :
Europe sank even deeper into recession than the United States in the closing months of last year , according to figures published Friday . . .
The economy of the 16 countries sharing the euro currency declined by 1.5 percent in the fourth quarter , ( an annualized drop of roughly 6 percent ) according to the European Union ’s statistics office .
That is even worse than the 1 percent decline in the United States economy during that period , compared with the previous quarter .
Today ’s data wipes out any illusion that the euro zone is getting off lightly in this global downturn , ” said Jörg Radeke , an economist at the Center for Economics and Business Research in London .
( “ Europe Slump Deeper than Expected ” )
The “ liquidationists ” would like to see governments cut off the flow of funds to ailing financial institutions and let them fail by themselves .
It ’s Darwinian madness , like waiting out a heart attack on the kitchen floor instead of rushing to the hospital for emergency care .
The global economy is decelerating at the fastest pace on record .
40 percent of global wealth has been wiped out .
The banking system is insolvent , unemployment is soaring , tax revenues are falling , the markets are in shock , housing is crashing , deficits are soaring , and consumer confidence is at its lowest point in history .
This is no time to cling to half - baked ideology .
The global economy is undergoing a massive system - wide contraction that could spin out of control and plunge us into another world war .
Political leaders need to grasp the urgency of the moment and keep the vehicle from careening into the ditch .
Another impressive example of pareidolia , found by Jeremy Olden in his house at Lake Stevens , Seattle .
Keep reading for the full image and a slightly creepy video showing our brain ’s pattern - recognition machine – or something supernatural , you decide .
source : Komonews.com
Now , if Old Man Winter is quite curious , the following may scare our scare - prone brains :
I probably do n’t have to point out that there ’s something to the right .
Which is not that interesting , but seconds later in the same video from where that came from , we have this :
Which to me vaguely resembles a kid sitting with his / her legs up in the chair .
Now , would you believe that two different examples of pareidolia would emerge just seconds apart in a video , both interpreted as a small kid ?
The screencaps are enhanced from the original video that can be downloaded here .
You can also watch the video in lower quality on Youtube , unfortunately the poster disabled embedding so you will have to click it and watch there .
I found it being discussed in the Skeptical Viewer Forums , where Stephen kindly quoted Forgetomori which made me sympathize strongly with him .
That and his down - to - earth commentary :
“ Looks like the images are pareidolia .
In the first image , they ’re shooting through a spider web , and I think that ’s what the girl is crisscrossing spider web strands with some dew on them .
It might seem strange to get that kind of image by chance , but it does happen .
A few things to pay attention to : her left side is cut off , so our brains tend to fill in symmetry when there ’s none there .
Also , the entire image is actually defined by just a few lines .
I think that what I ’ve highlighted in red is spider web , and the blue is either a dewdrop or the spider itself .
The second one had me looking closer , because the " body " seems to fade up dramatically .
If you frame - by - frame it , though , it looks like the body fades up twice , and both times when the flashlight point is at a particular angle to the chair .
I think it ’s a reflection of some kind from the chair .
The back of the chair is contoured , and the body seems to match the contours .
There ’s always the possibility of a hoax with this kind of an image , and my deconstruction could be a kind of reverse pareidolia ” .
In another thread in the forum , “ Dedicated - Dad ” provided some animated GIFs of the three relevant sequences .
Here , here and here .
I think Stephen nailed it .
Of course , the video could have been hoaxed instead , nowadays , anything is possible with a computer .
Personally , I think it ’s an authentic , non-adulterated video .
If it was hoaxed , the author deserves props for the subtlety .
Assuming it is authentic , it could also be the true record of a ghost or something , in which case you would have good reason to be scared .
Of Old Man Winter too , by the way .
If you are prone to believe it was something supernatural , I recommend our post on the best pareidolia ever , which also discusses the Wem Town Hall ghost , with another ghost girl .
And do n’t miss our post on ghostly simulacra , with yet another ghost kid for a good night of sleep .
[ Mostly all information on the video from the Skeptical Viewer Forums ]
Popularity : 4 % [ ? ]
Posted in Fortean
If you want to see why so many people can't stand their wireless company , look no further than T - Mobile 's ( DT ) attempt in Europe to get the Skype app banned even over wi-fi from Apple 's ( AAPL ) iPhone .
It 's easy to understand why carriers think they need to be afraid of Skype , eBay 's ( EBAY ) Internet phone and messaging service .
In theory , it could disrupt the carriers ' own phone and messaging services .
But it 's really not that bad .
As we pointed out earlier this week , Skype on the iPhone is little to no threat to carriers .
Tethered to wi -fi hotspots , it 's not nearly as convenient as real phone calls .
And you still have to pay your phone bill whether you use the minutes or not .
The broader point is that people are running out of patience with carriers that want to micro-manage their behavior .
If anything , carriers should be thrilled that people are buying fancy iPhones , paying for mobile Internet service ( which the vast majority of people still do n't do ) and using their phones more extensively and intimately than ever before .
We 're happy with anything mobile carriers ( or any companies ) want to do to boost revenues and profits , whether it 's offering add - on " services " like mobile video or visual voicemail ; advertising ; new business models ; whatever .
But restricting people from services that are n't malicious and do n't severely disrupt carriers ' revenue collection -- which Skype on the iPhone does not -- is not going to help in the long run .
( If anything , they should be more worried about Apple 's " push notifications " system , coming this summer , which could disrupt carriers ' lucrative text messaging businesses . )
Episodes like this are exactly why people flock to customer - minded companies like Apple and only want a reliable ' dumb pipe ' voice and data connection from the phone company .
MrHoon Profile Blog Joined April 2008 9929 Posts Last Edited : 2009-02-10 10:07:11 #
1
Link
At 2/6 , Shine has announced that he will not be playing for the OGN sparkys .
KTF hopes by buying
Shine they will have a player who can support KTF 's Terran Line , which consists of Flash .
They hope Shine 's long time experience will allow him to teach younger KTF players to do well on TV .
---------------------------------
Interview Zomg !
-------------------------------------------
- You were bought by KTF
▲ It will be a great experience for me .
I am worried I might have a hard time adjusting , but Luxury is there so I do n't think it will be much of a problem .
For me this is a chance of a lifetime , and it will allow me to make a fresh start .
- How did you feel when the deal with KTF was finalized ?
▲ I talked alot with my head coach .
I was really worried , but my head coach told me some good things .
- Your OGN teammates would be sad
▲ They were sad , but I will try harder in KTF .
- Are you expecting yourself to become a better player at KTF ?
▲ There are good players there so I think I will learn alot .
If I practice hard I will get the chance to play more games , which makes me happy .
I will do my best .
- KTF is a huge chance for you
▲ In OGN , we have many terran players and all of them are incredibly good so it is hard to play on TV .
But I believe this is the same for KTF .
If I do bad , regardless of what team I wo n't be able to play .
I think because of the different environment I can do better .
- Whats your goal at KTF ?
▲ A part of me wants to be Flash 's backup terran , but the other part of me wants to make an image of myself in KTF
- You wo n't be able to play at February
▲ I think this is for the better .
I will be able to practice in the KTF household for 1 full month .
If I would be sent out on the first day I wo n't do good , but this 1 month will allow me to get ready and fit in more .
- Any words for the new start ?
▲ My results recently were really bad , but I guess the KTF staff saw something inside of me , so in return I will practice hard , letting them know I was a good choice .
I want to thank all the players , coaches and managers in OGN .
My parents were worried if the transfer would go bad , but I will do well making them happy .
I may not be young , but this feels like a chance that will allow me to start fresh again !
- Words for your fans ?
▲ Alot of people were shocked when they heard about this and I do n't blame them .
I will do my best raising up my results .
At 2/6 , Shine has announced that he will not be playing for the OGN sparkys .
KTF hopes by buying Shine they will have a player who can support KTF 's Terran Line , which consists of Flash .
They hope Shine 's long time experience will allow him to teach younger KTF players to do well on TV . -
You were bought by KTF ▲
It will be a great experience for me .
I am worried I might have a hard time adjusting , but Luxury is there so I do n't think it will be much of a problem .
For me this is a chance of a lifetime , and it will allow me to make a fresh start . -
How did you feel when the deal with KTF was finalized ?▲
I talked alot with my head coach .
I was really worried , but my head coach told me some good things . -
Your OGN teammates would be sad ▲
They were sad , but I will try harder in KTF .-
Are you expecting yourself to become a better player at KTF ?▲
There are good players there so I think I will learn alot .
If I practice hard I will get the chance to play more games , which makes me happy .
I will do my best .- KTF is a huge chance for you ▲
In OGN , we have many terran players and all of them are incredibly good so it is hard to play on TV .
But I believe this is the same for KTF .
If I do bad , regardless of what team I wo n't be able to play .
I think because of the different environment I can do better .-
Whats your goal at KTF ?▲
A part of me wants to be Flash 's backup terran , but the other part of me wants to make an image of myself in KTF -
You wo n't be able to play at February ▲
I think this is for the better .
I will be able to practice in the KTF household for 1 full month .
If I would be sent out on the first day I wo n't do good , but this 1 month will allow me to get ready and fit in more . -
Any words for the new start ?▲
My results recently were really bad , but I guess the KTF staff saw something inside of me , so in return I will practice hard , letting them know I was a good choice .
I want to thank all the players , coaches and managers in OGN .
My parents were worried if the transfer would go bad , but I will do well making them happy .
I may not be young , but this feels like a chance that will allow me to start fresh again !-
Words for your fans ?▲
Alot of people were shocked when they heard about this and I do n't blame them .
I will do my best raising up my results .
KTF Lee Ji Hoon Head Coach
Alot of people were asking " Why not a protoss first ? "
And to that I say this .
Right now , Flash is suffering alot .
He is getting too tired , and worn out .
When Flash gets tired , we can't just dump everything on Luxury .
I know alot of Flash fans were angry at us because Flash did everything .
So after much discussion we 've decided it would be the best if we recruited an experienced Terran player , who can take 1 win and practice with Flash alot so he does n't get stressed up .
Netizenz Zomg , I have n't done this in a while
Netizen
Well , this is really awkward .
Netizen
Most random ass thing I 've ever heard .
Netizen
Buy a Protoss from OGN you dumbasses .
OH WAIT LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Netizen
MBC OGN Farm team .
Netizen
OGN WILL DIE OUT , JUST LIKE MBC
Netizen
Why the fuck would you buy an another terran
Netizen
KTF = OGN , SKT = MBC , stop fucking teams up you faggots .
Netizen
Dont go ........
Damn you Leta !
Netizen
KTF should call themselves KOR now
Netizen
Why not Tazza or Horang2 ?
Netizen
This is so fucking random , jesus nobody can predict shit like this
Netizen
I think it was a good idea .
Atleast Flash will have a practice partner with a winrate over 10 % .
Netizen
omg , give him to Woongjin wtf ....
Cmon man thats so unfair
Netizen
OMG YES PERVERTED TERRAN
Netizen
KTF should 've bought light
Netizen
KTF can't buy Light , SKT would sue them
Netizen
lol
Netizen
lol ktf , out of all the players , you chose Shine .
Netizen
Good Luck !
Netizen
KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS Netizenz Zomg , I have n't done this in a whileWell , this is really awkward .
Most random ass thing I 've ever heard .
Buy a Protoss from OGN you dumbasses .
OH WAIT LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLMBC
OGN
Farm team .
OGN WILL DIE OUT , JUST LIKE MBCWhy the fuck would you buy an another terranKTF = OGN , SKT = MBC , stop fucking teams up you faggots .
Dont go ........
Damn you Leta !KTF should call themselves KOR now Why not Tazza or Horang2 ?
This is so fucking random , jesus nobody can predict shit like this I think it was a good idea .
Atleast Flash will have a practice partner with a winrate over 10%.omg , give him to Woongjin wtf ....
Cmon man thats so unfairOMG YES PERVERTED TERRANKTF should 've bought lightKTF can't buy Light , SKT would sue themlollol ktf , out of all the players , you chose Shine .
Good Luck !KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS KTF SPARKYS dats racist
Click to print ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
If you ’re as addicted to reddit as we are here — visit the brand - new reddit .
TV to channel - surf through reddit ’s Best of the Web video , or browse by category : Music , Geek , Sports …
And you ’ll see a nice red button that will bring up the hottest TED videos on reddit at the moment .
We ’re thrilled to be partnering with reddit for the launch of this great new video toy .
The nature of technology means that today 's cutting - edge gadget or service is often tomorrow 's old news .
So it 's easy for once - mighty tech brands to get left behind , whether because they 're displaced by better technology , or because the marketing department decided it was time for something new .
We 've highlighted 25 tech brands that were either huge hits or had huge hype over the last 25 years or so -- brands that you 're far less likely to be using today .
Click on each brand for a mini- profile -- what they meant at their prime , and what they 're up to now -- or scroll through the list beginning here ( use the scroll keys to the right of the text , under the " Tech 's Forgotten Brands " graphic ) .
1. AltaVista
2. Amiga
3. Atari
4. Broderbund
5. CDNow
6. Commodore
7. Compuserve
8. CueCat
9. Cyberian Outpost
10 . Divx
11 . Egghead Software
12 . eToys
13 . Geocities
14 . Inktomi
15 . Iomega
16 . Lotus
17 . Lycos
18 . Netscape
19 . Packard Bell
20 . Prodigy
21 . Silicon Graphics
22 . Tandy
23 . Tomagatchi
24 . U.S. Robotics
25 . WordPerfect
Sending them out to chase shadows ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 4/27/2009 , 11:12 am PT
Opinion by guest blogger , Ernest A. Canning
Keith Olbermann was astonished ( full video below ) :
Despite the new wealth of evidence that the Bush administration ’s desire to torture suspects was driven by a desire to gin up phony links between Iraq and al Qaeda , not by concerns about another terrorist attack , former Vice President Cheney is sticking to his story that it was all about terrorism .
In part II of his interview with Fixed News , the Dark Lord accusing the Obama administration of not believing that the U.S. is threatened by terrorism .
The Fox " News " interview was vintage Cheney .
He referred to torture as “ a robust interrogation program on detainees ” that was vital “ to the very existence of the nation . ”
CHENEY : What the Obama administration is doing , in effect , is saying that we do n’t need those tough policies that we had .
That says , either they did n’t work , which we know is not the case — they did work , they kept us safe for seven years ...
You have to see a Cheney performance in order to appreciate the effectiveness of Cheney propaganda .
Unlike George W. Bush , who was inclined to trip over his own tongue , Cheney has perfected the quiet lie .
His words may be false but he delivers them as facts so uncontroversial you ’d think he was a local network anchor reporting on traffic conditions ...
Cheney disarms the opposition by forcing them into the difficult task of disproving a negative .
In the face of mounting evidence that , as a tool for gathering intelligence , torture is worthless , Cheney says it worked ; that the proof is to be found in the memos that Obama failed to release * .
The strategy matches the brilliance of the WMD canard , which sent UN inspectors scurrying about the Iraqi countryside trying to find weapons that did not exist .
Here , Cheney uses his obligation not to disclose classified memos as the reason why he cannot prove torture was effective .
Even if Obama were to emulate the Caine Mutiny ’s Captain Queeg and order a search for these missing strawberries ( memos ) , Cheney could come back and say , “ you did n’t look hard enough ” when the current administration reports that none could be found .
Like the WMD canard , the missing memo claim was placed within the so - called " war on terror " frame .
The difference in effectiveness flows from Cheney 's loss of ability to practice information dominance across the entire span of the corporate - owned media .
In the run-up to the invasion of Iraq , three lies --- WMD , Saddam ’s alleged links to al Qaeda and to 9/11 --- were all part of a master narrative .
Against a reality of a near helpless Iraq , crippled by thirteen years of U.N. sanctions and an ongoing aerial assault by American and British forces in the " no- fly " zones , the Bush / Cheney cabal raised the specter of nuclear bombs being passed off to al Qaeda , of the risk that the " smoking gun " could come as " a mushroom cloud . "
It did n't matter that the U.S. spends more on its military than the rest of the world combined or that it possessed the most powerful array of weaponry and delivery systems ever assembled .
9/11 , Cheney contended then and continues to claim now , proved we 're vulnerable .
The only solution was for the gloves to come off , to couple a " robust interrogation " program against al Qaeda with a preemptive strike against Iraq .
The propaganda was exceedingly effective .
A study by the Program on International Policy Attitudes ( PIPA ) of the University of Maryland cited by Danny Schechter in When News Lies : Media Complicty & the Iraq War ( 2006 ) revealed not only that 80 % of Fox " News " viewers held at least one of these misperceptions but that viewers of other major networks were not far behind --- the number was 71 % at CBS , 61 % at ABC , 55 % each at CNN and NBC as compared to only 23 % at PBS .
A Feb. 28 , 2006 Le Moyne College / Zogby
Poll underscores the effectiveness of propaganda , especially for those who do not have access to a counter - narrative .
While much has been made of the poll ’s revelation of the number 72 , representing the percentage of troops serving in Iraq who felt the U.S. should withdraw within a year , the telling statistic is the number 85 — the percentage of troops serving in Iraq who , at that late date , still believed the U.S. mission was intended “ to retaliate for Saddam ’s role in the 9 - 11 attacks ”
Steve Tatham , who had headed the British Royal Navy ’s Media Operation in Iraq from November 2002 to April 2003 , revealed that “ the only TV station that was broadcasting continuously into military accommodations , the eating areas , the living spaces , even on the ships , was Fox News . ”
While the corporate - media remains all - too dependent upon " official source " journalism , outside the faux news at Fox and right - wing talk radio , Cheney propaganda is offset not only by the growing influence of alternative media but by the fact that the former Vice President is no longer the official source .*
_______________
* Cheney is either a new convert to the value of the Freedom of Information Act or he is operating under the delusion that he 's still in charge .
The former VP told Fox News [ Emphasis added ]
" I 've now formally asked the CIA to take steps to declassify those memos ... "
In addition to the broad declassification request , the former VP , who had infamously paid CIA analysts personal visits as he fixed the intelligence to fit the Iraq invasion policy , asked that two " top secret " CIA memos that had been kept inside his office , in a file marked " detainees , " now be declassified .
While I personally think there are way too many government secrets , I 'd swallow anything Cheney wanted released with a very large grain of salt .
Both he and the CIA have mastered the deceptive art of plausible deniability .
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California State Bar since 1977 and has practiced in the fields of civil litigation and workers ' compensation at both the trial and appellate levels .
He graduated cum laude from Southwestern University School of Law where he served as a student director of the clinical studies department and authored the Law Review Article , Executive Privilege : Myths & Realities .
He received an MA in political science at Cal State University Northridge and a BA in political science from UCLA .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
Did the Phoenix spacecraft find liquid water on Mars ?
BY CRAIG COVAULT
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : March 8 , 2009
Post - mission analysis of Phoenix Mars lander data is turning up strong new " smoking gun evidence " that the spacecraft discovered liquid water on the Red Planet .
The data that Phoenix imaged and touched liquid water is a stunning discovery that directly relates to the potential for current or past life on Mars .
This mosaic assembled from Phoenix images show the spacecraft 's three landing legs .
Splotches of Martian material on the landing leg strut at left could be liquid saline - water .
See the enlargement below .
Credit : Kenneth Kremer , Marco Di Lorenzo , NASA / JPL / UA / Max Planck Institute
See larger image here
Aside from the direct search for life itself , it has been the search for liquid water that could support life that has been the " Holy Grail " of Mars exploration since the 1960s .
The discovery has historic implications far beyond the lander 's earlier finding of hard - frozen water ice .
That 's because as far as science knows today , life can exist in the salty brine - like water found by Phoenix , but it can not form in hard - frozen water also found by Phoenix at its north polar landing site , where nighttime winter temperatures are routinely - 100 degrees F .
In an equally important finding , the Phoenix team says the data collected indicate that such liquid water is not only at the landing site , but likely exists currently at many locations around Mars .
The findings are compiled in a new report " The Physical and Thermodynamic Evidence for Liquid Water on Mars . "
The report will be presented March 23 at the 40th Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Houston .
It has been signed by 22 members of the Phoenix science team and the mission 's principal investigator , Peter Smith , of the University of Arizona , who led the U of A / Jet Propulsion Laboratory team .
It is imagery of splotches of Martian material on the spacecraft 's landing gear that moved , then merged , that convinced the nearly two dozen Phoenix scientists that " liquid saline - water exists in areas disturbed by the lander , " says the report .
This is described as " smoking gun " evidence for the presence of liquid water at the landing site .
This stunningly significant finding of contemporary brine - like water on surface of Mars has major implications for the potential for current Martian life .
It does not guarantee life , however , because the fluid could be too fleeting and salty for life .
But it does also help to explain the apparently recent erosional features seen by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Scientists earlier believed all of the water carved features on Mars were created billions of years ago � but many of those features did not fit with such old geology .
Close up shows splashes of material on lander leg strut .
Image : Kenneth Kremer , Marco Di Lorenzo , NASA / JPL / UA / Max Planck Institute .
The lander data provides both thermodynamic and physical evidence for the widespread existence of current high salt content water on Mars , say the Phoenix investigators .
As is anything involving the potential for life on another planet , the data will be hotly debated .
But the new Phoenix findings that have come together since the lander ceased functioning in early November and are gaining remarkably wide support .
The science team members involved in the findings represent laboratories and universities in Canada and Europe as well as the U.S. Although Phoenix never directly observed liquid water in the soil or subsurface water ice , scientists believe the material was there and was splashed up on the landing struts by the spacecraft 's descent engines at touchdown on May 25 .
Based on multiple Phoenix and other Mars data sources , the science team says it is confident in saying " we hypothesize that liquid saline - water is [ currently ] common on Mars . "
Science team members say in the paper that the finding will affect virtually every aspect of Mars research , including new Mars spacecraft development beyond the Mars Science Laboratory rover set for launch in 2011 .
" This finding has important implications for the stability of liquid water , weather , mineralogy , geochemistry and the habitability of Mars , " says the paper .
The primary author is Nilton Renno of the University of Michigan .
The findings also draw heavily on Ames Research Center studies by Aarn Zent .
His work found that water molecules in the Martian atmosphere condense as thin films of water on soil particles on the ground � and in this case on the Phoenix landing gear .
The hard - surface ice feature beneath the lander dubbed " Snow Queen " changed in appearance during the Phoenix mission .
Credit : Kenneth Kremer , Marco Di Lorenzo , NASA / JPL / UA / Max Planck Institute
See larger image here
A key factor in maintaining enough unfrozen moisture in the soil to make it habitable is the presence of perchlorate salts that greatly decrease the freezing temperature of water .
The perchlorate found by Phoenix keeps enough of the moisture in a wet , rather than frozen state that it could support life forms like those found on Earth in extremely dry locations like the Dry Valleys of Antarctica , says this and other Phoenix data to be presented at LPSC .
There is also other strong Earth - and Mars - based evidence supporting the brine - water findings for Mars .
Such brines are just 2 - 10 centimeters below the surface in the Antarctica Dry Valleys .
The rovers Spirit and Opportunity have also found evidence of such brines from periods long ago on Mars .
" And the presence of brines on Mars is consistent with the evidence of aqueous alteration in Mars meteorites while they were on Mars , " the science team found .
" Finally , brines have a large dielectric constant that can cause attenuation of radar signals .
This attenuation of radar seems to occur often as measured by the NASA Mars orbiters , " says the Phoenix paper .
Phoenix died in November , overwhelmed by increasing cold winter temperatures .
It is unlikely , but possible , the spacecraft will come back to life in October when sunlight is at the maximum .
But engineers doubt it because they believe Phoenix will have been encased in carbon dioxide ice that will have snapped off its solar arrays .
I wrote From Java to Ruby : Things Every Manager should Know not for programmers , but for technical decision makers .
Ruby advocates have done an excellent job of helping new developers understand the intricacies of Ruby and the flagship Rails frameworks , but less information is available for managers and executives deciding between technologies .
In the last article of this series , I discussed strategies for establishing a pilot project in a Java shop .
In this article , I 'll examine the changing risk profiles for Java and Ruby .
In the mainstream , " Ruby is risky " is a common perception , and for good reason .
New languages are inherently risky .
As Ruby on Rails moves closer to the mainstream , that risk will decrease , because you 'll have access to a growing set of programmers , components ( called gems or plug- ins ) , books , and business partners .
You 'll also see the mainstream opinion that " Java is safe " .
On this point , I strongly disagree .
As any language bloats , the risk will often increase .
To understand what 's happening on this front today , it pays to examine Java 's initial adoption .
Technology adoption profiles
Many analysts have described models for technology adoption .
One of the most popular was defined in Iowa to describe the adoption of agricultural products , and was later described in the context of technology in a book called Crossing the Chasm by Geoffrey A. Moore .
In it , Moore describes the technology adoption cycle in five distinct groups :
Technologists .
This group is predisposed to adopt new technologies .
Any promising technology can attract this group .
Early adopters .
This group will adopt new technologies for competitive advantage , regardless of whether they are successful in the mainstream .
Pragmatists .
This group will adopt technologies once they become mainstream , or have a steep enough growth curve to effectively assure widespread adoption .
Conservatives .
This group will adopt technologies only after it becomes necessary .
Skeptics .
This group may adopt very late , or may never adopt a given technology .
Related Sponsored Content 3 Common Pitfalls in Microservice Integration – And How to Avoid Them
Moore argues that the key to technology adoption is getting pragmatists on board .
Since pragmatists require mass adoption , this middling group wants to see other pragmatists use a technology before that group is willing to make a commitment .
It 's a catch - 22 .
You can't get pragmatists without other pragmatists .
For that reason , you 'll often see a downward trend in a market acceptance curve after the early adopters are on board , but before the pragmatists .
Moore called this downward trend the chasm , and this notion should be at the center of a risk discussion surrounding any new technology .
Moore 's solution was to focus on crossing the chasm in stages .
Normally , you can't cross the chasm with one big leap .
You need to niche - market .
Java did so by attacking the Internet clients first with Applets , and then moving into server - side computing , mobile , and other niches such as mobile computing and enterprise architectures .
In Beyond Java , I argue that the chasm for programming languages is especially severe .
Most of us recognize that an investment in Lisp may lead to productivity gains , but also will make it more difficult to find programmers , education , libraries , and components .
We 'll also have to spend more than we'd like to do any significant integration .
For this reason , the mass market will adopt a major new programming language only every ten years or so .
You can easily see this trend in server - side programming languages .
COBOL and Fortran emerged in 1954 and 1961 , C in the early 1970 ) , C++ in the mid 1980s , and Java in 1996 .
I 'd throw C# into the mix as effectively a Java clone , though there 's room for some argument .
Many other languages emerged over this time , but none received the dominant adoption of those above .
Risk is the overriding reason that so many resist new programming language adoption .
Java 's risk profile
Java once had to overcome high risk .
At the time , most server - side programming was in the C++ programming language .
C++ was effectively a systems language , adapted to applications development .
The C family succeeded in that space because client - server development -- and user - interface development -- demanded a combination of performance and flexibility that was not available in many languages of the time .
To overcome the risk of adopting a new language , Java needed three conditions to be true :
C++ developers had to experience a high level of pain .
Pointer arithmetic ( combined with the lack of compile - time safety ) led to difficult family of bugs .
Memory management made leaks commonplace .
C++ was simply too difficult for many applications developers .
These problems increased the risk profile for C ++.
Java needed to solve some problems that C++ could not .
The Java language provided simplicity , portability , and libraries that C++ could n't touch .
These factors reduced the overall risk profile for Java , keeping teams smaller and radically improving productivity .
Java needed a catalyst .
With the exploding Internet , applets embedded into NetScape provided a compelling reason for C developers to take a look at Java .
The C++ like syntax simplified the transition .
Java was able to quickly grab a massive community , and a Microsoft backlash escalated the transition .
Java 's explosion was bigger than anything we 'd ever seen since , and was much larger than anything we 're likely to see in my lifetime , but the blueprint is clear .
To establish a new language , the old language needs to be painful , the new language needs to overcome that pain in a compelling way , and finally rapidly accumulate a community through some catalyst .
Java got a foothold quickly as an Internet applications language on the client side .
Though the toehold with applets was tenuous , Java quickly moved onto the server side because it offered features that application developers found useful , including :
Memory management
A cleaner inheritance model
Better features for object orientation
Portability
Internet libraries
Security
... and many others .
In my opinion , Java is the most successful programming language of all time .
Over time , through growth , Java became less risky , and eventually dominated the market for server - side Internet programming .
Commercial investment , the pool of programmers , available education , open source frameworks , and many kinds of published information all drive risks down .
The reason is intuitive and clear .
Risk associated with a programming language decreases dramatically with marketshare once the language crosses the chasm .
Java has had an amazingly successful run .
But programming languages do not remain the state of the art indefinitely .
All successful languages bloat , because they must adopt to the changing needs of their users .
Successful programming languages cannot move as quickly as others because they must maintain a certain level of backward compatibility to satisfy a growing user base .
As the technology lags and the language bloats , a different kind of risk profile emerges .
For the new risk profile , risks related to marketshare decrease as risks based on the programmer 's ability to effectively get work done increase .
So far , I 've focused on the marketplace risks of an emerging technology .
As Java reaches its 10th year , another kind of risk assessment becomes necessary .
Many influential books , such as The Mythical Man Month , Death March , and Peopleware preach about a different kind of risk :
Poor productivity leads to larger teams and longer schedules
Risk increases with project length
Risk increases with the size of a team
Quality risks , measured in the numbers of bugs , increase with the size of a code base
Risk increases with cost
Integration costs increase with complexity
As a programming language -- or even a programming paradigm -- ages , the language will often slip in terms of productivity , and expressiveness , relative to the state of the art .
Project teams will need to increase in size , and programmers will need to write more lines of code to solve the same problem .
Both of these factors inherently increase risk .
All of these factors lead to an inevitable conclusion .
Toward the end of market dominance , productivity risks associated with a language will increase relative to the state of the art .
Whether and how this happens within the Java language is the subject of intense debate .
Certainly , Java remains the best language for solving a whole host of enterprise problems , such as very large projects , or those with certain demands such as two - phased commit or hardcore object - relational mapping .
Java 's commercial investment has never been stronger , and the community is at an all - time high .
But cracks in the foundation may be beginning to appear .
Java 's Enterprise JavaBeans framework , WS * style web services , and JEE have come under increasing criticism for complexity and sagging productivity .
James Duncan Davidson , one of the fathers of the servlet , says Java is no longer as approachable as it once was .
It 's harder to educate a typical Java developer to solve the most common programming problems : database - backed web applications .
Circumstantial evidence is emerging that shows frameworks on other languages , most notably Ruby on Rails , are several times as productive for solving niche problems .
High - profile Java developers -- James Duncan Davidson , Mike Clark , Justin Gehtland , Stuart Halloway , and many others -- have reported very high productivity after using Rails in that important niche : greenfield database - backed web applications .
Certainly , my private experience is that I can build , deploy and maintain such applications with far less effort using Ruby on Rails .
These reports will be broadly debated , just as the early reports of Java 's productivity were .
Remember , Java emerged first in a variety of niches before it expanded more broadly .
Programmer productivity was one of the most important criteria driving Java 's early growth .
Keep in mind Moore 's theory for the emergence of technologies .
You 'll best cross the chasm not with one giant leap , but one niche at a time .
I strongly believe that complexity and sagging productivity are driving Java 's risks up now .
Inherent Ruby risks
Ruby is no different than any other emerging programming language .
Lack of commercial investment , a limited pool of developers , and lack of experience all will add risk to an emerging language .
Here are the biggest risks I 've encountered .
Lack of talent .
It 's harder to find existing Ruby developers .
As it did with Java , that fact will change quickly , but right now , if you need to build large teams in a short time , you 're better off with an established market leader such as Java .
Lack of experience .
Some LAMP languages have established track records .
Google uses Python ; many major .
COMs use Perl or C .
There 's not yet a flagship account for Ruby that shows massive scalability , or complex enterprise integration .
We just do n't know if it can solve a certain class of problems .
Deployment and profiling strategies .
Ruby on Rails has been out for less than a year , so deployment and profiling experience is n't nearly as rich as it is for competing languages .
Lack of libraries .
Ruby does not have nearly as rich a set as libraries as Java .
Lack of commercial investment .
You have to work harder to find Ruby consulting , education , or contractors , and off - shoring is practically nonexistent .
There are many others .
Still , you can effectively mitigate risks associated with Ruby .
Take performance - related risks .
Though the body of knowledge around large - scale Ruby deployments is limited , you can learn if you look in the right places .
The industry has a wealth of knowledge of other LAMP - languages such as PhP , Perl , and Python .
The deployment mechanisms , web servers , and shared - nothing strategies for scalability are all similar .
Or consider staffing .
Do n't underestimate your ability to build an effective staff through internal training .
My training schedule for new Java developers for Spring , Eclipse , Hibernate , and WebWork is effectively five times as long as a similar schedule for a Ruby on Rails developer .
You can do well by starting with a programming language with characteristics similar to Ruby , such as Perl , Python , or Smalltalk .
If you want to build a programmer from scratch , you 'll probably build a productive Ruby developer at least as fast as you can train a Java developer how to use the latest bevy of frameworks .
And think about libraries .
How much do you really need ?
If you need distributed , two - phased commit , use Java .
If you need perfect integration into Microsoft Office macros , use .NET .
But if you 're building operating system scripts for integration , or greenfield database backed applications , Ruby will have just about everything you need .
And you can often build what you need if it 's not there .
I work with one company that built their own database driver in two weeks , but more than made up that time over the rest of the project .
I talked to another that extended Oracle support by patching existing code in four hours .
Thoughtworks built RBatis , Ruby 's version of iBATIS , in a very short time .
So Ruby 's risks are often overstated when you consider the whole picture , especially if Java is not giving you everything you need .
The best way to put these risks into perspective is often to try Ruby for yourself .
Use Rails to build something nontrivial , and make a call based on what you find .
Do n't buy into the myths .
Myth versus reality
Rails is a silver bullet .
People have failed with Rails , and many more will fail .
If you apply it without the requisite skills , you 'll fail too .
On a similar note , if Java 's not your problem , Ruby will not be the answer .
Most software development problems are not related to technology .
If you 're thrashing , Ruby on Rails will only help you thrash faster .
Choosing Ruby is too risky , because you could guess wrong .
The primary risk of adopting any new language is that you 'll guess wrong , and be left with a stagnated set of libraries .
That 's certainly a significant risk , but that problem is in no way limited to just Ruby .
Within Java , you need to make potentially dozens of small decisions about major libraries , any of which can leave you with a struggling , stagnating code base .
Should you pick Spring , or EJB 3 for declarative transactions ?
Is the Java Persistence Architecture the right choice , or is Hibernate ultimately the answer ?
What 's the right answer for the Web MVC layer , a fading Struts , or something cleaner ?
Within Ruby , choosing a web development framework is much easier .
You 'll likely be working with Rails .
The dynamic nature of the language also makes it easier to decouple layers of the architecture , making certain decisions much less invasive than their Java counterparts .
It 's always easier to staff a Java project .
Java does have a much larger pool of developers , but the community has significant fragmentation .
If you want to use an integrated stack , your choices are limited .
Even if you do choose a popular stack such as Spring , your developers must learn potentially dozens of libraries that are specific to a given project .
In this case , Java 's core strength , a plethora of libraries , works against it .
In contrast , most Ruby developers know Rails .
Also , you typically need more Java developers to handle a similar task .
Sometimes , staffing for Java is easier .
Sometimes , it 's not .
Rails cannot scale .
Ruby on Rails actually has good scalability .
The caching model is strong , and the shared - nothing architecture has proven effective dozens of times over within the LAMP community .
In reality , we know that Ruby on Rails can scale to moderately large applications .
We do n't know at all whether or not Ruby on Rails can handle very large application deployments .
Nothing inherent in the architecture leads me to believe that it is a dead end .
For typical applications , the latency is in the database anyway .
Rails integration options are too limited .
Rails has very good support of ReST - based web services .
Ruby also has emerging support for the JVM through JRuby and Microsoft 's virtual machine , called the CLR in a separate project .
Good messaging options are emerging as well .
In the end , you 'll be in good shape if you pick the best tool for the job .
Good teams can succeed with either Java or Ruby .
Wrapping up : What actions can you take ?
If you 're considering using Ruby , there 's a wealth of information at your fingertips .
Talk to people who have done both Java and Ruby effectively .
Read about the frameworks .
Check out From Java to Ruby .
If you do n't think you can leave Java but want a lightweight development experience , check out the Java projects that give you better leverage , such as RIFE , JMatter , or Wicket .
If you think Ruby might be a good choice , consider these suggestions :
Pick the right tool for the job .
Ruby on Rails is not a silver bullet .
It 's a highly - tailored environment for database - backed web applications .
It will work much better with new database schemas , or those you can modify to take advantage of Rails defaults .
Plan your team ramp - up carefully .
You wo n't be able to throw out an ad on Monster.com and staff the project in three days .
You might want to consider training some or all of your developers , and recruiting a few top Rails developers , or taking on some limited consulting help to jump - start things .
Know your legacy integration points .
Often , the hardest part of a project is defining interactions with external systems .
Your initial proof - of - concept work should work through some of these touch points , at least to the point where you 're comfortable with your solutions .
If you 're not sure , do a pilot , or go with the conservative option .
The best risk mitigation is always good judgement .
About the author
Bruce
Tate is a mountain biker , kayaker and father of two in Austin , Texas .
He has written nine programming books , including two on Ruby and five on Java .
He is the founder of RapidRed , a company with a focus on lightweight development technologies including Ruby and Rails , offering development , consulting , and training .
Bruce is recognized worldwide as an excellent speaker , programmer , trainer , and consultant .
