When the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change issue its last report in 2007 , environmental tipping points were a footnote .
A troubling footnote , to be sure , but the science was relatively new and unsettled .
Straightforward global warming was enough to worry about .
But when the IPCC meets in 2014 , tipping points — or tipping elements , in academic vernacular — will get much more attention .
Scientists still disagree about which planetary systems are extra-sensitive to climate shifts , but the possibility can't be ignored .
" The problem with tipping elements is that if any of them tips , it will be a real catastrophe .
None of them are small , " said Anders Levermann , a climate physicist at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany .
Levermann 's article on potential disruptions of South Asia 's monsoon cycles was featured in a series of tipping element research reviews , published December 8 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Also discussed were ocean circulation , polar icecaps , Amazon rainforests , seafloor methane deposits and a west African dustbowl .
Each is stressed by rising planetary temperatures .
Some are less likely than others to tip ; some might not be able to tip at all .
Ambiguities , probabilities a limited grasp of Earth 's complex systems are inherent to the science .
But if any tip , it will be an epic disaster .
Wired Science takes you on a tour .
Image : Earth 's Eastern and Western Hemispheres / NASA .
\ — — —-
Polar Sea Ice — — — —-
Dwindling Arctic sea ice and crumbling Antarctic ice sheets are now a common sight .
Whether they signal an impending tip , with rapid melts causing Earth 's seas to inundate heavily - populated coastal plains , is debated .
The process appears to accelerate itself : Warming ice melts , which exposes darker areas , causing local temperatures to rise further .
But in the Arctic , another feedback may stabilize the ice , wrote Max Planck Institute meteorologist Dirk Notz in PNAS .
Though most of the ice " will disappear during summer , " much of it will re-freeze in the winter .
Arctic sea ice loss " is likely to be reversible if the climate were to become cooler again . "
But Notz is less optimistic about Antarctic sea ice , its undersides heated by eddying Southern Ocean currents .
And the West Antarctic and Greenland ice sheets have shrunk suddenly at least twice in the last several million years , a behavior that 's backed up by climate models .
It 's " well possible that a tipping point exists for a possible collapse " for those sheets , wrote Notz .
It could " render the loss of ice sheets and the accompanying sea - level rise unstoppable beyond a certain amount of warming . "
Image : NASA .
\ — — —-
Amazon Rainforest — — — ——
–
As one of Earth 's great carbon sinks , the replacement of Amazon jungles with savannah or forest would drastically accelerate global warming .
On their own , rising temperatures and changing weather patterns would not trigger jungle dieback , wrote researchers led by Oxford University ecosystem scientist Yadvinder Malhi in PNAS .
But deforestation combined with intensified dry seasons leaves forests vulnerable to fire , producing more weather - altering deforestation .
" The dieback of the forests of East Amazonia in the 21st century is far from inevitable but remains a distinct possiblity , " they wrote .
Image : NASA .
\ — — —-
Bodélé Depression , Chad — — — — — ——
–
Winds whipping across the Bodélé , a 10,000 square mile Saharan plain covered by ancient lakebed sediments , carry 700,000 tons of dust into the atmosphere annually .
It floats around the world , blocking sunlight and lowering temperatures in some regions , and causing rain and warming in others .
Saharan dust influences Atlantic ecosystems , Caribbean coral reefs and the Amazon .
Its full effects are unknown .
Small atmospheric changes " could profoundly alter the behavior of this feature , " wrote Richard Washington , a specialist in African weather African weather specialist at Oxford University , and colleagues in PNAS .
At one point in the last 10,000 years , dust ceased to flow altogether from the Bodélé .
That does n't seem to be our problem .
" Although subject to a great deal of uncertainty , some simulations of the 21st century indicate the potential for a substantial increase in dust production , " wrote the researchers .
Image : NASA .
\ — — —
–
South Asian Monsoons — — — — ——
–
Hundreds of millions of people depend on regular monsoon rains to nourish their crop , but the monsoons are historically capricious .
In what is now India and China , they 've have changed abruptly several times since the Last Ice Age ended .
Levermann 's studies suggest that monsoon systems amplify themselves .
Rainfall releases heat , fueling winds that pull more moisture from the seas , producing more rainfall .
Small changes can swell monsoons , or nip them in the bud .
The model is limited , but its simulations track with history .
" We have a long paleorecord for precipitation , and you see that there was almost a switch .
The monsoon was either on , or it was off , with very little in between , " said Levermann .
Climate change can flip the switch , but it 's not the only cause .
" If you turn a forest into a desert , it reflects more sunlight and makes it cooler .
Strong air pollution reflects sunlight , and can trigger an event .
Both exist in Indian and Chinese regions . "
Image : flickrohit / Flickr .
\ — — —-
The Gulf Stream — — — ——
Formally known as the Atlantic meridional overturning circulation , or AMOC , the Gulf Stream starts in the Gulf of Mexico and follows the eastern contour of North America before flowing to northern Europe and western Africa .
Sudden slowdowns in the circuation occurred repeatedly during the last Ice Age .
They " were associated with large and abrupt changes in surface climate , " wrote Potsdam Institute climatologists Matthias Hofmann and Stefan Rahmstorf in PNAS
Argument exists over whether slowdowns are primarily wind - driven , or could be caused by an influx of fresh water from melting ice sheets .
In its last report , the IPCC put the risk of Gulf Stream slowdown during the 21st century at 10 percent .
The true figure could be higher , or lower .
" Model deficiences make a risk assessment for AMOC changes very difficult at present and require urgent research attention , " wrote Hofmann and Rahmstorf .
Image : Models showing AMOC weakening from fresh water influx / National Center for Atmospheric Research
— — —-
**
Seafloor Methane — — — — —-
Between 700 trillion and 10,000 trillion tons of methane hydrate , a powerful greenhouse gas , are trapped in the seafloor sediments where they 've accumulated over millions of years .
If the planet heats by 5.4 degrees Fahrenheit , well within the range of warming possible if greenhouse gas pollution levels remain high , seafloors could heat enough to release a small but significant fraction of the gases .
Methane bubbling slowly into the atmosphere could raise planetary temperatures by a full degree Fahrenheit for as much as 10,000 years .
According to researchers led by University of Chicago geoscientist David Archer , methane - caused warming would persist even if fossil fuel emissions subsided .
" The modeling of methane hydrate is frankly in its infancy , " but it seems " robust to conclude " that mankind could " melt a significant fraction of the methane hydrates in the ocean , " they wrote .
Image : Methane plumes rising from the Arctic Ocean floor / National Oceanography Centre , Southampton .
— — —-
The Future — — —-
" What features establish the identity of a face ; what distortions erase that identity beyond recognition ? " asked Hans Schellnhuber , director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Research and climate change advisor to German chancellor Angela Merkel , in PNAS .
By Earth 's face , Schellnhuber means the environmental conditions that prevailed for most of the last several thousand years .
If there 's one dominant theme to the tipping element reviews , it 's that Earth 's face is prone to what he calls " singular transformations . "
They 've happened before .
Whether they will happen again , with mankind on board , is the " cardinal question of earth systems analysis [ and ] sustainability science , " wrote Schellnhuber .
How admittedly uncertain models should influence international climate policy is an open question .
Levermann counsels caution .
" If you entered a plane and the captain said into the speaker , ' There 's a 10 percent chance this plane will crash , ' you would n't stay in it , " said Levermann .
" This is the framework we have to think about when we talk about tipping elements . "
Image :
An ensemble of global temperature predictions contained in the last IPCC report / IPCC .
See Also :
Citations : " Tipping elements in the Earth System . "
By Hans Joachim Schellnhuber .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 49 , December 8 , 2009 .
" Dust as a tipping element : The Bodélé Depression , Chad . "
By Richard Washington , Christel Bouet , Guy Cautenet , Elisabeth Mackenzie , Ian Ashpole , Sebastian Engelstaedter , Gil Lizcano , Gideon M. Henderson , Kerstin Schepanski , and Ina Tegen .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 49 , December 8 , 2009 .
" Basic mechanism for abrupt monsoon transitions . "
By Anders Levermann , Jacob Schewe , Vladimir Petoukhov , and Hermann Held .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 , No. 49 , December 8 , 2009 .
" On the stability of the Atlantic meridional overturning circulation . "
By Matthias Hofmann and Stefan Rahmstorf .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 49 , December 8 , 2009 .
" The future of ice sheets and sea ice : Between reversible retreat and unstoppable loss . "
By Dirk Notz .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 49 , December 8 , 2009 .
" Ocean methane hydrates as a slow tipping point in the global carbon cycle . "
By David Archer , Bruce Buffett , and Victor Brovkin .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol 106 .
No. 49 , December 8 , 2009 .
" Exploring the likelihood and mechanism of a climate - change - induced dieback of the Amazon rainforest . "
By Yadvinder Malhi , Luiz E. O. C. Aragão , David Galbraith , Chris Huntingford , Rosie Fisher , Przemyslaw Zelazowski , Stephen Sitch , Carol McSweeney , and Patrick Meir .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 49 , December 8 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
A boat carrying 40 people , who may be asylum seekers , has sunk in rough seas north - west of the Cocos Islands .
The ship 's master has told authorities that up to 17 people have been rescued and about 23 are still missing .
There are grave fears for their safety because of the rough conditions and the length of time they have been in the water .
Australian Maritime Safety Authority ( AMSA ) spokeswoman Rhianne Robson says the crew is still searching for survivors .
" The LNG Pioneer is a large vessel and they are trying their best with life rafts and their life boat to recover those in the water , " she said .
Australian authorities are coordinating the rescue effort and AMSA says a Defence Force P3 - Orion patrol plane is being sent to assist with the search .
Chief of the Defence Force Angus Houston says the nearest navy ship was 28 hours away from the scene of the incident .
Air Chief Marshal Houston says a Taiwanese fishing boat got to the scene late last night and a gas carrier shortly afterwards .
" When the first ship got there this vessel was still intact , " he said .
" Somehow or other during the process of the interaction between the ship and the trawler , and also the stricken vessel , there 's been a capsize and people have ended up in the water . "
AMSA received a distress signal yesterday morning with reports the boat had a hole in the bottom and was taking on water .
It issued a broadcast for help and merchant ship LNG Pioneer from the Bahamas responded , but it was 12 hours away .
But when the boat arrived in the area , which is hundres of kilometres north - west of Christmas Island , the boat had already sunk .
Authorities are yet to confirm if the boat was carrying asylum seekers .
WASHINGTON  The Obama administration sent a forceful public message Sunday that American military forces could remain in Afghanistan for a long time , seeking to blunt criticism that President Obama had sent the wrong signal in his war - strategy speech last week by projecting July 2011 as the start of a withdrawal .
In a flurry of coordinated television interviews , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and other top administration officials said that any troop pullout beginning in July 2011 would be slow and that the Americans would only then be starting to transfer security responsibilities to Afghan forces under Mr. Obama ’s new plan .
The television appearances by the senior members of Mr. Obama ’s war council seemed to be part of a focused and determined effort to ease concerns about the president ’s emphasis on setting a date for reducing America ’s presence in Afghanistan after more than eight years of war .
“ We have strategic interests in South Asia that should not be measured in terms of finite times , ” said Gen. James L. Jones , the president ’s national security adviser , speaking on CNN ’s “ State of the Union . ”
“ We ’re going to be in the region for a long time . ”
Photograph by Nigel Parry .
Iput myself and my company at the C.I.A. ’s disposal for some very risky missions , ” says Erik Prince as he surveys his heavily fortified , 7,000 - acre compound in rural Moyock , North Carolina .
“ But when it became politically expedient to do so , someone threw me under the bus . ”
Prince — the founder of Blackwater , the world ’s most notorious private military contractor — is royally steamed .
He wants to vent .
And he wants you to hear him vent .
Erik Prince has an image problem — the kind that ’s impervious to a Madison Avenue makeover .
The 40 - year - old heir to a Michigan auto - parts fortune , and a former navy SEAL , he has had the distinction of being vilified recently both in life and in art .
In Washington , Prince has become a scapegoat for some of the Bush administration ’s misadventures in Iraq — though Blackwater ’s own deeds have also come in for withering criticism .
Congressmen and lawyers , human - rights groups and pundits , have described Prince as a war profiteer , one who has assembled a rogue fighting force capable of toppling governments .
His employees have been repeatedly accused of using excessive , even deadly force in Iraq ; many Iraqis , in fact , have died during encounters with Blackwater .
And in November , as a North Carolina grand jury was considering a raft of charges against the company , as a half - dozen civil suits were brewing in Virginia , and as five former Blackwater staffers were preparing for trial for their roles in the deaths of 17 Iraqis , The New York Times reported in a page - one story that Prince ’s firm , in the aftermath of the tragedy , had sought to bribe Iraqi officials for their compliance , charges which Prince calls “ lies . . . undocumented , unsubstantiated [ and ] anonymous . ”
( So infamous is the Blackwater brand that even the Taliban have floated far - fetched conspiracy theories , accusing the company of engaging in suicide bombings in Pakistan . )
In Hollywood , meanwhile , a town that loves nothing so much as a good villain , Prince , with his blond crop and Daniel Craig mien , has become the screenwriters ’ darling .
In the film State of Play , a Blackwater clone ( PointCorp . ) uses its network of mercenaries for illegal surveillance and murder .
On the Fox series 24 , Jon Voight has played Jonas Hodges , a thinly veiled version of Prince , whose company ( Starkwood ) helps an African warlord procure nerve gas for use against U.S. targets .
But the truth about Prince may be orders of magnitude stranger than fiction .
For the past six years , he appears to have led an astonishing double life .
Publicly , he has served as Blackwater ’s C.E.O. and chairman .
Privately , and secretly , he has been doing the C.I.A. ’s bidding , helping to craft , fund , and execute operations ranging from inserting personnel into “ denied areas ” — places U.S. intelligence has trouble penetrating — to assembling hit teams targeting al - Qaeda members and their allies .
Prince , according to sources with knowledge of his activities , has been working as a C.I.A. asset : in a word , as a spy .
While his company was busy gleaning more than $ 1.5 billion in government contracts between 2001 and 2009 — by acting , among other things , as an overseas Praetorian guard for C.I.A. and State Department officials — Prince became a Mr. Fix - It in the war on terror .
His access to paramilitary forces , weapons , and aircraft , and his indefatigable ambition — the very attributes that have galvanized his critics — also made him extremely valuable , some say , to U.S. intelligence .
( Full disclosure :
In the 1990s , before becoming a journalist for CBS and then NBC News , I was a C.I.A. attorney .
My contract was not renewed , under contentious circumstances . )
But Prince , with a new administration in power , and foes closing in , is finally coming in from the cold .
This past fall , though he infrequently grants interviews , he decided it was time to tell his side of the story — to respond to the array of accusations , to reveal exactly what he has been doing in the shadows of the U.S. government , and to present his rationale .
He also hoped to convey why he ’s going to walk away from it all .
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
By Date By Thread WinAppDbg 1.3 is out !
From : Mario Alejandro Vilas Jerez < mvilas ( ) gmail com >
Date : Tue , 1 Dec 2009 00:47:33 - 0300
What is WinAppDbg ?
==================
The WinAppDbg python module allows developers to quickly code instrumentation scripts in Python under a Windows environment .
It uses ctypes to wrap many Win32 API calls related to debugging , and provides an object - oriented abstraction layer to manipulate threads , libraries and processes , attach your script as a debugger , trace execution , hook API calls , handle events in your debugee and set breakpoints of different kinds ( code , hardware and memory ) .
Additionally it has no native code at all , making it easier to maintain or modify than other debuggers on Windows .
The intended audience are QA engineers and software security auditors wishing to test / fuzz Windows applications with quickly coded Python scripts .
Several ready to use utilities are shipped and can be used for this purposes .
Current features also include disassembling x86 native code ( using the open source diStorm project , see http://ragestorm.net/distorm/), debugging multiple processes simultaneously and produce a detailed log of application crashes , useful for fuzzing and automated testing .
Where can I find WinAppDbg ?
===========================
Project homepage : -----------------
http://tinyurl.com/winappdbg
Download links : ---------------
Windows installer ( 32 bits ) http://sourceforge.net/projects/winappdbg/files/WinAppDbg/1.3/winappdbg-1.3.win32.msi/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/winappdbg/files/WinAppDbg/1.3/winappdbg-1.3.win32.exe/download
Windows installer ( 64 bits ) http://sourceforge.net/projects/winappdbg/files/WinAppDbg/1.3/winappdbg-1.3.win-amd64.msi/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/winappdbg/files/WinAppDbg/1.3/winappdbg-1.3.win-amd64.exe/download
Source code http://sourceforge.net/projects/winappdbg/files/WinAppDbg/1.3/winappdbg-1.3.zip/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/winappdbg/files/WinAppDbg/1.3/winappdbg-1.3.tar.bz2/download
Documentation : --------------
Online http://winappdbg.sourceforge.net/doc/v1.3/
http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/winappdbg/wiki/ProgrammingGuide
For download : http://sourceforge.net/projects/winappdbg/files/WinAppDbg/1.3/winappdbg-1.3.chm/download
http://sourceforge.net/projects/winappdbg/files/WinAppDbg/1.3/winappdbg-1.3.pdf/download
What 's new in this version ?
===========================
In a nutshell ... * 64 bits support .
* Windows Vista and 7 support .
* Memory dumping support . * Wait chain support .
* New tool : SelectMyParent ( based on the tool by Didier Stevens ) . * More code examples .
* Supports detecting the current processor architecture and Windows version .
* Crash logger works with SQLite databases in addition to the old DBM format .
It also has a smaller memory footprint now .
* Win32 API wrappers were refactored and improved .
Many new definitions and API calls were added , up to Windows 7 . * Many bugfixes as usual ... :) also several improvements to make the code more robust .
Here 's the full changelog : http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/winappdbg/log/trunk?verbose=on&format=changelog&stop_rev=237&limit=300&mode=stop_on_copy
_______________________________________________
Full - Disclosure -
We believe in it .
Charter : http://lists.grok.org.uk/full-disclosure-charter.html
Hosted and sponsored by Secunia - http://secunia.com/
By Date By Thread Current thread : WinAppDbg 1.3 is out !
Mario Alejandro Vilas Jerez ( Nov 30 )
You can also buy our first book or both books if you really want to get .
We 'll be doing a launch for the new book with readings and commentary on some of our favourite comics in Montreal on December 14th .
The reading / launch will be held at Librairie Drawn +
Quarterly , if you live in Montreal please come !
We 'd love to meet you .
D+Q will have copies of ASW 1 , ASW2 and Joey 's novel Overqualified for sale & we 'll be up for some signin' .
HEY HEY HOLIDAY SHIPPING DEADLINES for the ASW TopatoCo shop !
Deadline for USPS International Priority shippingDeadline for USPS International Express and Domestic ( US ) First Class and Priority shipping Deadline for USPS Domestic Express shippingGet to orderin' !
Arapahoe County District Attorney Carol Chambers has told the 18th Judicial District probation department that she intends to revoke the probation of any person caught smoking medical marijuana , even if a judge approved it .
In a Dec. 14 e-mail to Chief Probation officer Robin Leaf , Chambers wrote :
“ We are taking the position that people who use medical marijuana while on probation are in violation of federal law and must be revoked .
That is true even if a judge is telling them it is not .
A state judge cannot change federal law and a violation of federal law is a violation of probation .
“ Obviously , we do not make the laws , we only enforce them and we cannot pick and chose ( sic ) which ones we enforce and which ones we do not .
When we get a case where this is an issue , we will take the ruling up to the Court of Appeals so that we can get some clarification .
I think the sooner we can do this , the better . ”
Denver District Attorney Mitch Morrissey said , through a spokeswoman , that his department is working with the courts to determine a policy about probationers and medical marijuana .
In the meantime , he said each case will be decided individually .
He added that no one admitted in Drug Court will be allowed to use medical marijuana .
Mike McPhee : 303-954-1409 or mmcphee@denverpost.com
If human beings were truly rational animals , trends would be easy to predict .
Given that we ’re fickle , self - aware and subject to the influence of less predictable forces than pure reason , figuring out what is going to appeal to people is never easy .
And few automotive examples prove the inconstancy of market trends like the minivan .
On paper they just plain make sense , creating a huge amount of flexible interior room out of high - volume sedan platforms , making them relatively cheap , capable and efficient .
But if consumer decisions were made based on such rational considerations , turtlenecks would be long overdue for a huge comeback .
In short , the “ image thing ” killed minivans , with more than a little help from the marketing efforts of the very companies that profited off their ( relatively ) brief time in the sun .
And really , the future of the minivan will be determined by the staying power of its modern replacement , the Crossover .
Are CUVs an evolutionary step from the SUV dead - end of the 90s back towards minivans and station wagons , or will the needs of multiple - passenger consumers forever be doomed to be served by the in - between - mobiles ?
My totally unjustified belief in the basic sanity of consumers makes me believe that minivans make too much sense to not make a comeback , and concepts like VW ’s Microbus show the way .
What say you ?
Related
Welcome to the new world in security .
In the 21st century , hackers have moved beyond network devices and services and are now focused on web applications .
Security expert Seth Fogie , contributing author for Practical Intrusion Analysis : Prevention and Detection for the Twenty - First Century , provides you with this real - world illustration of a how a simple overlooked account can lead to root access .

Welcome to the new world in security .
It used to be all about network devices and services .
However , thanks to the evolution of the firewall and IDS , the concept of border security has changed .
In this new world of security , the edge has been redefined .
Firewalls : host - based protection ; wireless devices : so old school .
In the 21st century , hackers are focused on web applications , and that is exactly why we decide to provide you with this real - world illustration of a how a simple overlooked account can lead to root access .
CCDC Overview
The Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition ( CCDC ) is designed to give college and university students an extreme taste of what it feels like to be a system / network administrator .
The competitors are provided a small network of servers / desktops that host a wide range of applications , many of which are insecure .
To raise the stress level and encourage teamwork , the students not only have to update and lock down their systems but they have to do it while a group of hackers are doing their best to infiltrate the network .
In addition to all this , the teams are tasked with “ business injects ” that range from simple chores like the addition of an account to the difficult , such as programming a web application from scratch .
For more information on these events and how they play out , check out the following links :
The information discussed in these articles is the result of one such CCDC event in which I served as a member of the red cell .
Thanks to Paul Assadorian of Pauldotcom.com and Rob Fuller of mubix.com for their assistance at the CCDC , to White Wolf Security for creating and maintaining the gaming environment , and to CyberWATCH and Baltimore Community College for supporting and hosting the event .
The Freddie Mac building is pictured .
Unlimited aid for Freddie , Fannie
NEW YORK –
The government has handed its ATM card to beleaguered mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The Treasury Department said Thursday it removed the $ 400 billion financial cap on the money it will provide to keep the companies afloat .
Already , taxpayers have shelled out $ 111 billion to the pair , and a senior Treasury official said losses are not expected to exceed the government 's estimate this summer of $ 170 billion over 10 years .
Advertisement
Treasury Department officials said it will now use a flexible formula to ensure the two agencies can stand behind the billions of dollars in mortgage - backed securities they sell to investors .
Under the formula , financial support would increase according to how much each firm loses in a quarter .
The cap in place at the end of 2012 would apply thereafter .
By making the change before year - end , Treasury sidestepped the need for an OK from a bailout - weary Congress .
While most analysts say the companies are unlikely to use the full $ 400 billion , Treasury officials said they decided to lift the caps to eliminate any uncertainty among investors about the government 's commitments .
But the timing of the announcement on a traditionally slow news day raised eyebrows .
" The companies are nowhere close to using the $ 400 billion they had before , so why do this now ? " said Bert Ely , a banking consultant in Alexandria , Va .
" It 's possible we may see some horrendous numbers for the fourth quarter and , thus 2009 , and Treasury wants to calm the markets . "
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac provide vital liquidity to the mortgage industry by purchasing home loans from lenders and selling them to investors .
Together , they own or guarantee almost 31 million home loans worth about $ 5.5 trillion , or about half of all mortgages .
Without government aid , the firms would have gone broke , leaving millions of people unable to get a mortgage .
The biggest headwind facing the housing recovery has been the rise in foreclosures as unemployment remains high .
The two companies , facing mounting losses from mortgage defaults , were taken over by the government in September 2008 under the authority of a law Congress passed in the summer of 2008 .
So far the government has provided $ 60 billion to Fannie Mae and $ 51 billion to Freddie Mac .
The assistance is being provided in exchange for preferred stock paying a 10 percent dividend .
The Bush administration first pledged up to $ 100 billion in support for each company , an amount that was doubled to $ 200 billion for each by the Obama administration in February .
Treasury officials will provide an updated estimate for Fannie and Freddie losses in February when President Barack Obama sends his 2011 budget to Congress .
Though the administration has yet to disclose its long - term plans for the two companies , they are unlikely to return to their former power and influence .
The news followed an announcement Thursday that the CEOs of Fannie and Freddie could get paid as much as $ 6 million for 2009 , despite the companies ' dismal performances this year .
Fannie's CEO , Michael Williams , and Freddie CEO Charles " Ed " Haldeman Jr. each will receive $ 900,000 in salary , $ 3.1 million in deferred payments next year and another $ 2 million if they meet certain performance goals , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The pay packages were approved by the Treasury Department and the Federal Housing Finance Agency , which regulates Fannie and Freddie .
That pay is far less than what their predecessors earned .
Former Fannie CEO Daniel Mudd received $ 10.2 million in 2008 and former Freddie CEO Richard Syron pocketed $ 13.1 million .
Both execs were ousted when federal regulators seized the companies in September 2008 .
The federal government blocked exit packages for the pair worth up to $ 24 million .
The chief executives ' pay could spark new criticism about the government 's numerous bailouts , but that may be unfounded , said Mark Borges , principal with management consulting firm Compensia .
Haldeman and Williams each could command between $ 5 million and $ 10 million in a similar position in the private sector , Borges estimated , and without the notable challenges and public scrutiny they face at these companies .
" I doubt too many people would look at these jobs and say , ' Gosh , I would love to go there for my next career move , ' " Borges said .
" The government is getting top notch executives to solve problems that are not easy to solve . "
The bulk of their pay is also not guaranteed , Borges said , so these executives can't pocket and run and must meet certain long - term goals or risk giving some of it back .
Freddie Mac 's board sets the performance goals for the chief executive , which wo n't be disclosed until next year .
Fannie Mae 's filing outlined its corporate goals including " being a recognized leader in the housing recovery , " " protecting taxpayers , " and " managing risk more effectively . "
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac declined to offer further details on CEO performance goals .
Public anger over Wall Street pay boiled over earlier this year .
In response , the Obama administration imposed pay curbs on banks that received government bailouts .
All the major banks have since repaid their federal money , largely to escape caps on executive pay .
Former Bank of America Corp. CEO
Ken Lewis , for example , agreed to forgo his salary and bonus this year under pressure from the government .
Last year , he pocketed more than $ 9 million in total compensation .
Bank of America received $ 45 billion in government assistance , which it has since repaid .
Freddie Mac hired Haldeman , a former mutual fund executive , in July .
At the time , the company disclosed his annual salary of $ 900,000 but did not disclose other incentive payments .
In September , the company hired a new chief financial officer , Ross Kari , and said his pay package would be worth up to $ 5.5 million .
Williams , formerly Fannie Mae 's chief operating officer , took over as CEO in April after the first government - appointed CEO , Herbert Allison , took a job at the Treasury Department .
Williams earned a base salary of $ 676,000 last year , plus a retention award of $ 260,000 .
Washington - based Fannie Mae was created in 1938 in the aftermath of the Great Depression .
It was privatized 30 years later to limit budget deficits during the Vietnam War .
In 1970 , the government formed its sibling and competitor McLean , Va. - based Freddie Mac .
AP Real Estate Reporter Alan Zibel and AP Economics Writer Martin Crutsinger in Washington contributed to this report .
Posted by emanhashim on 16 Dec 2009 / 0 Comment
“ When security disappears in married life , and serenity is not accessible , then it is time to do the thing most despised by Allah . ”
With these words , Mahasen Saber opens her blog , I want a divorce , and then later her online radio station , Divorce Radio .
Saber was married for three years and spent a great part of them in the courts in an attempt to get her divorce .
She refused the advice of some of her friends to get a Khul ’ ( a divorce initiated by the wife , whereby she renounces her right to her financial entitlements ) , because “ The word khul ’ provokes me because it impinges on the rights of the woman and provides her with all the damage . ”
In her interview with IslamOnline , she discussed the aim of her blog :
My blog mainly aims correcting the image of divorced women in society as well as the image of women seeking divorce , who are not asking for anything except their legitimate right .
It also aims to display the ambition , dreams and problems of divorced women in our eastern societies , that she is not an absolute disgrace in the community .
Plus I want to point out that Islam gave to the divorced women their position and were always treated with respect , but society changed both this position and the look of respect .
In her own words to Al Arabiya television , translated to English by Haaretz , Saber describes how her workplace dealt with her after being divorced : “ They told me that from now on , as I was divorced , my situation was sensitive , and it would be better if I did not move around where there were men in the office . ”
After the launch of her blog , she wanted to reach much a larger audience by launching an online radio station .
Egyptian TV show Al Ashera Masa’an ( 10 o’clock ) covered the topic ( Arabic ) :
Magda Abu Fadil commented on the idea for the Huffington Post :
Egyptian divorcées are no longer alone decrying their fate in a dark corner , fearful of being stigmatized by their conservative society .
Now they can commiserate , seek advice , and feel empowered , thanks to an online radio station just for them .
People reacted to her work differently .
Saber told CNN that “ People are shocked at first , but after they read and listen to what we write and present , they like what we talk about … they are happy because I am talking about something they are dealing with . ”
This is not the first time the issue of divorce and Egyptian women asking for divorce grabs the media attention .
In 1975 , the Egyptian star Faten Hamama played the lead role in Uridu Halan ( I Want a Solution ) , based on a famous novel written by Hosn Shah , an Egyptian writer , journalist , and women ’s rights activist who has her own column at Alakhbar newspaper , titled “ I need a solution ” .
The movie was about a woman who wanted a divorce , which was almost impossible back then because of how complicated it was to go through the legal steps for getting a divorce .
After the struggle of Egyptian women in the late 1970 ’s , reforms to the family court allow a woman can ask for a divorce now .
The legal dilemma is not a piece of cake , but it ’s sure better than it was before .
Currently , nearly 40 percent of marriages in Egypt now end in divorce , making it the highest rate in the Arab world .
In 2008 the number of Egyptian couples who divorced increased 8.4 percent from the previous year , according to the Central Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics ( CAPMAS ) .
Egypt is also one of the few countries in the region where the topic is discussed so freely , thanks largely to the initiative of outspoken women
Someone might ask why there is all this fuss now , after all these changes occurred to the Egyptian laws .
I asked Saber this exact question :
“ I used to think this way too , but knowing is something and passing through the experience is another thing .
Yes , there are a lot of changes that have happened to the laws as rules , but it is how they are applied that needs our attention and effort now . ”
Saber gives an example :
“ If a woman is demanding the expenses of her children for her husband ( alimony ) , the law says it ’s her right , but to actually get that verdict , she has to go through an enormous hassle that takes very long time , through which no law is stating who will support her children , which makes the problem stay the same . ”
She gives another example :
“ There ’s a time frame through which judges circulate , a new judge will naturally order the case to be postponed to get some time to look into it , after which he might order another postponement , and so on . ”
In this blog post , Saber states the different items in the Egyptian law that she has faced that , she believes need some improvement , and even suggests improvements .
Saber is now planning the official opening of the radio station .
She is also planning to organize a peaceful silent protest for those affected by the Personal Status Law on a regular basis every month in front of the National Council for Women .
And in case no one responds , she will increase protest frequency on a weekly basis until the implementation of women ’s demands to amend the law takes an affect .
It is worth mentioning that Mahasen Saber is not working alone on this radio station .
There is a whole team working on it , a team that includes men .
This speaks to the fact that , even though things are tough when it comes to dealing with divorced women , even though some families consider divorce an undebatable topic , and even though it is not so easy to go through the legal journey to get a divorce , a group of Egyptian men and women now are working on changing this in the hopes that the next generation will have a less difficult time than these pioneering women did .
For more information on Divorcee Radio , check out these articles ( both in English ) from Menassat and CNN .
Chris Floyd Published : 29 December 2009 Hits : 13779
( UPDATED BELOW )
A lone man on an airliner makes a badly botched attempt to ignite what appears to be some kind of hastily cobbled - together device that might or might not have caused some kind of unspecified but apparently non-crippling damage to the plane .
The plane lands safely ; no one is killed .
Yet the reverberations from this half - baked enterprise quickly roiled the entire world .
Within hours , a whole range of new , even more intrusive and draconian security procedures were imposed on travelers across the globe .
Governments hastened to launch " security reviews , " and promise " tough new measures " not only to thwart terrorists but to root out nests of agitators and " radicalizers " clinging to the soft underbelly of our all - too - tolerant , too - nice - for - its - own - good Western world .
Perhaps most significantly , the non-igniting of the homemade device has " rejuvenated [ the ] debate ... over the proper balance between security and privacy , " the New York Times informs us -- while quoting several " experts " who let us know just which way this " balance " is now going to tilt .
These " experts " include Bush retreads like ex-Homeland Security commissar Michael Chertoff , who now dabbles profitably in the " risk management and security consulting " industry -- yet another of our great and good for whom every act of terror ( real or imagined , successful or unsuccessful ) means boffo box office .
The sudden insertion of Chertoff into the story gives us another example of a grim , enduring truth : the construction of " conventional wisdom " among our media and political elites is always driven , in large part or in whole , by raw , brutal self - interest .
The new CW now being assembled before our eyes is a " rejuvenation " of one of the ruling tropes of the 21st century : " Liberty bad , security good . "
II .
Here is another story in the news : in an isolated rural province in Afghanistan , 10 people were killed in a raid by American - led forces .
The Afghan government , installed and sustained in power by the United States , said the victims were all civilians -- including eight schoolboys .
But there was no international outcry about this incident ; it barely garnered a few mentions in the global press .
And even these were quickly shunted aside after a NATO official denied the claims of the Afghan government , and affirmed that all those killed in the raid were evil - doers .
As the NYT reports :
A senior NATO official with knowledge of the operation said that the raid had been carried out by a joint Afghan - American force and that its target was a group of men who were known Taliban members and smugglers of homemade bombs , which the American and NATO forces call improvised explosive devices , or I.E.D.’s. ...
“ When the raid took place they were armed and had material for making I.E.D. ’s , ” the official added .
Local officials on the scene in Kunar Province said otherwise .
They said 10 civilians had been killed .
They said eight of the dead were children :
The governor of Kunar , Fazullah Wahidi , said that “ the coalition claimed they were enemy fighters , ” but that elders in the district and a delegation sent to the remote area had found that “ 10 people were killed and all of them were civilians . ”
But the NATO official said the Afghans were lying .
We will never know the whole truth , of course , for the story will ultimately be controlled by the very force that carried out the attack : the American - led military occupation .
But what an instructive contrast .
In one story , an attack which did not happen and which killed no one shakes the entire world .
In another story , ten human beings , including eight children , were slaughtered in a sneak attack by night -- and the world can scarcely be bothered to notice .
What is the chief difference between the two ?
It 's simple : the first story lines the pockets and increases the power of imperial elites .
Thus it is important , monumental , emotion - ridden ; it calls for immediate action .
The second story , if it were pursued and publicized with equal vigor , might threaten , in some small way , the profits and power of imperial elites .
Thus it is unimportant , run - of - the - mill , a humdrum case of cranky primitives making the usual wild charges against the defenders of civilization .
Were children murdered by American forces way the hell over in the village of Ghazi Khan ?
Maybe , maybe not .
Who the hell cares ?
III .
There is of course another element of the slaughter in Ghazi Khan that has gone largely unremarked -- although it might actually be quite important , and even have a bearing on cases like the failed attempt at something - or - other on the plane to Detroit .
You can find this intriguing element buried near the bottom the NYT story :
While some conventional American forces are deployed in Kunar , in the more remote areas most operations are carried out by Special Forces .
" Carried out by Special Forces ... "
Why does that ring a bell ?
Oh yes , it recalls a story that ran just two days ago in the same newspaper : Elite U.S. Force Expanding Hunt in Afghanistan .
Here we have a prominently displayed , almost entirely laudatory piece hymning the " success " of " secretive branches of the military 's Special Operations forces " -- secret ops which will see " an even bigger expansion next year , " the NYT reports .
The uncorroborated story of these great successes is told entirely by unnamed American officials involved in the operations -- yet another case of the NYT 's innovative journalistic philosophy , as we noted here the other day : " Always let an anonymous source confirm his or her own claims -- as long as that anonymous source is a government or military official . "
The Times notes that it is " not surprising " to see these secret raiders " playing such an important role in the fight . "
After all , Barack Obama 's hand - picked warlord for Afghanistan is Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the long - time " dirty war " commander who ran death squads in both Iraq and Afghanistan for five years before Obama placed him in control of the Af - Pak legions .
As the Times notes -- or rather , tries rather wanly to imply -- the slaughterfest at Ghazi Khan has all the earmarks of one of McChrystal 's old death squad ops .
A house is targeted -- for what reason , based on what " intelligence " ( or denunciation by a local enemy or paid informant ) , we never know -- and everyone in it and around it is blasted to kingdom come .
Then , no matter how many bodies of how many dead children and women are produced , the U.S. military claims that only nasty supervillians -- imminently worthy of " extrajudicial assassination " by sneak attack -- were killed .
Want to see a clearer picture of how it 's done ?
Here 's an excerpt from a report in December 2006 :
Mass death came again to the Iraqi town of Ishaqi last Friday .
Nine months after an American raid that killed 11 civilians , including five children under the age of five , another ground and air assault on suspected insurgents in the area left behind a pile of corpses , including at least two children .
As with the earlier incident , Friday 's attack has produced conflicting stories of what really happened , but the end result is clear : a multitude of grieving , angry Iraqis further embittered against the American occupation .
The latest Ishaqi attack – with " only " 20 fatalities – is of course a mere sideshow in the garish carnival of death that is Iraq today .
But in many respects it is a microcosm of the largely unseen reality of the war that grinds on day after day behind the obscuring fog of political rhetoric enshrouding both Washington and Baghdad .
In this return to Ishaqi , we find many of the elements that have kept Iraq an open , gaping wound with little chance for healing : constant airstrikes on populated civilian areas , iron - fisted house raids , propaganda ploys , dubious intelligence , disdain for the locals – and the employment of mysterious units that may be blended with government - run ( even American - run ) death squads .
So what happened on December 9 in the village of Taima in the Ishaqi district , on the shores of Lake Tharthar ?
The official U.S. military version states that unidentified " Coalition Forces " entered the village shortly after midnight and targeted a location " based on intelligence reports that indicated associates with links to multiple al - Qaeda in Iraq networks were operating in the area . "
During a search , they took heavy fire from a nearby building .
Returning fire , they killed " two armed terrorists " but could n't quell the attack , so they called in an airstrike that killed " 18 more armed terrorists , " including two women .
Of the latter , the military press release said that " al - Qaeda in Iraq has both men and women supporting and facilitating their operations unfortunately . "
The unspecified raiders then uncovered a cache of terrorist arms which they photographed and subsequently destroyed .
The identification of the victims as terrorists was made through a " battle damage assessment , " said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Christopher Garver .
" If there is a weapon with or next to the person or they are holding it , they are a terrorist , " he said .
Yet as Bloomberg News points out , almost every Iraqi keeps a gun – or several guns – in their homes .
Indeed , the whole nation has long been armed to the teeth , with even heavy weaponry in private hands throughout the reign of Saddam Hussein .
In fact , as Patrick Cockburn notes in his excellent new book , The Occupation , Saddam once had to resort to a national buy - back scheme to try to reduce the level of heavy weapons on the streets .
One tribe even showed up with three tanks – " which they were prepared to turn over for a sizeable amount of money . "
This does n't mean that the official report of the Ishaqi incident is necessarily wrong , of course .
But neither is it a fact that every dead Iraqi found near a weapon in a bombed - out private house is a terrorist .
... Garver firmly refused to identify the troops involved in the raid ; he would n't even say if they were American , Iraqi , or from some other Coalition ally , the Daily Telegraph reports .
" There are some units we do n't talk about , " he said .
But the conclusions of the official report were unequivocal : 20 terrorists killed , no collateral damage – an exemplary feat of arms that brought the Coalition " another step closer to defeating al - Qaeda in Iraq and helping establish a safe and peaceful Iraq . "
But local officials from the U.S. - backed Iraqi government had a different view : they said the raid was a bloodbath of innocent civilians .
Ishaqi Mayor Amir Fayadh said that 19 civilians were killed by the airstrikes that destroyed two private homes .
Fayadh said that the victims included seven women and eight children .
An official in the regional government of Salahuddin said six children had been killed .
All Iraqi officials agreed that the victims were mostly members of the extended families of two brothers in the town , Muhammad Hussein al - Jalmood and Mahmood Hussein al - Jalmood , the NYT reports .
Both Fayadh and Abdullah Hussein Jabbara , deputy governor Salahuddin , insisted that the families had nothing to do with al Qaeda .
Locals claimed that the terrorist paraphernalia at the site , such as the " suicide belts , " had been planted .
American officials denied the charge .
Soon after the attack , reporters and photographers from Associated Press and Agence France Presse arrived on the scene .
They took pictures , shot video and talked to grieving members of the al - Jalmood family .
Local police gave them the names of at least 17 of the victims , which indicated they were from the same family .
The names of at least four women were among them .
Many of the bodies had been charred and twisted beyond recognition ; some were " almost mummified , " AP reports .
However , AFP videotaped at least two children among the dead .
When shown the pictures later , Garver said : " I see nothing in the photos that indicates those children were in the houses that our forces received fire from and subsequently destroyed with the airstrike . "
He did not speculate on where the dead children being mourned by family members after being pulled from the rubble of the bombed - out houses might have come from otherwise .
Perhaps the al - Jalmoods kept them in cold storage for just such a propaganda opportunity ?
( For more on how McChrystal and others ran the dirty war in Iraq , see " Ulster on the Euphrates . "
For more background on the American way of terror in general , see " A Furnace Seal'd , " and " Red in Tooth and Claw . " )
What is the connection between these incidents -- in Ishaqi , in Ghazi Khan , and in countless other towns and villages across America 's Terror War fronts in Iraq , Afghanistan , Somalia , Yemen , etc . ?
You can find it in the first paragraph of the excerpt above -- " the end result is clear : a multitude of grieving , angry Iraqis further embittered against the American occupation . "
A little tweaking will fit that passage to cover the entire Terror War , in which thousands upon thousands of innocent people have been killed , engendering an ever - renewing cycle of rage and despair -- a potent and fertile combination for engendering the kind of " radicalization " that allegedly drove the alleged attacker on the Detroit plane .
You want to stop the " radicalization " of young Muslims ?
It 's simple : stop killing innocent Muslims in wars of domination all over the world .
Stop running " covert ops " in every nation of the world ( as Obama 's " special envoy " Richard Holbrooke admitted last week ) -- murders , kidnappings , corruption and deception that make a howling mockery of the very " civilized values " these wars and ops purport to defend .
But this will not happen .
Because our elites do not want it to happen .
They are not protecting values ; they are " projecting dominance . "
And so these oh - so - profitable incidents and insurgencies will go on and on and on .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Web site Tech Republic presents a failed hard drive challenge to its tech support readers .
One way to resuscitate the busted drive long enough to get a backup ?
Stick it in the freezer .
One of the methods I have used before is to actually remove the drive from the PC , place it in the freezer for a day , then quickly put it back in the machine and try to access it .
Why does this work ?
Who knows , but I heard about this tactic years ago , and it has saved my behind on a couple of occasions .
Advertisement
Any lifehackers ever freeze a hard drive back to life ?
Let us know in the comments or to tips at lifehacker.com .
Get IT Done : 200 ways to revive a hard drive ( Freeze It ) [ Tech Republic via Googler Operatiing System ]
Advertisement
UPDATE : Looks like someone 's got a case of the Fridays .
Sorry for the duplicate post , folks !
Research carried out among thousands of people has shown a clear connection between depression and a loss of bone mass , leading to osteoporosis and fractures .
This was revealed by Hebrew University of Jerusalem researchers , Prof. Raz Yirmiya , head of the Brain and Behavior Laboratory , and Prof. Itai Bab , head of the Bone Laboratory .
They further revealed that the relationship between depression and bone loss is particularly strong among young women .
Osteoporosis is the most widespread degenerative disease in the developed world , afflicting 1 in 3 women and 1 in 5 men over 50 .
Sufferers experience decrease in bone density , which often leads to bone fractures .
In many cases , these fractures cause severe disability and even death .
Despite the accumulating evidence for a connection between depression and decreased bone density , official authorities , such as the US National Institutes of Health and the World Health Organization , have not yet acknowledged depression as a risk factor for osteoporosis , due to the lack of studies in large samples .
To remedy this situation , the Hebrew University researchers assembled the data from all studies on the subject conducted to date , and analyzed them using a special statistical approach called meta-analysis .
The results were recently reported in the journal Biological Psychiatry .
In the article the Hebrew University scientists assessed data from 23 research projects conducted in eight countries , comparing bone density among 2,327 people suffering from depression against 21,141 non-depressed individuals .
The results , say the researchers , show clearly that depressed individuals have a substantially lower bone density than non-depressed people and that depression is associated with a markedly elevated activity of cells that breakdown bone ( osteoclasts ) .
Yirmiya and Bab found that the association between depression and bone loss was stronger in women than men , especially young women before the end of their monthly period .
This connection was especially strong in women with clinical depression diagnosed by a psychiatrist , but not in community studies , in which women subjectively identified themselves as being depressed using self - rating questionnaires .
Based on the present findings , Profs .
Yirmiya and Bab propose that " all individuals psychiatrically diagnosed with major depression are at risk for developing osteoporosis , with depressed young women showing the highest risk .
These patients should be periodically evaluated for progression of bone loss and signs of osteoporosis , allowing the use of anti-osteoporotic prophylactic and therapeutic treatments " .
By Bethany Bell
BBC News , Jerusalem
The shroud was found near the Old City of Jerusalem
A team of archaeologists and scientists says it has , for the first time , found pieces of a burial shroud from the time of Jesus in a tomb in Jerusalem .
The researchers , from Hebrew University and institutions in Canada and the US , said the shroud was very different from the controversial Turin Shroud .
Some people believe the Turin Shroud to have been Christ 's burial cloth , but others believe it is a fake .
The newly found cloth has a simpler weave than Turin's , the scientists say .
The body of a man wrapped in fragments of the shroud was found in a tomb dating from the time of Jesus near the Old City of Jerusalem .
The tomb is part of a cemetery called the Field of Blood , where Judas Iscariot is said to have killed himself .
The researchers believe the man was a Jewish high priest or member of the aristocracy who died of leprosy , the earliest proven case .
They say he was wrapped in a cloth made of a simple two - way weave , very different to the complex weave of the Turin Shroud .
The researchers believe that the fragments are typical of the burial cloths used at the time of Jesus .
As a result , they conclude that the Turin Shroud did not originate from 1st Century Jerusalem .
The Turin Shroud has been the subject of much controversy .
Tests 20 years ago dated the fabric to the Middle Ages , but believers say the cloth bears the imprint of a man 's face that is an authentic image of Christ .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Mercedes motorsport boss Norbert Haug fuelled speculation about Michael Schumacher 's rumoured return to Formula 1 , refusing to categorically deny the German could drive for the team .
Team boss Ross Brawn told German newspaper Bild over the weekend that rumours of a possible return by the seven - time champion were a " fantasy of the media " .
" Michael would have come back temporarily for Ferrari but he does n't want to begin a new career , " Brawn added .
" I think that we have to live with these speculations , " said Haug during a press conference .
" What Ross pointed out , I think we have to respect that .
I fully understand that these speculations are ongoing as long as we do n't announce who is driving the other car but that 's what we have to live with . "
When asked to categorically deny Schumacher could drive the car , Haug added : " When will you ever say categorically anything in F1 ?
Ross made it quite clear and I really have nothing to add . "
Mercedes GP chief executive Nick Fry was also unwilling to discuss the Schumacher rumours .
" I 've got nothing to add to that , " he said .
" We are here today to talk about Nico Rosberg and we should stick with that subject .
Ross has answered the question extremely well . "
Fry said Mercedes was in no great hurry to finalise who would partner Rosberg in its 2010 line - up , but that the decision was likely within the next month .
" It obviously would have been ideal to announce them together but that 's impossible , " he said .
" We do n't have huge time pressure at the moment , but once one goes beyond Christmas and into the new year it becomes slightly more difficult with seat fits in time for the engineers to talk to the driver .
I would hope on the other driver to do it before Christmas purely for logistical reasons . "
KEYSTONE —
A father was “ shocked ” last weekend when a local deputy called asking whether his son was having a sex change operation , according to a report from the Summit County Sheriff ’s Office .
The trouble started when a woman was caught at Keystone Resort trying to use the ski pass of a man named Daniel .
When asked for a date of birth , she complied but “ was slow to recall it , ” according to the report .
The woman claimed to be in the middle of a sex change .
The deputy asked for the parents ’ phone number and the woman gave it to them .
Daniel ’s father answered and said he knew nothing of a sex change .
He also called the Summit County Communication Center to verify that the deputy was legitimate .
An hour later , the Keystone supervisor told the deputy there was a phone number on Daniel ’s ski pass file .
The deputy called the number and Daniel answered , informing the deputy that he had given the pass to his girlfriend , Wanda .
The woman spoke with Daniel then told the deputy that she was actually Wanda .
She was arrested and booked on charges of theft of more than $ 500 and criminal impersonation .
Get more mountain news at SummitDaily.com .
When Intel announced that the company was working on Larrabee as their next - generation graphics part , mostly everybody thought that Intel would kill ATI / nVidia with ease .
After all , the company knocked AMD from its feet with Core architecture , and Intel felt as secure as ever .
Over the course of the last couple of years , I have closely followed Larrabee with on and off - the - record discussions with a significant number of Intel employees .
As time progressed , the warning lights stopped being blips in the distance and became big flashing lights right in front of our faces .
After discussing what happened at the Intel Developer Forum and the Larrabee demo with Intel ’s own engineers , industry analysts and the like , there was no point in going back .
This article is a summation of our information on Larrabee , hundreds of e-mails and chats , lot of roadmaps and covert discussions .
When we asked Intel ’s PR about Larrabee , his comment was that this story was “ invented ” and has nothing to do with truth .
We were also told that our sources were “ CRAP ” , which was duly forwarded to the sources themselves .
We will cherish the comments that ensued afterwards for the remainder of our days , including a meeting that followed a comment “ since [ Intel ] PR claims we do n’t work on LRB , this is a blue cookie ” .
Also , there were some questionable statements about our integrity , but here at Bright Side of News * we are going to continue doing what we did in the past – disclose the information regardless of how good or bad it is .
We hope that it is good , but if it ’s not – do n’t expect us to stay put .
Unfortunately for the PR , marketing , and sales divisions , every company owes its existence to engineers who pour their hearts in projects and if was n’t for that – you would not have chips with hundreds , and now billions of transistors in .
Engineers do n’t speak in Ronspeak language , but rather are quite open .
This is what we would call , a real inconvenient truth .
For a company of Intel ’s stature , we did not expect that a project such as Larrabee would develop in the way it has .
In fact , according to information gathered over the years – LRB just does n’t look like an Intel project at all [ read : sloppy execution , wrong management decisions ] .
The amounts of leaks we received over the course of the past years simply surprised us ; on several occasions , we had the opportunity of seeing internal roadmaps and hearing about frustrations regarding unrealistic expectations from the management .
First and foremost , the release dates : Intel ’s internal roadmaps originally cited “ sampling in 2008 ” , then “ Release in Q4 2008 ” , “ Release in 2009 ” .
By summer 2008 , we saw “ mid-2009 ” , “ H2 2009 , ” changing to “ 2010 ” , “ H2 2010 ” and after a recent conversation with several engineers that mentioned “ we need another 13 - 18 months to get [ Larrabee ] out ” ; the time came [ unfortunately ] to complete this story .
The Road to Larrabee
In a lot of ways , Larrabee had a lot of issues even before Intel had committed to the project .
Intel pondered about doing LRB for years , but the CPU - centric company was in love with the idea of having a Pentium 4 reaching 10 GHz [ double pumped ALU would work at 20 GHz then ] and be strong enough to power graphics as well .
This was the same line of thought as Sony took with IBM Cell Processor – originally , PlayStation 3 was supposed to have two Cell CPUs at 4GHz each .
After that idea went bust , n Vidia got the hot potato to make a PS3 graphics chip with less than 12 months to launch .
With Larrabee , we ca n’t exactly call Imagination Technologies being the savior .
Just like the Cell peaked at 3.2 GHz and had numerous issues [ bear in mind that every shipped PS3 has eight SPE units , out of which only seven are used ] , Intel had an internal war about Tejas [ successor to Pentium 4 , next step of NetBurst architecture ] .
The fallout in the company was huge – even Intel ’s die -hards realized that the NetBurst architecture had turned into a NetBust and gave open hands to the Israeli team who worked on the Pentium M processors [ central part of Centrino platform ] .
During those wars , we heard a slogan “ Megahertz is Megahurtzing us ” , especially in sales discussions versus a very hot topic at the time , AMD Opteron .
There is also an internal story that touches on the power struggle that was happening at the time , but we will leave that one for another time .
Let ’s just say that there was a reason why a certain executive started pushing Larrabee like there ’s no tomorrow .
After the CPU side of the company put its finishing touches on the Core architecture , Intel was sure that Core was the ticket to ride and started to turn its focus into becoming a real platform company by products as well , not just by PowerPoint slideware .
Paying a significant fee to a licensing company [ Imagination Technologies ] so that you can use their power efficient , but “ peformance shortfalling ” technologies [ PowerVR ] in low - end netbook and notebook chipsets is somewhat ludicrous if you ’re a company that designs ASICs [ Application Specific Integrated Circuit ] that get sold in hundreds of million units per year .
Now , the performance shortfall is not exactly Imagination Technologies fault , as we all thought .
The problem is that Intel hired a 3rd party vendor called Tungsten Graphics [ now a whole owned subsidiary of VMware Inc. ] to create the drivers for the parts .
Problem with those drivers is the fact that “ GMA500 suffers from utterly crappy drivers .
Intel did n’t buy any drivers from Imagination Technologies for the SGX , but hired Tungsten Graphics to write the drivers for it .
Despite the repeated protest from the side of Imagination Technologies to Intel , Tungsten drivers DO NOT use the onboard firmware of the chip , forcing the chip to resort to software vertex processing . ”
There you have it folks , the reason why “ Intel graphics sux ” is not exactly hardware , but rather doubtful political decisions to have a VMware subsidiary writing drivers that are forcing CPU to do the work .
We remember when Intel used this as a demo of performance differences between Core 2 Duo and Quad , but the problem is – it is one thing to demonstrate , it is another to shove that to your respective buyers .
Secondly , Intel decided to use PowerVR SGX535 core , which can be found in Apple ’s iPhone , Nokia N900 , Sony Ericsson XPERIA and similar smartphones .
If the company opted for SGX545 , we would probably see a netbook and notebook parts [ ones based on mobile 945 chipset ] beating the living daylights out of Intel ’s desktop chipsets that use Intel ’s old GenX graphics hardware .
As a consequence of underpowered hardware and questionable driver decisions , Intel was always ridiculed by gaming development teams and cursed upon whenever a publisher would force that the game supports
Intel ’s integrated graphics – resulting in a paradox of having the best CPU and the worst GPU [ several key developers warned us about never writing GMA graphics as a “ GPU ” ] .
In fact , during the preparation of this story a certain affair involving GMA graphics and driver optimizations in 3DMark Vantage broke out courtesy of Tech Report .
Tim Sweeney of Epic Games lacked courtesy of Intel ’s graphics capabilities commenting that “ Intel ’s integrated graphics just do n’t work .
I do n’t think they will ever work . ”
But that statement could be considered as courtesy compared to his latter statement “ [ Intel ] always say ‘ Oh , we know it has never worked before , but the next generation …’
It has always been the next generation .
They go from one generation to the next one and to the next one .
They ’re not faster now than they have been at any time in the past . ”
Bear in mind that Intel also showed open doors to developers , as Tim Sweeney is now knee deep in creating Unreal Engine 4.0 , one of first engines that will utilize Larrabee … when it gets out .
Naturally , direct hardware access to hardware will apply to AMD and nVidia graphics too , with Fermi architecture now supporting native C++ code execution .
But that ’s another story …
The idea of Larrabee finally came to fruition towards the middle point of this decade .
Intel started to hire people around the Globe with a lot of focus on sites in Oregon , California and Germany .
In order to build a highly complex chip , you have to relay several teams working on various aspects and perhaps this might be the reason for current state of the Larrabee project and slippage in the roadmaps by some two years , with a potential for further slip .
“ CPUs are easier to make than GPUs ”
Now , first and foremost , we have to disclose that it is excruciatingly hard to create a graphics processor .
Even though some skeptics will say that “ you just build one shader unit and then multiply it by an X factor ” , that is frankly , a load of bull .
Today ’s graphics processors are massively parallel beasts that require two factors to work : drivers and massively parallel hardware .
This was confirmed to us by engineers at ATI , nVidia and Intel – so forget about picking sides here .
The DirectX 11 generation graphics parts from ATI and nVidia are featuring wide extensions to the chip microarchitecture itself , and saying that it is easy to create such a chip is , again – a load of bull .
GPUs and CPUs operate on completely different sides of the computing scale .
The CPU is optimized for random operations simply because it cannot expect what it will calculate , while the driver does most of the work for the GPU and just queues hundreds of thousands of instructions waiting to be churned out .
Thus , CPU needs a shed load of cache ; GPUs do not [ unless you want to use them for computational purposes ] .
As both things are moving in the same direction and becoming massively parallel beasts , the GPU is gaining cache and bandwidth speed .
For example , ATI ’s Radeon 5870 GPU comes with 160KB of L1 cache , 160KB of Scratch cache and 512KB of L2 cache .
The L1 cache features a bandwidth of around 1TB/s , while L1 to L2 cache bandwidth is 435 GB / s .
This flat out destroys any CPU cache bandwidth figures , and we ’re talking about a chip that works at “ only ” 850 MHz .
Recently , SmoothCreations launched a factory over clocked card at 950 MHz for the GPU , pushing the bandwidth figures to over 1.1TB/s for L1 and almost 500 GB /s for L1 to L2 cache speed .
Bear in mind that this is a 40 nm part .
On the other side of the fence , nVidia recently announced its Fermi architecture , more known as architecture that will end in GT300 / NV70 / GF100 chips .
The cGPU based on Fermi architecture features 1MB of L1 cache and 768 KB L2 cache .
One megabyte of L1 cache is more than any of the higher - volume CPUs that are currently being shipped , just look at the CPUs below :
AMD Quad - Core Shanghai = 512KB L1 [ 64 KB Instruction + 64KB Data per core ]
AMD Sexa - Core Shanghai = 640 KB L1 [ 64KB Instruction + 64KB Data per core ]
Intel Quad - Core Nehalem = 256KB L1 [ 32 KB Instruction + 32 KB Data per core ]
Intel Sexa - Core Dunnington = 96KB L1 [ 16 KB Instruction + 16 KB Data per core ]
Intel Octal - Core Nehalem - EX = 512KB L1 [ 32 KB Instruction + 32 KB Data per core ]
Furthermore , nVidia features a cluster of 32 Fused Multiply - Add capable cores capable of handling Integer or Floating - Point instruction .
In comparison , Intel will support Fused Multiply - Add [ FMA ] with Larrabee as a cGPU and 2012 Haswell architecture as a CPU .
Now , does this sound easy to make ?
If it was easy , we would not go from almost 80 GPU companies at the beginning of 21st century to eight [ ATI , ARM , Imagination Technologies , n Vidia , S3 , SiS , Matrox ] , with only two making discrete products in serious volumes on desktop and notebook segment , and two licensing very serious volumes in handheld business .
Even though it owns 50 % of the world - wide graphics market , again – we cannot consider Intel to be customer - oriented “ GPU ” vendor , given the performance of their parts .
Just ask Microsoft how many waivers
Intel hardware has in their certification process [ hint : the number is higher than nVidia ’s and ATI ’s worst non-compliant hardware combined ] .
We know the number and sure thing is , it ai n’t pretty .
Thus ,
Intel knew what the company has to do – or risk becoming a dinosaur in increasingly visual world .
Now , the company knew the road to Larrabee would be difficult .
The only problem is that Intel ’s old - school thinking underestimated the size of the task at hand and time that it will take to complete such a project .
AMD ’s reaction :
We ’ll merge with nVidia – a marriage that never happened
AMD ’s reaction to Intel ’s split to CPU and cGPU and future fusion parts was quite simple : Hector J. Ruiz and his executive team began to discuss a merger with nVidia , which ultimately fell through in the second half of 2005 .
AMD knew nVidia ’s roadmaps just like nVidia knew AMD ’s , thanks to the now - defunct SNAP [ Strategic nVidia AMD Partnership ] , formed in order to get the contract for the first Xbox .
A few weeks after those negotiations went under [ Jen - Hsun ’s major and unbreakable requirement was a CEO position , which Hector refused ] , AMD started to talk about the acquisition of ATI which ultimately became a reality a few months down the line [ July 2006 ] .
If this merger went through , there is little doubt that today ION chipset would be MCM [ Multi - Chip Module ] and the world of netbooks would probably look a whole lot different [ remember whose hardware was inside the world ’s first netbook ? ] .
But AMD went with a less aggressive company and the strategy is paying off now .
The real question of did AMD overpay for ATI Technologies Inc. can only be concluded once that the cost of Intel building Larrabee on its own becomes a matter of public knowledge .
Over the past few years , we heard several different calculations with almost each and every one being well over a billion dollars .
Worst case that we heard was “ we burned through three billion USD ” , but that belongs in the speculation category .
Do bear in mind that the figures are n’t coming from the bean counters and that the cost of slippage cannot be calculated yet .
If you are wondering what Larrabee ’s specifications are , the project ’s goal was manufacturing a chip with 16 cores and 2 - 4MB of L2 cache clocked at 2 GHz , all packed in to a 150W power envelope [ for the chip alone ] .
The chip was supposed to be manufactured in the well proven and paid - out 45 nm process technology .
In fact , the only thing that keeps the bean counting dogs away is the fact that Larrabee will be manufactured in 45nm with all the factory investment paid out , as the company has more wafers than some wafer suppliers .
Still , our sources pitched the cost of a single chip [ with packaging ] at around $ 80 per chip .
The memory controller resembled ATI ’s R600 : “ 1024 - bit ” internal ring - bus [ two way 512 - bit ] with over 1TB/s of bandwidth connecting to eight 64 - bit memory controllers [ 512 - bit ] that control 1GB of GDDR5 memory clocked at 1.0 GHz [ 4.0 GT/s ] , for an external bandwidth of 256GB /s .
As it turned out , the available bandwidth of video memory turned into a problem later in the development .
Looking at the execution core itself , it was in - order x86 [ not going into tech overdrive , we can tell you that the principle is vaguely “ similar ” to one Intel uses in Atom CPU ] capable of handling four threads on - the - fly [ Nehalem architecture supports two threads – Hyper - Threading ] .
This was a bastard child of the improved Pentium MMX core [ P55 c ] , but laid in “ in - order execution ” fashion .
16 - wide Vector SIMD [ Single Instruction Multiple Data ] unit carrying the heaviest burden – it is capable of handling 16 32 - bit [ 512 - bit ]
Advanced Vector Extensions .
In order to have everything working properly and avoid starvation , the cores were interconnected with the aforementioned ring - bus controller .
Internally , Larrabee core features 64KB of L1 cache [ 32 KB Data , 32KB Instruction ] just like Nehalem processors .
As performance simulations commenced , it was clear that 16 x86 cores with AVX extensions would not attain the performance needed to reach projected GPUs from ATI and nVidia in 2008 - 2009 , thus the roadmap was expanded with 24 , 32 and 48 core parts and the L2 cache was kept at 256KB per core .
In case of 32 cores , Larrabee cGPU should have 8MB of cache , while the 48 core version should have 12 MB .
The 24 core version would still have physical 8 MB of cache , but it remains to be seen will that mean the 8MB is accessible to all 24 cores or does every core keeps it ’s 256KB and “ that ’s that ” .
According to the sources we spoke with , the “ size of L2 cache is not an issue .
We are the industry benchmark for SRAM cache density and we can put as much cache as we want .
Nobody can touch us [ in that perspective ] and everybody knows that . ”
To disclose some figures , Intel was targeting 1TFLOPS of computing power with 16 cores , but was unable to reach that target , hence the 50 % increase in units for the baseline part .
The 24 and 32 core parts were planned to use the 45nm process node , while the 48 - core version would come out in 32nm .
Please do note that the 24 core version was actually the 32 - core version , but with some faulty cores .
The 8 and 16 core parts would be integrated inside the CPU as a part of tock version of Haswell architecture [ follow - up to Sandy Bridge and Ivy Bridge – Sandy Bridge would have the final GMA - based part , swapping for Larrabee core in a 22nm refresh ] and “ AMD would be done ” .
That was the plan .
Now , let ’s see where the Larrabee train derailed and where it is right now .
Things going wrong with Larrabee … in 2007 ?
We got the first warning flag back in 2006 , discussing the matter with people in different groups who were working on Larrabee .
We received e-mail with quotes such as “ the group in Braunschweig , Germany are seriously a bunch of dip - shits with undeserved chips on their shoulder !
It ’s really a corrupt corporate culture in this office . ”
Now , if this was one disgruntled engineer , it would be natural for us to discard the information on the claims of bias .
But as the time went by , we received bits and pieces with more worrying content .
Back in 2007 , when Larrabee started to take physical shape , we heard some very worrying statements coming from the people that were coming and going from the team .
Most worrisome was the issue with the memory controller – “ people involved in designing high performance memory controllers do n’t even understand the basic concepts of pipelining and they do n’t understand how to read a memory spec .
It is completely ridiculous . ”
Given the technological changes with the GDDR5 memory , which was selected for Larrabee back then , we knew that the memory controller had to be seriously improved upon compared to controllers that support GDDR3 or GDDR4 memory .
As I wrote on my blog ages long time ago , GDDR5 memory is really “ a different cookie ” than its predecessors .
While GDDR3 and GDDR4 were based on the DDR2 memory standard , GDDR5 took a different route and only shares a few similarities with the conventional DDR3 memory .
Additionally , we were constantly meeting with various people in the project Larrabee and projects around Larrabee .
Traveling long distance on the same flights as Larrabee engineers also helped a great deal .
As engineers were trekking on the traditional USA - Germany - India route , it was interesting hearing their thoughts and concerns .
In fact , concerns were commonplace .
At that time , Intel was under severe stress from all the investigations going against the company and people that were contracted started to feel uneasy .
For instance , “ the only thing that silences contractors is the absurd salaries they are paying for the services of being scapegoats for the German Intel Employees – it ’s something like 150K - 200k / year , with German tax evasion services included in the contract deal courtesy of www.internationaltaxsolutions.com.”
When we received this e-mail , we contacted several [ both former and present ] contractors at Intel .
Upon showing this e-mail to the persons that were in the know , we got confirmation that such deals were in place and were even shown several contracts from the US .
Needless to say , the situation got really complicated .
This was all followed by various e-mail and vocal conversations with Intel ’s engineers that duly believed their baby will see the light of the day .
However , any talk about performance was quickly muted , with quotes such as “ we have to get our baby out the door .
First generation is building ecosystem anyways … ”
“ We need to learn from our mistakes on first generation and create a world beating Gen2 ” .
Another source debated that “ 1st gen is proof of concept .
2nd gen is fixing that proof .
3rd gen is the sh*t . ”
Naturally , in this stage of development , we were told to expect the chip sometime in early 2010 .
However , in a conversation that took place at IDF 2007 in San Francisco , a certain Intel executive chit-chatted with several journalists and analysts and was caught saying “ In May 2009 , we ’ll ship a processor that will have one dual - core CPU die in 32nm and Larrabee die in 45nm . ”
When we heard that and asked our sources for clarification , there was a chain series of e-mails coming from Larrabee teams and quite frankly , for the first time in years , we saw something that can only be described as a panic .
Our olive - branch was that maybe the exec was wrong by a year , but that was also negated to us with a “ Theo , that ’s 2012 . ” statement .
That unfortunate statement was one of reasons for numerous leaks about what ’s going on with Larrabee .
Getting back on Larrabee , at one point in the last 18 months , the engineers saw that the dual 512 - bit ring - bus could n’t scale with the number of cores and one of plans was to implement multiple paths , with each ring - bus taking care of 8 - 16 cores .
That was a disastrous idea from day one , and good thing that it did n’t take off .
But struggle with elementary elements of the chip so late in the process gives you that “ this is when the s*** hit the fan ” feeling .
The 32 - core silicon was [ and still is ] prone to numerous issues , such as cache coherency issues , cores were starving for instructions and overall , Larrabee looked like a mess .
Bear in mind , nowhere as near as much of a mess as some GPUs in the past from both ATI and nVidia [ starved nVidia NV30 and ATI R600 come to mind ] .
We were hearing what was going wrong all the time , but whenever we heard that , it was almost 100 % coming from ATI or nVidia , so naturally we would dismiss the accusation as typical FUD .
But that was nothing for what happened after .
“ GPU is dead ” and the war with nVidia
In the spring of last year , a certain Intel engineer stated that the “ GPU is dead ” , a statement which was reiterated by now former Intel exec , Pat Gelsinger at IDF Spring 2008 , happening in the city of Shanghai .
Pat took charge of Larrabee and was certain that this architecture was the future of Intel .
We agree 100 % with Pat that the future of not just Intel , but AMD as well , as Larrabee is a merger between the CPU and the GPU .
This applies for nVidia as well , but that ’s another topic .
The only problem is , Intel sparked a war with nVidia without even having working silicon [ ok , silicon capable of displaying a picture ] .
And that was a big mistake .
The moment Jen -Hsun saw the comments made by Intel engineers and later statements by Intel execs at IDF Spring 2008 in Shanghai , Jen - Hsun “ opened a can of whoop - ass ” on Intel .
Luckily for Intel , Jen -Hsun did n’t have the GT300 silicon either , but GT200 was at the gates .
The strained relationship between the two got into a state of war when Intel started talking to OEMs and claiming that nVidia does not have the right to create chipsets for Nehalem [ QPI – Quick Path Interface ] and Lynnfield [ DMI – Digital Multimedia Interface ] .
Upon request , we were shown a cross-license deal between Intel and nVidia .
I am not going to disclose which side showed it to me , since technically – the source did something it was n’t supposed to do .
The wording in the original document , as far as my laic understanding , does not bar nVidia from making chipsets for Intel even after Front Side Bus is dead , because both QPI and DMI qualify as a “ processor interconnect ” , regardless of what either party is saying .
Intel filed a suit against nVidia in Delaware court [ naturally , since both companies are incorporated in the “ Venture Capital of the World ” state ] , claiming that nVidia does n’t hold the license for CPUs that have integrated memory controller .
n Vidia did n’t stand back , but pulled a counter - suit , but this time around , nVidia wanted the cross- license deal annulled and to stop Intel from shipping products that use nVidia patents .
If you wonder why this cross-license agreement is of key importance for Larrabee , the reason is simple : without nVidia patents , there is no Larrabee .
There are no integrated chipsets either , since they would infringe nVidia ’s patents as well .
Yes , you ’ve read that correctly .
The Larrabee architecture uses some patents from both ATI and nVidia , just like every graphics chip in the industry .
You can not invent a chip without infringing on patents set by other companies , thus everything is handled in a civil matter – with agreements .
We heard a figure of around several dozen patents , touching Larrabee from the way how frame buffer is created to the “ deep dive ” called memory controller .
If you end up in court , that means you pulled a very wrong move , or the pursuing company is out to get you .
If a judge would side with nVidia , Larrabee could not come to market and well can you say – Houston , we have a problem ?
Intel had the luck of AMD snatching ATI – Intel and AMD have a cross-license agreement that allows for technology to transfer both ways – Intel had no problems getting a license for Yamhill i.e.
AMD64 , 64 - bit extensions for their CPU architecture and equally should have no issues of using ATI patent portfolio [ ATI and Intel already had an agreement ] .
My personal two cents would be going on Intel giving an x86 license to nVidia in exchange for cross-license patent , but only time will tell how the situation will develop .
However , there is a reason why Bruce Sewell “ retired ” from arguably the best or second best legal post in the industry [ IBM or Intel , we ’ll leave you to pick ] and then show up at Apple two days after that “ retiring ” e-mail .
All that this unnecessary war created was additional pressure on engineers , who had to check and re-check their every move with Larrabee , causing further delays to the program .
We completely understand these people – these chips are their babies .
But the additional legal pressure caused some people to leave .
This is nothing weird – with projects of this size , people come and go .
But Larrabee was coming , and it was coming without the “ it works ” component .
Plan B : Intel continuously increasing share in Imagination Technologies
If you followed financial transactions in the past 18 months , you could witness an interesting trend : both Apple and Intel started to increase their share in Imagination Technologies .
When it comes to Apple , we are not surprised , given that their bread and butter [ iPhone , iPod ] use PowerVR graphics technology .
But for Intel , a company that is investing almost unimaginable amounts of money in creating an x86 GPU , a continuous increase of share in Imagination Technologies and constant people transfers – just seemed a bit odd to us .
Yes , it is true that it may be just that Intel does not want Apple to take over the company or increase the share to get significant voting rights , but again , that can only be speculated upon .
Intel did n’t increase its share in VIA before it started an all - out war with them back in the early 2000s and the company definitely is n’t buying shares in nVidia .
So , why would Intel increase ownership in its future rival if the company is so sure of its success with the Larrabee project ?
On one side , one might argue this is to limit ARM ’s deadly combo of ARM core and PowerVR SGX graphics core , but if you ’re Intel – where ’s the Chipzilla confidence ?
Is it possible that Intel is afraid of the efficiency and performance set by Series5 and we wo n’t even go into PowerVR ’s Series6 , set to debut next year .
We are going to leave you to conclude that one .
But just bear in mind that Sandy Bridge [ 32nm , octa-core ] , the new microarchitecture that will succeed 45 nm tick Nehalem and its 32nm tock Westmere – uses iGFX , a graphics subsystem featuring the same Intel tech [ beside already mentioned nVidia patents , GMA relies on Imagination Technologies IP portfolio ] .
For instance , the Intel Atom platform is consists of an Atom CPU and the 945GMC chipset that features a PowerVR SGX 535 graphics core .
Intel ’s IDF Larrabee demo
During IDF
Fall 2009 held few weeks ago , Intel showed Larrabee in working form for the first time in history .
During early 2009 , we saw Larrabee as a wafer in the hands of Patrick P. Gelsinger , but no working parts .
At IDF Fall 2009 in San Francisco , the system was shown running Enemy Territory : Quake Wars on Larrabee silicon .
But there was no Pat hosting the tech part of the keynote .
There is a big but – that version was n’t the standard Enemy Territory : Quake Wars you can buy in stores , but rather a raytraced version that was demonstrated last year while running on a 16 - CPU core Tigerton system .
Raytraced ET : Quake Wars is a project by Daniel Pohl [ Quake 3 and 4 Raytraced guy ] and the team over at Intel Santa Clara .
The “ baby Larrabee ” , as Intel engineers love to call it made its baby steps running in lower framerates than a 16 - Core Tigerton system from Research@Intel Day 2008 , and ran in somewhat a lower resolution .
But this was expected with such early silicon .
For a chip that promises DirectX 11 and OpenGL compatibility , seeing a CPU demo was n’t exactly a reason to go and jump through the hoops .
The demo nicely showed that Larrabee is a chip made out of CPU cores with AVX support that can run CPU code .
This demo was not an example how Larrabee silicon runs .
The Larrabee IDF demo was all about the software team at Intel making a compiler that makes game code run on CPU and the GPU at the same time – and that ’s a testament of dedication software team has .
However , there is a mountain to climb , since this is valid for new applications only .
Intel knows the company cannot sell the product without the support for OpenGL , OpenCL and DirectX .
Building 100 or so millions of lines of code for the driver part is a herculean task , but the sources at hand claim that they are working on target – and warn that the hype was simply brought too soon .
Contrary to belief , the IDF 2009 demo was not a major milestone for the Larrabee hardware team .
They ca n’t solve some of the hardware issues and those issues will require a massive re-work .
Larrabee teams have to deliver silicon that wo n’t sit on 32nm sexa - core Westmere processor and run a single app .
The “ Larrabee for Graphics ” story waits on the software development team , and that is where Larrabee will make [ 2010 ] or break [ into 2011 ] .
The demo did n’t impress the audience – prior to IDF , back at AMD ’s Evergreen event , we heard comments coming from industry analysts that did n’t have a lot of nice words in store for the project LRB .
But during nVidia ’s GPU Technology Conference [ held a week after Intel ’s demo ] , it was described as “ shameful ” , “ they do n’t have a promised shipping product ” , to “ they failed to execute and now AMD and especially nVidia are putting CPU [ functionality ] into a GPU … that ’s the only way to go ” .
Under the condition of anonymity , we received the following quote from a well respected analyst : “ Intel failed to deliver on what they promised .
Larrabee is in no shipping state .
Intel ventured into the low - ASP area with Atom and now will start to being pressured by ARM on the low end .
Intel ’s biggest mistake was stepping on ARM ’s turf – they have to fight Samsung , TI , Qualcomm and now nVidia ” .
But like we already wrote , IDF demo was more demonstration of Intel ’s brilliant compiler , rather than a Larrabee silicon one .
If silicon was the only important part , we could call this a multi-billion dollar fail .
Embarrassing parallels : Intel Larrabee vs. Boeing 787
Now , we ’re not certain exactly what is going on with American companies and multi-billion dollar projects , but there is an unflattering comparison between two large multi-billion projects that were supposed to revolutionize their respective industries :
The Boeing 787 and Intel ’s Larrabee .
What we found weird are the similarities between the two :
Executives hype up the product and claim that the competition is “ done ”
Analysts and biased press feed on given hype and praise the company , citing that “ the competitors are dead ”
Lower - level employees start dissing the competition on Internet forums
Executives “ launch ” the empty shell with engines attached / wafer with dead chips on it
Internal roadmaps start moving the part deep into the future
Executives stop talking about the project
Engineers from different groups start publicly discussing that the thing is going haywire
Roadmaps are moving even further in the future
Executives start pretending that the project does n’t exist
Engineers start to leave the company and talk trash about their own project
Key execs get the chop
Demo is staged just for public [ ZA001 taking several taxis / Larrabee RT demo ]
Multiple revisions of projects pump up the cost
The project cost is measured in billions
So far , a happy - end for both projects is yet to be written .
One might argue that both cases are a school examples of over - promising and under - delivering , since the 787 was supposed to fly revenue service for the past 18 months [ the test plane still has n’t left the ground i.e. a 30 + month delay ] , and journalists were supposed to review the cards by this time .
According to a statement dated some time ago we were in fact , supposed to have Fusion 32nm CPU + 45 nm GPU chips at this point in time .
Bear in mind that this was the reason why AMD panicked and paid 5.9 billion [ 5.4 M initial plus additional 550 million for patents and so on ] for ATI Technologies , all in order to be just one year late behind Intel ’s own fusion CPUs .
Personally , I do n’t agree with “ over - promise and under - deliver ” , because it is an over - simplification of the projects at hand .
It is not easy to create a chip that has 10,000 transistors , yet alone in excess of two billion transistors .
Given all of the problems that the almighty Intel [ we ’re not being sarcastic here , Intel is truly a behemoth of the world , not just IT industry ] experienced with Larrabee , each and every member of the IT industry should think twice before stating that creating a “ chip that can do graphics ” is something easy .
You have to have key people and more importantly , teams that work together for years and have experience … and even that does not warrant success .
If you go back to 2005 , you remember that ATI had a three month delay on ATI R520 Fudo [ Radeon X1 K series ] because of a single stupid bug in the silicon , or a nine month delay of R600 [ Radeon 2900 ] .
However , given the success and reliability of the Airbus A380 , the strength nVidia pulled from NV30 fiasco , ATI pulled from R600 – Eric Demers [ AMD Fellow and “ CTO ( gfx ) ” ] told us “ If R600 never happened , we would not see the light and changed our ways ” .
In the case of nVidia , the NV30 fiasco gave birth to the GeForce 6800 , 7800 and PlayStation 3 GPU , ATI is now kicking ass with the Evergreen family and we can say that both Boeing and Intel will deliver sooner or later .
Everything else is empty talk .
Where is Larrabee today ?
The question you ’re probably asking yourself is “ Is Larrabee dead ? ” and the answer we can give you is a flat out – NO .
Intel knows that the future of the company is at stake : if AMD successfully fuses its CPU technology with ATI ’s GPU technology and if nVidia implements an ARM core inside the GPU , Intel has to have an answer to that .
Too much money and human resources are invested in Larrabee to just let it go .
Instead , Intel moved the best of the best , so called “ Champions of Intel ” into the Larrabee group .
The “ CoI ” are actually engineers from various projects such as Nehalem [ not exactly hard thing to do , since both Nehalem and Larrabee teams are located in Oregon , plus there is always an Intel Express , daily plane shuttle between CA and OR ] .
Now , we are not sure what brilliant CPU engineers could do in the creation of Larrabee , but according to the sources , working with Dadi Perlmutter is a very positive experience .
Some of the sources we talked to sources did n’t have kind words for Pat Gelsinger or Sean Maloney , though .
Given that more than two sources told us that , we believe this attitude is present in more places than Hillsborough , Folsom , Braunschweig or Indian locations .
According to the information we have , Larrabee is at this moment – “ 13 - 18 months out ” , putting the launch into 2011 , rather than 2010 .
However , we do not believe this is a bad thing .
If engineers had their way , Intel would probably keep their official events without mention of Larrabee until current year , and prepare the world for the arrival of discrete graphics product in 2011 and a “ Haswell CPU + LRB GPU ” in 2012 .
If the company launches in 2010 , our sources doubt that the product will be anywhere but ready and you can expect that at least one reviewer could find an application that does n’t work as expected .
In that case , “ optimizations ” such as the recent Intel ’s 3DMarkVantage one will not go lightly .
Recently , there were a slew of rumors that Larrabee is about to get cancelled , as Larrabee was allegedly “ Gen1 ” , “ Gen2 , ” , “ Gen3 ” , “ Gen4 ” and so on ‑ taking into the account the amount of changes that happened to the silicon .
In a way , former Intel engineers that joined competing companies have every right to say that Larrabee went through multiple revisions of silicon and call them “ generations ” .
B silicon is significantly different than A silicon .
However , given that the in - order core is still unchanged and that the problems were in the field of filling and syncing those cores up , we would say that Larrabee is still first gen , but that is not the silicon that will come out .
Intel does n’t have issues such as AMD or nVidia , since the company owns 45 nm Fabs and can do whatever they need to have the silicon working like a clockwork
Now , we ’ve dismissed the generation 3 - 4 rumor , and yet stated that the current silicon will never come to market .
Here ’s a big one – Intel knows that they ’ve completely messed up with the current generation and the company decided to trash away the part of current design and re-design the SIMD units from ground up .
This means the current diagrams featuring 16 - wide SIMD unit are out the door , because that design does n’t work .
Newly designed SIMD units will still probably be 16 - wide and take AVX instructions , but it will be GPU - like and not CPU - like .
Unfortunately , we cannot disclose any more details on the changes at hand , but we were told that the architectural changes are mandatory .
The original Larrabee design cannot be described as anything better than a very , very expensive learning curve and it is up to the “ second Larrabee ” to become the first generation to come to market .
There are two ways that Larrabee can take , no middle ground is allowed .
What can happen is that engineers fix the underlying issues and that Larrabee becomes what it was supposed to be , or it could turn into a very costly mistake , which would not be fixable simply by acquiring Imagination Technologies .
Bear in mind that if Intel had acquired ATI Technologies , AMD would be cornered , just like nVidia .
If Larrabee fails to impress , no harm done – Core 2 architecture earned [ and still is earning ? ] billions of dollars , so even a 3 - 4 billion dollar “ mistake ” could be easily forgotten , though .
Imagination Technologies PowerVR core at 4 GHz could be powerful enough to start competing with mainstream parts form ATI and nVidia .
However , somehow we doubt that Intel ’s minds would allow for PowerVR IP to work on equal teams , and if that certain VMware subsidiary continues to create crippled drivers “ as ordered ” , Intel could find themselves with a nVidia Tegra chip beating the graphics performance of Sandy Bridge CPU .
Where next ?
Intel as a company is an undisputed technology leader and even though it was known to kill unsuccessful projects in the past , this bid is the future of the company .
With Larrabee , it will be easy to expand the CPU portion of Larrabee and try to persuade the world that x86 architecture is here to stay , from ARM - competing parts to high - performance computing .
If not , Intel may be big , but ARM has grand plans for entering the low - ASP area and that could mean the beginning of a war for margins .
Do bear in mind that ARM IP was in over four billion chips in 2008 , so leader in installed user base is ARM , not Intel or AMD .
On the high - end , nVidia leads the parallel world and now has the support from fat governmental contracts such as 10 +
PFLOPS Oak Ridge setup .
With the announcement that Australians will go for 1 Exa-FLOPS machine by 2020 and currently are building software on nVidia GeForce and Tesla cards , Larrabee has potential to enter every market – from a cellphone to a supercomputer .
This one is too big to be missed , folks .
Every project has its challenges , and Larrabee has definitely had its fair share .
If Intel kept a cool head and did n’t start pre-announcing the architecture , causing all the legal and engineering pain , this product would probably be welcomed by analysts , press , and the like .
Instead , we currently have a Boeing 787 in the form of silicon .
The Larrabee is going through significant changes in the architecture and only time [ and money ] will tell what will happen with the project .
Will marketing and sales cause more short fuses in engineering team or will the execs leave engineers in peace to “ create the most complex part Intel has ever created ” ?
What happens from now on will define Intel as a company .
We have a very exciting 12 - 18 months ahead of us .
Again , our message to Intel ’s executive team is very simple : Leave Larrabee teams alone .
You ’ve done enough .
Original Author : Theo Valich
Webmaster ’s note :
This news article is part of our Archive , if you are looking for up - to date articles we would recommend a visit to our technology news section on the frontpage .
Additionally , we take great pride in our Home Office section , as well as our VPN Reviews , so be sure to check them out as well .
Have you been experiencing pain in your eyes , your eyes are watery , low vision , constant headache or just have to opt for a routine check - up for your eyes to see if the eyesight number is the same or not ?
In any of the cases mentioned above , you have to get [… ]
continue reading »
Fuelling the fires of Gamer stereotypes , independent developer Silver Dollar Games has released a game named Do n’t B Nervous Talking 2 Girls on the XBLA Indie Games Marketplace .
For only 80 Microsoft points , equal to one dollar , users can supposedly practice talking girls in a dating - sim manner .
The game sports the tagline “ Are you nervous talking to girls ?
All you need is practice ! ” .
Screenshots of the game can be found after the jump .
Flight Photos
Photographs of Remains of Flights 11 , 175 , and 93
Here are photographs of the remains of Flights 11 , 175 at and around Ground Zero , and Flight 93 in Shanksville , PA .
Photographs of the aircraft remains at the Pentagon are found in the Pentagon evidence section .
Aircraft Remains at Ground Zero
Four photos of remains of engine of plane that impacted WTC tower
Photo of remains of engine of plane that impacted WTC tower
Photo of fragment of the hull of the plane the impacted the South Tower
Photo of landing gear fragment of the plane the impacted the North Tower
Crash Site at Shanksville , PA
Photos of Flight 93's impact crater
Aerial photos of Flight 93's impact crater
Video captures of the Flight 93 crash site
Photos of Flight 93's impact crater used as trial exhibits
Ground - level photos of Flight 93's impact crater and surroundings used as trial exhibits
Photos of Flight 93 debris crater and surroundings used as trial exhibits
Photos of Flight 93 debris crater and surroundings posted by the EPA
Analysis using this evidence
The photographs compiled here document some of the remains of three of the jetliners commandeered on 9/11/01 .
This essay rebutts claims that the photographed debris could not have been from the crashed jetliners .
British Gas is on course for soaring returns from its 15 million household energy customers this winter , with profits expected to rise by 43 per cent to £ 541 m , its owner Centrica told investors yesterday .
It said Britain 's biggest energy supplier was trading " above expectations " despite a 7 per cent fall in demand due to the recession and increased energy efficiency .
In a note to investors , stockbroker Charles Stanley praised BG 's residential supply business , saying its margins " came in at a very healthy 6.8 per cent ( top end of target range ) " , adding it expected the returns to be maintained until its annual results in February .
Consumer groups were less impressed , complaining that energy companies appeared to be profiteering from high prices , amid steep falls in wholesale costs for gas and electricity .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Independent is calling for a 10 per cent cut in energy prices and greater powers for the regulator to act against firms that are not passing on cuts in wholesale costs , amid signs that suppliers are making sharply higher profits .
In July , Centrica announced an 80 per cent rise in British Gas residential half - year operating profits to £ 299 m , while operating profit across its business , which includes boiler and central heating services , rose by 56 per cent to £ 476 m .
Its latest trading update came a day after another supplier , Scottish & Southern ( S&S ) , announced a 36 per cent rise in profit , from £ 302 m to £ 410 m , in its first half .
Last year S&S , the only other British - owned Big Six supplier , put its gas and electricity prices up by 44 per cent , or £ 384 per customer a year , reducing bills by 5 per cent on March 30 this year , after peak winter demand , to an annual average of £ 1,133 .
British Gas put gas prices up by 50 per cent and electricity prices up by 24 per cent last year – and cut them 10 per cent in February and May to an average of £ 1,127 .
During the past year , wholesale prices have more than halved , from £ 84.95 per megawatt to £ 34.75 per megawatt in September , and from 61 p a therm to 24 p a therm .
Meanwhile , largely because of high retail prices , 6.6 million households have become trapped in fuel poverty , paying at least 10 per cent of their income on gas and electricity , treble the number five years ago .
More than 100 MPs have signed a Commons motion calling for the Competition Commission to investigate the pricing strategies of the Big Six suppliers .
Four are foreign - owned : EDF , E.On , Scottish Power and Npower .
The latter three are the most expensive energy companies .
Yesterday , responding to British Gas 's statement , Fiona Cochrane , senior policy adviser at the consumer watchdog Which ? , said : " There must be greater transparency over prices to convince people that they 're not being ripped off by their energy supplier . "
Consumer Focus , the publicly - funded watchdog , said : " Millions of customers struggling to afford their energy bills will find it difficult to understand how energy firms are making such healthy and , in some cases increasing , profits in the recession . "
Joe Malinowski , founder of energy price comparison website TheEnergyShop.com , said that the Big Six suppliers were concentrating on lowering online tariffs for the minority of " price - sensitive " customers , rather than reducing prices for all customers .
" These online tariffs have tracked wholesale prices lower and now offer discounts of over £ 160 compared to standard tariffs , " he said .
" So the potential to benefit from lower wholesale energy prices is there , but only if customers are prepared to shop around . "
By taking advantage of cheap wholesale prices , two new companies , OVO Energy and First : Utility , are offering households much cheaper deals than the more established suppliers .
Dr Madhav Khandekar is a former research scientist from Environment Canada and is an expert reviewer for the IPCC 2007 Climate Change Documents .
Khandekar has been in the fields of weather & climate for over 52 years .
He has agreed to write this very informative guest weblog .
Global warming and glacier melt - down debate : A tempest in a teapot ?
Madhav L Khandekar
The debate over global warming & “ rapid ” melting of world - wide glaciers and in particular the Himalayan glaciers is once again heating up .
There were a flurry of reports , a few weeks ago , in the media and in particular on the BBC ( UK ) world - wide news service about the Himalayan glaciers melting rapidly in the face of global warming .
As this debate was raging , a comprehensive report by Dr V K Raina ( Himalayan glaciers : A state - of - the art review of glacial studies , glacial retreat and climate change ) was released by the Indian Minister of Environment & Forestry in New Delhi , India .
Vijay Kumar Raina , a senior glaciologist and an avid mountaineer himself , has carefully analyzed some 20 glaciers to document retreat as well as advance of some of the glaciers and has cautiously concluded that it is premature to make a statement that the Himalayan glaciers are retreating abnormally because of global warming .
The Indian Minister of Environment Mr Jairam Ramesh hailed the report as an excellent latest study on glaciers and tacitly agreed with the conclusion .
Predictably , the IPCC chair Rajendra Pachauri reacted angrily citing the IPCC 2007 climate change reports which asserted that the ( Himalayan ) glaciers are receding faster than in any other part of the world and if the present rate ( of melting ) continues , the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps even sooner is very high if the earth keeps warming at the current rate .
Several other Indian scientists and glaciologists have got into the debate now with some of them criticizing the Indian Government with an ostrich - like attitude in the face of impending disaster .
What is the reality ?
Let us take a closer look :
First , where did this number 2035 ( the year when glaciers could vanish ) come from ?
According to Prof Graham Cogley ( Trent University , Ontario ) , a short article on the future of glaciers by a Russian scientist ( Kotlyakov , V.M. , 1996 , The future of glaciers under the expected climate warming , 61 - 66 , in Kotlyakov , V.M. , ed. , 1996 , Variations of Snow and Ice in the Past and at Present on a Global and Regional Scale , Technical Documents in Hydrology , 1 . UNESCO , Paris ( IHP - IV Project H - 4.1 ) .
78 p estimates 2350 as the year for disappearance of glaciers , but the IPCC authors misread 2350 as 2035 in the Official IPCC documents , WGII 2007 p. 493 !
So we have a raging debate about impending glacier melt - down because of sloppiness of some IPCC authors !
Further , according to Kotlyakov , the present glacier area of some 500,000 km2 could shrink to 100,000 km2 and this could happen NOT in 2035 but in 2350 , if the current rate of warming continues .
Also this estimated glacier area and its shrinkage does not include internal drainage basin of central Asia with an estimated area of some 40,000 km2 .
Let us now look at the statement that Himalayan glaciers are receding faster than in any other part of the world .
How true is this statement ?
Prof Graham Cogley ( Trent University Peterborough Ontario Canada ) who has analyzed shrinkage rates of many glaciers also refutes the IPCC claim that Himalayan glaciers are shrinking faster than in any other part of the world .
A recent news item from Science ( V 326 13 November 2009 , p.924 ) cites Prof Jeffrey Kargel ’s ( University of Arizona USA ) study which suggests that many glaciers in the Karakoram Mountains ( straddling India and Pakistan ) have stabilized or undergone an aggressive advance in recent years .
Among many important conclusions drawn by Raina in his comprehensive report , the following statement best describes the present state of the Himalayan glaciers : Glaciers in the Himalayas , over the past 100 years , behave in contrasting ways .
Some glaciers ( e.g. Sonapani ) have retreated by as much as 500 m in the last 100 years , while others ( e.g. Kangriz ) have retreated just by an inch or so during the same period .
What is the cause for some glaciers to retreat while others to advance , sometimes in adjoining areas ?
Not an easy question to answer .
Many local and regional features like strong local winds causing erosion , small - scale temperature and precipitation differences and most certainly large - scale atmospheric circulation changes come into play in determining glacier retreat and advance .
Most glaciologists now agree that it is the moisture depletion , not temperature increase that is the primary cause for glacier retreat .
The depleting ice cap on Mt Kilimanajaro ( in east Africa , near equator ) is often cited as an “ evidence ” of global warming , however an excellent paper by Kaser et al ( 2004 , I nt’l J of Climatology ) documents how the peculiar geography of the Mountain together with gradual decline of moisture at mid-tropospheric level since the late nineteenth century has resulted in depletion of its ice cap .
These authors discount recent temperature increase as the cause of ice cap shrinking .
In case of the Himalayan glaciers , precipitation patterns , especially snow precipitation and its intra-seasonal variations , seem to be an important parameter .
Heavy late winter snow precipitation seems to improve the health of some glaciers in the Himalayas ( Koul & Ganjoo Climatic Change 2009 ) .
Finally two glaciers in the Himalayas deserve special attention : The Siachen glacier ( second largest outside of polar latitudes ) is about 75 km long and advanced 700 m between 1862 and 1909 , then retreated 400 m between 1929 and 1958 .
In the last 50 years , the Siachen has stayed about same .
The Gangotri glacier , the source of water for the Holy River Ganga was retreating at 20 m per year up to 2000 , but then slowed down .
In the last two years , the glacier is at a standstill .
In summary , the glaciers in the Himalayas are retreating , but NOT any faster than other glaciers in the Arctic and elsewhere .
The two large and most important glaciers of the Himalayas show very little retreat at this point in time .
The primary reason for retreat of some of the other glaciers seems to be lack of adequate winter snow accumulation .
This depletion of winter snow could be due many factors like inter-annual variability of winter precipitation or possible southward displacement of the sub- tropical jet stream which straddles the Himalayan Mountains over a long 1500 km path .
It is premature at this stage to link global warming to the deteriorating state of Himalayan glaciers at this time .
The Indian Environment Minister MR Jairam Ramesh has correctly observed “ let us not write an epitaph on Himalaya glaciers at this time ”
Acknowledgements : I am grateful to Prof Roger Pielke sr for inviting me to write this commentary for his webblog and Prof Graham Cogley ’s internet commentary was helpful in identifying the misread of the year 2350 to 2035 in the IPCC WGII 2007 .
For those of you who are obsessed with gold accounting -- and there are a lot of you ; rumors about improper counting of gold bars in Ft. Knox are legion -- a fresh report from the Royal Canadian Mint about how it miscounted .3 % of its gold , and lost $ 20 million should be interesting .
The Times Colonist ( via JohnLothian.com ) : A series of miscalculations and blunders in the mint 's gold refinery dating back to 2005 were responsible for 17,500 troy ounces — a system of weights for precious metals — of gold going missing from the mint 's Ottawa inventory count last October , the mint announced in a 12 - page report .
That 's the equivalent of almost 44,400 - ounce bars , worth more than $ 20 million in today 's prices .
The mint said a 14 - month hunt to find out what happened to the precious metal now " fully accounts " for the missing gold , though it admits almost 3,500 ounces unwittingly sold off in slag to U.S. re-refiners will never be recovered .
The mint blames the situation on an explosion in the demand for gold in 2008 , which pushed sales up by 250 per cent and placed a huge strain on its gold refinery , one of the largest in the world .
Read the whole report below :
Management Report Final Eng -
Remember the secret plane spotted in Kandahar ?
The one that looked like a Nazi stealth plane ?
Well , it 's been spotted again , but this time the picture is crystal clear , and it does n't look like anything in the US arsenal .
Advertisement
Click to viewThere 's a possibility that it may have a canopy above the nose , which means it could be a very small manned plane instead of a UAV .
On the other side , it could just be the air intake .
Its buttocks look like those of the P175 Polecat , a design by Skunk Works — Lockheed Martin's Advanced Development Programs .
Whatever it is , I want one for xmas .
[ Flight Global ]
T- Mobile sent out an update regarding the first great tragedy of the 21st century ( involving Sidekicks ) :
They 're still holding out hope for data recovery , but if they can't , they 'll show how sorry they are with a $ 100 credit .
Advertisement
T- Mo seems really sorry about this , you guys .
Of course , they did lose a ton of customer data that 's unlikely to be found , but at least they 're properly apologetic .
They 're doing their best to get the data back , and both they and Microsoft / Danger seem sort of optimistic about it , so it may not be a lost cause quite yet .
The full statement :
A good color combination has the tendency to communicate with the users and let them perceive the design in the correct way .
That is the basic reason why you need to pick the right color for your design .
So , here we are bringing 50 varieties of useful and valuable color tools that would help you choosing the right color palettes for your designs .
You are welcome to share more color tools and resources which our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter and do not forget to become our fan on facebook as well .
Tip :
If you are looking for a visual wordpress theme builder then Divi theme builder would be the right choice to end your searching and start discovering it for your next project .
Divi is more than just a theme , it ’s a website building framework that makes it possible to design beautiful websites without ever touching a single line of code and without installing and configuring dozens of disjointed plugins .
We think this is the future of WYSIWYG , and it ’s unlike any WordPress theme you have used before .
Color Scheme Designer
Color Scheme Designer is a brand new interface , as well as the engine , all rewritten from the scratch .
Rapidly increased precision and color space conversions , better preview , enhanced scheme creation system , unique scheme IDs and permanent URL of the scheme .
The Color Wizard
The Color Wizard is a color matching application for anyone who wants to create designs with great looking colors .
Contrast - A : Find Accessible Color Combinations
The application allows users to experiment with color combinations , examine them under the aspect of accessibility guidelines and to create custom color palettes .
Kuler
The web - hosted application for generating color themes that can inspire any project .
No matter what you ’re creating , with Kuler you can experiment quickly with color variations and browse thousands of themes from the Kuler community .
Colors On The Web
Spin the color wheel and get a selection of three random colors .
The color wheel randomizes among some 16 million colors .
And since each spin produces three different colors , that gives endless combinations .
( or 2 to the power of 70 or so , which is a very large number ) .
Enough to keep anyone busy for a while .
Color Wheel Color Calculator
The Sessions Color Calculator is an interactive color wheel that helps designers select HTML , RGB , or CMYK colors and identifies color harmonies and schemes .
Our Color
Wheel works faster than any other color wheel or html color chart .
Infohound Color Schemer
This color schemer is a simple tool to help you experiment with various color schemes for your next web or print project .
Click around within the shaded box to set the saturation and brightness , or within the rainbow to set the hue .
You can also enter a particular value directly into one of the boxes .
Matching colors will be automatically chosen .
You can click on one to set it as the primary color .
Check My Color
It is a tool for checking foreground and background color combinations of all DOM elements and determining if they provide sufficient contrast when viewed by someone having color deficits .
Hex Color Scheme Generator
This is a great tool to use if you want to develop a matching color scheme for your site .
Say you want your nav color to be # 000066 ( navy blue ) and you want to know what colors would go best with it , this tool will help you .
Color Combinations and Color Schemes
Here you ’re sure to find the perfect color combination for your project .
This site was built to help web developers quickly select and test website color combinations .
Instant Color Scheme
Let Yahoo pick your color scheme !
Enter a word or phrase and I ’ll grab 5 related images from Yahoo Images , and get the 6 most prominent colors from each .
Toucan Color Palettes
Used alone or in conjunction with our other creation tools , Toucan gives you the features you need to inject color into your creative process .
Pictaculous
Ever wonder what colors to use with an image ?
Upload your image – get a color pallette
Daily Colorscheme
Daily Color Scheme is all about color .
Every day color , they serve a new colorscheme every day of the year , to keep the designers head fueled with inspirational and usable color schemes .
Slayeroffice Color Palette Creator
It will create 10 shades of the base color , located top - left , at varying degrees of opacity .
The top row emulates opacity over a white background , the bottom over black ( or colors of your choosing as of v1.4 ) .
The opacity values are 100 % opaque , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % and 10 % on the top row .
The bottom row begins at 85 % rather than 100 % and continues on as the first .
Color Palette Software
COPASO is an advanced color palette tool that helps you create the perfect color schemes and themes .
With a scratch pad to save colors you ’re working with , a photo tool to extract colors and an advanced color picker and color theory wheel to give you tons of color inspiration .
Using COPASO you can save your palettes to a private folder or download them to your local computer .
Color Palette Generator
Enter the URL of an image to get a color palette that matches the image .
This is useful for coming up with a website color palette that matches a key image a client wants to work with .
Color Palette Generator
Generate a color palette based on an image .
CSS Drive ’s Image to Colors Palette Generator !
Upload an image to generate a color palette based on the image ’s primary colors .
Useful for quickly grabbing a particular color within an image for inspiration .
The Color Tool
This web site is dedicated to the display of color combinations , changing css styles , and displaying many powerful and unique color tools and font tools .
PALETTEMAN
Palette Man is a color palette - generation program that ’s geared toward web designers .
You ’re allowed to select 5 colors from the 216 - color web - safe palette and see how they interact .
ColorExplorer
A brand spanking new way of working with digital colors !
With the colorful toolbox at ColorExplorer you can easily create , manage , and explore color palettes for use in web designs , desktop publishing , or any other graphic design process .
Go ahead !
– get started on your colorful and creative voyage into the world of hues , spot colors , red , greens , yellow , and blues !
Color Palette Generator
Automatically create a color palette from any photo .
Kolur
Kolur is a simple ( and hopefully ) enjoyable way to browse color palettes .
Designs displayed in our gallery go beyond the generic 3 colored dots , and attempt to portray the possibilities in palettes .
Color Codes Matching Chart HTML
Note that the conversions in this color codes chart are best described as “ nominal ” .
They will produce an invertible conversion between the RGB code and a subset of CMYK ; that is , one can take an RGB color code and convert to certain CMYK colors , and from these CMYK colors obtain the matching , original RGB codes .
Color Hunter
Color Hunter is a place to find and make color palettes created from images .
Color Match
Color Match is a website tool showing how to match website colors and help in choosing a website color scheme or color code .
Also displays the HTML Color Code .
Gray Bit
GrayBit is an online accessibility testing tool designed to visually convert a full - color web page into a grayscale rendition for the purpose of visually testing the page ’s perceived contrast .
ColourMod
ColourMod originally made its debut as a web - based DHTML Dynamic Colour Picker .
Since the inception of OS X from Apple , ColourMod has been ported to the Dashboard interface and is fully functional in OS X Tiger and Leopard .
ColorZilla
Advanced Eyedropper , Color Picker , Palette Viewer and other colorful goodies for your Firefox
Color Blender
Pick a color value format , input two valid CSS color values in the format you chose , and pick the number of midpoints you ’d like to see .
The palette will show the colors you input as well as the requested number of midpoint colors , and the values of those colors .
Color Blender
Your free online tool for color matching and palette design !
Color Grab
ColourGrab is about er.. colours !
Type a URL of any online image below and our system will tell you the most used colours from that image , and as a result give you some inspirtation !
Not bad if you ask me !
So without further - ado ,
Web Color Visualizer
To visualize color combinations , roll over the swatches to change the color of the elements .
ColorMunki
ColorMunki is the industry ’s hottest all - in - one color solution that delivers unparalleled color control and color creation tools for photo and design digital workflows .
Easy RGB
From your RGB colors it creates colors complements , harmonies and themes .
It can be used to easily generate a Web site color theme or to select good trim and accent colors for your home decorations .
4096 Color Wheel
Color Schemer Online
Color Schemer
Color Combos
Color Jack – Color Theory
Pourpre
Color jack Sphere
Color Mixers
Colorotate
Unsafe Colormatch Template
I Like Your Colors
Colr
Colour Check
Color Lab
Maj .
Philip
Wise , a big teddy bear of a man according to those close to him , worked for three years in the very neighborhood he was gunned down in .
The 40 - year - old father of three joined the Salvation Army along with his wife , Cindy , 16 years ago , and they had spent the past few years reaching out to those in the Baring Cross neighborhood .
The North Little Rock center provides youth programs , weekly church services and Sunday School and a food pantry , among other services .
Police do n’t know whether Wise , who was active in the community , knew his attackers , he said .
Wise was returning to that Salvation Army center at 1505 W. 18th St. with his children Thursday afternoon when two black men , both with handguns , approached him and demanded money .
One shot was fired , and Wise was killed as his children stood by .
His wife , who was in the center at the time , was the one to call 911 .
The family was about to leave for a Christmas trip to West Viriginia .
Salvation Army major shot Watch Video
" It 's such a tragedy for the community , " said Sgt. Terry Kuykendall with the North Little Rock Police Department .
" I hope they realize the loss . "
Maj .
Harvey Johnson ,
Wise 's boss for the past year and a half , said Wise was an all - around good guy , a big teddy bear who loved sports .
With Wise 's children and Johnson 's grandchildren around the same age , they shared many birthday celebrations together with their families .
The Wises had just adopted their children — ages 4 , 6 and 8 — last year , Johnson said .
The three were siblings who came from an abusive family .
They were receiving counseling after their father ’s death , he said .
“ He was involved in the fabric of that community in a lot of different ways , ” Johnson said .
He described Wise as “ a big boy ” who played “ a big old tuba ” in a brass ensemble and used his love of music to try help others .
“ He encouraged kids in music as an alternative to the life they were living , ” he said .
Kuykendall said he knew Wise , although they were not close friends .
“ Mr. Wise within the last two months had spent so much time raising money so that several hundred children in this community could have a good Christmas , and for this to happen ... on Christmas Eve is just a tragedy , ” he said .
Wise was originally from Weirton , W.Va. , and his wife , Cindy , was from Charleston , W.Va .
They met 16 years ago at a Salvation Army school in Atlanta , Johnson said .
Both had worked for the Salvation Army ever since .
“ He ’s touched a lot of people , ” Johnson said .
“ But who would he have touched if he had been able to live out his career ? ”
Related Article Major shot at Salvation Army , dies
Authorities are hoping anyone with information into the shooting comes forward .
Crimestoppers is offering a $ 1,000 reward for an arrest and conviction in Wise 's shooting .
The Crimestoppers number is ( 501 ) 758-1234 .
The Salvation Army said any donations made in Wise 's name will go toward music instruction at the organization 's summer camp .
A Wise Family Memorial Fund will be set up soon , according to Kathy Barbeire with the Salvation Army .
A priest was arrested today on charges of raping a minor tribal girl inside a temple here , police said .
The accused , identified as Biranchi Maharana ( 49 ) , lured the 13 - year - old girl into the Mangala temple located in a slum in the Sector - III area here yesterday and sexually assaulted her , they said .
Maharana had cajoled the girl with an assurance that he would cure the prolonged illness she was suffering from by performing puja before Goddess Mangala .
On receipt of a complaint , police arrested the priest today and both the accused and the victim were medically examined , police said .
Maharana was remanded to jail custody for two weeks by a local court .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Wall Streeters returning Monday after an almost five - day holiday weekend better be well rested : the week ahead brings an onslaught of reports on retailers , consumer spending and the jobs market .
Financial markets were closed Thursday for Thanksgiving and Friday 's half day was barely attended .
Dubai 's debt problems , a rallying dollar and a selloff in commodities dragged on stocks and may continue to exert pressure Monday .
But tempering that will be what looks to be a mildly positive start to the holiday shopping period .
Reports released over the weekend suggest that despite the brutal jobs market , decline in personal wealth and lingering worries about the economy , consumers are willing to spend if the deal is right .
" So far , so good on Black Friday , " said Karl Mills , chief investment officer at Jurika , Mills & Keifer .
" But more important than what happens this weekend is what happens to the consumer longer term . "
This week also brings significant readings on manufacturing , housing and the labor market , with the big November jobs report from the government due at the end of the week .
President Obama speaks Tuesday night about Afghanistan and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's confirmation hearing is Thursday .
Retail : Initial reports and projections for Black Friday and the weekend show consumers have been taking advantage of deals on clothing , toys , electronics and entertainment .
Best Buy ( BBY , Fortune 500 ) , Wal - Mart Stores ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) , Toys R Us and Amazon.com ( AMZN , Fortune 500 ) are among the companies that are already benefiting .
ShopperTrak , a retail analytic firm , said Black Friday sales were up 0.5 % from last year .
Cyber Monday , the first day back to work after the holiday , will also be scrutinized for signs that the consumer is participating at a critical time for the economy .
Most economists believe the recession is over , thanks in part to copious amounts of fiscal and monetary stimulus .
But an unemployment rate at a 26 - year high of 10.2 % , lower household income and a still - tight lending environment mean any recovery is likely to be tepid .
Consumer spending fuels roughly two - thirds of economic growth and , with some of the government stimulus programs set to wind down , a still - reticent consumer could be a disaster .
Slide or surge anew ?
Despite ongoing calls for a bigger selloff , the market has shown an amazing amount of resilience over the last 10 months , posting only slim declines during an otherwise strong , upward trek .
Since closing at a 12 - year low on March 9 , the S&P 500 has gained just over 60 % .
Year - to - date , it 's gained 21 % .
Yet , there is little to suggest a selloff is brewing as the year winds down .
" There are only five weeks left in the year and we are likely to see a measured move up , " said David Levy , portfolio manager at Kenjol Capital Management .
" With only a few small corrections since March , the people who are still sitting on the sidelines are going to have to jump in , " he said .
On the docket
Monday : Black Friday passes the torch to Cyber Monday , the big online shopping day that follows the long Thanksgiving weekend .
The Chicago PMI , a regional read on manufacturing , is due out shortly after the start of trading .
The index is expected to have fallen to 53 from 54.2 in October .
Tuesday : The ISM Manufacturing index is the standout on a busy day for economic news .
The index is expected to have fallen to 54.8 from 55.7 in October .
Construction spending for October is expected to have fallen 0.4 % after rising 0.8 % in September .
The pending home sales index for October is expected to have fallen 0.5 % after rising 6.1 % in the previous month .
Also on tap : reports on November auto and truck sales .
On Tuesday evening , President Obama is expected to announce his strategy on Afghanistan in a speech given at West Point , N.Y .
( For a preview of what to look for , click here . )
Wednesday : Payroll services firm ADP releases its survey on private - sector employment shortly before the start of trading .
Employers in the private sector are expected to have cut 148,000 jobs from their payrolls in November , after cutting 203,000 in the previous month .
Challenger , Gray & Christmas will also release its November report on planned job cut announcements in the morning .
In the afternoon , the Fed releases its periodic " beige book " report on the economy .
Thursday :
The weekly jobless claims report from the Labor Department is due before the start of trading .
Approximately 483,000 Americans are expected to have filed new claims for unemployment , up from 466,000 the previous week .
Continuing claims - a measure of people who have been receiving benefits for a week or more - is expected to have risen to 5,517,000 from 5,423,000 the previous week .
The nation 's retailers release their sales figures for November in the early morning .
The figures will include the critical Black Friday period .
At 10 a.m. ET the Senate Banking Committee holds a confirmation hearing on Ben Bernanke 's second term as Federal Reserve Chairman .
The revised reading on third - quarter productivity , the third - quarter employment cost index and the November ISM services sector index are all due as well .
Friday : The November employment report from the Labor Department is the biggest economic report of the week .
Employers are expected to have cut 114,000 jobs from their payrolls in the month after cutting 190,000 in the previous month .
The unemployment rate , generated by a separate survey , is expected to hold steady at 10.2 % , unchanged from October .
The October factory orders report is due out after the start of trading .
Orders are expected to have risen 0.1 % after rising 0.9 % in September .
A draft Copenhagen climate agreement prepared by the hosts Denmark that was leaked to the Guardian
Adobe Illustrator patterns makes your work process easier and the result prettier .
Every vector professional must know the secrets and details about using seamless patterns , as well as many approaches to creating them .
In this tutorial I dive into the anatomy of patterns in Adobe Illustrator , analyzing numerous existing methods of creating a seamless pattern fill , from the easiest ones to the most complex ones .
Vector Plus
Want access to the full Vector Source files and downloadable copies of every tutorial , including this one ?
Join Vector Plus for just 9 $ a month .
Tutorial Details
Program : Adobe Illustrator CS3
: Adobe Illustrator CS3 Difficulty : Beginner to Intermediate
Beginner to Intermediate Estimated Completion Time : 30 to 60 minutes
Introduction
I believe that most readers know and use patterns in Illustrator , but I also know that there are some users that are only now making their first steps in
this program .
This tutorial will be useful for both groups .
We will start from the basics , moving to more complex things .
This tutorial contains three sections comprised of : pattern basics , saving patterns , and creating seamless patterns .
Let 's get started !
Theory : Understanding the Basics
I think it 's a good idea to start with the theoretical part first .
This way those of you who are only starting to work in Illustrator will learn the basics
of patterns .
Illustrator experts , however , may skip this part and jump right to the practical section on " Saving Patterns " or " Creating Patterns . "
1 . What is a Pattern ?
In Adobe Illustrator Patterns are one of the powerful tools used to decorate your artwork .
It may be applied in the form of Pattern fill - one of three
types of fills , along with Color and Gradient fill .
Patterns can serve as one of two types of stroke - along with Color stroke .
Besides , pattern is
a base of Pattern brush .
These three embodiments of patterns are enough to make them irreplaceable helpers for designers and illustrators .
2. Pattern Anatomy
In a nutshell , patterns are a group of vector objects with rectangular - shaped borders ( tile ) .
The source tile is saved as a pattern .
To form the seamless pattern texture , the saved source is automatically tiled horizontally and vertically .
The tile direction is guided by rulers in the Illustrator document - usually patterns start from the lower - left corner .
Interestingly , when the pattern is applied to a vector object as a fill or stroke , the result is a pixel - based image .
However , as the source tile is vector , it is still scaleable , so you do n't need to worry about the quality .
3. Finding Patterns
We will soon be creating our own patterns , but first I want to make sure you try the existing ones .
Adobe Illustrator has a plenty of default
libraries for most kinds of elements , such as : color and gradient swatches , symbols , brushes , and graphic styles .
Of course , there are built - in patterns as
well , from simple dots to complex crocodile skin .
To try them all , navigate to Window > Swatch Libraries >
Patterns and select the
library you wish .
It is possible to load other pattern libraries , for example , downloaded from open - source internet sites .
To do it , go to Window > Swatch library >
Other library and navigate to the saved file on your hard disk ( it might have a .ai extension ) .
Usually , when you apply a swatch from an additional library it appears in the main Swatches panel .
You may also want your main Swatches panel to show only pattern swatches - for this , choose Show Patterns in the panel View Options icon .
4. Studying Patterns
I recommend you to study the default patterns from inside Illustrator .
To do it , simply drag the one you like onto your artboard .
It is extremely useful for
understanding how patterns work .
You will see the initial tile - the source group of objects that are repeated to form a seamless pattern .
It is
especially interesting to find out what complex patterns consist of .
This will help teach us how to create these later .
5. Pattern Fill
Pattern fills works in a simple way - it is applied as a fill to selected objects .
You can apply multiple fills to any object , combining all types of fills ( color , gradient , and pattern ) using the Appearance panel ( Shift + F6 ) .
You can also assign a blending mode and change the pattern fill opacity in the Transparency panel ( Shift + Command + F10 ) .
You can transform the pattern fill in any way - moving , scaling , rotating , reflecting it , etc , along with the object itself or separately .
To do it , select any transform tool you want , for example Rotate ( R ) , click Enter , and check what exactly you want to transform - either patterns only , or object only , or both .
6. Pattern Stroke
A pattern stroke is one of two types of strokes in Adobe Illustrator .
Just like a pattern fill , you can combine pattern strokes with color strokes in the
Appearance panel .
You can also change its opacity and blending mode in the Transparency panel .
As for transformation , again you may rotate , move , or scale a pattern applied to a stroke separately or together with the object .
If you want all strokes to transform proportionally with the object , simply check Transform Strokes and Effects in the flyout menu of the Transform panel .
7. Pattern Brush
Another pattern embodiment is the pattern brush .
There are many default pattern brushes , you can find them in Window > Brush Libraries > Border_Brushes and choose the library .
Brushes can be applied as a stroke effect to any path , or you can use the Brush tool ( B ) to draw directly with chosen type .
Still you can create your own pattern brush using any pattern in the main Swatches panel - simply click the New icon in the Brushes panel ( F5 ) , select
Border type , and then select any pattern you like from the list .
Adjust other settings , and your brush is ready .
You can add other sections like
corner parts or end parts by creating objects you want and Alt - dragging them to the appropriate section of an existing brush .
Or , again , you may add
any section choosing from the list of patterns in the main Swatches panel .
Vectortuts + has plenty of custom pattern brush tutorials , like href = " https://vector.tutsplus.com/tutorials/designing/how-to-create-a-climbing-rope-pattern-brush/ "
>How to Create a Climbing Rope Pattern Brush ,
or Create a Gold Chain Pattern
Brush with Illustrator , and much more .
Important !
Saving Patterns
Well , we 've found out what patterns are and how to apply them .
Still , the most important thing about Illustrator 's seamless patterns is that we can
create and save our own custom pattern swatches .
Prior to moving to the main section explaining how to create seamless patterns , I want to make sure you know how to save patterns properly .
Below I explain everything you need to know about it .
If you already know all about saving patterns you can go to the final section on " Creating Patterns " .
1. Defining a Pattern
To define a pattern in Adobe Illustrator , you should first create the source tile for it that will be then repeated horizontally and vertically to form a seamless texture .
Anyway , you will need to create the objects to form your pattern and then save it .
To save an object or group of objects as a pattern swatch , simply drag it to the Swatches panel .
It is a good habit to name patterns appropriately , to do it double - click the swatch and rename it .
Another option for saving a pattern is to select objects and go to Edit >
Define pattern , this way you can name it right away .
2. Restrictions
Actually , it 's possible to create patterns with all kinds of objects , including symbols , gradients , brushes , blends , and mesh .
However , you must
not save a tile containing guides .
Because we use guides very often when creating a pattern , do n't forget to delete them prior to saving .
Patterns
must not include objects with patterns applied to it , unfortunately .
Also , try to not use complex effects within a pattern tile , as it may lead to unpredictable results sometimes .
3. Cropping a Tile
Before we learn the process of seamless pattern creation , I think we must remember techniques of cropping the tile .
As the objects we create mostly do not form a perfect rectangle or square , there are ways of defining exact pattern borders to avoid incorrect results .
There are three main cropping pattern tile methods :
1. Background Rectangle -
In this method , the rectangle is placed below all other objects , so that all elements stay within its borders .
2. Dividing Objects -
To crop the pattern , create a rectangle on top of all objects to match the tile .
Now you have two options : either select all objects and press the Crop button in the Pathfinder panel , or select the top rectangle and go to Object > Path >
Divide objects below and delete the leftovers .
Now you can save the perfectly cropped pattern .
3. Invisible Borders -
This method is the most advanced and popular .
Create a rectangle matching the tile borders , make it NO fill and NO stroke ( dark rectangle on the image below ) and send it to back of the entire stack ( Shift + Command + [ ) .
This invisible shape will define the pattern borders , this way you can avoid dividing objects .
4. Transparency and Blending
If you use blending modes or opacity for objects in your tile , the future pattern will inherit them , and the object with such pattern applied will
look good only on particular background color .
You may want to leave it as is , if it 's the effect you want .
Still , if you want to correct it , I suggest that you either use a solid - colored background included in the pattern itself , or turn all objects to flat - color or 100 % opaque ones .
To do it , select your tile objects and go to Object > Flatten Transparency and adjust settings .
You may want to check Preserve alpha transparency , converting objects with blending modes to flat - color but preserve their opacity level , or check Preserve Overprints ( works for 100 % opaque shapes ) to keep blending modes intact , converting elements to 100 % opaque .
This way yo may choose how to handle transparency to convert objects to flat - color or 100 % opaque ( or both ) shapes .
As an example , I will use this option when creating patterns later in this tutorial .
You can use whatever objects you like , but I want you to try one nice technique - I 'll show it in case you want to recreate it .
For the patterns created below I took multiple objects made with the help of the Tilde key ( ~ ) and the Snap to Grid ( Shift + Command + ') option .
To make them , grab any shape tool , from the Rectangle to Star to Spiral , and start drawing an object pressing the Tilde key .
This way we get multiple copies , and we can scale and rotate them while drawing .
To make the result more pleasant , adjust your grid size by going to Preferences > Guides and Grid ( Command + K ) , turn the Grid on ( Command + ') and Snap to Grid ( Shift + Command + ') on .
Then select the objects created , reduce their opacity , change the color , and change the blending mode to your liking .
You can also try pressing other modifier keys when drawing along with Tilde , like Alt to draw from the center , or Shift to constrain the proportions ( or both , if you have enough fingers ) to get interesting results .
Also , try the Spacebar to move shapes while drawing .
You can then combine the resulted shapes in various abstract figures , duplicating and transforming them to your liking .
Practice : Creating Seamless Patterns
There are numerous methods for creating seamless patterns , from the easiest to the most complex ones .
The first and foremost rule for correct pattern creation is to make it seamlessness .
This means a tile should be constructed in such a way , that elements on its right border perfectly match ones on its left border , and top and bottom borders match as well .
This way , when a pattern is tiled horizontally and vertically it looks seamless .
Below I use simple forms just for demonstrative purpose , you can apply these methods to create more complex patterns .
I will explain all pattern techniques I know in the practical guide below , starting from the primitive one and moving to complex techniques involving precise calculations .
1. The Easiest Method .
It 's obvious that any object or group of objects can be technically saved as a pattern , although it wo n't necessarily work well seamlessly .
Still , we 'll start from this primitive ( and the least popular ) way to create a pattern - drawing any object and dragging it to the Swatches panel .
If the object has a rectangular shape , the pattern will be correct , as the pattern tile border will match the rectangle border .
If , however , the object is n't rectangular , the tile borders will be assigned according to the object bounding box .
This way , if we simply save a star or circle as a pattern , the tile will still be rectangular with empty space added automatically .
Of course , this is not what we usually want , but sometimes this method may produce interesting results .
2. Within the Background
As it follows from the previous step , patterns should be saved with rectangle borders to look correct .
One good and simple way of doing it is creating
a background rectangle of the desired color to serve as a tile , and then drawing objects on top of it and position them within its borders .
The program takes the borders of the entire group as a tile , in this case they will match the background rectangle .
To make sure the tile is formed correctly and the pattern will be seamless , position all the inner objects within the background .
This method is used in the tutorial A Beginners Guide to Digital Textile Printing , demonstrating what nice results may be produced .
Save the entire group as a pattern and see the outcome .
Note : if you need no color background for your pattern , you still can position objects to your liking and crop the tile with the Invisible borders
method .
This way all elements will stay on a transparent background .
3. Reflection
Another method worth mentioning that produces very nice - looking results is mirroring .
The idea of it is creating a symmetric pattern .
Symmetry
is a harmonious composition technique , and reflected patterns are usually pleasant to the viewer , that 's why we like symmetric ornaments .
To create it , draw a rectangle background tile and put the main objects onto it .
Here I used simple shapes to create a digital sound wave just to illustrate the idea .
Try to position objects so that they overlap one vertical tile border ( in the image below it 's the right border ) .
Move and transform elements to get the result you like , then copy the background rectangle ( Command + C ) and paste it in front ( Command + F ) , then bring it to front ( Shift + Command + ] ) .
Select everything and crop all objects by pressing the Crop button in the Pathfinder panel ( Shift + Command + F9 ) - and you 'll have one - half of the future pattern .
To create a second half , select all elements and choose the Reflect tool ( O ) , now Alt - click on the tile 's right border and enter a Vertical axis , and click Copy .
Both parts will perfectly match now ( you may want to reflect the pattern again by the horizontal axis ) .
4. From the End
The methods above are quiet straightforward , and they are not enough at all for making more complex seamless textures .
Sometimes you need to start from the end , creating not the only one tile , but rather the entire pattern of many tiles , and find the initial tile later .
To illustrate this , let 's make the pattern made of hexagons .
A hexagon , by the way , is a great shape for making seamless patterns with , as the objects perfectly match each others ' borders , as well as an equilateral triangle ( actually , most regular polygons form nice seamless patterns , starting from a square ) .
To create this type of pattern , we have to understand what the initial image is that will be tiled later .
To do it , we can simply start building a model of
future patterns with repeated elements .
One of the best examples of such technique is a demonstrated in the tutorial How to Create Seamless Watermark Patterns .
First , create the layered hexagon with the help of the Tilde and Snap to Grid option , give it low opacity and Multiply blending mode .
You can , however , use a plain flat - color hexagon with stroke , but if you use this technique , you should read a note above about handling transparency and blending .
Now , with the Snap to Point option checked ( Command + Alt + " ) and Smart Guides turned on ( Command + U ) , duplicate the group several times to form a few columns that exactly touch each other .
You can check touching borders by switching to Outline mode ( Command + Y ) .
You are ready when you have enough elements to find a tile among them .
Now you must find the tile - the points where elements repeat indicate tile borders .
Turn on rulers ( Command + R ) and drag two vertical guides that precisely intersect shapes in two similar points , now drag two horizontal guides ( refer to the image ) .
Smart guides will help find intersections .
Create a rectangle within the guides ( see the image below , I 've made it darker ) , and assign the tile borders using Divide or the invisible rectangle method .
Now you can delete the guides and save the entire stack as a pattern and apply it to any shape .
5. Blending
Here is another modification of previous method .
Oftentimes there is a need for patterns to contain a series of the same objects with different positioning , when elements overlap , and tile borders are not obvious at all , pretty much like with the hexagons above .
Still , whenever our elements must form a perfect sequence , there is a tool to help us significantly - the Blend command .
Let 's create a pattern similar to a parquetry floor ornament .
Create a small rectangle ( M ) - mine is 50 px by 10 px .
Fill it with any color you like and rotate it 45 degrees .
Now Alt +
Shift - drag it to the right to copy and keep the baseline .
Now select both shapes and go to Object > Blend >
Options , select Specified steps and enter how many steps you want the blend to be .
This number depends on the distance between two objects , I entered 10 .
Now just press
Alt +
Command + B to make the blend .
Here it is - the series of the same objects .
You can modify blend parameters by selecting the blend group and going to the blend options again , or by clicking the Blend tool icon twice in the tools panel .
Now with the blend selected , choose the Reflect Tool ( O ) and Alt - click in its lower area , choose the Horizontal option and click Copy .
You 'll have a reflected copy of the original group .
Position it so that it matches the corners of a first row .
You can alter its color as well .
Now just copy the first top group and drag it down to match the second one ( Alt + Shift - drag ) .
Now it 's time for adjustments - you can easily change blend parameters for all three groups .
Select them and click the Blend tool icon twice .
When you are happy with the pattern , find the tile borders .
Turn on the rulers ( Command + R ) and drag two vertical guides that touch the same corners of two neighboring rectangles .
Now drag two horizontal guides that touch the same corners of the two rectangles of the top and bottom row .
Draw an invisible bottom rectangle , hide your guides , and save the pattern .
That is it .
6. Smart Guides
Sometimes , when we create a pattern out of several objects , we need the tile border to lie exactly on some element .
Therefore , we need to have two copies of this element on both borders at exact positions .
It is not hard to do with the help of guides .
First , create a background rectangle for your pattern and fill it with the desired color ( if you want a transparent background , create a rectangle and turn it into a guide by pressing Command + 5 ) .
Now , create the objects you want for the pattern , in this case it 's groups of objects .
Turn on Smart Guides in the Preview menu or press Command + U. Now move the first object so that it 's center sits exactly on the left rectangle border - smart guides will indicate it .
Alt +
Shift - drag the object to the right to copy it and keep the baseline until its center touches the right rectangle border .
Now do the same with other objects - position them on the rectangle borders and make copies on opposite sides .
You can put the object in the corner , making sure it touches the object 's center point and make three copies in every corner .
You can also put some objects randomly within the rectangle .
When you like the outcome , you can assign the tile borders .
Copy the background rectangle and paste it to back ( Command + C and Command + B ) , or in this case you used a rectangle guide to turn it into a shape again ( Alt + Command + 5 ) .
Make sure its on the bottom of the Layers panel , and give it no fill and no stroke .
Now you can select all elements and define a pattern .
7. Calculations
Very often all we need from seamless patterns is just randomly scattered objects .
Previous methods wo n't work for this , as it makes a visible tile because the rectangle borders overlap center points of objects rather than any random points .
We can still make random seamless patterns with the help of precise calculations .
First , we 'll need a background tile with exact measurements - again , create a rectangle and either fill it with color or turn it into a guide .
You better create it by pressing Enter and inserting the width and height you want the tile to be .
Now create the objects for your pattern .
When they are ready , place the first objects anywhere on the rectangle 's bottom border .
Now select the object with the Move tool ( V ) and press Enter , now in the Vertical field insert the value for moving the object precisely - the height of your tile , and press Copy .
If you forget the tile height or width , simply select the background rectangle and open the Transform panel - you 'll see the numbers in the W and H fields .
Position the second object to another border and again copy it the same way .
For the right and left borders , enter the value that equals the tile width in the Horizontal field of the Move window , while for the bottom and top borders enter a tile height in the Vertical field .
You 'll need to enter negative numbers ( like - 200 px ) while moving left or down .
You can place objects in the corner , in this case duplicate it both horizontally and vertically to have 4 copies .
Also put some objects in the middle of the tile if you want .
Now you can assign the tile borders using either the Divide objects method or Invisible bottom tile method , and save the pattern .
This pattern technique is great for creating scattered elements like in the pattern created in this tutorial How to Make a Foolproof Flowery Wallpaper Pattern .
8. Dynamic Edit
While creating a pattern , we oftentimes lack the possibility to see how the final result will look .
However , there is a method allowing not only to model the resulted effect , but also to edit it dynamically .
First of all , create the tile containing the background rectangle ( with fixed width and height ) and other pattern objects .
Position all objects in the desired place , including those that overlap the tile borders ( do n't make copies for the opposite borders , however ) .
Now , group all the shapes .
With the entire group selected , go to Effects > Distort & Transform > Transform .
Here , in the Horizontal move field , enter the rectangle width and for the number of copies enter 2 , and apply it .
Again , go to the same Transform effect , you 'll be prompted to apply a new effect - click Apply .
This time enter the rectangle height in the Vertical move field ( negative number ) , again enter 2 copies and apply the transformation .
What you get now is a 3x3 square modeling a future pattern , with the original group positioned in the upper - left corner .
Transform effects can be edited in the Appearance panel .
Now you can easily move or transform any object of the original group to achieve the desired result !
To do it , choose the Group Selection tool ( White arrow with the plus sign ) that is hidden under the Direct Selection arrow , and select every element of the group separately - changes will dynamically apply to all 9 tiles .
If your elements are combined in groups , you might need to click twice with the Group selection .
You can now find a perfect position for every object in this pattern , making sure they do not overlap .
When you are happy with how the pattern looks , you can define tile borders and save it .
You do n't even have to expand the effect !
All you have to do now is create a rectangle the same size as your initial tile , position it somewhere inside your pattern model , send it to back and make it invisible .
Save the pattern and apply it to see the result !
9. Random Texture
I want to share another method that can be very helpful for creating a random texture , like concrete , paper , or rock surface .
We 'll use raster filters to make this type of pattern .
Create a rectangle with a flat - color or gradient fill , depending on your needs .
Select it and go to the Filters menu , choose the raster filter that suits your needs ( good effects can be achieved with the Texture section , like Grain or Texturizer filter ) , adjust the filter settings to your liking and apply it .
Now expand it ( Object > Expand appearance ) and live trace the group ( Object > Live trace ) .
Adjust the Live trace parameters and expand it to get a group of vector objects .
Now you can ungroup it if you want , or simply assign tile borders with an invisible rectangle and send it to back ( Shift + Command + [ ) , and save the pattern .
Conclusion .
In this tutorial we 've learned all about patterns in Adobe Illustrator - what they consist of , how to save them and assign borders properly , and , more importantly , how to create custom seamless patterns .
We used simple objects to understand all basic methods of pattern creation , but once you know all these techniques , you can try them on more complex images .
You can also combine described methods together inventing your own unique techniques !
Subscribe to the Vectortuts + RSS
Feed to stay up to date with the latest vector tutorials and articles .
Here 's a simple principle for good eating : " If it comes in a box , bag , bottle , or can it 's automatically suspect .
The only safe place in the supermarket is the produce department . "
The subject of BPA - a plastic used in virtually all cans and bottles - comes up from time to time and then is quieted down .
Here 's what you need to know about it and why it 's so hard to get the straight story .
A textbook case of food industry manipulation of science and regulation .
BPA is a plastic that 's used extensively in food packaging .
For one thing , it lines the inside of every can sold in America .
It 's an endocrine disrupter implicated in breast and prostate cancer and is particularly dangerous for small children and developing fetuses .
This video is the story of how information about the dangers of BPA has been continually suppressed by its manufacturers ( including General Electric ) with the help of corrupt scientists , politicians and government officials .
Want to watch the full 40 - minute report on this startling subject ?
Check out the original story done by Milwaulkee Sentinel reporters at :
http://www.pbs.org/wnet/expose/2009/02/303-index.html
And to read the series from the Sentinel , go here :
http://www.jsonline.com/watchdog/34405049.html
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
Published by Stephen Roper on Tagged environment
A recent survey carried out in the USA has found that although people want to do their bit for the environment they are unwilling to recycle old mobile phones without some sort of incentive .
In the survey of 1000 people , 98 % would not be prepared to send an old mobile in for recycling without cash or shopping vouchers in return .
According to Nokia it ’s not just US citizens who will not recycle without an incentive but people worldwide .
Communications manager at Nokia , Saara Tahvanainen said “ We ’ve noticed that offering a reward increases the chances of people bringing back their old mobiles , even if the incentive is giving money to charity interest increase . ”
A recent survey carried out in the UK found that mobile recycling related searches have risen almost 200 % in the last 12 month which is due to the number of sites offering cash for old mobiles .
It appears as though simply asking people to recycle is no longer enough to stop old mobile phones from ending up at landfill .
Recycle your old phone for cash today
What can you remember from “ The Brothers Karamazov ” ?
Perhaps you recall the rampages of the drunken , leering father ; the outraged pride of Katerina Ivanovna ; the reeking wake of the saintly Father Zosima ; or ( the grad student ’s choice ) the speech of the Grand Inquisitor .
The mind ’s retention of plotlines , even those from the pillars of the literary canon , is often selective and uncertain .
But here ’s a different question :
What ca n’t you forget ?
One paragraph has haunted English readers ever since Constance Garnett translated the novel from the Russian in 1912 .
Grushenka , a passionate “ fallen woman , ” tells the tale of a wicked peasant who dies and is dragged by devils into a lake of fire .
The peasant ’s guardian angel tries to save her by telling God of the single good deed the woman performed in her lifetime : she once pulled an onion from her garden and gave it to a beggar .
“ Take that onion then , ” God replies , “ hold it out to her in the lake , and let her take hold . ”
If the onion does n’t break , God continues , “ let her come to Paradise . ”
But as the angel draws the peasant out , other sinners cling to her , seeking their own rescue , and she selfishly kicks them away .
The onion breaks , and down she sinks .
Dostoyevsky did n’t invent this anecdote ; a peasant told it to him .
Lessons like this sometimes seem to emerge whole from the Russian soil , but not every writer has the instincts to grab on and hold tight when they surface .
Ludmilla Petrushevskaya does .
Every one of the 19 stories in Petrushev­skaya ’s “ There Once Lived a Woman Who Tried to Kill Her Neighbor ’s Baby ” presents an arresting parable of this kind .
Timeless and troubling , these “ scary fairy tales ” grapple with accidents of fate and weaknesses of human nature that exact a heavy penance .
While each story seizes the imagination in its own manner , one called “ Revenge ” features a woman who could be the double of Grushenka ’s spiteful peasant .
Jealous of her neighbor in a communal apartment — an unmarried woman , like herself , whose pregnancy has disrupted their friendship — she booby - ­traps their common space with boxes of needles and buckets of bleach and boiling water , hoping an accident will befall the unsuspecting mother ’s young child .
Will the woman succeed in her cruel plan — and , if so , will she be punished ?
How can justice be served on an unprovable crime ?
Petrushevskaya has both the answer and the judgment .
Short , highly concentrated , inventive and disturbing , her tales inhabit a border­line between this world and the next , a place where vengeance and grace may be achieved only in dreams .
The editor and critic Keith Gessen ( author of the novel “ All the Sad Young Literary Men ” ) and Anna Summers , a Boston - based scholar of Slavic literature , chose and translated these selections , winnowing them from the large harvest of Petrushevskaya ’s works and hand - picking stories with mystical resonance or echoes in fable and fairy tale .
In their introduction , they explain that the origins of this genre reach back to Homer , to the ritual that classicists call nekyia , communion with the dead .
But there ’s no need to consult the “ Odyssey ” to understand the author ’s method — M. Night Shyamalan ’s film “ The Sixth Sense ” will also summon the appropriate shiver .
In one of her collections , Gessen and Summers write , “ Petrushevskaya invented a name for this secondary reality : ‘ Orchards of Unusual Possibilities . ’ ” They are orchards you would not want to visit by night .
While CERN 's vast Large Hadron Collider accelerator gathers all the headlines - allowing humble hacks to become Hollywood blockbuster scriptwriters - an ancient piece of atom hardware is beginning experiments that may prove to be of significance .
CERN 's much - anticipated CLOUD experiment has begun , the atom lab says .
Using the 50 - year - old Proton Synchrotron , the experiment simulates cosmic rays passing through the earth 's atmosphere , and hopes to reveal the extent to which the constant background drizzle of charged particles plays a role in cloud formation .
Earlier experiments have suggested that ionisation causes clouds to " seed " - and that ionisation is influenced by the type and quantity of cosmic rays that reach the earth .
Both the sun and the earth 's magnetic fields act as umbrellas , protecting the surface from the high energy particles , although two particles still reach the surface per second .
But small changes in the cosmic ray flux produce significant changes in cloud cover .
When fewer cosmic rays reach earth , the planet 's climate is warmer , when more reach earth , the climate cools .
" So marked is the response to relatively small variations in the total ionization , we suspect that a large fraction of Earth 's clouds could be controlled by ionisation , " noted Danish scientist Henrik Svesmark this summer .
Svensmark has pioneered the research using smaller experiments , but has waited over a decade to see it tested on such a scale .
Much of the recent interest comes from climate watchers .
Clouds are one of the biggest factors in determining global surface temperature , but the UN's IPCC admits the level of scientific understanding of them is poor .
The cosmic ray effect - a factor of the background CBR bombardment itself , and the relative strength of the earth and the Sun 's magnetic shields - shows a strong correlation between temperature , CBR and is extraordinary .
Here 's the relationship over the short term - around 2,000 years .
And here 's the correlation into deep time , with CO2 as a comparison .
In addition , " deep freezes " in the Earth 's temperatures have coincided with short - lived but intense bursts of cosmic ray activity .
Modulation is thought to reflect the Sun 's passage through spiral arms of the Milky Way , and also the Sun 's oscillation in relation to the plane of the galaxy .
The Sun bobs up and down 2.7 times per orbit .
CERN became involved when a visiting lecture by former New Scientist editor Nigel Calder was attended by Jasper Kirkby - CLOUD 's project leader .
It 's taken 12 years to fire up the particles for this major test .
CERN has an interview with Kirkby here . ®
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Nearly two years after the Great Recession began , the U.S. economy still is shedding jobs , economists said ahead of the Labor Department 's November jobs report .
Another 100,000 jobs were destroyed during November , according to the median forecast of economists surveyed by MarketWatch .
It would be the 23rd consecutive month of job losses , the longest losing streak since the 1930s .
The official unemployment rate is expected to remain at 10.2 % , the highest since 1983 .
The Labor Department 's report is expected at 8:30 a.m. Eastern .
After the steep drop in gross domestic product in late 2008 and early 2009 , the economy is growing again , but it 's not growing fast enough to create any jobs .
So far , at least 7.4 million jobs have been lost , an estimate that 's likely to be revised to more than 8 million .
" The recent economic data have been consistent with our view that the economy is recovering , but at a distinctly subpar pace , " wrote Jan Hatzius , chief economist for Goldman Sachs , in a note to clients .
" Growth looks too sluggish to lower the 10 % + unemployment rate to a meaningful degree anytime soon . "
The weak job market threatens to drag the economy back under .
Foreclosures and credit - card defaults are still rising , putting pressure on community banks to preserve capital and refrain from lending to small businesses .
Holiday retail sales are on a Scrooge - like pace .
However , most economists we surveyed think the economy will continue to grow at about a 3 % annual pace through the middle of next year .
That should be just fast enough to encourage some businesses to increase the work week for their remaining workers and to start hiring again .
Not one of the 43 economists surveyed is forecasting an increase in nonfarm payrolls for November .
But there are reasons both fundamental and technical to think the loss will be less than in October , when payrolls fell by 190,000 .
The most encouraging sign for the labor market has been the steady decline in first - time jobless claims .
Initial claims have fallen five weeks in a row , from 532,000 to 457,000 .
The four - week average of new claims has fallen 14 weeks in a row , from 573,000 to 481,000 .
Usually , a drop like that would be an unambiguously positive sign of job growth .
But this recession is n't acting like others .
This time , it 's not the layoffs that are hurting us as much as the lack of hiring .
More than a third of the 15.7 million people officially classified as unemployed have been out of work longer than six months .
Fewer are being laid off , but fewer are being hired as well .
For the first time on record , most of the unemployed people have lost their job permanently ; they do n't expect to be called back when sales pick up .
Instead , they 'll have to find new jobs or even new careers , a process that could take some time .
The economy is restructuring and recovering at the same time .
There are technical reasons to think the November job losses will be less than October's .
The November payroll numbers could benefit from the way the government statisticians adjust the figures for seasonal factors , economists said .
The seasonal factors place a great weight on the most recent observations .
Because so many jobs were lost at the end of 2008 ( and , to a lesser extent , at the end of 2007 ) , the seasonal adjustment process could be assuming that all those losses were due to normal seasonal variations , and not to the extremely distressed economy .
That means that November 's payroll figures will likely overstate what 's really going on .
• Chilean weightlifter taken ill before event in Brazil • Elizabeth Poblete was unaware she was pregnant
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
An Olympic weightlifter has unexpectedly given birth to a baby boy during training .
Chilean Elizabeth Poblete , who competed at the Beijing games , was practising lifts in Sao Paulo ahead of an event when the boy was born .
Poblete had admitted to feeling unwell during training a week before the birth , according to reports in Brazil , but was " shocked " to find she was pregnant .
The boy was born at three months premature and remains in intensive care .
However , Poblete has since left the hospital after telling Brazilian television she does not have the funds to continue medical care for her and her baby .
The hospital has denied it discharged the 22 - year - old because she failed to pay her bill .
Poblete finished 12th in the 69 - 75 kg category at the 2008 Olympics .
Analytic truth and myth
Alison Bolen posted a nice list of analytic truths , or perhaps myths , on the SAS blog today and asked what people thought .
I was , of course , unable to resist :
To make analytics successful , the CEO has to have a personal interest in it .
MYTH
While it is true that the only companies I see who have made it to what Tom Davenport called “ analytic competitor ” are those that have CEOs who are involved with the analytics , I do not believe that CEO involvement is central to all analytics success .
Line of business managers and other executives can successfully drive analytic projects , just do n’t think you are going to get company - wide adoption without the CEO .
Analytical organizations have to be positioned in a central high - power position .
MYTH
I think that centralized analytics are a consequence of success not a pre-requisite for it .
As you get some localized success you will want to bring it together to drive more success but I do n’t believe a central group is needed or event desirable to start .
Every company in a competitive environment needs analytics to be successful .
TRUTH
As I have said before , your data is your one truly defensible competitive edge and if you are not using it ( which takes analytics ) then you are stupid foolish incompetent missing out .
Analytical expertise can be out - sourced / in - sourced / off - shored .
TRUTH BUT …
While you can and should bring in outside expertise you need to have a basic understanding of the power of analytics in house .
Someone must grasp the potential for analytics and understand the business , even if they cannot develop the models .
Getting data and technology in place is a long and cumbersome process .
TRUTH
It also cannot be rushed and should be done incrementally with each stage developing additional capability that is put to work adding value .
Do n’t build all the data and technology infrastructure before you start delivering value .
And start with the decision in mind – build what you need to improve a specific decision .
Without data and technology you cannot do analytics .
TRUTH and axiomatic Analytics is a thing mainly insiders and experts understand , and vice versa .
TRUTH
And this is a challenge , see # 8 Communication of analytics is more important than analytical people think .
TRUTH with bells on
This is so true it is hard to over - emphasize .
Analytics people are often terrible at this – talking about statistical measures not business measures , over - explaining the approach and under - explaining the consequences etc etc .
If you can improve the skills of your analytic team in only one area , this is it .
Analytics only should do things which have a measurable impact .
TRUTH
And measurable in business terms , not mathematical or statistical ones .
Business people do n’t care about lift curves , they care about results .
Remember this .
Analytics mainly is applicable in retail / standardized environments .
MYTHish
Any business that has large numbers of repeatable decisions – operational decisions – can and should be using analytics to improve them .
This implies a repeatable environment and one with lots of participants so retail or B2C environments are more common for sure .
But companies can have many thousands of partners or locations , parts and suppliers so decisions about these things can be analytically enhanced also even in B2B environments .
Great list .
Thanks Alison .
Real Estate
Cognito
Cognito is a classified web portal that allows users to search for the property for rent , sale or buying or for a short - term stay .
On the other side , the property dealers can put their property over this classified portal for gaining user ’s request and roll on the business ahead .
Case - study
What is This Place ?
Dragonsden Comics mainly consists of hand - drawn comics by Nate Harzewski , with the occasional Lego stopmotion video thrown in .
Design by Matt Harzewski .
Content © 2020 Nate Harzewski .
Researchers at MIT and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals report this week that they have successfully used RNA interference to turn off multiple genes in the livers of mice , an advance that could lead to new treatments for diseases of the liver and other organs .
Since the 1998 discovery of RNA interference -- the naturally occurring phenomenon in which the flow of genetic information from a cell 's nucleus to the protein - building machinery of the cell is disrupted -- scientists have been pursuing the tantalizing ability to shut off any gene in the body .
Specifically , they have been trying to silence malfunctioning genes that cause diseases such as cancer .
The new delivery method , described in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , is orders of magnitude more effective than previous methods , says Daniel Anderson , senior author of the paper and a biomedical engineer at the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research at MIT .
" This greatly improved efficacy allows us to dramatically decrease the dose levels , and also opens the door to formulations that can simultaneously inhibit multiple genes or pathways , " says Anderson .
The key to success with RNA interference is finding a safe and effective way to deliver the short strands of RNA that can bind with and destroy messenger RNA , which carries instructions from the nucleus .
Anderson and his colleagues believe the best way to do that is to wrap short interfering RNA ( siRNA ) in a layer of fat - like molecules called lipidoids , which can cross cells ' fatty outer membrane .
Using one such lipidoid , the researchers were able to successfully deliver five snippets of RNA at once , and Anderson believes the lipidoids have the potential to deliver as many as 20 .
The team at MIT , along with Alnylam researchers , have developed methods to rapidly produce , assemble and screen a variety of different lipidoids , allowing them to pick out the most effective ones .
In a previous study , the researchers created more than 1,000 lipidoids .
For their latest study , they picked out one of the most effective and used a novel chemical reaction to create a new library of 126 similar molecules .
The team focused on one that appeared the most promising , dubbed C12-200 .
Using C12-200 , the researchers achieved effective gene silencing with a dose of less than 0.01 milligrams of siRNA per kilogram of solution , and 0.01 milligrams per kilogram in non-human primates .
If the same dosing were translated to humans , a potential therapy would only require an injection of less than 1 milliliter to specifically inhibit a gene , compared with previous formulations that would have required hundreds of milliliters , says Anderson .
Other authors from MIT include Kevin T. Love , Kerry P. Mahon , Christopher G. Levins , Kathryn A. Whitehead and Institute Professor Robert Langer .
The MIT / Alnylam team hopes to start clinical trials within the next couple of years , after figuring out optimal doses and scaling up the manufacturing capability so they can produce large amounts of the siRNA - lipidoid complex .
Samsung 's Behold II is the most impressively ugly Android phone in existence .
The custom interface is so bad , so gaudy and so confusing it turned my brains into ooze .
Advertisement
TouchWiz is the first custom Android interface that 's worse than the standard one , and shows what kind of horrible things emerge when Samsung 's interface designers are left unchecked .
Here 's how I think the design process went , roughly :
The designers dropped a bunch of acid , stared at old Atari games while binge eating Taco Bell , then proceeded to shit all over the phone for hours and hours .
Advertisement
If it 's not inherently ugly , like text input screens with awful ' 80s neon orange and blue , it 's gratuitous and redundant , like the 3D app cube .
Or an entirely separate menu of Samsung icons for apps .
And some things , like moving the slide - out menu to the left instead of its traditional place on the bottom , actually work against the way you use the phone — the menu gets in the way now , since I 'd often bring it out by accident while changing between desktops .
It 's just ... terrible .
Worse , Home Switcher , an app that reverts phones back to the stock Android home screen , can't erase Samsung 's disgusting mojo .
The Behold II would be 10 x better with a vanilla build of Android 1.6 .
Even the phone hardware is a mess .
The front of the phone is an orgy of buttons : seven , to be precise , not including a d-pad , with a dedicated button for the app cube .
The lock key is n't just on the side but it 's kind of hidden , flush against the bezel .
The USB port is weirdly shoved on top .
And , uh , what the hell is up with the back plate ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Two things are good about the Behold II — Samsung 's custom camera setup comes straight out of their point - and - shoot cameras , and is packed with features , like extensive manual controls and burst shooting , and it 's very fast , unlike the rest of the phone .
The other is the AMOLED display which is nice , though marred by the same kind of bluish tint as Samsung 's other AMOLED Android phone , the Moment .
Advertisement
Take a good long look at the Behold II though :
It 's a warning to other developers what not to do , and a scary look at one dark possible future for Android , in its infinite permutations .
Not just deep fragmentation of the platform , but customized crimes against humanity , perpetrated in the name of Android .
It makes me want to cry , except that my brain 's too mushy to make my eyes work .
December 30 , 2009 FOX and Friends
Dave N. : Dick Cheney is the biggest hypocrite in America .
From Politico :
" As I ’ve watched the events of the last few days it is clear once again that President Obama is trying to pretend we are not at war .
He seems to think if he has a low - key response to an attempt to blow up an airliner and kill hundreds of people , we wo n’t be at war .
He seems to think if he gives terrorists the rights of Americans , lets them lawyer up and reads them their Miranda rights , we wo n’t be at war .
He seems to think if we bring the mastermind of Sept. 11 to New York , give him a lawyer and trial in civilian court , we wo n’t be at war .
“ He seems to think if he closes Guantanamo and releases the hard - core Al Qaeda - trained terrorists still there , we wo n’t be at war .
He seems to think if he gets rid of the words , ‘ war on terror , ’ we wo n’t be at war .
But we are at war and when President Obama pretends we are n’t , it makes us less safe .
Why does n’t he want to admit we ’re at war ?
It does n’t fit with the view of the world he brought with him to the Oval Office .
It does n’t fit with what seems to be the goal of his presidency — social transformation — the restructuring of American society .
President Obama ’s first object and his highest responsibility must be to defend us against an enemy that knows we are at war . "
In other words , Obama has been too focused on health - care reform to do the necessary work to protect America from attack , according to Cheney .
It 's a vicious canard of the kind we 've come to expect from Cheney .
But even if it were true , it 's a better excuse than going on vacation for a month after getting a memo warning , " Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S . "
More to the point , Cheney is holding Obama to a standard his own administration miserably failed to meet back in 2001 , when shoe bomber Richard Reid was apprehended in a nearly identical bombing attempt .
Another Politico story points this out :
Eight years ago , a terrorist bomber ’s attempt to blow up a transatlantic airliner was thwarted by a group of passengers , an incident that revealed some gaping holes in airline security just a few months after the attacks of Sept. 11 .
But it was six days before President George W. Bush , then on vacation , made any public remarks about the so - called shoe bomber , Richard Reid , and there were virtually no complaints from the press or any opposition Democrats that his response was sluggish or inadequate .
But then , we 've known all along that there is no depth to which these scumbags will not stoop in order to attack Obama .
Empathy is an instant messaging application for the GNOME Desktop .
It supports text , voice & video chat , and file transfers and most used messaging systems such as MSN and Google Talk .
Empathy includes features that help you collaborate better while at work , which easily keep you in touch with friends .
Ubuntu 9.10 Karmic Koala comes with Empathy as a default instant messaging client .
Although I am using Empathy 2.28.1 on Ubuntu 9.10 in this tutorial , everything mentioned will be valid also on most other distributions like Fedora , Mandriva or OpenSUSE .
Add a new account
To start using Empathy you should have an account .
Empathy supports many protocols as shown below .
When you start Empathy for the first time , it shows you the “ Welcome ” wizard which gives you an easy process to enter your account ’s details
Click Forward to proceed :
In this step , you can specify your account ’s type , entering your user name and password .
Click Apply to finish .
You can add more accounts by choosing “ Yes ” to the question “ Do you have any other chat accounts you want to set up ? ”
To add and Edit your accounts press F4 or choose : Edit =>
Accounts from the menu .
In this step , I tried to add my google Talk account but it does n’t work for first time but after a little googling I found the answer .
Just click on advanced option and enter the following details :
1. Write : “ talk.google.com ” on server box
2. Check “ Use old SSL ” .
And that ’s all to get your google talk account working .
Edit your personal information
You can edit your personal information by clicking Edit= > Personal Information
Choose your account type and write your new alias .
You can choose a new photo by clicking on the picture box .
IRC chat
To use IRC chat , you have to add IRC account :
From the Contact List window , choose Edit ▸ Accounts , or just press F4 . Click the Add button .
From the Add new drop - down list , select an IRC account , and then click on Create button .
IRC accounts require quite different data than many other types of accounts .
To create an IRC account , you must specify at least an IRC network and a nickname .
See next picture :
I chose here as an example FreeNode network .
If you do n’t find your favorite network , you can add it by clicking on the plus icon next to drop - down list .
Also you can edit or remove any network entry in drop - down networks list .
Enter your Nickname and password if you want to connect to a network that requires a password .
Then click on Connect button .
Join a room
Now From menu choose room =>
Join
Now type the room of the channel you want to join .
IRC channel names start with the hash character ( # ) .
I typed ubuntu channel and joined it .
If you want to add a channel to your Favorite channel , from menu choose Conversation , then put tick on Favorite Chatroom .
Audio and Video calls
You can only have audio and video conversation with contacts that are using an application which also supports this feature .
When your contacts support audio or video conversations , you will see the following icons next to their names in the contact list :
= The contact is able to have an audio conversation .
= The contact is able to have a video conversation .
Empathy supports audio and video only in these accounts : Google Talk , Jabber , SIP and MSN ( not yet in Ubuntu 9.10 )
To start audio or video conversation , From the Contact List window , click the video call or audio call icon next to the name of the contact you wish to call .
Alternatively , right click the contact and choose Audio or video call .
A new window will appear .
When the connection is established , you will see Connected at the bottom of the window , along with the total conversation time .
To end the conversation , choose Call ▸ Hang up .
File Transfer
It is possible to send files only using the following services : Jabber , Google Talk and People Nearby .
To send a file you have to follow the followings :
1 - From the Contact List window , perform one of the following :
– Right click on the contact you want to send a file to , and choose Send file .
– Click on the contact you want to send a file , and choose Edit ▸ Contact ▸
Send file .
2- Select the file to send , and click on Send .
3- The File Transfers window will appear .
Wait for your contact to accept the file transfer , or you can click Stop to halt the transfer .
4- Once the transfer is completed , it is possible to close the File Transfer ’s window .
Change your status
You can set your status to indicate your availability to your contacts .
Empathy allows you to select your status from a list of defined statuses .
Click on the drop - down list at the top of the Contact List window .
Select a status from the list .
You can also add custom status messages to provide more information about your availability .
Add new themes
One unique feature of Empathy is the ability to use Adium chat themes – which is great for those looking to have a different chat layout during IM’s .
Not all Adium ’s themes work out of the box yet .
Check this page to get supported themes .
Install a theme
First you need to create “ .local / share / adium / message - styles ” path and to do that go to Home directory and show hidden files from View =>
Show hidden files or by Ctrl+h shortcut .
Go to .local / share directory and create a new folder with the name “ adium ” , then create a new folder within it and name it “ message - styles ” .
You can choose and download themes from adiumxtras
After you download a theme , extract the tarball and copy “ themename.AdiumMessageStyle ” folder to “ .local / share/adium/message - styles ” .
Go to empathy ’s preferences from Edit= > Preferences and select Adium theme .
You want help
Empathy comes with excellent help documentation .
From Help menu click on Content or press F1 .
Standard food for Japan on Christmas
Eve is chicken and cake , maybe washed down with some wine .
At the station tonight after getting back from some shopping the area was buzzing with people buying their chicken and cake to take home .
I tried also to make a live streaming broadcast from my iPhone for the first time .
You can see the video below .
I think I will have to work on my “ holding the camera still ” technique in future .
The broadcast got cut off at the end for some reason .
Sorry .
I will experiment a bit more with the live streaming .
You can follow me on ustream here .
I was speaking with Danny Choo from dannychoo.com about live streaming the other day .
He already has a few videos produced from live streams and can be followed on ustream here and you can see his write - up about live streaming here as well .
Do you have anything special for Christmas Eve or do you save it all for Christmas Day ?
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Jerusalem : A Palestinian labourer hauls stone facing at a new Israeli housing project in the East Jerusalem Jewish neighbourhood of Har Homa .
Israel came under international criticism after it announced plans this week to build nearly 700 new Jewish homes in areas of the West Bank , such as Har Homa , it captured from Jordanian forces in the 1967 Six Day War and which it considers part of greater Jerusalem
Photograph : David Silverman/guardian.co.uk
After reading my series of articles on how to save money on your taxes , a buddy of mine decided that he was going to start taking extra tax deductions by turning one of his hobbies into a business .
Hey Steve !
You know how I love to paint right ?
And just the other day I sold a painting to someone on Ebay …
Why do n’t I just call this a business and declare business losses off my tax return ?
May as well right ?
At first glance , my friend ’s logic sounds reasonable .
After all , he does create paintings that are sold for profit as a side business .
So should n’t he be able to take business deductions and losses for all expenses incurred while painting ?
Unfortunately , the answer to this question is a bit complicated .
While my friend is technically allowed to deduct business related expenses for his painting business , the extent of these deductions depends on whether the IRS considers his business a legit business or not .
If my friend were to ever get audited and the IRS ruled that his business was not a true business , then he would not be able to deduct any business losses on his tax return .
Instead , he would only be allowed to deduct expenses up to the amount of income that his hobby has generated and nothing more .
Obviously , these rules are in place so people do n’t abuse the tax system .
If you declare business losses on your tax return year after year , you can face stiff penalties and fines if the IRS determines that you are just spending money on just a hobby .
The tax benefits of running a business only exist if you are actually trying to turn a profit .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
What Does The IRS Consider A Business Vs A Hobby ?
The business vs hobby rule is somewhat of a gray area when it comes to the IRS .
According to the tax code , a business must actively be “ engaged in trying to make a profit ” in order to be considered a business .
So how do you demonstrate your profit intentions to the IRS in the event of an audit ?
Be Profitable 3 Out Of 5 Years
The easiest way to show your profit motive is to actually turn a profit .
If you are profitable , then no one can dispute whether you are actually trying to make money because you really are .
In general , your business is safe from being considered just a hobby if you turn a profit for at least 3 out of every 5 years of operation .
The profit amount does n’t have to be large , even a couple of bucks profit is good enough for the IRS .
That is why in general , it ’s okay to declare business losses on your tax return for up to 2 years without increasing your risk of an audit .
However , if you declare business losses on your tax return for longer than 2 consecutive years , the chances of an audit increase dramatically .
What If I Fail The 3 Out Of 5 Test ?
Just because you are n’t turning a profit for 3 out of the 5 years does n’t necessarily mean the IRS is going to declare your business a hobby .
It just means that you are more likely to be audited .
If you find that your business is not profitable for over 2 consecutive years , you basically have 4 choices .
You can close up shop .
This option makes sense if you do n’t think that you ’re ever going to be profitable .
Sometimes , it makes sense to cut your losses on a dead end idea .
.
This option makes sense if you do n’t think that you ’re ever going to be profitable .
Sometimes , it makes sense to cut your losses on a dead end idea .
You can continue declaring losses on your tax return and risk getting audited .
This option is a good choice if you are confident that you can convince the IRS that your business is for real
.
This option is a good choice if you are confident that you can convince the IRS that your business is for real
You can start a new venture altogether and declare losses on behalf of the new business .
Of course , this can come across as a bit sketchy to the IRS especially if you happen to start a new business every two years .
.
Of course , this can come across as a bit sketchy to the IRS especially if you happen to start a new business every two years .
You can stop declaring losses on your tax return .
Usually if you stop cold turkey and lie low for a while , you can stay below the radar of an audit
My Business Is Real And I Want To Risk It
Like I mentioned in the previous section , just because you are n’t turning a profit does n’t mean you are n’t running a real business in the eyes of the IRS .
Some business ideas just take a little longer to materialize gains .
If you have confidence in your business plan , then there ’s no reason to fear the IRS .
Just in case of an audit though , you should do the following things to make sure your case for being a real business is air tight .
Keep Good Records – Track each expense with as much detail as possible .
If you are spending money on dining or entertainment , make sure you jot down who you are entertaining , why you are wining and dining them and the precise date and cost .
Keep your business accounts completely separate from your personal ones and maintain an accurate spreadsheet of all expenditures .
– Track each expense with as much detail as possible .
If you are spending money on dining or entertainment , make sure you jot down who you are entertaining , why you are wining and dining them and the precise date and cost .
Keep your business accounts completely separate from your personal ones and maintain an accurate spreadsheet of all expenditures .
Keep Your Advertising Collateral – Most real businesses advertise in some shape or form .
Make sure you keep copies of all of your advertising collateral so you can show it to the IRS .
This includes business cards , flyers , newspaper ads etc …
– Most real businesses advertise in some shape or form .
Make sure you keep copies of all of your advertising collateral so you can show it to the IRS .
This includes business cards , flyers , newspaper ads etc … Keep A Business Calendar –
By marking down important dates and milestones for your business on a calendar or scheduler , this shows the IRS that your business is happily progressing on a path towards profitability .
– By marking down important dates and milestones for your business on a calendar or scheduler , this shows the IRS that your business is happily progressing on a path towards profitability .
Run A Legit Business –
Make sure you register for all the necessary permits to run your business legitimately .
If you do everything strictly by the book , you are showing the IRS that you are putting forth your best efforts in maintaining a real business .
Do n’t Take Losses For The Hell Of It
Believe it or not , it ’s pretty easy for the IRS or any third party to tell if you are just pretending to run a real business .
So do n’t start declaring losses on your tax return for the sake of saving money on taxes .
The IRS will find out eventually .
Even if you are sandbagging it and taking deductions on just a hobby , the amount of work required to fake being a real business is simply not worth it .
If you are taking business deductions , then be a real business with real profit intentions .
Getting caught with an audit is not worth the time or the money .
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
Today Good Morning America interviewed Melissa and Tony Wescott , who are fighting to return their adopted 11 - year - old son to the state of Oklahoma because he has severe psychiatric problems .
They say loving him now means " letting him go . "
It 's hard not to feel some sympathy for the Wescotts .
They adopted the boy two years ago , but he spent the last year in a psychiatric facility after trying to burn their house down and leaving a note that said , " Sorry you have to die . "
He 's violent , kills animals , stashed butcher 's knives under his bed , and he 's been diagnosed with " reactive detachment disorder , disruptive behavior disorder , major depressive disorder , post - traumatic stress disorder and fetal alcohol syndrome , " according to ABC News .
Advertisement
The Wescotts say they knew what they could handle and requested a child who was n't " violent or acting out sexually . "
Since the Oklahoma Department of Human Services claimed he was " well - behaved , " " respectful toward authority , " and had no significant behavioral problems , they say that when he returns from an inpatient psychiatric hospital in January , they should be able to dissolve the adoption and put him back foster care .
Other parents in the Wescott 's adoption support group are backing their fight to make it legal in Oklahoma for adoptive parents to return their child if the he or she turns out to be violent .
The state counters that it warns all parents that the children grew up in abusive homes and are likely to have emotional and behavioral problems .
Advertisement
While Melissa Wescott says , " It 's not like we 're trying to return an itchy sweater , " in some ways it is .
They did n't promise to take care of the boy unless things did n't work out , and if their biological 11 - year - old son developed psychiatric problems , abandoning him would be considereed illegal .
Obviously , the Wescotts need help caring for their son .
But , with so many adoptive parents fighting to be recognized as their child 's " real " parents , creating a law that makes adoption less permanent is n't the answer .
Oklahoma Couple Want To Return Troubled Adopted Son To State [ ABC News ]
WASHINGTON - The Democratic - controlled Senate yesterday cleared away a Republican filibuster of a huge end - of - year spending bill that rewards most federal agencies with generous budget boosts .
The $ 1.1 trillion measure combines much of the year ’s unfinished budget work - only a $ 626 billion Pentagon spending measure would remain - into a 1,000 - plus - page spending bill that would give the Education Department , the State Department , the Department of Health and Human Services , and others increases far exceeding inflation .
The 60 - to - 34 vote met the minimum threshold to end the GOP filibuster .
A final vote was set for this afternoon to send the measure to President Obama .
Democrats held the vote open for an hour to accommodate Independent Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut , an Orthodox Jew who walked more than 3 miles to the Capitol to vote on the Sabbath after attending services at his synagogue in the city ’s Georgetown neighborhood .
Lieberman wore a black wool overcoat and brilliant orange scarf - as well as a wide grin - as he provided the crucial 60th vote .
The measure combines $ 447 billion in operating budgets with about $ 650 billion in mandatory payments for federal benefit programs such as Medicare and Medicaid .
The measure wraps together six spending bills and also contains more than 5,000 back - home projects sought by lawmakers in both parties .
The measure provides spending increases averaging about 10 percent to programs under immediate control of Congress , blending increases for veterans ’ programs , NASA , and the FBI with a pay raise for federal workers and help for car dealers .
It bundles six of the 12 annual spending bills , capping a dysfunctional appropriations process for budget year that began Oct. 1 , dysfunctional appropriations process in which House leaders blocked Republicans from debating key issues and Senate Republicans dragged out debates .
Just the $ 626 billion defense bill would remain .
That is being held back to serve as a vehicle to advance must - pass legislation such as a plan to allow the government ’s debt to swell by nearly $ 2 trillion .
The government ’s total debt has nearly doubled in the past seven years and is expected to exceed the current ceiling of $ 12.1 trillion before Jan .
1 .
Republicans said the measure - on top of February ’s $ 787 billion economic stimulus bill and a generous omnibus measure for the 2009 budget year - spends too much money in a time when the government is running astronomical deficits .
Obama criticizes banks opposing tighter rules
WASHINGTON - President Obama singled out financial institutions for causing much of the economic tailspin and criticized their opposition to tighter federal oversight .
While applauding House passage Friday of overhaul legislation and urging quick Senate action , Obama expressed frustration with banks that were helped by a taxpayer bailout and now are “ fighting tooth and nail with their lobbyists ’’ against new government controls .
In his weekly radio and Internet address yesterday , Obama said the economy is only now beginning to recover from the “ irresponsibility ’ ’ of Wall Street institutions that “ gambled on risky loans and complex financial products ’’ in pursuit of short - term profits and big bonuses .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Soccer Player Misses Wide Open Net ( Video )
The words “ of all time ” get thrown around a lot these days , and their meaning is severely diminished by the frequency with which they ’re used .
That ’s not going to stop me from using them here though .
This is the worst soccer miss of all time .
I ’m not saying I have seen every soccer shot ever , but this guy misses so badly its almost painful to watch .
Let ’s just say this is the opposite of that extraordinarily long goal from the other day .
But people have missed this badly before , you say ?
Maybe , but not people as skilled as this soccer player .
Although it is unclear the level of play in this league or where it takes place , the clip shows the same player scoring an unbelievable goal from way out in a different game .
You can just tell from his form and the accuracy with which he kicks the ball in the second shot that he is normally a relatively talented player .
So how could he miss so bad ?
We all have moments where we lose concentration I guess .
In the first part of this clip , the player fakes out the goalie and then has no one to beat about 10 feet from the net .
You can tell he overthinks it because instead of kicking it right in , he awkwardly dribbles right up to the goal and then completely shanks it to the left .
Oops .
Maybe he should have just cheated like Henry .
I love when athletes who are clearly better than me make bonehead plays like that .
Gives us regular folk the chance to laugh at them , instead of them laughing at us as they order “ fries with that ” from us at the McDonalds Drive - Thru .
Check Out These Other Marquee Stories
Share This
It is the first challenge to Ireland 's abortion laws in years The Irish Republic 's strict abortion law is being challenged in the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg .
The legal action has been brought by three Irish women who say the effective ban on abortion in Ireland violates the European Convention on Human Rights .
All three have travelled to Britain to have abortions .
The Irish government has engaged two leading lawyers to argue its case that the country has a sovereign right to protect the life of the unborn .
The three Irish women will be identified only as A , B , and C during the Strasbourg court hearings .
If I were in any country and this were to go against Ireland , I would be very concerned that the Europeans feel they can step into domestic law
Johanna Higgins
Association of Catholic Lawyers of Ireland
Crisis at European rights court Read your comments
They argue that being forced to travel abroad for abortions endangered their " health and well - being " as safeguarded by the European Convention on Human Rights .
The two constitutional lawyers representing the government of Ireland argue that the convention 's safeguards cannot be interpreted as endorsing the right to abortion .
' Draconian ' Abortion is illegal in Ireland , a deeply Catholic country , unless the life of the woman is in danger .
The Irish constitution was amended in 1983 to include the " Pro-Life Amendment " , which asserted that the unborn child had an explicit right to life from conception .
The case is the first challenge to Ireland 's abortion laws in more than 15 years , the BBC's Europe correspondent Jonny Dymond says .
Almost 140,000 Irish women have travelled to Britain over the past 30 years to have abortions , our correspondent adds .
The Irish Family Planning Association welcomed the challenge to the laws , which it described as " draconian " .
It said they violated international human rights norms " because they inflict such grievous harm to women's health and well - being " .
But Johanna Higgins , co-founder of the Association of Catholic Lawyers of Ireland , told the BBC's World Today programme that a ruling against Ireland would be an infringement of its ability to decide its own laws .
" Whatever the human rights aspects are of this , abortion is illegal in Ireland because it is a criminal offence , " she said .
" If I were in any country and this were to go against Ireland , I would be very concerned that the Europeans feel they can step into domestic law . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As we honor the best films of the decade , let us not forgot those who also played their part in making the decade memorable .
Here are our picks for the most entertaining bad movies produced in the ’00s .
Advertisement
15 . The Perfect Man ( 2005 )
Ah , the zeitgeist : So ever - present and yet so elusive .
Hence this 2005 movie , which tried to update Cyrano De Bergerac for the Internet age .
Well , sort of .
Sparkly - skinned teen sensation Hilary Duff plays Cyrano to her single mom Heather Locklear ( presumably chosen because there are n’t that many name actresses not big enough to star in their own movies , but theoretically able to attract older viewers to a Hilary Duff vehicle ) .
Duff ’s weapon of choice : computers .
This being the height of blogging ’s popularity , Duff ’s character keeps one , even greeting her readers with lines like , ‘ Hey , all you bloggers … ’ ”
Using the anonymity of the web , she begins courting her own mother by creating the — no surprise if you read the title — perfect man .
It practically follows a checklist for the best bad movies :
quickly dated technological references
stars enjoying what they fail to recognize as their fleeting moment of glory
creepy incestuous subtext
and oh yeah , Dennis DeYoung is in it … as the lead singer of a Styx cover band .
So it ’s kind of sad , too .
14 . Dragon Wars ( 2007 )
Viewers do n’t need to resort to irony and snark to enjoy the Korean monster movie Dragon Wars ( shot in America and in English , for added international appeal ) ; there ’s plenty of audience - courting , over - the - top action , as a reptilian army takes on the American military on the streets of L.A .
That said , the script is hysterically bad , with normally reliable dramatic veteran Robert Forster gamely spouting backstory in the form of a fable involving celestial serpents , women tasked with carrying secret magical powers to them , and reincarnation cycles .
All of which is basically just an excuse for a standard - issue chase thriller that lets blank - faced protagonists Jason Behr and Amanda Brooks run around L.A. , trying to escape a giant CGI snake that would eat them 20 times over if it did n’t pause to shriek every time it got close to them .
Did Korean comedy veteran Hyung - rae
Shim know he was making a clumsily written , terribly acted film ?
It ’s unclear , but Dragon Wars remains high camp with enough excitement to attract thriller fans and schadenfreude fans .
13 . Basic Instinct 2 ( 2006 )
In the wake of Paul Verhoeven ’s tongue - in - cheek provocation Basic Instinct , filmmakers of every stripe scrambled to recreate its mix of violence and outré eroticism , from major studio laughers like Sliver and Body Of Evidence to a cottage industry of straight - to - video Shannon Tweed cheapies with titles like Indecent Behavior and Illicit Dreams .
So it was beyond indignity for Sharon Stone to return to the role of writer / sex addict / likely killer Catherine Trammell 14 years later ; once the Hitchcockian ice queen of the original film , Stone has aged into a sad parody of herself , playing a cross between a third - rate Hannibal Lecter and late - period Tweed .
Scrambling to top herself with orgies , threesomes , and an outrageous opening that would n’t be out of place in David Cronenberg ’s Crash , Stone tries to get a rise out of a buttoned - down British psychiatrist ( David Morrissey ) who could not look more bored if he tried .
Truly , nothing is shocking anymore .
12 . Boat Trip ( 2003 )
Most Academy
Award winners would phone in the lead role in a broad comedy about a hapless man who accidentally ends up on a gay cruise ship and pretends to be gay to get close to the woman of his dreams — especially if the film paired him with corpulent former Saturday Night Live cut - up Horatio “ The Fat Guy ” Sanz .
Not Cuba Gooding Jr. The excitable actor throws himself into the role with lunatic abandon .
He mugs , breakdances , and leaps shamelessly from one slapstick humiliation to another .
It ’s as if Gooding thinks he can pick up a second Oscar through energy alone .
Taking its cue from his manic lead performance , Boat Trip commits to the inane contrivances of its plot with such unselfconscious glee that it almost becomes a parody of moronic high - concept ’ 80s sex comedies .
Almost .
11 . Glitter ( 2001 )
The filmmakers behind Glitter made things easy for crossover - attempting actor Mariah Carey by having her essentially play herself in a film inspired by her life story .
They did n’t make it easy enough , however : Carey poses and pouts her way through a hilariously over - the - top musical melodrama that lovingly recycles every cliché of the subgenre , from the self - destructive boyfriend to that halcyon moment Carey first hears her song on the radio and rushes to a phone booth to inform everyone she knows .
The result plays like the Barbra Streisand / Kris Kristofferson remake of A Star Is Born , after a lobotomy .
Glitter seemingly killed Carey ’s film career , but she ’s rebounded nearly a decade later with a well - received supporting turn in Precious .
The key to getting a passable performance from Carey , it seems , involves limiting her screen time to less than 10 minutes , and letting her fellow actors dominate all of her scenes .
10 . Perfect Stranger ( 2007 )
“ Tomorrow ’s headline : Free Press Dead ! ”
With that line — delivered by drunk , indignant tabloid reporter Halle Berry after her editor shuts down one of her stories —
Perfect Stranger declares that it is n’t going to be some run -of - the - mill thriller .
No , it ’s going to be a gloriously , profoundly stupid thriller .
Berry follows her suspension by researching a story , about a powerful ad exec ( Bruce Willis ) who may have murdered his lover after a torrid affair produced too much online evidence .
Berry tries to trap Willis by flirting with him via her computer , with the aid of her pet tech whiz Giovanni Ribisi .
For a while , it ’s just fun to watch three actors with such clashing styles — one phony , one mumbly , one all - out nutty — botch scene after scene .
But then the twists begin mounting : Ribisi is the real murderer !
No wait , it ’s Berry , who framed Willis to duck a blackmail scheme !
Then Ribisi threatens Berry with more blackmail , so she kills him , too !
Only there ’s a witness , in an apartment across the street !
And … credits roll .
Perfect Stranger is a case study in how to throw plausibility out the window in the name of keeping the audience guessing .
Tomorrow ’s headline : Film Noir Dead !
Advertisement
9 . The Butterfly Effect ( 2004 )
From Ashton Kutcher ’s attempts at gravitas ( which mainly consist of him looking at the ground and saying “ um ” between every word of dialogue ) to twists that get more outlandish by the minute , The Butterfly Effect is a special flavor of batshit .
Kutcher plays a troubled young man who reads his old diaries and projects his consciousness back to traumatic moments in the past when he blacked out .
( As it happens , the time travel actually caused the blackouts . )
Each time he jumps back , he changes something about his childhood , and each time he returns to the present , his life is radically different .
In one reality , he ’s a frat boy ; in another , he ’s in a wheelchair , and so on .
Writer - directors Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber have some odd ideas about what it means to be “ a frat boy ” or “ a guy in a wheelchair , ” and they have some even odder ideas about what life changes might lead a person to those fates .
Between the lurching plot and the excess of exploitation elements — kiddie porn !
prison rape !
crack whores !
— The Butterfly Effect has the rare distinction of being moronic and utterly tasteless , and yet so earnest that it ’s all but impossible to hate .
[ pagebreak ]
8. Crossroads ( 2002 )
The early ’00s were a golden age of sorts for failed pop stars attempting to cross over to movie stardom .
A pre-meltdown Britney Spears still enjoyed the white - hot approval of unquestioningly adoring fans when she attempted Crossroads , a road movie that cast her as a scrappy singer - songwriter just trying to make it in the mean music world , y’all .
But here ’s the thing :
Even in her prime , Spears was like a pretty doll who could be costumed and plugged into prefabricated pop tracks .
She never seemed all that , you know , human , and Crossroads is never at its worse than in the scenes trying to establish her vulnerability .
( Witness , if you dare , a campfire confession that leaves her reciting “ poetry ” from her journal that was actually the lyric to the song “ I ’m Not A Girl , Not Yet A Woman , ” the product of three professional songwriters . )
It did n’t help that the Tamra Davis - directed movie around her was pretty rickety to begin with .
7. Battlefield Earth ( 2000 )
Rat -brains and puny man-animals indulged in culture - wide schadenfreude when Battlefield Earth , a grimy adaptation of L. Ron Hubbard ’s doorstop - sized bestseller , surprised no one by becoming one of the biggest bombs of all time .
Like Cuba Gooding Jr. ( see above ) , Battlefield Earth star John Travolta , the king of flops , understands that the key to delivering a great bad movie is unhinged commitment .
“ Outsized ” does n’t begin to do justice to the campy theatricality of Travolta ’s performance as a cackling , deranged 9 - foot - tall dreadlocked alien who accidentally gives primitive human Barry Pepper the tools to fight back against humanity ’s alien occupiers / oppressors .
The film ’s dialogue is deliciously ripe and quotable , its plotting convoluted and idiotic , and its performances so huge that they can be seen from distant galaxies .
Add a premise rooted in the internal machinations and Machiavellian infighting of alien bureaucrats / middle - management types , and you have an instant camp classic that bad - movie buffs will still be laughing at 50 years from now .
6. The Happening ( 2008 )
M. Night Shyamalan became a Filmmaker To Watch in 1999 , with his breakout film , The Sixth Sense .
And then he spent the ’00s slowly squandering his well - earned goodwill , largely by repeating himself too closely .
Sixth Sense ’s wide - eyed , claustrophobic tone did n’t work as well in the superhero re-imagining Unbreakable , it got laughable in Signs , and it became downright intolerable in The Happening , a would - be supernatural thriller that chokes on its own breathlessness .
In particular , the leads , Mark Wahlberg and Zooey Deschanel , emphatically hiss every banal line as though the script contained more exclamation points than a 14 - year - old girl ’s chat - log .
And the rest of the cast reacts to a sudden , massive plague of suicides by letting their eyes glaze over as they spout comically overwrought irrevelancies with no bearing on how real people talk .
The Happening is n’t campy , self - aware fun , it ’s dourly pretentious , self - important , and just plain incompetent in all aspects but the striking visuals .
Everything about it provokes disbelieving laugh - at - it , not - with - it hilarity — but that still means it ’s full of big , thoroughly enjoyable laughs .
5. From Justin To Kelly ( 2003 )
Anyone looking for evidence about the impossibility of creating chemistry — or , for that matter , creating actors — need look no further than this quickie musical .
A hastily conceived byproduct of the American Idol phenomenon , From Justin To Kelly stars first - season AI winner Kelly Clarkson and forgotten - to - history runner - up Justin Guarini as a pair of squeaky - clean spring - break enthusiasts who theoretically fall for each other , then spend 81 excruciating minutes separated by text - messaging mix-ups and rancid musical numbers .
( These include one memorably goofy sequence involving singing on a speedboat . )
AI fans stayed away , proving once again that it ’s hard to get viewers to pay for what they ’re already getting for free — but From Justin To Kelly has rightly earned a ( small ) following for its time - capsule goofiness and profound failure to entertain in spite of a cast willing to go down trying .
Advertisement
4. Dreamcatcher ( 2003 )
Stephen King ’s novel Dreamcatcher was written while the author was recuperating from a van accident , and all King ’s feelings of regret and awareness of his mortality — coupled with the influence of pain medication — are evident in the book ’s near - stream - of - consciousness plotting .
Dreamcatcher features clairvoyant hunting buddies , flashbacks to a Stand By Me-like Maine childhood , a mysterious retarded man , covert military forces led by a demented egomaniac , an alien invasion , and Lovecraftian beasties that come blasting out of people ’s rectums .
All fine on the page , sort of , but in movie form ?
Riotously odd .
Thomas Jane , Jason Lee , Damian Lewis , and Timothy Olyphant give it their all as a group of mind - reading thirtysomethings , but they have a hard time making King - ian slang like " Jesus Christ bananas ” and “ Fuck - me - freddy ” sound natural .
Meanwhile , alien - hating army colonel Morgan Freeman delivers every line in a growly deadpan , and Donnie Wahlberg ’s performance as a cancer - ridden , mentally challenged Scooby Doo fan is so wild that it has to be parodic .
( Right ?
Please say the movie is supposed to be this funny . )
Advertisement
3. Alone In The Dark ( 2005 )
Take your pick of botched videogame adaptations from Uwe Boll ( House Of The Dead , Blood Rayne , In The Name Of The King : A Dungeon Siege Tale ) , an auteur who owes his career to a loophole in German tax law , but there ’s something special about Alone In The Dark , his science - fiction actioner about supernatural beasties squaring off against enough washed - up C - list actors to stock a rehab clinic .
It had us at hello , thanks to a long , ridiculously convoluted opening crawl that ’s meant to explain the movie ’s complicated mythology , but somehow makes it even more confusing .
From there , Christian Slater , Stephen Dorff , and Tara Reid ( post boob - job ) battle ancient monsters in dimly lit , incomprehensible action sequences ; somewhere in the middle , Slater and Reid enjoy a conspicuously chaste roll in the hay .
Miscast as a brainy archaeologist who ’s brilliant in nerd glasses and sexy when she lets her hair down , Reid is a special treat .
2. The Wicker Man ( 2006 )
Neil LaBute ’s misshapen , misguided remake of Robin Hardy ’s terrific 1973 thriller The Wicker Man helped finally resolve the longstanding debate over whether he was a raging , blinkered misogynist himself , or just a storyteller uncommonly interested in misogynistic characters and settings .
Every overwrought change he made to the original story seems designed either to portray the women of the film ’s isolated island community as comically demonic monsters , or to make his narrative clunkier and more clichéd .
And yet there ’s a wealth of unintentional hilarity in Wicker Man ’s spastic illogic , ridiculous dream sequences , meaningless shocks , stiff performances , and terrible writing .
Besides , the film stars Nicolas Cage , now Hollywood ’s go - to star for scenery - chewing , guilty - pleasure performances in otherwise awful films .
( Ghost Rider , Knowing , and National Treasure were all considered for this list , but we reluctantly decided to prevent the whole thing from becoming a Cage match . )
The spectacle of Cage running around on the island , shrieking “ Bitches ! ” and punching women full in the face , makes The Wicker Man a howlingly good time .
Add in his breathless bullying , typified in the Internet - meme “ How ’d it get burned how’d it get burned HOW ’D IT GET BURNED ? ” rant , and you have an instant cult classic .
1. The Room ( 2003 )
On at least two fronts , Tommy Wiseau ’s The Room is a miraculous gift to so - bad - it ’s - good cultists :
The release of The Rocky Horror Picture Show on video in 1990 seemed to mark the death of communal , interactive moviegoing , if not midnight movies , period .
But now this improbable film has come along to inspire a whole new set of rituals , catcalls , and improvisational riffing , with some attendees throwing spoons at the screen , and others donning curly black wigs and tuxedos in honor of the writer - director - star .
Wiseau has made the most personal bad film this side of Ed Wood ’s Glen Or Glenda ? , an intensely awkward drama that is n’t merely inept , but revealing of its maker ’s odd peccadilloes .
With his accent of indeterminate Eastern European origin — and a ’ roided - out frame that brings a special quality to the film ’s many softcore sex scenes —
Wiseau is like an alien in a strange land , uncomprehending of both women ( who are bored , diabolical Jezebels out to hurt him ) and men ( who like to toss the ol ’ pigskin around ) .
And it ’s tearing him apart , Lisa .
The Grumpy Editor 's Moblin review
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
Despite your editor 's affection for electronic toys , he has , thus far , managed to avoid cluttering his desk with a netbook system .
Until now .
It seemed like it was past time for a closer look at Moblin , and it further seemed that a distribution designed for netbooks should be experienced on one .
So , it did n't take long for your editor to come into possession of a Dell " Mini 10v " , which ships with the Ubuntu Moblin remix preinstalled .
The 10v is a cute little system , but it is , alas , saddled with a free - software - unfriendly Broadcom chipset .
Needless to say , the version of Ubuntu shipped on the hardware includes the binary driver needed to make that chipset work .
Much hype has been generated about Moblin 's extra - fast booting behavior .
A quick check with the stopwatch shows that this system requires 27 seconds from when the BIOS completes its power - on ablutions until the login screen appears .
That is a definite improvement over a number of other systems , but it 's not quite , yet , the five seconds that the Moblin folks have been aiming for .
Suspend and resume are both quite fast ; opening the lid yields a working system within 2 - 3 seconds .
The Moblin experience starts at the " MyZone " screen , containing calendar and " to do " items , icons for a few favorite applications , a set of screens from recently - run applications , and an area meant to contain communications from online friends .
When an application is running , all of the " MyZone " stuff goes away , leaving the full screen for whatever the user is working on at the time .
Screen space is generally at a premium on netbooks , so Moblin goes out of its way to waste as little of it as possible .
A core feature of the Moblin interface is " zones . "
These are really just the virtual desktops or workspaces that Linux users have been using since before Linux existed .
On a small screen , though , there is little value in having more than one application on - screen at a time , so Moblin usually starts each application in its own zone .
Switching between applications normally requires moving between zones .
There is a task bar which can be obtained by moving the pointer to the top of the screen .
A quick look at this bar is enough to clarify the things that Moblin 's designers think netbook users will want to do .
Top - level tasks in Moblin include adjusting one 's online social networking status , connecting to people , running a web browser , running a media player , and accessing a " pasteboard . "
There are icons for battery and networking status , one for moving between zones , and one for " applications " which is the path toward any other programs the user might want to run .
Users who buy a netbook to support extensive twitter activity , watch videos , and view the occasional web page will be more than pleased with Moblin .
Those wanting to do kernel development are likely to find this environment to be somewhat irritating .
Your editor has been using computers for quite some time ; the notion that one can get a program into a system without punching it onto cards first still seems novel at times .
To your editor 's eyes , the Moblin environment has the feel of a toy .
Lots of bright pastel colors assault the eye .
Picture thumbnails dance around each other before lining up in pretty little rows .
Dialog windows bounce on the screen in ways which risk inducing motion sickness .
It 's all very cute and joyful and social ; Moblin is clearly not aimed at a typical longtime desktop Linux user .
Another choice which makes it clear that your editor is not in the target audience : this is the first distribution encountered in years which does not come with an SSH client .
This kind of problem is easily fixed - the entire Ubuntu repository is accessible to people who dig far enough into the menus - but it is a bit of a surprise .
This machine arrived with an Ubuntu 9.04 - based system running Moblin 2.0 .
This distribution , it must be said , has some rough edges .
OpenOffice.org comes up with a dialog whose buttons are below the bottom of the window , which , in turn , refuses to let the user resize it ( see image to the right ) .
The mail client features color choices which sometimes render text unreadable .
There are no bookmarks in the web browser ; this browser also thinks that users want their searches to go to Yahoo .
Windows vanish abruptly from the screen , losing whatever work may be in progress .
Dell 's page notes that the system is for early adopters ; that certainly seems to be the case .
One should note that 9.04 is not the current version of Ubuntu , and 2.0 is not the current version of Moblin .
There is a newer version of the Moblin build , based on the 9.10 release .
The download page nicely offers a CD image of this release , seemingly unaware of the fact that a lot of netbooks lack CD drives .
Ubuntu has a tool ( usb - creator ) which will create a bootable USB device from a CD image ; too bad that its window is much taller than a typical netbook screen , making the crucial buttons unreachable .
Your editor finally got past that little problem and was able to create a bootable Ubuntu 9.10 device .
The result was a very sluggish , very brown , but a generally slicker - looking Moblin installation .
The software installation feature has been made more prominent , and the list of available applications has grown .
Moblin 2.1 lacks support for the Broadcom wireless adapter found in this device , but that is not really Moblin 's fault .
The web browser still leaves much to be desired - strange , because Moblin 2.1 has made a number of improvements in that area .
One other thing your editor noticed with both Ubuntu versions : the power consumption seems high .
Running PowerTop shows a steady state of anywhere between 100 and 350 wakeups / second - not the way to get the most from one 's battery .
Moblin is supposed to be better than that .
Your editor decided to go straight to the source : the Moblin.org download page , which offers an image which works nicely from a USB stick .
Some things have not really improved : it still takes 30 seconds to boot the system ( though it should be noted that the use of a USB stick will slow things somewhat ) .
But 30 seconds beats the few minutes that USB - based Ubuntu required , and the system is more responsive thereafter as well .
And there are some improvements to be seen in this version of the distribution .
For example , the web browser ( a Mozilla derivative ) is indeed improved : it now has support for bookmarks , extensions , and a full set of preferences to tweak .
This version of Moblin comes with its own package installer backed by Moblin 's repository ; users can install real applications like Thunderbird or AbiWord , but the package selection is far smaller than found with Ubuntu 9.10 .
Interestingly , OpenOffice.org is not available for this build - a surprise , given how many people your editor has seen running presentations from netbooks over the last year .
The official Moblin build is indeed more power - efficient , though it still runs at 80 - 90 wakeups / second , which is too many .
All told , Moblin feels a little bit like an unfinished product , still .
In general , your editor is not really sold on the netbook idea .
The screen is too small to get much serious work done , and the aspect ratio is wrong for any sort of text - oriented work .
The keyboard tends to be just big enough to tempt the user to try to really type on it .
And , frankly , Moblin - like software just tends to get in the way of a user who is used to the full Linux desktop experience and who does not spend a lot of time on Twitter .
Chances are good that this particular netbook will eventually find itself running a more traditional Linux distribution .
But , as has been noted already , your editor is clearly not the market that these systems are aimed at .
Not yet , at least .
There are some very interesting changes happening in the area of consumer - level computers , where the traditional desktop idea seems to be slowly falling out of favor .
Many experiments are underway to come up with something better ; in the free software world these experiments have names like Android , Chromium OS , Litl , Maemo , and Moblin .
Free software is trying to break new ground here ; this is not a case of following somebody else 's taillights .
So , while your editor does not see Moblin as his system of choice at the moment , he is most interested in seeing where this project goes in the near future .
* MP says politicians use witchdoctors
* Warns albino killings will increase ahead of elections
* High Court says two trials have been stopped
MISUNGWI , Tanzania , Dec 1 ( Reuters ) - Rights campaigners say Tanzania must lift a shroud of secrecy surrounding wealthy buyers who commission albino killings for witchcraft , after one lawmaker admitted many politicians use witchdoctors themselves .
More than 100 suspects have been arrested in connection with the killing of 54 albinos , who lack pigment in their skin , eyes and hair .
Body parts sell on the black market for up to $ 75,000 for a full set of limbs , genitals , ears , lips and blood .
But while seven men have been sentenced to death by hanging for involvement in two murders , no one who ordered the grisly trophies has so far been prosecuted for their role in what many Tanzanians say is a highly organised illicit trade .
" I find it conspicuous and puzzling that the people at the top end have not been named -- the people who actually have $ 3,000 to buy an arm , " said Peter Ash , a Canadian albino and founder of lobby group Under The Same Sun .
It plans to spend $ 1 million supporting albinos in the country this year and next .
" This is akin to the drug cartels where the people at the top are not named , " Ash told Reuters .
The government banned traditional healers ' licences in January in an effort to root out witchcraft after public attention was drawn to the killings .
But politicians and campaigners say witchdoctors openly defy the ban and that the real source of demand has yet to be uncovered in court .
DEMAND UP AT ELECTION TIME
" I can assure you witchdoctors are still practising , " said one member of parliament who did not want to be named because of the sensitivity of the subject .
" We at the political level also believe in witchcraft , so stopping it has got some political impediments to it . "
The albino concoctions are meant to bring luck and are prized by miners , fishermen , business people and others seeking power and influence .
" At election time the demand for albinos is too high , " the same politician said .
Tanzania will hold national parliamentary and presidential elections towards the end of 2010 .
The killings , in which machetes have been used to hack off limbs and mothers ' breasts , beheading some victims while still alive , have tarnished Tanzania 's reputation as a haven of peace -- the translation of its commercial capital Dar es Salaam .
One local BBC reporter who brought the albinos ' plight to world attention left the tourism - dependent country following a series of death threats .
Of 54 trials , two court cases have concluded .
High Court Registrar John Utamwa confirmed two cases had been stopped , including one last week , but said he did not yet know why .
" No one is above the law , " Justice Ministry spokesman Omega Ngole said .
" If you are involved , you should be taken to court . "
( ( For a related story , please click on [ ID : nGEE5B00 EJ ] ) ) ( Editing by Daniel Wallis and Jon Boyle ) ( ( Email : nairobi.newsroom@reuters.com ; tel : +254 20 222 4717 ) )
( For more Reuters Africa coverage and to have your say on the top issues , visit :
af.reuters.com /
) )
The film industry has always had ‘ readers ’ on the lookout for new properties .
But it seems that many of those ‘ readers ’ have become ‘ players ’ and are fervently running through game after game looking for the one that ’ll be a profitable adaptation .
If there ’s one thing that video gamers know , the main force behind any title besides the gameplay is the main character , with story lines often playing second - fiddle to a strong protagonist that players will be comfortable controlling for the duration of the game .
This means that when video game movies are concerned , the most important thing after the script is the actor who is cast to play the leading role .
Below is a list of a few suggestions — and yes , each of these games have been rumored to have a film adaptation in the works .
Kratos from God of War
( PS2 , 3/22/2005 )
This one has been in the pipeline for almost half a decade .
Series creator David Jaffe said in 2007 that script had been completed by David Self ( Road to Perdition , Thirteen Ghosts ) and expressed an interest in seeing Djimon Hounsou ( Gladiator , Blood Diamond ) cast as Kratos .
I approve .
Although I ’d like to toss another name into the ring : Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje .
Those who saw him portray Simon Adebisi in HBO ’s
Oz know where I ’m coming from with this recommendation .
He was most recently seen as Mr. Eko in ABC ’s Lost and as Heavy Duty in G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra .
Not only is he an extremely talented actor but he ’s got the build for Kratos .
And let me preface any comments about ethnicity ; anyone who plays Kratos will be covered from head to toe in ash makeup , making the color of the actor ’s skin a moot point .
Nathan Drake from Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune
( PS3 , 11/20/2007 )
This one might be a lost cause because it ’s supposedly been in production for the last year - and - a - half .
But no matter — anyone who has seen the TV series Firefly knows that Nathan Fillion would be a shoo - in for the part of the charismatic treasure hunter .
He ’s got the look , the smug sarcasm , and the geek fan following thanks to his previous work .
Alice from American McGee ’s Alice
( PC , 10/06/2000 )
A cult classic , the film adaptation of this one has been in the works since the year the game came out and no significant progress is known to have been made .
I can think of no one better to portray the dark and twisted Alice than Dakota Fanning ( Hounddog , I Am Sam . )
Not only has she retained her sanity unlike some child stars , more importantly , she can act .
Really , really well , in fact .
New Moon aside ; no one could make that film good .
Travis Touchdown from No More Heroes
( Wii , 11/22/2007 )
Maybe I have a brain tumor but I can swear that I read something somewhere about an NMH movie .
I ca n’t confirm anything , though , but that does n’t mean I ca n’t drop a few names for the role of Travis .
One name , actually .
The name .
Tomoyasu Hotei .
Not only is he a kickass guitar player , he can act and wield a katana with surprising proficiency .
See him as Rannosuke Kazamatsuri in Hiroyuki Nakano ’s 1998 film , Samurai Fiction , and you ’ll know what I mean .
He even looks like Travis and if you watch any of the music videos for his Japanese stuff ( we Americans have only been privy to the slightly more accessible Electric Samurai album ) you know he ’s got the style .
James Sunderland from Silent Hill 2
( PS2 , 09/24/2001 )
Whether the movie Silent Hill 2 will be an adaptation of the game , a continuation of the original abomination or an entirely new one is unknown .
But if it chooses to follow the plot of what Gavin named the # 1 Survival Horror Game , then Cary Elwes should play James Sunderland .
While many of us will always see Mr. Elwes as the swashbuckling Wesley in The Princess Bride or Robin in Mel Brooks ’ Robin Hood : Men in Tights , his performance as Dr. Lawrence Gordon in 2004 ’s
Saw shows that he has range .
He ’s aged just enough and would make a perfect James .
Duke Nukem from Duke Nukem 3D
( PC , 01/29/1996 )
Yes , he ’s technically from the entire series but no one in Hollywood is going to care about anything except DN3D .
Back in the early days , Dolph Lundgren could ’ve done it but he ’s getting a bit on in his years and no longer has the appeal he once did .
Nope , they need to cast someone who , like Duke , had a promising career and ended up fading away .
Someone like Mickey Rourke .
He ’s a fantastic actor and he ’s currently very ‘ in ’ thanks to his performance in Darren Aronofsky ’s The Wrestler and his role in the upcoming Iron Man sequel .
Max Payne from Max Payne
( PC , 06/25/2001 )
Could we just forget the whole thing with Mark Wahlberg and start over ?
It ’s such a damn shame to let such an amazing franchise go to waste .
Fire whoever wrote the travesty that was the Max Payne movie and put James Denton in there as Max .
He looks the part and while he has n’t had extensive ‘ testing ’ outside of Desperate Housewives ’ ‘ Wisteria Lane , ’ I ’m confident he would kick all sorts of ass as the hard - boiled detective .
Solid Snake from the Metal Gear Series
( Multiple Platforms , 06/12/1987 – Present )
Some say that David Hayter should be Snake but I say it should be Hugh Jackman .
The man has certainly flexed his acting muscles a lot , playing everything from Curly McLain in Oklahoma ! to Wolverine in X - Men .
Give him a five o’clock shadow and a bandana and he ’s Snake all the way .
Now if the movie elects to follow Old Snake , then I ’d have to recommend Viggo Mortensen .
We know he ’s comfortable with action sequences from the Lord of the Rings trilogy and many other movies but , as always , the most important thing is that he can act .
But then again , if the script for the film is anything like the script for the games , then not even Gielgud could save it .
Shadow of the Colossus
( PS2 , 10/18/2005 )
To finish this article off , I ’d like to talk about the upcoming adaptation of the cult phenomenon that is SotC .
While the involvement of Justin Marks ( Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun - Li ) is very suspect , series creator Fumito Ueda said that he’d be involved so I can rest easy .
Personally , I think that a film with practically no dialogue would be best and would only be improved with Guillermo del Toro ( Pan ’s Labyrinth , Hellboy ) at the helm .
He has the exquisite ability to create these magical and surreal worlds and he ’d do wonders behind the camera for a film of Shadow of the Colossus .
And that ’s it .
If you agree , disagree , or have any other suggestions for possible actors to play our favorite video game characters , leave a comment below !
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Sen. Bernie Sanders , the socialist Democrat from Vermont , suggested Wednesday evening that he might vote against health care reform .
Sanders is the first liberal Democrat to threaten to overturn the months - long Democratic effort to pass reform .
His wavering support comes after a long week of left - wing calls , led by Howard Dean , to kill the bill for being insufficiently liberal - minded .
( It also comes the same day as Sanders 's amendment proposing single - payer health care was , as expected , defeated . )
With the loss of a single vote sufficient to doom the entire initiative , Sanders joins conservative Democrat Ben Nelson , Independent Joe Lieberman and Republican Olympia Snowe in the pantheon of Senators whose personal demands must be met for reform to pass .
Is Sanders 's dissent a good thing for health care , for Democrats , or for himself ?
Does n't Matter Unless Sanders Filibusters Washington Monthly 's Steve Benen reminds us , " keep in mind that Sanders hates Republican filibusters .
When he says he 's ' not voting for the bill , ' Sanders is almost certainly talking about the final bill -- unlike center - right members of the caucus , Sanders makes a distinction between the procedural vote and the legislative vote . "
Benen recounts Sanders 's long - held opposition to Republican filibusters .
" It 's extremely unlikely that Sanders would reverse course on this commitment . "
Overturning a filibuster requires 60 votes , but passing the legislation only requires 50 , so if Sanders joins Democrats on the former he can break on the latter without endangering the bill .
... Which He Might The Plum Line 's Greg Sargent reports that his sources tell him Sanders could still vote with Republicans on a filibuster .
" Given Sanders ’ longtime commitment to health care reform and single payer , it seems unlikely that he ’d vote against cloture in the end , since that would sink the bill .
Still , Sanders was bitterly disappointed by the dropping of the public option , and this does n’t make things any easier for Reid . "
How Dems Can Win Back Sanders
The Atlantic 's Chris Good explains .
" While Sanders is clearly disappointed that the Medicare buy - in provision was dropped , he has n't made up his mind to vote against it .
He is currently working to expand the role of community health centers , and it 's conceivable that changes in that area -- not necessarily a reinsertion of the Medicare buy - in proposal - - could secure his vote . "
He 'll Come Around Outside
The Beltway 's James Joyner sighs , " My guess is that far left Democrats will vent a little while longer and ultimately support whatever compromise deal they can get . "
He writes , " The most likely outcome , then , is that Senate Democrats will follow the lead of SEIU president Andy Stern , condemning the parts of the bill they do n’t like , fighting to make it “ better , ” and ultimately holding their nose and voting for the best they can get . "
Should Sanders Act Like Lieberman ?
MyDD 's Charles Lemon thinks Sanders should emulate Lieberman 's willingness to block legislation unless his personal demands are met .
" It is only folks like Senator Lieberman and Senator Nelson who seek to hold the nation hostage and not permit an up or down vote .
Personally , I see this as a welcomed development .
I 'd rather have the leadership placate Bernie than appease Joe .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Anyone operating a server on any scale should want a digital certificate to encrypt data between clients and services , whether for personal , office , or public use .
That 's a broad statement , but it holds true no matter how you slice it .
With so many people accessing networks over WiFi or other untrusted networks for an increasing number of different kinds of services — calendars , contacts , Webmail , email , and so on — encryption is a must , whether via a VPN or by securing services one by one .
While I recommend VPNs , they are n't always the practical , affordable , or correct solution .
For remote email access , SSL / TLS is simpler and more straightforward , and you do n't have to compromise on protection in the process .
There can be something technically imposing about getting and installing a digital certificate , even though it has a high utility value , so I 'm here to make it easier by breaking it down into steps that someone without encryption and command - line knowledge should be able to work with .
I 'll start with an explanation of how digital certificates create encrypted sessions .
Then I 'll describe how to get a free certificate from StartCom as a simple case , before giving a few examples of how to install your certificates .
Secret handshakes
A digital certificate comes in the form of server - side TLS certificate .
TLS stands for transport layer security , and in common use it's a method of combining the advantages of public - key cryptography , external third - party ( out - of - band ) validation , and per-session encryption .
( TLS is the modern name for SSL , the preceding standard .
This method is sometimes called SSL / TLS to signal to people who know the older name that it 's the same thing ; here , let 's just call it TLS . )
Public - key cryptography lets one party send information to another , hidden by a public key that can be freely distributed .
The receiving party has a private key which is kept strictly secret , and which is the only component which may extract the original message from the public - key - encrypted payload .
Public keys are unwieldy for encrypting long strings of text and for fast encryption of streams of data , such as files being transferred via email or website transactions .
Philip Zimmermann created PGP in 1991 as a way around this .
The public key transaction is used to exchange a strong session key that 's symmetric : both parties use the same key to encrypt and decrypt data .
The key is passed in perfect security via the public - key transaction , making the process impenetrable to sniffers and " man in the middle " attacks .
Certificates can be generated for domain names and other data by pretty much anyone ; the party generating the certificate does n't have to be the legitimate owner of the domain or data .
So , just as with PGP and the open - source GPG alternative ( and SSH and many other similar methods ) , you need an out - of - band method to validate that party issuing the certificate is really who they say they are .
That 's where certificate authorities ( CAs ) come in .
A CA is a group that provides some validation , from cursory to extensive ( in the case of Extended Validation certificates ) , that the party that signed up for a certificate for a given domain name is approximately that entity .
When you connect via a browser to a secure website , for instance , the browser does some handshaking with the server , receives a certificate which contains a public key and some other fielded data , and then turns to a CA to confirm that the certificate is valid .
CAs are preinstalled in browsers , client software , and operating systems , so that the CA itself is validated by the software developer or OS maker .
That 's where the out - of - band trust comes for the CA !
Firefox alerts you when StartSSL asks for a personal certificate with which to authenticate yourself .
If the browser is mathematically convinced that the certificate is from a valid party for that domain , a key is exchanged , and a session is encrypted .
You can sign your own digital certificates , essentially acting as your own certificate authority , but that 's a problem .
Because a client and / or OS does n't know that GlennFleishmanCA is a real authority , the client or OS has to prompt a user to accept an untrusted relationship .
Depending on the process , the user may be able to trust a session or not , or to accept a CA 's authority permanently .
In an organization , a self - signed cert can work because you can either tell everyone to accept the signing certificate 's authority , or you can preinstall the root authority for your own CA in each person 's computer .
( That can be as simple as dragging a file into a system - wide key manager , clicking import and importing it , or clicking through a couple of dialog boxes . )
But instead of all that tedium and management , especially as new employees or colleagues come and go , it makes more sense to get a fully CA - validated certificate .
And you can get one for free .
Start with StartSSL
StartCom 's StartSSL service offers a Class 1 certificate at no cost , with fees for higher levels of identity validation ( see the site 's chart for comparisons ) .
A basic Class 1 certificate does n't validate all your details ; email to a known domain contact address is the only real check .
A Class 2 or 3 certificate with your identity or your organization 's identity is $ 40 for two years .
An extended validation certificate , which uses an industry standard for checking a submitter 's details , is $ 110 for two years , and will tell a browser to show a green bar on connection .
While StartSSL is free , it is n't a clear process to those that have n't created a certificate before .
Let me tell you how to walk through the site .
StartSSL uses an S / MIME personal certificate to let you log in after sign - up .
This is certainly more complicated than requiring a username and a password , but it 's ostensibly much more reliable because you have to have this cert , which can't be intercepted over a network or captured through keystroke monitoring .
Direct access to someone 's computer , likely with additional passwords , would be required to access it .
( After creating the S / MIME certificate , you can use it to sign emails in programs that support S/ MIME . )
( Note : Safari 4 under Mac OS X does n't correctly interact with StartSSL 's site for certificate download , validation , or menu selection .
Use Firefox in Mac OS X or Firefox or Internet Explorer under Windows instead . )
Firefox manages personal certificates in its Preferences window under Advanced > Encryption >
Your Certificates
Start at the Authenticate or Sign - Up page .
Click Sign-up .
Fill out the Personal Enrollment details and click Continue .
( StartTLS offers many imprecations against trying to falsify data here . )
Check the email account for the address you provided in step 3 , get the validation code , and enter it , clicking Continue to proceed .
Next , StartSSL will generate the private key needed for the client certificate it provides to you for authentication .
There 's no good reason to choose anything but 2048 ( High Grade ) as the option .
Click Continue .
Click Install when the Install button appears .
This should be an automatic background process .
In Firefox , the certificate is installed into an internal database , from which it can be exported .
( If you want to use these credentials with another browser , you can download them again from within the StartSSL website , or you can export the certificate from Firefox and drag into or import into another browser on the same or a different computer . )
Click Finish , and you 're taken to an authenticated control panel page .
This S/ MIME cert is vital to using the site again , so you should back up the certificate .
In Firefox , via the Advanced preference 's Encryption tab , you can export a certificate by selecting View Certificates , choosing the StartCom certificate from the Your Certificates tab , and clicking Backup .
After setting a mandatory password and exporting the certificate , it can be imported into other programs that read the certificate format .
See answer 4 in the FAQ for Internet Explorer export .
With Morgan Freeman tackling yet another authoritative role with his turn as Nelson Mandela in Invictus , which was just released on DVD , he 'll add another " commanding presence " notch to his belt .
Here we take a look at several decades worth of his characters and how they rank , from Glorious Creator to Glorified Cabbie .
It looks like today has quickly become URL shortener day .
Just moments ago , we learned about fb.me , Facebook 's new URL shortener .
It 's already in use for mobile and page link sharing and spreading quickly .
One of Facebook 's mortal enemies could n't let the social network have all of the fun and attention , though .
Google has just launched Goo.gl , the official Google URL shortener of the world 's largest search engine .
In a short announcement , the tech giant revealed that the Google Toolbar and the FeedBurner syndication service now utilize Goo.gl for link sharing .
The company also made sure to preach the strengths of its URL shortener and why it should be chosen above others .
Google 's three key talking points are stability , security , and speed .
These are no surprise :
Facebook and Google are trusted brands with huge audiences and very good short URL domains .
Today may just mark the beginning a new battle for the URL shortening market .
Rocker Ted Nugent is n't a fan of U.S. leader Barack Obama - he thinks the president should be jailed .
The Cat Scratch Fever hitmaker , a fervent Republican , insists America should be ashamed about voting in the Democrat , who took office in January ( 09 ) .
He tells Royal Flush magazine , " I think that Barack Hussein Obama should be put in jail .
It is clear that Barack Hussein Obama is a communist .
" ( Former Chinese leader ) Mao Tse Tung lives and his name is Barack Hussein Obama .
This country should be ashamed .
I wanna throw up . "
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
The homebuyer tax credit closing deadline has been extended until September 30th , 2010 for those who were under contract by April 30th , 2010 .
Details here .
If you ’re a first time homebuyer and you thought that you might be out of time when it came to getting the $ 8000 refundable tax credit , think again !
On Friday the Obama administration signed into law the Worker , Homeownership , and Business Assistance Act of 2009 which extends the $ 8000 refundable tax credit through the end of June of 2010 .
If you had given up looking for a house , it may be time to restart your search !
$ 8000 First Time Home - buyer Tax Credit Extended
The new law was agreed upon by Congress last week , and then signed into law by President Obama at the end of the week .
The extension of the tax credit does mean that there are a few changes in the provisions , including higher income limits , age restrictions and limits on home values .
The credit is available for homes that go under contract by April 30 , 2010 and close by June 30 , 2010 September 30th , 2010 .
September 30th , 2010 .
First - time buyers ( those who have not owned a home for three years ) can continue to claim an $ 8,000 credit .
Income limits : $ 125,000 a year for individuals , $ 225,000 a year for married couples .
( an increase in income limits )
Homes that cost more than $ 800,000 are n’t eligible for the credit .
You must be 18 years old to claim the credit .
Credit is available for primary residences only ( no vacation homes )
$ 6500 Move - Up Homebuyer Tax Credit Passed
In addition to the first time homebuyer bill being extended , Congress also decided to expand the incentives for homebuyers by allowing some current owners to take part as well .
Current homeowners can now buy a new home and receive a $ 6500 tax credit .
Details of the new incentives here : $ 6500 homebuyer tax credit .
What do you think of the tax credit being extended ?
Are you relieved because you just missed the deadline before ?
Are you upset because you ’re against the credits ?
Tell us your thoughts on the tax credit extension and expansion in the comments below .
WASHINGTON —
The nation ’s pre-eminent civil rights organization ACLU on Thursday slammed President Obama for shielding the Bush administration from accountability for its “ dangerous torture policy , ” and insisted that this “ lack of transparency ” severely threatens the future of constitutional liberty in the United States .
“ The Bush administration constructed a legal framework for torture , ” Jameel Jaffer , Director of ACLU ’s National Security Project , said in a conference call with reporters .
“ Now the Obama administration is constructing a legal framework for impunity . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
While he credited Obama for having disavowed torture under his watch , Jaffer said that “ on every front , the administration is actively obstructing accountability by shielding Bush officials from civil liability , criminal investigation and even public scrutiny for their role in authorizing torture . ”
“ It ’s the last month of 2009 , and not a single torture victim has had his day in court , ” said ACLU Attorney Ben Wizner .
“ Not a single court in a torture case has ruled on the legality of the Bush administration ’s torture policies . ”
In response to a question from Raw Story , Jaffer said refusing to prosecute past acts of torture sets “ an extremely dangerous precedent ” in the legal system .
“ Torture victims can be denied their day in court solely based on assertions made by their torturers , ” he said .
“ We still do n’t have a definitive binding determination that what went on in the last eight years was illegal , ” he added .
“ And without that kind of determination , it will be all too easy for an unscrupulous lawyer in an unscrupulous future administration to write another memo saying that there is no legal prohibition against monstrous conduct . ”
“ Torture is not an issue where there should be one person on both sides of the table on Hardball — torture is universally prescribed as clearly illegal . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama administration has evaded transparency by “ seeking to cover up details of enhanced interrogation programs , ” said Alex Abdo , ACLU ’s attorney for torture FOIA lawsuits , citing the president ’s refusal to release photos , memos and documentation that detail instances of torture — largely under the pre-text of state secrets .
“ The effect of the Obama administration ’s argument across these civil cases is the creation of a sweeping immunity doctrine for torturers , ” said Abdo , citing as one example Obama ’s defense of torture memo author John Yoo .
“ The government can engage in torture , declare it a state secret or a matter of national security , and by virtue of that declaration avoid any accountability for conduct that the entire world and the United States have always recognized as illegal in all instances , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re frustrated by the growing gap between Obama administration ’s rhetoric on accountability and the reality , ” Jaffer said .
“ I think there is an obvious connection between what the president is saying about the commitment we ’ve got to human rights and the work we ’re doing here inside the United States to hold people accountable for the violations of both domestic and international law , ” Jaffer said , referring to Obama ’s acceptance of the Nobel Prize today .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last week , ACLU Legislative Counsel Michelle Richardson told Raw Story that Obama ’s support for key Patriot Act provisions is “ a major travesty . ”
On a rainy Thursday in November , three bicycles were parked in an office on the 29th floor of 7 World Trade Center in downtown Manhattan , a sleek new tower .
Positioned near a window overlooking the Hudson River , the bikes had a better view than many of the desks nearby .
Bikes will soon become a more familiar sight around office cubicles in New York City .
On Friday , a new bike access law takes effect in the city , stipulating that buildings with freight elevators must allow employees to use those elevators to take their bikes upstairs .
Passed in July , the law aims to encourage bicycle commuting by eliminating worries about the security of street parking .
Under this law , however , access has to be granted only during freight elevator operating hours , which typically end around 6 p.m .
In addition , cyclists may have to submit formal requests to get a landlord to issue a bike access plan , and the city may grant exceptions to some buildings  for example , if the freight area is deemed unsafe .
But some building owners and office managers have already embraced the idea , installing racks , carving out space for bike rooms and opening freight elevators to employees who pedal to work .
In a strong attack on the strident comments from Iran 's leaders , Mr Obama heaped praise on the protesters and dismissed as " not serious " Mr Ahmadinejad 's demand this week for an apology for what he claimed was US interference in the election .
He admitted that his hopes for a post-election overture to Tehran had been hurt .
Now that a Dallas police officer has died escorting Hillary Clinton ’s motorcade , it is time to revisit the Clinton Body Count .
Reposted from the WhatReallyHappened.com website .
THE MOST RECENT
Charles Ruff
Clinton lawyer .
died : 11/20/00
Charles Ruff was one of Clinton ’s attorneys during the impeachment trial and was known to have inside infomration on the White House emails scandal as well .
Original reports were that he died in an accident in his home although no details were given .
Then the report changed to claim that he was found in his bedroom unconscious , then declared dead on arrival at the hospital .
The authorities will provide no details other than the usual ( and quite premature ) assurances that there was no foul play involved .
Tony Moser
Anti-Corruption Journalist .
died : 6/10/00
Tony Moser , a critic of the Arkansas Democratic Party political machine , was killed as he crossed a street in Pine Bluff 10 days after being named a columnist for the Democrat - Gazette newspaper and two days after writing an article which exposed the looting of programs designed to obtain money from " Dead beat " parents to then give to their children .
The police declared that no crime had been committed since the anonymous driver of the 1995 Chevy Pickup truck that struck and killed Moser was not intoxicated nor was he speeding .
In Arkansas , that apparently makes it legal to run down a politically unpopular journalist .
Convicted bank fraudster Jim McDougal suffered a heart attack and died while in solitary confinement as Kenneth Starr ’s grand jury convened .
James McDougal
Crook
Died March 8 1998
Jim McDougal was serving his 3 - year sentence for bank fraud at the Fort Worth Federal Medical Center in Texas , a facility operated by the federal Bureau of Prisons for inmates who need medical attention .
Just prior to another round of testimony before Kenneth Starr ’s grand jury , and while the reporters who were covering that story were two hours away covering a standoff situation in Waco that just " went away " , Jim McDougal suffered a heart attack while in solitary confinement .
Left alone for too long , when Jim McDougal was taken out of solitary , instead of attempting to defibrillate his heart with equipment on hand at the facility , he was driven over to John Peter Smith hospital .
Not the closest hospital to the Fort Worth Federal Medical Center , John Peter Smith hospital is a welfare hospital , where ( in the words of one local ) , " They let interns practice on deadbeats " .
NEW !
The Fort Worth Star - Telegram acquired the official report of the McDougal death via a Freedom Of Information Act request , and report that doctors ignored McDougal ’s sings of imminent death .
John Millis
Staff Director of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Committee
died : 6/4/00
Millis had just helped the HPSCI complete it ’s " investigation " into alleged CIA cocaine smuggling which predictably ( given that Millis was himnself a long time CIA agent ) concluded that the CIA was innocent of all allegations of wrongdoing .
Fairfax , Virginia police were tipped off by an anonymous phone call claiming that " a man " was threatening suicide in a motel room .
Police arrived to find Millis dead of a gunshot wound .
As was the case with Vincent Foster and Sandy Hume , the death was immediatly declared a suicide .
Ron Miller
Witness
Died October 12th 1997
Ron Miller , investigated by authorities over the sale of his company , Gage Corp. to Dynamic Energy Resources , Inc. was the man who tape recorded Gene and Nora Lum and turned those tapes ( and other records ) over to congressional oversight investigators .
The Lums were sentenced to prison for campaign finance violations , using " straw donors " to conceal the size of their contributions to various candidates .
Indeed , Dynamic Energy Resources , Inc. had hired Ron Brown ’s son Michael solely for the purpose of funneling $ 60,000 through him to the Commerce Secretary , according to Nolanda Hill ’s testimony .
Reportedly a healthy man , Ron suddenly took ill on October 3rd , and steadily worsened until his death 9 days later .
( This pattern fits Ricin poisoning . )
Owing to the strangeness of the illness , doctors at the Integris Baptist Medical Center referred the matter to the Oklahoma State Medical Examiner ’s Office .
The Oklahoma State Medical Examiner ’s Office promptly ran tests on samples of Ron Miller ’s blood , but has refused to release the results or even to confirm that the tests were ever completed .
Sandy Hume
Journalist
On Sunday , February 22nd , 1998 , Sandy Hume , the 28 - year - old son of journalist Britt Hume , was reportedly found dead in his Arlington , Virginia home .
Aside from the statement that this was an " apparent " suicide , there remains in place a total media blackout on this story , possibly out of concern that the actual facts will not withstand public scrutiny .
Indeed , it was reported in Associated Press that the Arlington Police were not responding to any inquiries .
Hume was a reporter for The Hill magazine , newspaper about Congress for Congress , and had broken a major story in 1997 regarding the friction between House Speaker Newt Gingrich and a faction led by Representative Paxon ( who announced his resignation just 24 hours after Hume ’s death ) .
In addition , Sandy Hume had just joined the staff at Fox TV News and was just three weeks into a job that represented the pinnacle of his young career .
Oddly enough , aside from echoing the one Associated Press story , the Fox News website has ignored the death of its newest commentator .
Sandy already had a reputation for getting the story that nobody else wanted to look at .
It is worth noting that his death came hard on the heels of reports that " a reporter " was about to break a story confirming the White House ’s use of investigators to dig up dirt on critics .
It has recently been confirmed that the man who performed the as - yet - unreleased autopsy is none other than Dr. James C. Beyer , who has a record of concealing homicides behind a ruling of suicide .
Kenneth Starr ’s " suicidologist " Dr. Alan L. Berman has waded in again and as he did in the Foster death ruled it " 100 % certain that this is a suicide and can be nothing else " .
Daniel A. Dutko
C-chairman of Leadership 2000
died : 7/27/99
Daniel A. Dutko , 54 , was the co-chairman of Leadership 2000 , the Democratic National Committee ’s main fund - raising effort .
He held many other high - level political positions , including vice chairman of finance for Clinton - Gore in 1995 ; finance chairman of the 53rd inaugural ball ; and vice chairman of finance for the DNC in 1996 ( when the Chinese money poured in ) .
Attributed to a bicycle accident in which it ’s claimed he struck his head on the concrete twice .
THE MOST FAMOUS
John F. Kennedy Jr. announced a run for the Senate seat currently held by Hillary Clinton and soon thereafter his Piper Saratoga II TC went down in the ocean near Martha ’s Vineyard , killing Kennedy , his wife and sister - in - law .
John F. Kennedy Jr .
Potential Candidate for Senator from New York .
died : 7/16/99
Within days of an NBC Dateline story hinting at a possible run for the Senate seat currently assumed to be the property of Hillary Clinton , JFK Jr. and his wife and sister - in - law died when the Piper Saratoga II TC JFK Jr. was piloting crashed in to the ocean just short of Martha ’s Vineyard .
The NEWSWEEK issue for the following Monday , which NBC Dateline had reported would announce JFK Jr ’s candidacy , was yanked from distributors and destroyed .
Even before the wreckage of the plane had been found , the media was saturated with news stories declaring the weather to have been very hazy ( the weather was VFR conditions , and 8 mile visibility , plus weather radar and witnesses on Martha ’s Vineyard all reported clear skies ) making it impossible for JFK Jr. to know which way was up ( he also had working instruments in the aircraft ) .
As was the case when TWA 800 was shot down , the United States Navy took control of the crash site , ordering an unprecidented 5 mile wide no -fly zone while the wreckage of the aircraft was recovered and taken to a military base .
Reporters Cindy Adams and Andrew Goldman have documented the planting of false information about JFK Jr. in the media in the days following his crash .
The feeding of false information to the press proves there is a cover - up .
The existance of a cover - up is why JFK Jr. gets an entry on the Dead Bodies List .
According to some reports , Mrs. Kennedy was pregnant .
Mary Mahoney
White House Intern
died 7/97
An attractive 25 - year - old woman , Mary was a former White House Intern for Bill Clinton working as the Assistant Manager at a Starbuck ’s Coffee shop in Georgetown .
In the pre-trial publicity surrounding Paula Jones lawsuit Mike Isikoff had dropped hints that a " former White House staffer " with the initial " M " was about to go public with her story of sexual harassment at 1600 Pennsylvania .
Just days later , gunmen entered the Starbuck ’s while the crew was cleaning up after closing .
Mary ’s two associates , Aaron Goodrich , 18 and Emory Evans , 25 , were taken to a room and shot .
Mary herself had five bullets in her , from at least two different guns , most likely with silencers .
A total of ten shots were fired ; none of them heard by neighbors in the densely populated Georgetown section .
Mary was shot in the chest , her face , and in the back of the head .
Someone wanted her very dead .
Or to send a message .
Even though more than $ 4000 remained in the store , the police have categorized the triple murder as a robber , even as they acknowledge the " execution style " killings .
There was no sign of forced entry , which means that either Mary of one of the employees let the killers in ( at least one hour after closing ) .
That means that the killers included at least one person known to the victims .
One report is that the Starbuck ’s was still locked when the bodies were found the next morning .
Robbers do n’t bother locking doors .
George Stephenopolis , Monica Lewinsky , and Chelsea Clinton were all regulars at the Starbuck’s .
UPDATE : On August 1 , 1998 , yet another young female government intern with the initial " M " , Christine M. Mirzayan , was murdered , beaten to death with a heavy object near Georgetown University .
Eventually , Mike Isikoff ’s " former White House staffer " has finally surfaced and its NOT Mary Mahoney , but Monica Lewinsky .
If the killing of Mary Mahoney was to silence a " bimbo eruption " , they got the wrong woman !
( Just how many of the interns was Clinton getting oral sex from anyway ? ? )
Carl Cooper , the man charged with the Starbuck ’s murders on the basis of a confession has now recanted that confession , claiming that it was obtained under coercion ( not unlike that of James Earl Ray ) .
UPDATE : A recent affidavit filed by NOAA ’s Sonya Stewert , confirms that the Department of Commerce was selling trade mission seats in exchange for campaign donatations , and illegally blocking FOIA requests .
Named in the affidavit as the White House staffer directly connected to this obstruction is Doris Matsui .
Doris ’s assigned intern during this period was Mary Mahoney .
The Washington Weekly continues to investigate this case .
Anyone with information on the case is encouraged to contact the Washington Weekly by email at [ email protected ] .
Confidentiality is assured .
Vince Foster , who worked with Hillary at the Rose law firm , was found dead in Ft. Marcy Park in Washington , DC .
Foster had intimate knowledge of the Clintons ’ personal finances .
Vincent Foster
White House Counsel
died : 7/21/93
Found dead in Ft. Marcy Park in Washington , DC , of a supposed suicide by gunshot .
A suicide note was supposedly found a few days later , torn into several pieces , in his briefcase , after his office had been entered by white house staff and materials removed .
The gun which he supposedly used to kill himself was reported to be still in his hand , but the person who first found the body reports that there was no gun at that time .
Many irregularities surround the death and the investigation of it .
Foster was also from Hope , Ark. , like Clinton , and also worked for the Rose Law firm .
Foster had intimate knowledge of the Clintons ’ personal finances .
Foster was involved in an investigation of their finances , and reportedly made a phone call to Hillary Clinton , in Los Angeles , just hours before his death .
Recently , the signed report of M.E. Dr. Donald Haut was uncovered at the National Archives , proving that Foster had a previously unreported gunshot wound to his neck .
Finally , an FBI memo has surfaced dated the day after the date of the official autopsy , in which the autopsist informs the FBI that there was NO exit wound .
The " suicide " note , ( leaked despite official efforts to keep it from view ) has since been revealed to be a forgery .
Admiral Jeremy Boorda
Chief of Naval Operations
Died May 16th , 1996
Boorda supposedly went home for lunch and decided to shoot himself in the chest ( by one report , twice ) rather than be interviewed by Newsweek magazine that afternoon .
Explanations for Boorda ’s suicide focused on a claim that he was embarrassed over two " Valor " pins he was not authorized to wear .
Former CNO Admiral Elmo Zumwalt said on the May 17 Larry King Live show that Admiral Boorda was not only authorized to wear the " V " on his medals , but that had personally authorized him to do so when he was serving as Commander Naval Forces Vietnam .
When it turned out that Boorda was entitled to those decorations , blame shifted to stresses over the down sizing of the Navy , and even ( Washington Times ) the adverse affect that feminism was having on the Navy ’s morale .
Boorda supposedly left two suicide notes , neither of which was released .
On Thursday , June 25 , 1998 , Navy Secretary John Dalton formally acknowledged that Boorda had been entitled to wear the decorations .
So , like Brown , and like Foster , the proximate cause for the " suicide " turns out to be fraudulent .
William Colby , former CIA Director , had covered the Foster " suicide " a bit too closely in his newsletter .
He became the unfortunate victim of a canoeing " accident . "
William Colby
Director of Central Intelligence ( ret )
Died – April 27 ( ? ) , 1996
William Colby had been the DCI from 1973 to 1976 under Nixon and Ford .
At age 76 , Colby had found a new career and had just started writing for Strategic Investment at the time of his death .
This had worried many insiders in the intelligence community who felt that Colby had already divulged too many of the CIA ’s secrets in the preceding years .
Indeed , his dismissal by Ford because of his over - cooperation with Congressional investigations into CIA wrongdoing .
It was Colby who had revealed to Congress the plans to kill Fidel Castro , the spying on American citizens ( in direct violation of the CIA charter ) and the conducting of biological tests by the CIA on unsuspecting citizens .
George Bush replaced him .
According to the original CNN report , Colby was reported missing by neighbors who " recovered " his canoe , by one story from under the dock at Colby ’s house , by another report , 1 / 4 of a mile downstream from Colby ’s home .
Colby was by all report a methodical , tidy man , yet police found his home unlocked , his computer on , and a partly eaten dinner on the table .
The official story is that Colby just put down his fork and decided to drop everything and go canoeing .
Colby at 76 was still a world - traveler and consultant to many corporations .
He recently became an editor of an important financial newsletter , " Strategic Investment , " which covered the Vince Foster " suicide " in detail .
Its editors hired three renowned handwriting experts to investigate Foster ’s suicide note , which had n’t been found when his briefcase was first searched , but later materialized , torn into pieces , with no fingerprints on any of the pieces .
Upon comparing this document with others of Foster ’s writings , these experts declared it was a forgery , and a not very good one at that .
Colby had old enemies as well as new , with plenty of motives for his extermination .
He was in charge of the infamous Operation Phoenix during the Vietnam War , in which more than 20,000 South Vietnamese citizens — supposedly Vietcong sympathizers — were rounded up , tortured and executed .
In the 1970s he opened some of the secrets of the CIA to Congress : " Colby insisted on going public about the agency ’s role in tapping the telephones and opening the mail of Americans ; plotting the assassination of Fidel Castro , and using human guinea pigs for mind - control experiments involving LSD , " the Times reports .
On Monday , May 6th , Colby ’s body was found just 20 yards from where his canoe had been recovered , in an area that had been thoroughly searched several times by helicopters and search teams .
Most notable about the body was the absence of a life jacket , which according to his wife , Colby always wore on the water .
As has since been proven to have happened in the JFK Jr. case false stories were being deliberatly planted in the media , including one quoting Mrs. Colby herself as having been told by William Colby by phone that he was going canoeing .
Mrs. Colby denied any such story .
The week that he died , Colby was scheduled to meet with the Disclosure Project .
DEAD BODYGUARDS
Maj . Gen. William Robertson , Deputy Commanding General , V Corps , Europe
Col William Densberger , V Corps Chief of Operations and Plans
Col . Robert Kelly , V Corps Chief of Intelligence
Spec. Gary Rhodes , Crew Chief
died : 2/23/93 – All were killed when their Army UH - 60 Blackhawk helicopter crashed in Wiesbaden , Germany .
No cause was ever determined .
– V Corps figured prominently in the US Bosnia - Serbia peacekeeping operations , along with the carrier Roosevelt .
These men , and 8 others associated with Clinton ’s visit to the Roosevelt all died within 4 months of each other .
Clinton bodyguards Steve Willis , Robert Williams ,
Conway LeBleu , and Todd McKeehan suffered nearly identical execution style wounds to the left temple during the Waco siege .
Steve Willis , Clinton bodyguard
Robert Williams , Clinton bodyguard
Conway LeBleu , Clinton bodyguard
Todd McKeehan , Clinton bodyguard
died : 2/28/93 – " executed " by gunfire in the Waco , Texas assault on the Branch Davidians .
–
All four were examined by a " private doctor " and died from nearly identical wounds to the left temple , so - called execution style .
According to Linda Thompson , videotapes and other evidence indicates that none died from guns fired by Branch Davidians .
In his address to employees of the Treasury Department in the Cash Room on March 18 , 1993 , Clinton said : " My prayers and I ’m sure yours are still with the families of all four of the Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms agents who were killed in WACO — Todd McKeehan and Conway Le Bleu of New Orleans ; Steve Willis of Houston , and Robert Williams from my hometown of Little Rock .
Three of those four were assigned to my security during the course of the primary or general election . "
However , the Little Rock , Arkansas office of the ATF confirmed that all four had at one point been bodyguards for Bill Clinton , three while he was campaigning for President , and while he had been governor of Arkansas .
In the videotape by the American Justice Federation , " WACO II , the Big Lie Continues , " Linda Thompson demonstrates that 15 shots were fired from six separate weapons into and out of a room into which three of the four agents had entered through a window .
Four of these shots were fired from an overhead helicopter , an agent outside the window , firing an MP5 submachine gun , who also threw in a concussion grenade , fired at least two shots into the room .
In the autopsies of these agents , three had virtually identical wounds to the left temple that exited through the rear of the head , execution - style .
A " private physician " treated all four .
Alan G. Whicher
Oversaw Clinton ’s Secret Service detail .
In October 1994 Whicher was transferred to the Secret Service field office in the Murrah Building in Oklahoma City .
Whatever warning was given to the BATF agents in that building did not reach Alan Whicher , whom died in the bomb blast of April 19th 1995 .
Cpl Eric S. Fox
Died 3/22/99 .
Crewman for Marine One , the Presidential Helicopter .
Shot in the head , and declared a suicide .
Five Navy aviators , Clinton bodyguards / escorts
( names not determined ) died : 3/26/93 – all died in a crash of an E - 2C Hawkeye in Italy .
The crash occurred shortly after the plane was " waved off " from a landing attempt on the Carrier Roosevelt , due to a " foul deck " .
–
All five men had been Clinton ’s escorts during Clinton ’s visit to the Roosevelt 2 weeks prior .
Three other men , who had flown Clinton to the Roosevelt for that visit also died later in a helicopter crash .
Staff Sgt. Brian Haney , Clinton bodyguard
Marine Sgt. Tim Sabel , Clinton bodyguard
Maj .
William Barkley , Clinton bodyguard
Capt .
Scott Reynolds , Clinton bodyguard
died : 5/19/93 –
All four men died when their helicopter crashed in the woods near Quantico , Va. – Reporters were barred from the site , and the head of the fire department responding to the crash described it by saying , " Security was tight , " with " lots of Marines with guns . "
The Marines seized a videotape made by a firefighter .
All four men had escorted Clinton on his flight to the carrier Roosevelt shortly before their deaths .
Aldo Franscoia , Secret Service Agent
Cpt. Kevin N. Earnest , Aircraft Commander
Cpt. Kimberly Jo Wielhouwer , Pilot
2Lt. Benjamin T. Hall , Navigator
SSgt . Michael J. Smith Jr. , Loadmaster
Sr. Airman Rick L. Merritt , Flight Engineer
SSgt . Michael R. York , Loadmaster
Sr. Airman Billy R. Ogston , Crew Chief
Airman Thomas A. Stevens , Loadmaster .
Killed when the C - 130 carrying the Presidential Limos crashed near Jackson Hole , Wyoming .
August 18 , 1996 .
All nine people on board a White House support plane were killed late Saterday ( 10:48 pm MDT ) , when it crashed into Sheep Mountain ( also known as Sleeping Indian Mountain ) near Jackson Hole Wyoming .
The aircraft was en route from Jackson Hole to John F. Kennedy International airport .
The Air Force Lockheed Martin C-130
Hurcules transport aircraft was carrying a presidential vehicle and many pieces of luggage , all related to the president ’s vaction ( 50th birthday celebration in the Grand Tetons ) .
President Clinton said Sunday afternoon that he was told the pilot was attempting to return to the Jackson Hole airport when it crashed ( CNN news report ) .
The Air Force reported finding no evidence of an in - flight mechanical emergency after examining the flight data and flight voice recorders and could not find evidence that the pilot radioed mechanical trouble before crashing into the mountainside as reported by the White House .
The victems included 8 crew members and one Secret Service agent .
The aircraft and crew were stationed out of Dyess Air Force Base .
Four Marine Pilots , Marine One Presidential Helicopter pilots .
( names not determined ) died : 4/8/00 – all died ( with 15 others ) in a crash of a V - 22 Osprey near Tucson .
Witnesses reported the craft burst into flames in mid-air , then crashed .
DEAD FUNDRAISERS
C. Victor Raiser II , National Finance Co-Chairman , Clinton for President Campaign
Montgomery Raiser .
Son of C. Victor Raiser II
died : 7/30/92 – Both men died in a private plane crash in Alaska , en route to a fishing expedition .
The crash was blamed on the pilot , who survived .
Five others not connected to Clinton died in the crash .
– DeeDee Meyers described Raiser as a " major player " in the Clinton organization .
Victor raiser was also chairman of Mobile Telecomm Technologies Corp. , whose subsidiary , SkyTel Corp. is an international paging company used by federal police agencies such as the FBI .
Victor Raiser was a Washington lawyer and he was counsel to the Washington law firm of Jones Day Reavis & Pogue until 1991 .
At his death , he was the national finance co-chairman of the Clinton for President campaign .
The campaign ’s press secretary , Dee Myers , described him as a " major player " in the Clinton organization .
He and his wife had been friends of the Clintons for ten years .
He was the past national finance chairman of the Democratic National Committee .
He served on the boards of the Democratic Business Council and the Center for National Policy and the board of advisers of the Democratic Leadership Council .
On May 29 , 1993 , President Clinton announced that he had selected Raiser ’s widow , Molly Raiser , 50 , former Democratic co-chair of the Women ’s Campaign Fund , to be his protocol chief and stated that he planned to nominate her for confirmation as an ambassador .
Paul Tully , Democratic National Committee Political Director
died : 9/24/92 – Found dead in a hotel room in Little Rock Arkansas of " unknown causes . "
No autopsy allowed .
– Described by Clinton as a " dear friend and trusted advisor .
Tully authored several key strategies for Clinton and the party .
Paul Tully , 48 , Democratic National Committee political director and architect of a strategy to make the party competitive again in presidential elections , was found dead in his hotel room on September 24 , 1992 , in Little Rock , Arkansas of unknown causes .
Authorities speculated his death was from a heart attack or stroke .
In a press release , then - presidential candidate Clinton called Mr. Tully " a dear friend and trusted adviser . "
He said he was " deeply saddened by the loss . "
Tully devised a strategy of targeting states based on their value in the Electoral College , and coordinating the presidential campaign with state and congressional races .
Ed Willey , Real Estate Attorney , Clinton Fund Raiser
died : 11/30/93 – Died of a shotgun blast to the head .
Body found in deep woods in Virginia .
Ruled a suicide , no note was found .
Died on the same day his wife was sexually assaulted in the White House by Bill Clinton .
– Intimately involved in several Clinton fund raising events .
Hershell Friday , Attorney and Clinton fund raiser .
died : 3/1/94 – Killed when his plane exploded .
Cause unknown .
Duane Garrett , Radio Host and Al Gore fund raiser .
died : 7/26/95 – A lawyer and a talk show host for KGO - AM in San Francisco , Duane was the campaign finance chairman for Diane Fienstein ’s run for the senate , and was a friend and fundraiser for Al Gore .
According to Garrett ’s lawyer , Garrett was under investigation for defrauding investors in Garrett ’s failed sports memorabilia venture .
There was talk of a deal to evade prosecution .
On July 26th , Garrett canceled an afternoon meeting with his lawyer because he had to meet some people at the San Francisco airport .
Three hours later he was found floating in the bay under the Golden Gate Bridge .
Daniel A. Dutko , C-chairman of Leadership 2000
died : 7/26/99 – Daniel A. Dutko , 54 , was the co-chairman of Leadership 2000 , the Democratic National Committee ’s main fund - raising effort .
He held many other high - level political positions , including vice chairman of finance for Clinton - Gore in 1995 ; finance chairman of the 53rd inaugural ball ; and vice chairman of finance for the DNC in 1996 ( when the Chinese money poured in ) .
Attributed to a bicycle accident in which it ’s claimed he struck his head on the concrete twice .
DEAD WITNESSES
Luther Parks , Head of Clinton ’s Gubernatorial security team in Little Rock .
died : 9/26/93 – Gunned down in his car at the intersection of Chenal Parkway and Cantrell Road , near Little Rock .
Parks was shot through the rear window of his car .
The assailant then pulled around to the driver ’s side of Park ’s car and shot him three more times with a 9 mm pistol .
His family reported that shortly before his death , unknown persons were following them , and their home had been broken into ( despite a top quality alarm system ) .
Parks had been compiling a dossier on Clinton ’s illicit activities .
The dossier was stolen .
When news of the discovery of Vincent Foster ’s body came over the news , Parks is reported to have said , " Bill Clinton is cleaning house " .
James Bunch , Influential Texan
died : ??? –
Died from a gunshot suicide , similar to Vince Foster .
–
Was discovered to have a " little black book " containing the names of many influential persons in Texas and Arkansas who visited certain prostitutes .
John Wilson , Former Washington DC Council member
died : 5/18/93 – Found dead from an apparent hanging suicide .
Claimed to have info on Whitewater and was threatening to talk .
Bill Shelton , Arkansas state trooper and fiancée of Kathy Ferguson
died : 6/94 – allegedly committed suicide by shooting himself at the grave site of his fiancée – Officer Shelton was the fiancée of Kathy Ferguson , who was the ex-wife of Trooper Danny Ferguson .
Kathy Ferguson also committed " suicide " 6/94 when she shot herself in her living room .
Oddly , next to the body were her packed bags , as if she was expecting to be going somewhere .
Danny Ferguson is a co-defendant along with Bill Clinton in Paula Corbin Jones ’s sexual harassment suit .
His ex-wife was reported as a corroborating witness for Ms. Jones .
Kathy Furguson , Ex-wife of Trooper Danny Furguson
died : circa 5/94 – Died of a supposed gunshot suicide in her living room .
There was a suicide note found by the body .
However , friends were surprise at having noticed nothing wrong previously .
And even more curious , found nearby were several packed suitcases , as if she expected she was going somewhere .
She was the former wife ( since changed her name ) of Trooper Danny Ferguson , who is the Arkansas State Trooper alleged to have escorted Paula Corbin Jones to the hotel room for her alleged episode of sexual harassment by then - Governor Clinton .
Ferguson ’s wife was reported as a possible corroborating witness for Ms. Jones .
Gandy Baugh , Attorney representing Mr. Lassater in a case concerning alleged financial misconduct .
died : 1/8/94 – Died in an alleged suicide by jumping out of a window of a multi-story building .
– Mr. Lassater was a close associate of Gov. Clinton , and was later indicted on drug related charges , among other things .
Baugh ’s law partner was " suicided " one month later on 2/9/94
Dr. Ronald Rogers , Dentist from Arkansas
Killed in plane crash as he was on his way to an interview with a " London Sunday Telegraph " reporter to reveal some Clinton dirt .
Stanley Huggins , Partner in Memphis law firm
Investigating Madison Guaranty .
Reported to have succumbed to viral pneumonia ( See attack on Russel Welch ) .
His 300 - page report has never been released .
Stanley had been at a Cotton Carnival Party on a Friday night .
He was supposed to escort his wife all week during the 7 day event , but told her he could n’t as something important was going down .
He has recently left the law firm in Little Rock where Hillary C worked and set up a small office in Memphis .
On that Friday night I saw Stan and spoke to him briefly .
He seemed extreemly nervous & about to jump out of his skin .
The word circulated throughout the party that he had been involved in some secretive issue that was under the microscope .
Soon after that we were told by his wife that he had flown up to a NE University to give a speech on a Saturday .
He checked into the provided dorm room , by the university employees that said he looked fine .
When they called up to his room later in the day he did n’t answer the phone , so they went to check on him and found him dead .
His wife has tried to get the hospital records , but they were sealed by JAnet Reno under presidential orders of Clinton .
Over that weekend his Memphis office was broken into and the only noticable thing taken were his files .
Florence Martin , Accountant subcontracting to CIA
Related to the Barry Seal case .
Dead of three gunshot wounds to the head .
At the time of her death she had the account numbers and PIN for a bank account in the Cayman ’s in the name of Barry Seal which held 1.4 million dollars .
Immediately followi9ng her death , the money was moved to someplace in the Virgin Islands .
Calvin Walraven
24 year on Walraven was a key witness in Jocelyn Elder ’s son ’s drug case .
Ten days after Elder ’s son was convicted of trafficking in cocaine , Walraven was found dead in his apartment with a gunshot blast to the head .
Tim Hover , a Little Rock police spokesman says no foul play is suspected .
Neil Moody
Died Aug. 25 , 1996
Following Vincent Foster ’s murder , Lisa Foster married James Moody , a judge in Arkansas , on Jan 1 , 1996 .
Near the time Susan McDougal first went to jail for contempt , Judge Moody ’s son , Neil died in a car crash .
There were other reports that Neil Moody had discovered something very unsettling among his stepmother ’s private papers and was threatening to go public with it just prior to the beginning of the Democratic National Convention .
He was alleged to have been talking to Bob Woodward of the Washington Post about a blockbuster story .
Witnesses said they saw Neil Moody sitting in his car arguing with another person just prior to HIS CAR SUDDENLY SPEEDING OFF OUT OF CONTROL AND HITTING A BRICK WALL .
Johnny Franklin Lawhon , Jr.
Died March 29 , 1998
In the spring of 1997 , a tornado ripped through some junked cars at Johnny ’s transmission and opened up the trunk of a car that proved to have a box of Whitewater records in it , including a copy of a $ 27,000 cashiers check drawn on Madison and payable to Bill Clinton .
Johnny Franklin Lawhon , Sr. realized what he was looking at and turned the box of documents over to the FBI .
According to police , Lawhon Jr. ( the son ) and a friend hit a telephone pole at a high rate of speed after their car had become airborne and left the road .
They had driven less than 1 /4 of a mile at the time of the accident .
This manner of death is similar to the single vehicle accidents that killed Paula Grober , and Neil Moody .
Col. James Sabow
Died 1991
Supposedly about to blow the whistle on drug running activity taking place on the naval base where he was stationed , Col. James Sabow was found by his wife in the backyard of their home with his head blown off with a shotgun .
The Navy ruled it a suicide .
In all , more than 40 deaths by individuals concerned with drug traffic on military bases have been declared as suicides despite evidence that murder was involved .
Eric Butera
An informant who came forward offering information regarding the murder of White House intern Mary Mahoney .
He was then sent into a known crack house to make an undercover buy for the police and was beaten to death .
Maynard Webb
Owned a small aircraft repair business , and had stumbled on several aircraft whose tail numbers were being changed on a regular basis .
Was about to go public when he walked headfirst into a spinning propeller .
Caetano Carani .
Witness to a shooting near the White House .
Suffered an unknown infection just before he was to tesify .
Death attributed to " apparent " food poisoning .
Terrance Yeakey .
First police officer to arrive at the Murrah Building following the OK City bombing .
One year later , his patrol car was found abandoned along a dirt road , the front seat covered with blood .
Officer Yeakey himself was found a short distance away , with cut wounds on both arms and his throat , plus a gunshot through the head .
No gun was ever found , and the death was ruled a suicide .
He had collected together a vast amount of hard data on the bombing of the Murrah building .
That material was never found following his death .
His life had been threatened .
DEAD WOMEN
Suzanne Coleman
Had affair with Clinton when he was attorney general .
Died of " suicide " with gunshot wound to the back of her head .
No autopsy allowed .
Was 7 months pregnant at time of her death .
She had told friends it was Bill Clinton ’s child .
( See Danny Williams ) .
She was 26 at the time of her death .
Paula Grober , Clinton ’s speech interpreter for the deaf .
died : 12/9/92
Died in a one - car accident with no known witnesses .
Her body was thrown 33 feet from the car , indicating a very high speed .
A very attractive women , Paula traveled extensively with Clinton from 1978 until her death .
Clinton , through a spokesman , called Grober ’s death " a great personal loss . "
He also said , " Hillary and I extend our sincere sympathy to Paula ’s family .
I had the privilege of working with her over many years . "
Judy Gibbs , Penthouse model , and call girl
died : 1996
Judy Gibbs ( along with her sister Sharon ) appeared in the December 1979 issue of Penthouse , and later worked at a bordello near Mena , Arkansas which also ran a blackmail operation with photos taken of the customers with their girls .
According to the Gibbs family , Bill Clinton was a regular customer of Judy .
While cooperating with law enforcement in a drug investigation , Judy was burned alive when her house burned down .
In a sworn statement , Clinton bodyguard Barry Spivey related how he had been with the governor when the governor ’s plane had flown over Judy Gibb ’s house and Clinton had shown Judy ’s penthouse photos on the plane and pointed out the house .
DEAD INVESTIGATORS
Paul Wilcher , Washington attorney investigating gun running out of Mena , Arkansas .
died : 6/22/93 – Found dead on a toilet in his Washington apartment .
No cause of death was ever reported by the coroner .
At the time of his death , he was investigating connections between the " October surprise " during the 1980 federal election campaign and drug and gunrunning out of Mena , Arkansas , as well as the BATF assault on the Waco , Texas Branch Davidians .
Was planning on producing a television documentary on his findings .
He had delivered a 105 - page affidavit to Janet Reno detailing the evidence he had collected regarding the drug operation at Mena , just three weeks before his death .
Jon Parnell Walker , RTC investigator
Mysteriously fell to his death from an apartment balcony .
The same apartment which was alleged to have been a secret getaway which Foster may have visited .
COMMERCE DEPARTMENT
DEATHS
Ron Brown , Former Chairman , DNC , died along with 39 other people in an airplane crash in Bosnia .
Brown stated publicly his willingness to make a deal with prosecutors .
Ron Brown , Former Chairman , DNC ; Commerce Secretary
died : 5/3/96 – Ron Brown died along with 39 other people when the T - 43 ( a converted 737 used by the Air Force ) carrying the group on a trip to Bosnia crashed while approaching the Dubrovnik airport .
On the verge of being indicted and having stated publicly his willingness to make a deal with prosecutors , Ron Brown ’s death brought to an end his ability to testify .
As of this writing , Judicial Watch has petitioned for the investigation into on Brown ’s dealings to be expanded to include his death .
( NOTE : Also belongs under dead fundraisers )
Barbara Wise , Commerce Department Staffer
died : 11/29/96 –
As the scandals continued to swirl around the John Huang , one of Huang ’s associates , Barbara Wise , was found dead in her locked office on the fourth floor of the Department of Commerce , partially nude ( by one report completely nude ) and covered with bruises .
No cause of death has ever been announced even though an autopsy was conducted ( prior to next of kin being notified ) .
Calls to the D.C. autopsist , Dr. Jaardemal have gotten an assurance that the bruises were not from being beaten but nothing else .
Despite claims of ongoing illness , no record of a hospital visit in the months leading up to her death has surfaced .
Oddly enough , following the discovery of her body , Bill Clinton made an unscheduled return to the White House from Camp David , claiming he needed a book of poetry in order to complete his inauguration speech .
Charles Meissner , Assistant Secretary of Commerce for International Economic Policy .
John Huang was placed on a Commerce Department contract that allowed him to retain his security clearance by Charles Meissner .
Charles Meissner died on the plane with Ron Brown .
THE HENRY – IVES DEATHS , A.K.A. THE " TRAIN DEATHS "
Kevin Ives & Don Henry
Initial cause of death was reported to be the result of falling asleep on a railroad track in Arkansas on August 23 , 1987 .
This ruling was reported by the State medical examiner Fahmy Malak .
Later it was determined that Kevin died from a crushed skull prior to being placed on the tracks .
Don had been stabbed in the back .
Rumors indicate that they might have stumbled upon part of the Mena drug operation , specifically a drop site in the area of Bauxite and Alexander , Arkansas .
Keith Coney
Keith had information on the Ives / Henry deaths .
Died in a motorcycle accident in July 1988 while being chased by a car .
Ruled a traffic accident .
Keith McKaskle
McKaskle has information on the Ives / Henry deaths .
He was stabbed to death in November 1988 .
He had told his family someone was out to kill him and told tem " good bye " .
Gregory Collins
Greg had information on the Ives / Henry deaths .
He died from a gunshot blast to the face in January 1989 .
Declared a suicide .
Paul Olson
A Federal witness in investigations to drug money corruption in Chicago politics , Paul had just finished 2 days of FBI interviews when his plane ride home crashed , killing Paul and 130 others on Sept 8 1994 .
The Sept. 15 , 1994 Tempe Tribune newspaper reported that the FBI suspected that a bomb had brought down the airplane .
Jeff Rhodes
He had information on the deaths of Ives , Henry & McKaskle .
His burned body was found in a trash dump in April 1989 .
He died of a gunshot wound to the head and there was some body mutilation , specifically that his hands and feet had been partially sawn off , leading to the speculation that he was tortured prior to being killed .
The body was then burned .
James Milam
Milam was decapitated .
The state Medical examiner , Fahmy Malak , initially ruled death due to natural causes , claiming that the victim ’s small dog had eaten the head , which was later recovered from a trash bin several blocks away .
Richard Winters
Winters were a suspect in the deaths of Ives & Henry , and had offered to cooperate .
He was killed by a shotgun blast to the face during a " robbery " in July 1989 , which was subsequently proven to be a setup .
Dan Harmon , the Prosecutor who Winters reportedly made the offer to , has since been implicated in the Kevin / Ives deaths and is now in jail for running his office as a racket .
Jordan Kettleson
Kettleson had information on the Ives & Henry deaths .
He was found shot to death in the front seat of his pickup in June 1990 .
Barry Seal , a drug runner for the CIA out of the Mena airport , knew too much about Clinton ’s involvement .
He was gunned down with machine gun fire .
Barry Seal
Now known to have been a drug runner for the CIA , operating out of the Mena airport , Barry Seal had reportedly kept in contact with Bill Clinton ’s head of security at the governor ’s mansion , Raymond " Buddy " Young , the ex rodeo clown who is now the number 2 man at FEMA .
Following his fall from CIA grace , Barry was sentenced to live at a Salvation Army Housing Complex by a judge who also prohibited Barry Seal to either have any guns or to employ any bodyguards .
Corruption does n’t become any more obvious than this .
Barry was gunned down with machine gun fire in the parking lot of the Salvation Army Housing Complex .
In violation of the court order , Barry had hired bodyguards who worked a rotation schedule .
But the bodyguard who was to be there when Barry was killed never showed up .
That bodyguard , according to video producer Daniel Hopsicker , was a former associate ( meaning drug pilot ) of Barry ’s named William " Bear " Bottoms .
Bottoms continues to this very day to prowl the internet insisting that there never was any drug running operation at Mena , Arkansas .
Anonymous
Barry Seal ’s aircraft mechanic at Mena ( name unknown as of this time ) died March 21 , 1995 of an " overdose of mouthwash " .
Regarded by local authorities as an obvious homicide .
MISC DEATHS / NEAR MISSES
Stanley Heard , Chairman , National Chiropractic Health Care Advisory Committee
Steve Dickson , – Counsel to Mr. Heard
died : 9/10/93
Both died in a plane crash outside Dulles airport , after their aircraft , rented after Heard ’s personal craft developed troubles , crashed while attempting an emergency landing after reporting a fire on board .
Let ’s repeat that .
They took off in a plane .
It developed problems .
They got it back to the airport .
They rented a new plane .
They took off in the new rented plane and IT developed a problem .
On the way back to the airport it crashed .
– Heard , in addition to serving on Clinton ’s advisory council , also personally treated Clinton ’s mother , stepfather , and brother .
Carlos Ghigliotti , Thermal Imaging Expert
Carlos Ghigliotti : 42 , was found dead in his home just outside of Washington D.C. on April 28 , 2000 .
There was no sign of a break - in or struggle at the firm of Infrared Technology where the badly decomposed body of Ghigliotti was found .
Ghigliotti had not been seen for several weeks .
Ghigliotti , a thermal imaging analyst hired by the House Government Reform Committee to review tape of the siege , said he determined the FBI fired shots on April 19 , 1993 .
The FBI has explained the light bursts on infrared footage as reflections of sun rays on shards of glass or other debris that littered the scene .
Don Adams
Died Jan 7 1997
Long before Whitewater ’s land flips made the Clinton ’s circle of friends rich , many of the same players had been involved in a similar land swindle in Branson .
Don Adams was a lawyer in Arkansas who got involved trying to help the people who were being swindled out of their life savings .
Jim Wilhite , Vice Chairman , Arkla , Inc .
died : 12/21/92 – Died in a one - person skiing accident .
– Wilhite had extensive ties with Clinton and Mack McLarty , with whom he visited by telephone just hours before his death .
Theodore Williams , Jr. , Bettie Currie ’s brother .
died : 12/16/97 – Traffic accident .
A passing car hit the brother of Presidential Secretary Betty Currie after his own car had somehow run off the road .
Bill Clinton called Monica Lewinsky at 2:00 AM the next morning to tell her of the death and alert Monica that her named appeared on the Paula Jones witness list .
Betty ’s brother had also been beaten shortly before Betty testified in a previous matter .
INSLAW deaths :
Larry Guerrin
Was killed in February 1987 while investigating the INSLAW case .
Alan Standorf
An employee of the National Security Agency in electronic intelligence .
Standorf was a source of information for Danny Casalaro who was investigating INSLAW , BCCI , etc. Standorf ’s body was found in the backseat of a car at Washington National Airport on Jan 31 , 1991 .
Dennis Eisman
An attorney with information on INSLAW .
Eisman was found shot to death on April 5 , 1991 .
Danny Casalaro
Danny was a free - lance reporter and writer who was investigating the " October Surprise " , INSLAW and BCCI .
Danny was found dead in a bathtub in a Sheraton Hotel room in Martinsburg , Virginia .
Danny was staying at the hotel while keeping appointments in the DC area pertinent to his investigation .
He was found with his wrists slashed .
At least one , and possibly both of his wrists were cut 10 times .
All of his research materials were missing and have never been recovered .
Ian Spiro
Spiro had supporting documentation for grand jury proceedings on the INSLAW case .
His wife and 3 children were found murdered on November 1 , 1992 in their home .
The all died of gunshot wounds to the head .
Ian ’s body was found several days later in a parked car in the Borego Desert .
Cause of death ?
The ingestion of cyanide .
Declared a murder / suicide .
Wounded or attempted murder :
Gary Johnson
Not dead , but beaten near death and left for dead .
Had videotapes of Clinton entering Gennifer Flowers ’ apartment .
His tapes were taken .
Dennis Patrick
Court clerk .
Had millions of dollars laundered through his account at Lassater & Co without his knowledge .
Four attempts on his life .
L.J. Davis
Reporter investigating Clinton scandals .
Attacked at his hotel room in Little Rock .
His notes were stolen .
Larry Nichols
Former official at ADFA and author of " The Clinton Chronicles . "
The man who broke many of the Clinton scandal stories .
Several attempts on his life .
Russel Welch
Infected with military grade anthrax .
Charles Wilbourne Miller
Died 1/12/99 .
Vice President and Board Member for Alltel , the computer company that wrote the White House " Big Brother " computer system .
Found shot to death with two guns .
Multiple shots had been fired .
Declared a suicide .
Gordon Matteson
Died 5/15/97 .
Clinton associate .
Shot in the head .
Declared a suicide .
David Drye
Died 8/1999 .
Pat Matrisciana , owner of " Jeremiah Films " ( which produces such vides as The Clinton Chronicles ) , and David Drye planned a trip to Washington DC by Private plane .
At the last second , pat had to cancel and David left without him , dying when the plane crashed .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I love gratitude stories .
You know the type : a disguised master meets a beginner .
With his sharp intuition , the master sees something in the beginner that he did n’t see : a certain talent , a quality or a precious personality trait .
And , without revealing his true identity , the master gives the beginners a chance .
He points him to a specific direction or just push him to do some work .
Make him use his precious , yet hidden talent .
In years , the beginners become a new master .
And somewhere near the top of his career , the beginner , now a master , remembers that story and tells it to world : “ If it was n’t for that master , I would n’t be here now .
He saw something in me that I did n’t .
He made me chose my path .
Thanks to him , I am now a master , ready to teach others . ”
I ’m telling you , I ’m in love with these stories .
That specific moment in which the master sees “ through ” the other person is the key .
That moment is the ignition of a new existence .
That subtle moment in which the reality veils are transparent changes an entire life .
What ’s interesting is that most of the time us , the beginners , do n’t even realize that .
We just follow somebody ’s advice and , magically , everything starts to “ click ” around us .
We ’re suddenly on the right path .
And we do n’t know we actually met a master until 20 years have passed .
Seeing the Invisible
Now , how exactly a master sees “ through ” a person ?
Is this specific ability something you learn ?
Or something you just naturally get when you ’re born ?
Is this a gift ?
A special talent ?
I always was curious about that .
Browsing through those gratitude stories , an idea popped out .
What if ?…
What if the master does n’t see the invisible ?
What if the master is not aware of any hidden talent in the beginner ?
And he ’s just planting a seed ?
Now , that ’s something to think about , right ?
What if instead of seeing something which is already there , he is just imagining something that could be ?
Maybe the master is just “ seeing ” the beginner in 20 years as a master , nothing more .
He trust the beginner to become a master .
Maybe there ’s nothing really special about that beginner and all that ’s happening is just a simple , human hope that the master set up for the person in front of him .
“ Just do that , and everything will be fine with you ” , tells the master , and the beginner , relieved and sure that now everything will be fine , start doing what he does best .
The more I read those gratitude stories about masters and beginners , the more I ’m inclined to think that masters are just setting up high expectations .
They see something , but what they really see is something which is not there .
Yet .
It ’s just a hope , a potential .
In the end , it ’s the beginner ’s hard work which makes that hope real , not that hidden quality .
Meet Your Master
If there ’s nothing magic about those masters , if they ’re human just like us and they do n’t need anything supernatural to “ see ” , it means we can play a little game .
If all you need to be a master is to set a high hope , why do n’t just do it yourself ?
Like right now .
Let ’s start a game in which the players are you and the future you .
Pretend you ’re the master .
Play this role .
Look at yourself and “ see ” something you want to become .
The person you ’ll be in 20 years from now .
How is that person ?
Happy ?
Balanced ?
Successful ?
You ’re the master , you can “ see ” that person anyway you want .
You ’ll make a difference around you ?
You ’re going to create something fantastic ?
See it .
Remember , you are the master , you can see it .
And once you focused on that image , just tell to yourself that everything will be fine .
“ Just do your best and everything will click around ” .
And keep thinking to yourself : “ I ’m the master and I know that for sure ” .
All you have to do now is to follow the master ’s advice .
Start doing your best , relieved and sure that everything will be fine .
As innocent as it may seem , this game is really , really powerful .
Because it makes you understand the only real difference between you and a life master : the life master knows that everything is possible .
That ’s the only difference between a beginner and a mentor : the mentor knows through his own experience that there are n’t any limits to what can be accomplished .
Maybe he tells you to insist on a certain quality you have , but it ’s not that quality which makes you stand out and be successful .
It ’s your own work and determination and trust .
Nothing is really impossible .
Just think about it …
Give Yourself A Chance
What if you are the master who sees something in yourself nobody else ’s sees ?
What if you plant a seed so valuable yet so hidden in you that , within years of constant effort and work , will make you the master of your own life ?
Why do n’t you give yourself a chance ?
20 years from now , near the top of your career , you ’re going to tell one of those gratitude stories I love so much : you ’re going to thank to yourself . 🙂
The scramble for survival in the New York publishing world provoked by the rise of the ebook has become so ruthless it makes the Wild West look like a Swiss finishing school .
Authors and publishers are squabbling over rights , internet retailers are slugging it out with bookshops , and tech companies are climbing over each other to produce an ebook reader that can challenge Amazon 's hit , the Kindle .
The latest blast of gunfire has come from one of America 's leading authors in the highly lucrative market of business self - help books .
Stephen Covey has announced he is selling exclusive digital rights to two of his bestsellers – The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People , and Principle - Centered Leadership – to Amazon , bypassing the traditional publisher , Simon & Schuster , that has up to now handled all his output .
The move has put a chill over New York publishing houses already struggling to keep up with the ebook revolution .
One of their big fears is that of becoming separated from their backlists , the titles that act as the cash cows of the industry , bringing in a steady and increasingly crucial income in the insecure digital world .
As jitters spread , some big publishers have moved to defend what they claim is theirs – the digital rights to the backlist .
Random
House startled many in the book world this week by sending a letter to agents informing them that , in its view , the publishing house holds the exclusive rights to digital editions of the " vast majority " of its backlist titles .
That made authors and their agents see red .
They pointed to a ruling by the New York courts as far back as 2002 in which Random House itself failed in an attempt to block on ebook firm from publishing works by the late William Styron , author of Sophie 's Choice , and Kurt Vonnegut .
The ruling , upheld on appeal , found that copyright for books that were written before digital publishing existed , remained with the author .
Arthur Klebanoff , head of RosettaBooks , the ebook company that beat off Random House in 2002 , secured Covey 's exclusive deal this week with Amazon .
He said : " We are very clear about this , the author controls the rights unless it is specified otherwise , and that was settled by the courts years ago . "
Simon & Schuster , which took a knock over the Covey deal , was taking a softer stance than Random House but not accepting defeat .
Adam Rotherberg , a spokesman , would not comment on Covey specifically , but said in general terms it was the company 's " intention to publish the electronic editions to our backlist titles " .
Simon & Schuster , like other big houses , is trying to protect income from print books by delaying the publication of new ebooks by four or six months after release of the hardback editions .
The spat in the US stands in contrast to Britain , where publishers broadly accept that they do not have the rights to the ebook editions of older titles , and authors accept that they should avoid offering ebooks to other publishers .
" There is a kind of gentleman 's agreement , " said Anthony Goff , an agent with David Higham , who heads the trade association for literary agents in the UK .
One reason for panic in the US is that there the ebook market has already grown to a significant size .
Almost $ 16 m ( nearly £ 9 m ) of ebooks were sold in September , a year - on - year growth of 171 % .
Amazon enjoys the lion 's share of that market through its website and popular Kindle , and the deal with Covey is an indication that it intends to tighten its grip .
This year about three million e-readers have been sold in the US , a number that could double in 2010 .
Although the Kindle is the industry leader it is facing strong competition from the Sony Reader and the Nook , a new offering from book chain Barnes & Noble .
A further shake - up lies ahead when Apple wades in , as expected in the spring , with the Apple Tablet .
As these behemoths fight it out in an increasingly ungainly display of muscle , the big question is what happens to authors and their readers , which is after all what the fuss is about .
Bestselling names such as Covey are likely to prosper , as will their fans who will benefit from knockdown prices .
Amazon is selling some titles for as little as $ 7.99 , massively below their paper price .
Less well - known authors have yet to reap any rewards .
Paul Aiken , head of the Authors Guild , pointed out that most ebook deals award authors 25 % of royalties , which , given the lower costs of publishing digitally , is only about a half of the accepted rate in print books .
" Up to now that has n't been much of an issue , because the ebook market was so tiny , " Aiken said .
" Now that 's changing , and authors with clout are starting to demand more . "
• This article was amended on Thursday 17 December 2009 .
We said Simon & Schuster " in tandem with other big houses " is trying to protect income from print books by delaying the publication of new ebooks after release of the hardback editions .
To clarify , we meant to say the company is pursuing a similar strategy to others , not that it is co-ordinating its strategy with them .
This has been corrected .
Last week , Mike Allen and Jim Vandehei at Politico reported that the White House planned on making deficit reduction a centerpiece of the next State of the Union address .
Allen and Vandehei called the decision “ practical ” saying that “ Obama has spent more money on new programs in nine months than Bill Clinton did in eight years , pushing the annual deficit to $ 1.4 trillion .
This leaves little room for big spending initiatives . ”
This fact is taken completely out of the context of the recession .
The title of the article refers to the White House ’s “ spending binge . ”
The deficits , tax cuts , and spending of the previous administration are ignored entirely .
It ’s not exactly news that most members of MSM are almost purposely amnesiac .
There is no greater insult to a reporter than to call his story “ history . ”
And yet once upon a time , it was only yesterday that was old news .
Nowadays , with the new neverending cable / talk - radio / blogosphere - driven news cycle , we are all supposed to have forgotten the past fifteen minutes .
( There is actually a headline on the Drudge Report as I write this that the Associated Press went to the trouble of looking at the record and seeing whether any of the outrageous claims made in Sarah Palin ’s memoir are true .
The idea appears to be if it says so in a book , it ’s wrong of a journalist to actually check the record .
The ( surprise , surprise ) Fox News story contains no link to the AP story , further making the point that the record is really irrelevant to the story . )
So back to Obama ’s “ spending binge . ”
Even if the Politico editors are not interested in what may have happened in the past eight years to cause some of the deficits with which the Obama administration is forced to deal , we are .
And here are just a couple of examples we found :
The Bush tax cuts :
When the Bush tax cuts sunset at the end of 2010 , the previous administration will have left the government holding the bag for well over $ 2 trillion in lost revenue .
The extraordinary debt and deficits accrued during Bush ’s tenure have been compounded by the implosion of the financial system .
In addition , the estimated eventual costs of the costly , unnecessary , and counterproductive Iraq war are now in the trillions to say nothing of the costs of more than six years of failure in Afghanistan .
What have they done for America ?
As David Cay Johnston , a former New York Times reporter , recently noted , based on data compiled by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center , by the time the Bush tax cuts expire next year , people in the top one percentile of annual household incomes will have received 23.5 percent of all the savings in the cuts .
The combined savings of the bottom three income brackets was less than that .
In 2004 , Peter Orszag , the current director of the Office of Management and Budget , wrote extensively on the costs of the Bush tax cuts as a fellow at the Brookings Institution .
He explained that the only way to make the tax cuts permanent and fill the budget gap would be to make enormous cuts in vital government services or to institute new regressive taxes .
Were the cuts paid for , the burden would fall on those in the lower income brackets in both spending cuts to services and increased taxes .
Up to this point , the Bush tax cuts have not been paid for in either significant cuts in spending or tax increases — merely with increased debt .
David Cay Johnston pointed out that the interest on that debt equals “ a month worth of income taxes paid to the government by individuals . ”
The Bush war :
The opaque appropriations process for funding the Iraq war has generally allowed the Bush administration to shield itself from a great deal of scrutiny by the public on the total cost of the war .
Congress approved “ bridge funding ” and emergency spending requests and so the full costs of the war were kept out of the budget .
None of the dollar amounts for the funding requests have been included in the Pentagon ’s annual operating budget .
So what does the Iraq war really cost ?
As early as 2006 , Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Blimes estimated that the cost of the war could exceed $ 2 trillion , including health care for veterans and other expenses .
The Congressional Budget Office , in 2008 , called it a $ 1 trillion war , but a trillion strikes us as an overly modest estimation today .
Andrew Bacevich , a professor of international relations at Boston University and a former Army colonel , wrote in 2008 , “ Meanwhile , to fund the war , the Pentagon is burning through somewhere between $ 2 billion and $ 3 billion per week .
Given that further changes in U.S. policy are unlikely between now and the time that the next administration can take office and get its bearings , the lavish expenditure of American lives and treasure is almost certain to continue indefinitely . ”
Afganistan :
The legacy of Bush ’s runaway military spending and his tax cuts is doing more than just destroying the fiscal health of our government — it is also endangering our security .
Look at Afghanistan .
According to a recent report in The New York Times , “ Some administration estimates suggest it could also cost up to $ 50 billion over five years to more than double the size of the Afghan army and police force , to a total of 400,000 .
That includes recruiting , training and equipment . ”
David Broder , dean of the national press corps , has actually written that Obama ’s “ urgent necessity is to make a decision — whether or not it is right . ”
That is how far we ’ve come .
Never mind that six years of a failed strategy by the Bush administration , to say nothing of rushing into a catastrophic war , and busting the budget with a giveaway to the rich tax cut , should be considered in the context of the decision .
“ Just do something ” says Broder , regardless of whether it makes sense .
Learn nothing from history .
Repeat our mistakes over and over , regardless of the cost in blood and treasure to our country and our soldiers .
Forget not only Iraq , but Vietnam as well .
It ’s hard to believe , I know , but there it is in black and white … .
Eric Alterman is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress and a Distinguished Professor of English at Brooklyn College .
He is also a Nation columnist and a professor of journalism at the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism .
His seventh book , Why We ’re Liberals : A Handbook for Restoring America ’s Most Important Ideals , was recently published in paperback .
He occasionally blogs at http://www.thenation.com/blogs/altercation and is a regular contributor to The Daily Beast .
Dense Population of Sex Offenders in Fla. Case Is Alarmingly Typical Experts say density of offenders near Somer Thompson 's home is not unusual .
Oct. 21 , 2009  --
There are so many sex offenders living within blocks of where 7 - year - old Somer Thompson vanished Monday that when their homes are represented by pins on a digital map they create a cluster so thick it overlaps in places .
Law enforcement officials have interviewed at least 75 registered sex offenders who live within a 5 - mile radius of the second grader 's home on Orange Park , Fla. , but state officials say there are some 161 convicted offenders in that area .
Experts say despite what appears to be an extraordinary concentration , the number of local offenders is actually quite typical for an area so close to a major city .
Most people , they say , have no idea just how many sex offenders are living in their neighborhood .
" In spite of appearing it to be a lot , that 's about average , " said Ron Book , a Florida lawyer who lobbies for tougher sex - offender legislation .
" Some areas have hundreds of offenders . "
According to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , which maintains the state 's sex offender registry , there are some 82 sex offenders living with a 3 - mile radius of Somer 's home in Orange Park , a suburb of Jacksonville , and 161 registered offenders within a 5 mile radius .
By contrast there are 10 McDonald 's restaurants in the same 5 mile radius .
State officials would not comment on whether they believed 161 offenders in the area was a high or moderate density .
But Professor David Finkelhor , director of the Crimes against Children Research Center at the University of New Hampshire , agreed that 161 sex offenders in a 5 - mile area that included parts of a major city is not necessarily a high density .
" Different states have different policies about what level of sex offenders are required to register .
You can have over 1,000 offenders in an urban area without much difficulty .
It sounds scary to people , but many states have registration regimes that include people who are not all that dangerous , " he said .
The 5 - mile radius around Somer 's home in 1700 block of Horton Dr. in Orange Park includes parts of the city of Jacksonville , the largest and most populous city in Florida .
There are some 53,201 registered sex offenders in the entire state of Florida .
Of those , 318 live in Clay County , where Orange Park is located and an additional 1,671 live in Duvall County , where Jacksonville is located .
The ratio of residents to sex offenders in Jacksonville is estimated at 486 to 1 .
Of the 161 offenders in the area , 16 are classified as predators , which generally means the offender was convicted of a first - degree felony sex offense – many of which involve the molestation of children .
Laws about where sex offenders are allowed to live vary from county to county and depend on the severity and nature of the crime for which the criminal was convicted .
Book said sex offenders often cluster together in part because of laws that restrict the places in which they can live .
Though high concentrations of offenders appear to be problematic , high densities actually help police .
" Some laws have forced clustering .
While that appears to have a downside , some say it 's a good thing from a law enforcement prospective .
If you have clustering its easier for parole , probation and police officials to keep track of them , " he said .
Some offenders are not permitted to live within 1,000 feet of a school or are banned from activities like distributing candy on Halloween , said Mike Morrison spokesman for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement .
Ten registered offenders live within 1 mile of Somer 's school , Grove Park Elementary , a 10 - minute walk from her home .
Finkelhor said sex offenders tend to have lower recidivism rates than other felons , and many of the worst crimes are committed by first - time offenders .
However , he said , it 's well worth law enforcement officials ' time to interview offenders who have a history of crimes against children .
" One of the best and most important uses of registries is as tool of law enforcement , so they can identify individuals who have committed similar crimes .
It is important to check those people out . "
The search for Somer entered its third day Wednesday , as hundreds of local , state and federal authorities scoured the area around which the second grader was last seen .
With no physical evidence and no leads , police are hoping the interviews might help in the search for Thompson , who ran ahead of her friends and siblings while making the short walk home from her elementary school around 3 p.m. Monday .
" This case is very troubling in that we just do n't have a lot of information , " Clay County Sheriff Rick Beseler told " Good Morning America , " adding , " We really believe that ...
Somer has been removed from the area . "
A group of Twin Cities Quakers has decided to stop signing marriage certificates for opposite - sex couples until the state legalizes gay marriage .
" We 're simply trying to be consistent with the will of God as we perceive it , " said Paul Landskroener , clerk of the Twin Cities Friends Meeting , in an interview with MPR's All Things Considered on Monday .
The congregation will continue to hold both opposite - sex and same - sex weddings at its meeting house , but will no longer sign the legal marriage certificate for opposite - sex couples .
Instead , couples will need to have the certificate signed by a justice of the peace .
" Everything else proceeds as it normally has , except that we will not sign the marriage certificate , " Landskroener said .
Unlike many churches , Quakers do not have ordained ministers .
Couples are married by appearing before the congregation and speaking their vows to each other .
Several witnesses then sign the marriage certificate to pronounce the couple legally married .
The Twin Cities Friends Meeting reached its decision in November after three years of discussion .
The group plans to revisit the decision in three years .
" The simplest way to say it is we feel very strongly and very clearly led that in the present time we simply cannot continue to participate in what we believe to be an unjust and inconsistent with our religious testimonies legal marriage procedure , " Landskroener said .
The congregation is one of a handful of Quaker Meetings nationwide to decide to stop signing marriage certificates .
I can't claim the same courage as these folks because I 've always been fickle in partisan terms .
To have supported Reagan and Bush and Clinton and Dole and Bush and Kerry and Obama suggests I never had a party to quit .
I think that may be because I was n't born here .
I have no deep loyalty to either American party in my bones or family or background , and admire presidents from both parties .
My partisanship remains solely British - I 'm a loyal Tory .
But my attachment to the Anglo - American conservative political tradition , as I understand it , is real and deep and the result of sincere reflection on the world as I see it .
And I want that tradition to survive because I believe it is a vital complement to liberalism in sustaining the genius and wonder of the modern West .
For these reasons , I found it intolerable after 2003 to support the movement that goes by the name " conservative " in America .
I still do , even though I am much more of a limited government type than almost any Democrat and cannot bring myself to call myself a liberal ( because I 'm not ) .
My reasons were not dissimilar to Charles Johnson , who , like me , was horrified by 9/11 , loathes Jihadism , and wants to defeat it as effectively as possible .
And his little manifesto prompts me to write my own ( the full version is in " The Conservative Soul " ) .
Here goes :
I cannot support a movement that claims to believe in limited government but backed an unlimited domestic and foreign policy presidency that assumed illegal , extra-constitutional dictatorial powers until forced by the system to return to the rule of law .
I cannot support a movement that exploded spending and borrowing and blames its successor for the debt .
I cannot support a movement that so abandoned government 's minimal and vital role to police markets and address natural disasters that it gave us Katrina and the financial meltdown of 2008 .
I cannot support a movement that holds torture as a core value .
I cannot support a movement that holds that purely religious doctrine should govern civil political decisions and that uses the sacredness of religious faith for the pursuit of worldly power .
I cannot support a movement that is deeply homophobic , cynically deploys fear of homosexuals to win votes , and gives off such a racist vibe that its share of the minority vote remains pitiful .
I cannot support a movement which has no real respect for the institutions of government and is prepared to use any tactic and any means to fight political warfare rather than conduct a political conversation .
I cannot support a movement that sees permanent war as compatible with liberal democratic norms and limited government .
I cannot support a movement that criminalizes private behavior in the war on drugs .
I cannot support a movement that would back a vice - presidential candidate manifestly unqualified and duplicitous because of identity politics and electoral cynicism .
My students love a good scare , but are too scared of the challenge of reading .
I teach 10th grade English in an inner-city school in Texas , where the majority of the student body live well below the poverty line and the English department lacks the funds to replace worn - out and out - dated paperbacks .
Most of my students have never read an entire book in class , let alone at home alone .
Yet one day I stumbled upon an interest we all shared : Horror ( zombies , in particular ) .
I began describing a favorite book of mine , and my kids were salivating to read it for themselves , clamoring to borrow my personal copy , and adding their name to the ever - growing waiting list .
Buying one copy for myself is not a problem ( nor are the replacement copies for when the original falls apart from continued usage ) , but I would love to have a class set of the novel so that we can read it and discuss it together .
We need 30 copies of World War Z by Max Brooks .
Having a class set of the novel opens incredible doors for my students .
While they struggle through " canonical " books like " Animal Farm " and " Lord of the Flies , " my students can't get enough of " World War Z . "
It has opened their eyes to a world they 've ignored ( or been barred from ) for a very long time .
I am eager to implement an entire unit around the novel , focusing not only on the incredible literary value of the novel , but expanding it beyond the pages to apply directly to their lives .
The novel is not simply about zombies running a -muck .
The book speaks about the innate human capacity to survive , to overcome adversity , and to meet difficulties head on .
Though my kids will ( hopefully ) never experience the threat of extermination at the hands of zombies , they will all face their own " personal zombies . "
What they do in those situations is what proves their true worth .
Your help will ensure that my students not only experience the pleasure of reading for reading 's sake , but also open their eyes to a world of books beyond " dead white guys in wigs " ( as one of my students is fond of saying ) .
If I can hook students in my class onto reading , there is a ripple effect , where that joy is spread to friends and family , and hopefully more people in my students ' lives begin to pick up books .
If a student learns that reading can be fun , and not the torturous experience he has come to expect , he is more likely to pick up a book of his own volition , raising his not only his vocabulary and reading comprehension , but chances that he will succeed in any endeavor post high school .
Not to mention the added bonus of now having the survival skills to survive the zombie apocalypse .
KIGALI , Rwanda —
If your last exposure to this East African country was the movie " Hotel Rwanda , " you have some catching up to do .
In the 15 years since the genocide of 1994 brought Rwanda international notoriety , the country has been on a development tear .
It is orderly and calm ; this year , the World Bank ranked it as the top pro-business reformer in the world .
Now , Rwanda is attempting to position itself on the cutting edge of tech in East Africa .
There are plans — none completed so far — to provide a network of fiber optic cables , citywide WiFi in the capital , and one laptop for every child in the country by 2020 .
As President Paul Kagame puts it in a statement on the Rwanda Development Board ’s website , “ In Africa , we have missed both the agricultural and industrial revolutions and in Rwanda we are determined to take full advantage of the digital revolution . ”
Some foreigners in the capital scoff at the idea — Rwanda is a very poor country , and it ’s still easier to get online in some neighboring countries .
But many other observers , both locally and internationally , think Rwanda may be on to something .
On a recent evening in Kigali ’s Blues Cafe , across a parking lot from the posh Union Trading Center mall , and in view of the Hotel des Milles Collines — the real - life Hotel Rwanda — Maurice Masozera talked about the future of tech in the country .
Lanky and with a smile fitted in a retainer , the 27 - year - old part - time programmer is a member of the Kigali Coders , a group of local techies who do freelance computer support in the city .
“ When you look at people here , especially the youth , they are visionary — working hard , ” Masozera said as he sipped a mug of warm milk .
A soccer match played on a flatscreen TV on the wall to his left .
“ If we keep up the trend and momentum , we can achieve some pretty good things . ”
Masozera ’s own evolution into a tech enthusiast encapsulates both the possibilities and challenges to Rwanda achieving its vision .
Like many Rwandans , he is a member of the diaspora who returned .
Masozera grew up in Burundi and speaks French , English , Kinyarwanda , Kirundi and Kiswahili .
And , like his country , Masozera is a relative newcomer to the internet but a voracious learner .
He ’s competent in JavaScript , Microsoft Visual Basic and HTML , but he did n’t get online until the year 2000 .
The learning curve was extremely steep , and he quickly graduated from being a consumer to a creator of content .
“ I wanted to move from watching Kobe Bryant online ” — Masozera ’s favorite basketball player — “ to creating content , ” he said .
He got a degree from the National University of Rwanda , but most of his programming acumen was self - taught .
On the other hand , Masozera has been unable to give up his day job in a non-governmental organization to start a programming operation full time , because he feels uncertain about his financial security .
A tech revolution requires more than tech ; it also needs available credit , investors , and space to take risks — a whole architecture of institutions that Rwanda is still trying to build .
For a country in which there are no ATMs that accept international cards , Rwanda probably has a long way to go before it becomes East Africa 's Silicon Valley .
“ The problem is still financial security , ” Masozera said .
“ But maybe the [ tech ] trend will create the opportunities for business . ”
There are also the issues of low education levels , illiteracy and poverty , notwithstanding Rwanda ’s remarkable recovery from war .
Just 65 percent of the population is literate , and gross domestic product per capita is only $ 866 , according to the United Nations .
People like Masozera are impressive advocates for tech in Rwanda , but they hardly represent the average person .
And Rwanda still lags far behind richer and more urban Kenya and Uganda in internet penetration — it ’s 2.8 percent in Rwanda , and more than 8.6 and 7.7 percent , respectively , in Kenya and Uganda , according to International Telecommunication Union figures .
Both those countries also have larger pools of experienced entrepreneurs and more of an organic geek scene , people working in tech say , without the support of government .
Still , Rwanda is definitely getting noticed in tech circles .
“ Rwanda is surprising , ” said Jon Gosier , an American who heads Appfrica , an “ incubator ” for East African software developers in Kampala .
“ You go there and you ’re like , ' Wow , this could be anywhere in the U.S. ' ”
When it comes to tech , he added , “ I think Kagame is doing brilliant things for the country . ”
Masozera is optimistic , too .
“ The work is very much recognized by the government , ” he said .
His message to those who still think Rwanda is all about strife and instability ?
“ Just come and see , ” he said with a smile .
Mailman forgets to put his truck and it rolls out into traffic makes a loop and comes right back to him like nothing happened !!
WASHINGTON --
The Senate 's health bill will keep insurance premiums roughly the same for most Americans and may raise them for some people who buy coverage on their own , according to a new analysis that came the day the Senate kicked off debate on the bill .
Democrats and the White House have described the bill as a powerful mechanism for lowering health costs , both for the government and for Americans who face sharply rising insurance premiums .
The ...
No one needs one .
They tend to be seriously expensive .
There 's a recession on .
And yet magazines today are stuffed with adverts for power watches – and the industry is booming
An ordinary , inexpensive watch by a relatively unknown manufacturer has recently racked up millions of sales in America and is set to do the same here .
Its success has nothing to do with its design , or a huge marketing campaign , but the fact that it is the timepiece currently favoured by the president of the US .
The Jorg Gray 6500 Chronometer , originally designed for members of the US Secret Service , was a birthday gift to Barack Obama from a member of his security team .
When the £ 260 model – which made subtle appearances at Obama 's Democratic nomination in Denver , his victory speech in Chicago , Inauguration Day and the G20 summit in London – was identified by Jeff Stein , an Atlanta - based lawyer and horological hobbyist , its commercial success was guaranteed .
Not because of what it offered as a watch – the battery - powered model does little more than tell the time and provide a stopwatch – but because of its association .
Owning one of these puts you in the same club as the most powerful man in the world ; and men like being members of clubs like that .
Watches are big business these days .
And the last five years have seen extraordinary growth in the sector .
The Swiss watch industry , for example , saw its exports grow from £ 2.5 bn in 1986 to £ 10bn in 2008 .
All this despite the fact that the primary function of the watch – to tell the time – has been rendered pretty much obsolete by the invention of the mobile phone and the BlackBerry .
So why are we still buying them ?
Why do heads of state still give watches to their hosts on the occasion of state visits ?
( Silvio Berlusconi must have handed dozens to Tony Blair over the years . )
Why did Bernie Madoff own 17 Rolexes and seven Cartiers ?
Why are the most common items stolen from wealthy footballers in Cheshire not sports cars but watches ?
Why are the pages of men's magazines such as Esquire and GQ , or publications such as the Spectator and the New Yorker , festooned with glossy advertisements featuring A - list celebrities wearing watches that cost many thousands of pounds each ?
It was n't so long ago that your father would hand you a gold - plated watch on your 21st birthday and that would be that .
It never crossed a man 's mind that he might need to add another two or three by the time he hit 30 .
And it certainly never crossed his mind that when he reached 40 he might be grateful to receive a smart wooden box with different felt - lined compartments in which to keep his " collection " of watches .
The fact that men are still buying and cherishing quality timepieces is of great comfort to an industry that , in the early 1970s , thought its time , if you will excuse the pun , had come .
The invention of the quartz watch ( in analog or digital form ) in 1967 might initially have been hailed a great technological achievement , but it was n't long before it was also seen as the biggest challenge the traditional timepiece had faced since the wristwatch first became popular at the end of the first world war .
The fact that a cheap Casio with a flashing LED time display was what every young hipster soon craved , coupled with the economic doldrums in which the world found itself in the 1970s , spelled disaster .
It took a few years of navel - gazing and re-evaluating what a watch was truly for before , in the mid-1980s , a few forceful and inventive characters in the industry came back with a design philosophy and marketing programme that brought the sector back from the brink .
These horological pioneers decided that watches would not merely be timekeepers , they would be mini-masterpieces that showcased extreme craftsmanship , represented tradition , incorporated technology and embraced innovation .
They would effectively be a Savile Row suit , Ferrari sports car , Mayfair member 's club and Nasa spaceship rolled into one package that could sit neatly on your wrist .
And despite their size , and passive presence , watches could even have a hint of sport , danger and adventure about them .
It was 25 years ago , for example , that Tag Heuer signed a deal with the formula one McLaren team and suddenly its timepieces were associated with one of the world 's most glamorous , high - octane sports .
What man would n't want to have a little part of that – even if the closest he got to the Monaco Grand Prix was a 15 - minute commute on London Underground 's Circle line ?
The idea that technology would deal a fatal blow to the watch , simply has n't panned out .
Men now own mobile phones and BlackBerrys as well as , not instead of , their timepieces .
Watches are one of the few items that a man can wear that he believes display true character , signal that he is a member of a particular club – whether it's an Audemars Piguet or a Swatch – and indulge in a little dose of extravagance without , generally , drawing criticism .
Watches are the acceptable face of male jewellery : bangles can be iffy , signet rings dodgy , ear studs a no - no and gold chains risible .
A Rolex or a Jaeger LeCoultre , however , whether it 's gold , platinum or stainless steel , is viewed as wholly acceptable .
Antoine Pin , managing director of LVMH's UK watch and jewellery business , points out that men's dress codes are quite limited .
" Our wardrobes consist mainly of suits , shirts , sweaters and jeans , so a watch is one of the few places that you can express your personality , or the way that you are feeling , " he says .
Pin also points out that the only other item that men traditionally use to express themselves , or to show off with , is their car .
But the flashy car is becoming less popular : not only are cars big , expensive , environmentally unsound , dangerous and declasse , but they have another major disadvantage compared to the watch : they are parked in the garage rather than being displayed where all can see them .
A watch is a Porsche that you can take to meetings – and it does n't harm the planet either .
To take full advantage of all this , the watch industry has done three things : one , made its creations technologically advanced and awe - inspiringly complicated in construction , ever more like a world - class sports car in fact ; two , made sure that it continually introduces new models ; three , spent a lot of money letting us know about them .
Hence those wall - to - wall glossy adverts .
The technology aspect is , of course , crucial .
Men are , intrinsically , nerdy ; they love nothing more than an item that not only looks good but has myriad functions and a construction that will have taken a lot of craftsmen a lot of time .
One highly collectible Patek Philippe model , the limited - edition Calibre 89 – the world 's most complicated watch – has 33 functions ( including telling you the time of sunrise and sunset , indicating leap years , providing the date of Easter , as well as a thermometer and a moon phase display ) and 1,278 parts , which include 68 springs and 24 hands .
One sold at auction in 2004 for more than $ 5 m .
And because of technological advances and improvements , the watch companies are able to produce new innovations with increasing frequency .
The major brands will introduce a new model at least once a year , usually unveiled at the industry 's annual showcase , Baselworld , where all the companies spend a fortune building extravagant , three - storey , luxuriously furnished temporary stands to display their latest designs .
The industry 's big players will invest between 10 and 25 % of their revenue in advertising and marketing : millions will go on buying pages in magazines that reach their target market , and millions more will go on sponsoring sports teams or players that lend their brands the edge they require .
In return , the magazines will feature their watches in their editorial pages – as much because their readers will want to know about them as because the watch companies will hope for their support in return for the amount of money they have invested .
For example , watch advertising will account for about 18 % of the total ad revenue of a typical upmarket men's magazine .
This year has actually been as tricky for the luxury watch industry as it has been for everyone else .
The value of Swiss watch exports for October this year was £ 780 m , down 22.7 % from last October .
In the UK , however , it could have been a lot worse .
The weaker pound has meant that a lot of visitors have come to this country to purchase watches and jewellery and thus saved the British market from what could have been a 30 % drop in sales .
The economy has also dictated a shift in what men are looking to buy .
Sarah Carlsen , head of press at Cartier , says that its customers are also no longer looking to make an ostentatious statement .
" The showy buyers of a bull market are long gone , " she says .
" We are now selling to men looking to make an intelligent purchase ; looking to be part of an unspoken club of those who know , understand and appreciate the complications of an haute horology timepiece . "
And speaking of intelligent buys , it 's true that if you choose a watch carefully it will hold on to , or even increase , its value .
One reason that auction sales of timepieces remain buoyant is because buyers recognise that the quality of a pre-owned watch is a safe haven for cash .
One timepiece , a Patek Philippe Henry Graves Supercomplication from the 1930s , was sold a decade ago by Sotheby 's for a record $ 11.5 m .
But it 's also about simple pleasure , of course .
I own five watches – a Jaeger LeCoultre Reverso , a vintage 1960s Rolex Submariner , a Tag Heuer Carrera , a Manometro by Giuliano Mazzuoli and a Swatch – and I enjoy them all equally .
And , like it or not , the model you wear does says something about you .
And it is n't necessarily about the price : as Obama has illustrated , you can be the leader of the free world and your timepiece cost no more than £ 260 , while Diego della Valle , the billionaire owner of the Tod 's fashion empire , always sports a humble but perfectly designed Swatch .
Whether it cost £ 50 or £ 5,000 , men clock the watch in the same way some women might take note of another 's shoes .
It 's what we do .
And the watch industry is very happy about that .
Jeremy Langmead is editor of Esquire magazine .
The UFC has suffered some lackluster Pay Per View numbers in recent times , largely thanks to the injury crisis that has plagued the company in the second half of the year .
Today though it appears they have received an early Christmas present , courtesy of Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer , who reports that their most recent event , UFC 107 , has pulled in an estimated 620,000 + PPV buys .
Earlier this year the UFC ’s PPV rate seemed to be showing a dramatic increase .
UFC 100 was an historic night that had been expected to do well , but the estimated 1.7 million buys for the event shocked everyone .
When UFC 101 went on to do a higher than expected 850,000 PPV buys it appeared that the company had reached a new plateau .
Things quickly changed quickly though , as can be seen from the numbers below :
—
UFC 100 : Lesnar Vs Mir : 1,700,000
UFC 101 : Penn Vs Florian : 850,000
UFC 102 : Couture Vs Nogueira : 435,000
UFC 103 Franklin Vs Belfort : 400,000
UFC 104 Machida Vs Shogun : 450- 500,000
UFC 105 Couture Vs Vera ( Free To Air On Spike TV )
UFC 106 Griffin Vs Ortiz 2 : 330-370,000
UFC 107 Penn Vs Sanchez : 620,000 +
—
While UFC 107 is n’t back up to the levels seen in the July - August period , it is a significant upturn from recent events , and higher than most people had been estimating ( 400 - 500,000 ) .
So what ’s the reason for the increase ?
This was one of the most compelling cards we ’ve seen in recent times .
It featured a title fight topping the bill , of which there have been relatively few lately , and had solid match - ups throughout the rest of the card , which had mercifully remained untouched by the recent injury crisis .
The card also had star power .
BJ Penn ’s ability to draw a crowd was perhaps underestimated leading into this event .
Penn Vs GSP 2 at UFC 94 did around the million sales mark last year , followed up by the estimated 850,000 buys for Penn Vs Florian at UFC 101 .
In both of those cases other factors were believed to have contributed to the events success .
At UFC 94 it was believed to be the combined star power of Penn and Georges St. Pierre , plus a heavy marketing campaign that included a special 3 part ‘ Primetime ’ preview show that helped the buy rate .
At UFC 101 the Anderson Silva Vs Forrest Griffin co-main event , along with the residual feelgood factor from UFC 100 , were believed to have been factors in it ’s success .
While not achieving the heights of either of those events , the latest numbers from UFC 107 confirm Penn as a genuine PPV draw .
That ’s not to discount the other fighters on the card .
Diego Sanchez is not a major star , but his unique , eccentric personality , coupled together with his memorable three round war with Clay Guida only months earlier made him good foil for the lightweight champion .
At the same time Frank Mir did an excellent job of talking up his co-main event fight with Cheick Kongo , generating more interest in the outcome than there might otherwise have been .
So is the UFC now back on an even keel heading in to 2010 ?
Not quite .
Things are likely to go back downhill again the early stages of next year thanks to the UFC ’s casualty list .
Next up is UFC 108 : Rashad Evans Vs Thiago Silva on January 2nd , hich has been effected more than any other card , and is certainly going to be one of the weaker cards they ’ve put on pay per view .
UFC 109 , headlined by the two oldest fighters on the roster , Randy Couture and Mark Coleman could throw a curve - ball due to the fact they are both ‘ legends ’ , but it ’s seen by many as another relatively weak card .
Things should pick up a bit with UFC 110 from Australia , and really get back into gear after that though , starting with UFC 111 at the end of March featuring a potential interim heavyweight title fight between Frank Mir Vs Shane Carwin .
In the mean time the UFC will no doubt just be happy to have had some good news for a change .
Also in Copenhagen , Japan unveiled its aid package worth 15 - billion US dollars in total .
The funds will help developing countries fight climate change through 2012 .
Environment Minister Sakihito Ozawa said that Japan considers its responsibility to the international community to be very important , and will support a broad range of developing countries .
Japan also joined the U.S. , Australia , France , Norway , and Britain in a 3 - and - a - half - billion US dollar forestry preservation plan .
The announcements on Wednesday offered an opportunity to restart the stalled U.N. climate talks .
Sakihito Ozawa , Japanese Environment Minister , said , " Japan will implement efficient and effective assistance to the developing countries .
For example , the taking or using of low - carbon technology , which is state - of - the - art technology and the expertise that we have , we will assist the developing countries in their mitigation efforts and also we will help the developing countries , especially vulnerable and the small island states to help with adaptation and capacity building . "
Environment Minister Sakihito Ozawa said that Japan considers its
responsibility to the international community to be very important ,
and will support a broad range of developing countries .
( CCTV.com )
Editor : Zhang Pengfei | Source : CCTV.com
The funeral
The size of St Nicholas Church means that all of the seats are to be restricted to invited guests .
A screen will be erected in the church grounds to allow people to watch the service and take part from outside the church .
The organisers ask that you are in place by 11.30 am .
They say they would welcome people lining the route to pay respects as the funeral cortege passes .
It will set out from St Dunstan ’s at Ovingdean at 11.15 am , travelling along the seafront , past Brighton Pier , then up West Street , past the clock tower and onto Dyke Road .
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
Congress is turning its attention to one of the most pressing issues of our time : lowering the volume of TV commercials .
That 's correct - apparently we no longer need to be concerned with the little stuff ... you know ... like the worst recession since the Great Depression , health care reform , skyrocketing deficits , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , 10 - percent unemployment , a crisis in education ... the commercials on television are too loud and something must be done .
The House has passed a measure by a voice vote called Commercial Advertisement Loudness Mitigation Act - or CALM ... which says that ads can be no louder than the TV shows during which they appear .
An identical measure is making it way through the Senate .
Supporters call loud ads annoying and frustrating and say they came up with the bill after finding out this was a common complaint with the Federal Communications Commission .
The measure would require the FCC to set new rules within a year - and start enforcing them a year later .
Meanwhile - experts say viewers may not even be able to tell the difference if this becomes law .
When asked why Congress has to get involved in this , Republican Congressman Cliff Stearns of Florida said : " You can say , ' Well , that 's fine .
Just turn it off .
But it 's constantly an irritant when you have to do it .
And we 've got all the new bowl games coming up . "
I now want to sharpen a pencil and jam it in my ear because I can not take it anymore .
Here ’s my question to you :
On a list of the great issues of our time , where does controlling the volume of TV commercials rank ?
Tune in to the Situation Room at 6 pm to see if Jack reads your answer on air .
And , we love to know where you ’re writing from , so please include your city and state with your comment .
Astronauts Want a Next - Gen Ride 10 Times Safer Than the Shuttle
Astronauts say the next crew launch vehicle should have disaster odds of just 1 in 1,000
Editor 's note : Pete Cashmore is founder and CEO of Mashable , a popular blog about social media .
He is writing a weekly column about social networking and tech for CNN.com .
London , England ( CNN ) --
As 2009 draws to a close , with Twitter undoubtedly this year 's media darling and Facebook continuing on its path to global domination , you may wonder which social - media service will become tech 's poster boy in 2010 .
Among the Web 's early adopter set , the answer is nearly unanimous : Foursquare .
While the technology landscape is ever - changing , I 'd argue that Foursquare already has aligned itself to become next year 's mainstream hit .
The Twitter connection
Birthed by the team that brought us the mobile social network Dodgeball ( acquired by Google in 2005 and later shuttered ) , the location - based mobile startup serves a simple purpose :
It lets an individual share his or her location with a group of friends .
Foursquare ventures beyond utility , however :
It 's a virtual game in which participants earn badges for checking in at various locations ; those that check in most become a venue 's " mayor . "
By all accounts , this mechanism is as addictive as Twitter , Facebook or checking your e-mail on a BlackBerry .
Originally launched as an iPhone application and seeded by the young early - adopter set in cities such as New York and San Francisco , the site 's founders were able to leap from a ready - made springboard : Twitter .
With users ' " check - ins " being posted to the messaging service , Foursquare was able to gain a foothold in much the same way YouTube built its lead from videos embedded in MySpace pages .
The parallels with Twitter are numerous .
As technology early adopter and popular blogger Robert Scoble wrote in September : " Go back three years ago .
Twitter was being used by the same crowd that is playing with Foursquare today . "
The similarities do n't stop there : Twitter first took hold at Austin 's South By Southwest festival in 2007 ; Foursquare made its debut at SXSW 2009 .
Members of both founding teams have previously built successful social startups ; both those startups were sold to Google .
The two companies share investors , too : Union Square Ventures is a backer , while Twitter inventor Jack Dorsey made an angel investment in Foursquare .
Other notable investors include the founders of Digg and Delicious , and famed angel investor Ron Conway .
Union Square Ventures ' Fred Wilson observed that Foursquare 's first round financing was " among the most competitive early round financings I 've seen in a long time . "
Foursquare 's power play : Platform for developers , retailers
This week Foursquare debuted the singular piece that launched Twitter into the stratosphere : an API .
This application programming interface allows third - party developers to build anything they desire on top of Foursquare 's location - based social network .
It 's been shown time and again that once these ecosystems gain momentum , potential competitors face an arduous task .
From Flickr to Google Maps to Twitter and beyond , it 's clear that early critical mass -- having enough users and applications to make a service invaluable -- sets the stage for a landslide victory .
Google 's Android , entering the mobile platform wars long after the iPhone App Store had served up a veritable smorgasbord of apps to its army of users , is evidence of the chicken - and - egg problem that arises for new competitors :
What 's the incentive for users and developers to switch to a smaller , less visible platform once a leader has emerged ?
With the launch of its API , Foursquare looks set to capitalize on this " rich get richer " phenomenon before others can make a play .
Foursquare is doing more than wooing users and developers , however :
It 's also courting local bars and restaurants .
" Foursquare for Businesses " is a platform for retailers wishing to offer special deals to Foursquare users : Check in to frozen desert maker Tasti D - Lite at two venues in New York , for instance , and you 're eligible for a discount .
Competitors abound
Nonetheless , multiple players are vying for victory in the location - based services market .
Between Gowalla , Loopt , Brightkite and Google 's Latitude , Foursquare will by no means have an easy ride .
While Gowalla debuted an early version at SXSW 2009 alongside Foursquare , both Loopt and Brightkite have a head start .
All of these services , I 'd argue , lack the highly addictive game play that appears to have Foursquare users hooked .
Google is undoubtedly the 800 - pound gorilla , but the fastidiously numbers - driven search engine has proven time and again that it cannot grasp social - networking dynamics -- from Orkut to Friend Connect ( its Facebook Connect competitor ) to its failure to turn Google Video into a YouTube competitor .
One company may unwittingly squash Foursquare in its infancy : Twitter itself .
The very service that propelled Foursquare to prominence is rapidly building out its location - based features , with a location API that directly challenges Foursquare .
Twitter already has the critical mass of users and ecosystem of eager developers .
If it executes correctly , the service could leave Foursquare in the dust .
In Foursquare 's favor : Young , fast - growing startups such as Twitter often find their engineering teams overstretched simply trying to achieve scale .
Twitter has added less than a dozen new features since launch as preventing frequent downtime has become its greatest challenge .
Meanwhile , the overlap in investors means the Twitter - Foursquare relationship is unlikely to turn sour .
Foursquare may network its way to the top in 2010 or find itself lost in an increasingly competitive landscape .
Early adopters are betting on the former .
© 2013 MASHABLE.com .
All rights reserved .
The Soviet assault was the start of a nine - year civil war
What was it like to be in the presidential palace in Kabul 30 years ago when Soviet soldiers burst in and killed Afghan President Hafizullah Amin ?
The BBC World Service has brought together for the first time two people who were on different sides in the palace that day - a Soviet soldier and a young Afghan girl , Lucy Williamson reports .
It was the first time Najiba had set foot inside the palace .
For an 11 - year - old girl , she says : " it was like something from a movie : the staircases , the golden lift , the chandeliers , and the glitter - the beauty of it . "
It was all brand new - the palace had just been refurbished .
And Najiba 's parents had been invited there for a party , to show off the new design .
It was 27 December , 1979 .
And as the guests warmed themselves with lavish food , outside the palace walls other - uninvited - guests waited in the winter cold .
The things I saw , my God , I saw a person like a scene from a nightmare movie , dead bodies , lots
Najiba Afghan eyewitness Among them was Rustam Tursunkulov , a 23 - year - old special forces commander with the Soviet army .
As Najiba bickered with her brother over the party food , outside Rustam prepared to give the order .
Thirty years on , Rustam was sitting in our Moscow studio , after the BBC's Russian Service had found and contacted him .
" In the end , " he told me , " I did n't really order them at all .
I hugged each of my men and said : ' I 'll go ahead , you follow ' .
" We had no body armour and hardly any of us had helmets .
We had to run through a shower of bullets .
Panic set in " I kept the magazine of my rifle and my helmet for a long time afterwards - they were riddled with bullet holes . "
The coup had begun .
Inside the palace , confusion spread quickly .
" There was this huge , loud sound , " Najiba remembers .
" A huge explosion that shook the place .
We had to run to the corridor and my nice yellow shoes were left behind and my white coat - I really wanted them , but my mum said there was no time , we had to run . "
Out in the corridor , Najiba saw President Amin half - dressed , shouting to his family ; his wife running , bringing the Kalashnikovs .
As panic set in among the palace residents , Rustam and his men moved methodically through the building .
" We killed the Afghans who put up any opposition to us , " said Rustam .
" The building was on fire and by the light of the flames we could see silhouettes .
We recognised our own people because they were swearing in Russian . "
" The things I saw , " said Najiba .
" My God - people on the floor .
I saw a person like a scene from a nightmare movie .
Dead bodies .
Lots . "
Begs forgiveness
Rustam tells me his orders were to kill everyone they met in the palace .
I ask him if he did .
" I was a Soviet soldier , " he says .
" We were trained to accept orders without question .
I was in the special forces - it 's the worst job .
" In any army there has to be someone who'll do the harshest , most horrible tasks .
Unfortunately , it 's not soldiers , but politicians who make wars . "
I ask him how many people he thinks he killed that night .
I want to thank you for talking to me and beg your forgiveness for what we did
Rustam Tursunkulov Former Soviet soldier " If I knew , I would n't tell you , " he says .
" I just carried out orders , I did n't count them . "
As I talked down the line to Rustam in Moscow , Najiba came into the studio and sat down shakily .
It was the first time she had spoken to anyone involved in the coup .
Clutching a tissue , she spoke haltingly into the microphone .
" Hello , " she said .
" My name 's Naijba , and I was inside the palace 30 years ago . "
Rustam 's voice came back from Moscow : " I want to thank you for talking to me and beg your forgiveness for what we did .
" It was a terrible thing , but you need to hear both sides of it . "
Bled to death Najiba told me she had been up all night turning over in her head the questions she wanted to ask .
" There were so many , " she said .
" It 's been 30 years . "
But in the end , she asked about the children - there had been lots of them in the palace that day , including the president 's own 11 - year - old son .
" What happened to him ? " Najiba asked .
" Did you try and save the children ? " Rustam replied : " Please try to understand that when there 's a battle going on , it 's hard to know there are children there .
" Amin 's son was hit by shrapnel and bled to death .
All the bodies were wrapped in carpet and buried near the palace .
There was no ceremony for them . "
Najiba asked him : " Do you remember me ?
I had blond hair then , and my mother was very fair . "
" No , " said Rustam .
" I 'm sorry . "
" How long did the whole operation take ? " asked Najiba .
" Forty - three minutes , " he said .
It was 43 minutes that turned into a nine - year war , took the Cold War to a new level , and left more than a million people dead .
Rustam and Najiba are both writing books about their memories of that night .
As they end their conversation , Rustam promises to send Najiba some documents , to help with her research .
They say goodbye , and the line to Moscow goes dead .
You can hear more from both Najiba and Rustam in a special two - part series of ' Witness ' on the BBC World Service , on Monday 28 December and Tuesday 29 December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The blist is a drop - in replacement for the Python list that provides better performance when modifying large lists .
The blist package also provides sortedlist , sortedset , weaksortedlist , weaksortedset , sorteddict , and btuple types .
Full documentation is at the link below :
http://stutzbachenterprises.com/blist-doc/
Python ’s built - in list is a dynamically - sized array ; to insert or remove an item from the beginning or middle of the list , it has to move most of the list in memory , i.e. , O ( n ) operations .
The blist uses a flexible , hybrid array / tree structure and only needs to move a small portion of items in memory , specifically using O ( log n ) operations .
For small lists , the blist and the built - in list have virtually identical performance .
To use the blist , you simply change code like this :
>>> items = [ 5 , 6 , 2 ] >>> more_items = function_that_returns_a_list ( )
to :
>>> from blist import blist >>> items = blist ( [ 5 , 6 , 2 ] ) >>> more_items = blist ( function_that_returns_a_list ( ) )
Here are some of the use cases where the blist asymptotically outperforms the built - in list :
Use Case blist list Insertion into or removal from a list O ( log n ) O(n )
Taking slices of lists O ( log n ) O(n ) Making shallow copies of lists O(1 ) O(n ) Changing slices of lists O ( log n + log k) O ( n+k )
Multiplying a list to make a sparse list O ( log k) O( kn ) Maintain a sorted lists with bisect .
insort O( log * * 2 n ) O(n )
So you can see the performance of the blist in more detail , several performance graphs available at the following link : http://stutzbachenterprises.com/blist/
Example usage :
>>> from blist import * >>> x = blist ( [ 0 ] ) # x is a blist with one element >>> x *= 2**29 # x is a blist with > 500 million elements >>> x.append ( 5 ) # append to x >>> y = x[ 4:-234234 ] #
Take a 500 million element slice from x >>> del x [ 3:1024 ] # Delete a few thousand elements from x
Other data structures
The blist package provides other data structures based on the blist : sortedlist
sortedset
weaksortedlist
weaksortedset
sorteddict
btuple
These additional data structures are only available in Python 2.6 or higher , as they make use of Abstract Base Classes .
The sortedlist is a list that ’s always sorted .
It ’s iterable and indexable like a Python list , but to modify a sortedlist the same methods you would use on a Python set ( add , discard , or remove ) . >>> from blist import sortedlist >>> my_list = sortedlist ( [ 3,7,2,1 ] ) >>> my_list sortedlist ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 7 ] ) >>> my_list.add(5 ) >>> my_list [ 3 ] 5 >>>
The sortedlist constructor takes an optional “ key ” argument , which may be used to change the sort order just like the sorted ( ) function . >>> from blist import sortedlist >>> my_list = sortedlist ( [ 3,7,2,1 ] , key=lambda i : - i ) sortedlist ( [ 7 , 3 , 2 , 1 ] >>>
The sortedset is a set that ’s always sorted .
It ’s iterable and indexable like a Python list , but modified like a set .
Essentially , it ’s just like a sortedlist except that duplicates are ignored . >>> from blist import sortedset >>> my_set = sortedset ( [ 3,7,2,2 ] ) sortedset ( [ 2 , 3 , 7 ] >>>
The weaksortedlist and weaksortedset are weakref variations of the sortedlist and sortedset .
The sorteddict works just like a regular dict , except the keys are always sorted .
The sorteddict should not be confused with Python 2.7 ’s Ordered Dict type , which remembers the insertion order of the keys .
>>> from blist import sorteddict >>> my_dict = sorteddict ( {1 : 5 , 6 : 8 , - 5 : 9} ) >>> my_dict.keys ( ) [ - 5 , 1 , 6 ] >>>
The btuple is a drop - in replacement for the built - in tuple .
Compared to the built - in tuple , the btuple offers the following advantages : Constructing a btuple from a blist takes O ( 1 ) time .
Taking a slice of a btuple takes O ( n ) time , where n is the size of the original tuple .
The size of the slice does not matter . >>> from blist import blist , btuple >>> x = blist ( [ 0 ] ) # x is a blist with one element >>> x *= 2**29 # x is a blist with > 500 million elements >>> y = btuple( x ) # y is a btuple with > 500 million elements
Installation instructions Python 2.5 or higher is required .
If building from the source distribution , the Python header files are also required .
In either case , just run : python setup.py install
If you ’re running Linux and see a bunch of compilation errors from GCC , you probably do not have the Python header files installed .
They ’re usually located in a package called something like “ python2.6 - dev ” .
The blist package will be installed in the ‘ site - packages ’ directory of your Python installation .
( Unless directed elsewhere ; see the “ Installing Python Modules ” section of the Python manuals for details on customizing installation locations , etc. ) .
If you downloaded the source distribution and wish to run the associated test suite , you can also run : python setup.py test which will verify the correct installation and functioning of the package .
The tests require Python 2.6 or higher .
Feedback
We ’re eager to hear about your experiences with the blist .
You can email me at daniel@stutzbachenterprises.com .
Alternately , bug reports and feature requests may be reported on our bug tracker at : http://github.com/DanielStutzbach/blist/issues
NATO commanders are putting the Canadian Forces in charge of the Arghandab district , north of Kandahar city , a region where U.S. troops have sustained heavy casualties since being assigned there earlier this year .
" The local population is frustrated .
So I think that 's one of the purposes of this strategy -- to deploy troops in areas and keep them there , " Mark Sedra , of the Centre for International Governance Innovation , told CTV News .
Task Force Kandahar will gain an additional U.S. battalion and Afghan National Army unit that will each serve under its command by the new year , said Brig .
Gen. Frederick Hodges , director of operations for NATO 's southern command .
Retired major - general Lewis McKenzie said that 's a sign of great respect from the U.S .
" We 're the only nation in the 28 NATO nations where the Americans entrust their troops under our command , " he said .
Hodges said NATO intends to deepen its hold in Kandahar , before using any surplus troops to clear neighbouring Helmand province .
In a telephone interview from Kandahar , Canadian Press reporter Jonathan Montpetit told CTV News Channel that NATO is " trying to regain the momentum of the insurgency in the south , which is really what they 've identified as the biggest problem area in the country . "
Michel Drapeau , a retired Canadian Forces colonel , told CTV News Channel that the Arghandab district does n't appear to be any more dangerous than the area Canadian soldiers currently patrol in Kandahar .
" We 'll have to wait and see whether or not this is going to be more perilous ... and probably in the end , it will mean very little except that we will be operating in a sector that we have n't been up to now , " Drapeau said during an interview from Ottawa .
It is possible that the changes were made with an eye to the fact that Canada will be pulling its soldiers out of the war - torn country by the end of 2011 , he said .
Under the new plan , U.S. troops currently serving in the Arghandab district will be reassigned to protect the roads in and around Kandahar .
The U.S. troops currently serving in Kandahar , in turn , will then fall under the direction of the Canadians .
Hodges said the changes will take place regardless of U.S. President Barack Obama 's new strategy for Afghanistan .
On Tuesday , Obama committed 30,000 more U.S. troops to the NATO effort to secure southern Afghanistan .
With a report by CTV's Lisa LaFlamme and files from The Canadian Press
Disclaimer
We can not take responsibility for the contents of any website linked to this page , or the activities or products of any other company .
The data in this blog is provided for the purpose of advice , and I can not make any promises or warranties regarding the actions or products of others .
Furthermore , while I try to keep this blog updated as often as possible , products and companies change , and I can not guarantee that the products referred to will always be the same .
Although all display technologies have their own unique strengths and steadily improve over time , users ’ memories of their initial weaknesses and limitations can plague them forever .
The best examples of this effect are plasma displays , with their so - called “ burn - in ” problem ( which is actually uneven aging ) , something that was technically overcome many years ago but which lingers like an 800 - pound gorilla that still threatens to kill this excellent technology .
Plasma manufacturers bear much of the blame because they have chosen to avoid this issue in their marketing rather than confronting this widely held perception .
LCDs have their own gorilla : limited response time , which causes motion blur .
As with plasmas and burn - in , this was a significant problem many years ago , and it too is no longer an issue now .
But unlike plasma manufacturers , makers of LCDs have turned this into a brilliant marketing strategy , offering increasingly sophisticated and enhanced motion processing and ever higher 120 - and 240 - Hz screen refresh rates to repeatedly oversell a solution to a problem that is no longer a problem .
Consumers , especially the technically savvy , have become enthralled with the response time specifications and the various proprietary motion - enhancement technologies each manufacturer offers , which all spiral in a vicious cycle of one - upmanship .
Unfortunately , none of this stands up to objective scientific testing .
As we ’ll demonstrate , though motion blur with moving test patterns was much worse than what ’s claimed in the manufacturer ’s specifications , performance during extensive viewing tests with a wide range of live video content viewed simultaneously on a large number of HDTVs turned out much better than we expected .
Motion blur proved to be a non-issue for live video in all of the mid- to - high - end LCDs in our tests .
Findings Highlights
Nuclear reactors are an unlikely source of art , but the complex workings of these machines have a strange , industrial beauty to them .
These incredibly detailed wall charts explain the inner workings of the machines and display them in cutaways .
Nuclear Reactor Wall Charts [ Flickr via BibliOdyssey ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The ocean at night is a terrible dream .
There is nothing beyond the water except the profound discouragement of the sky , every black wave another singular misfortune .
Walt Marino has been floating on his back for hours , the ocean on his skin , his mouth , soaking the curls of his graying hair .
The water has cracked his lips , has formed a slippery glaze on his shoulders and arms .
The salt has stuck to his contact lenses , burning the edges of his eyes .
A small silver pendant of the Virgin Mary sticks to his collarbone on a link chain .
He can no longer see the car key floating below his stomach , tied to the string of his floral swim trunks .
The water licks against his ears .
Every familiar sound is gone .
He arches his neck , contemplate again how far of swim it might be to shore .
He ca n’t know how many miles .
He tries to convince himself he might be able to make it back to the beach , to the rock jetty from which he was swept out to sea .
He starts dog- paddling , but after about 30 minutes his arms give out , his back tires , and he decides that he ’ll die if he tries .
In the dark , he can make out only the outline of his hands .
He can see a faint glow in the distance , orange and premonitory , like a small fire , what he guesses to be the hotels and condos of Florida ’s northern coast .
He wonders if someone in a living room watching TV could look out far past the shore and see him floating here .
No , he decides .
That ’s crazy .
Even if they were looking through binoculars , they could probably see only the water , and maybe the ripples beneath the stars .
Even the rescue helicopter had n’t been able to spot his head sticking above the surface , as it traced a search grid just beyond where the tide of Ponce de Leon Inlet empties into the Atlantic .
Below the helicopter , patrol boats and Jet Skis had gone back and forth like sharks in the distance .
He had waved his arms and screamed until his throat cracked , until the blue search signal and the light of the beam had thinned and disappeared .
He now wonders if he ’ll ever need his voice again .
That was hours ago .
When Christopher was floating beside him .
Christopher , his little boy .
When the two of them , father and son , were still together in the waves .
The ocean was always one of Christopher ’s favorite places .
The shallow water near the jetty rocks of Ponce Inlet , pale and green at the curve of the beach – Walt took him there as much as he could .
Like a lot of autistic children , Christopher was drawn to water .
By the sensation of it , by its sounds , its placidity – Walt could only guess .
Christopher could never explain the ocean ’s hold on him , could only put on his swim trunks and stand barefoot on the wooden floor of the house , or find the car keys from the table and try to place them in Walt ’s hand , or just wait impatiently at the door of his convertible .
As his son grew up , his main communication turned out to be the sounds of his laughter , his hands slapping at the tide foam , his giddy squeal as he climbed onto his father ’s back , swimming for hours until it was time for them to go home .
On September 6 , 2008 , a Saturday , Walt took him to Ponce Inlet late in the afternoon .
It was his weekend with the kids .
As he did every two weeks , he picked up Christopher from the group home where he lived , then picked up Angela , his 14 - year - old daughter , at her mom ’s house in Oviedo .
Christopher sat next to Dad in the front seat of Walt ’s red Celica , the top folded back , wind running through Christopher ’s short dark - brown hair .
Angela sat squished along with two of her friends in the back .
It was a perfect day to go to the beach .
They stopped at McDonald ’s , Christopher ’s favorite , on the way .
Christopher ate his double cheeseburgers slowly , maddeningly , the exact same way he did every time .
He took off the top bun , held it in his hand , and ate the pickles .
Then he ate the lettuce .
Then the top bun .
Then he ate the meat .
Then the bottom bun , then each french fry , one at a time .
He chewed vigorously , with his mouth open , loud enough for Walt to ask him to stop .
Occasionally , when he became anxious or upset , he might stand beneath the spout of the soda fountain and press the button , and try to catch the spill in his mouth .
As Walt watched Christopher eat , he tried not to think about the meeting he ’d had earlier in the day with his ex-wife Robyn and her husband Ed .
Walt had lost his accounting job a few months before and asked if he could cut back on child - support payments .
He ’d split with Robyn eight years earlier , and whenever they spoke anymore it was briefly , tensely , and only in regard to the kids .
During this meeting , in which Robyn and Ed agreed to reduce but not eliminate payments , they asked Walt what he planned to do with the kids that day .
“ I do n’t know , ” Walt replied , though he did know .
They arrived at New Smyrna Beach around 6:30 pm .
The five of them walked the long wooden boardwalk , Christopher plodding behind , sometimes staring down .
Walt followed him .
The Ponce Inlet Lighthouse was the one thing , long and orange , that rose above the sparse landscape in the distance .
The boardwalk ended at stairs that went down to the sand ; by the time Walt and Christopher caught up to them , the girls had ignored the signs posted and were sliding down the backs of the white dunes as if on a playground .
Walt and Christopher watched them for a while , then put their bags and towels down on the hard sand close to the water .
Christopher , in floral trunks like his dad , took off ahead of Walt , toward the south jetty , and splashed in , wading along the rocks .
The tide on the protected side of the jetty looked serene .
A group of people , their dark fishing poles like long weeds sticking up between the jetty rocks , watched them .
Walt waded in to get Christopher , unaware that the tide had begun to go out , or of how strong it was , or that he was actually disobeying a county ordinance ; no one was supposed to swim within 300 feet of a pier or jetty .
Robyn and Ed had repeatedly asked Walt not to put Christopher in any situation that could be dangerous , and they asked him in particular not to take Christopher to the beach .
But Walt did n’t listen to them .
He was certain that it made Christopher happy to be here .
The current grabbed father and son almost immediately .
They floated past the glistening rocks , and then it pulled them faster , the sand disappearing beneath their toes .
Within a minute , Walt and Christopher were 50 feet out , the ocean in their faces and ears .
“ Do you need help ? ” one of the fishermen yelled at Walt as he watched him being pulled away .
“ We ’re okay ! ” Walt shouted back , giving a thumbs - up .
He still thought he had things under control , that they could make it back .
They had waded into this water a thousand times , he and Christopher .
But this time the current was much stronger .
Another two minutes , 200 yards farther out to sea .
Walt knew they were in trouble now .
His heart thumped in his ears .
“ Do n’t come in ! ” he screamed to Angela , who was now staring out at them in fright from the jetty .
“ Call 911 !
9-1-1! 9-1-1 ! ”
He repeated this instruction , hands cupping his mouth , over and over , trying to keep his head above water as the waves grew , but Angela was now out of earshot .
One second
Walt could see the beach , and the next he was below the horizon .
He tried to focus on Christopher ’s head , the dark - brown hair wet and matted , the only part of him above water .
Christopher was about 20 feet ahead of Walt now , bobbing and laughing hysterically .
Walt yelled at Christopher to swim back to the jetty with him – “ Come on , let ’s go , let ’s swim ! ” – but they had been raked into the middle of the inlet , where the current ’s pull was even stronger .
After 20 minutes , they were about a mile out , at the mouth of the open sea .
A green navigational buoy bobbed there , tall and round , with a rusted bell clanging back and forth .
Walt reached out to try and grab onto the buoy but struggled against the current .
Christopher just kept laughing , unaware of the danger , of the situation , of the fading shore and the strength of the current , of the ocean ahead .
As they floated past the buoy , there was nothing else to stop them from drifting into the sea .
Walt studied Christopher as the sun went down .
It was a game to his son , he decided – floating there without a care in the world .
Farther out from shore , the light dwindling , the land itself was less visible .
The current seemed to relax , and it was hard to tell how fast they were moving anymore .
Staying afloat was all there really was to do .
Walt told himself to keep his eye on Christopher , to make sure his head stayed above the four - foot waves .
But his mind wandered to his own mom and dad waiting for them back at the house , to the girls left on the beach , to nothing at all .
He forced himself not to consider what could be swimming below them .
The only sounds to keep them company were the lap of the waves and the slap of the fins of the small fish that jumped onto the surface .
Walt could see the white point revolving at the top of the lighthouse , counted the seconds of its revolution .
He decided the coast guard would probably be coming for them soon .
They had been in the water for two hours , he guessed .
They were beginning to tire .
Christopher was no longer laughing , so Walt decided it was time to give him a break .
He dog - paddled to his son , grabbed his arm , and let Christopher climb on his back .
Walt , who ’d become a certified lifeguard because Angela ’s Girl Scout troop needed him to get his license , took a deep breath .
Then he arched his back and dipped his head forward below the surface , arms slightly extended from his sides – the dead man ’s float .
He lay facedown in 30 - second increments , coming back up for air , wiping the water from his cheeks , spitting the ocean out of his mouth .
Each time he would clutch Christopher ’s hands , then lift him up on his back .
Christopher would lay his stomach on top of Walt and wrap his arms around his father ’s neck .
Each time
Walt rose to take a breath he ached more ; after only a few minutes he came up again and clutched his stomach .
Then he vomited .
He puked everything he had eaten at lunch , big chunks of his cheeseburgers , floating in a pool of bile on the surface , barely digested .
He dry heaved until his throat burned ; he was screaming gibberish , nonsense , “ Jesus , God , help us… . ”
Small fish surfaced in packs to feast on the vomited meal , and Christopher reacted with panic .
He began to scream .
He grabbed at Walt ’s hair and tried to rip it out of his head .
He was thrashing on Walt ’s back , his weight pushing Walt beneath the surface .
Christopher weighed about 120 pounds , and he was tearing at his father , digging his fingernails into him , crying at the top of his lungs .
Walt pulled him off of his back , wiped his eyes , and croaked , “ Please , Christopher , calm down .
Please be a good boy . ”
Christopher looked at Walt , pleading with a pair of helpless eyes , as if to ask :
What are we going to do , Dad ?
Walt had no answer .
He could n’t breathe .
Christopher grabbed for him again , jumping out of the water to get away from the fish , splashing salt water into Walt ’s eyes .
Walt went under , gulping a throatful of ocean that made him vomit again .
Crying , desperate to breathe , he yelled at Christopher , at the situation .
Christopher was screaming again , too .
What could Walt do ?
There was really only one thing he could do , for the both of them .
He was forced to make a horrible decision :
If they stayed together , if Christopher kept clutching his father , they would both drown .
Their only chance was for Walt to separate himself from Christopher , to hope that his son could stay afloat on his own .
It was the only choice that made any sense .
He looked at his son again , then pushed him away into the ocean .
When he was 15 months old , they knew something was wrong .
He did n’t pay attention , did n’t make eye contact , did n’t cry .
He would just scream and grunt .
He did n’t say a real word until he was four .
After Christopher was diagnosed with autism as a toddler , Walt spent 20 grand on a couple of miracle cures , including an injection of pig hormones into Christopher ’s leg .
He also looked into another form of treatment called “ patterning , ” an exercise designed to improve neurologic organization that required several people to help lift and move the patient ’s legs and arms and head for several hours a day .
But it cost $ 10,000 , and Walt thought it looked like torture .
He knew where the bathroom was because Walt and Robyn showed him , but he did n’t know how to ask for it when he needed it .
Sometimes he would pee or shit in his pants and laugh , or smear his feces on the walls .
He would make high - pitched noises when Robyn handed him the telephone and told him his dad was on the other end .
He could say “ goodbye , ” “ hello , ” “ thanks , ” “ water , ” “ hungry , ” “ candy . ”
He could repeat the phrases “ I love you ” and “ Hi , Dad ” and “ Wow . ” A cadre of therapists had worked with him over the years , tried to teach him skills like brushing his teeth and buttoning a shirt , how to chew quietly .
Some of them had quit because he bit them .
He ignored other children , mostly .
He ’d pick up an object – say , a string of thread – and let it drop , over and over , to see how it behaved on its way to the floor .
Sometimes he would spin madly in a circle .
He had so much energy it was exhausting , and he required constant supervision .
As he got older , he would sit in the backseat on his way to school with Angela and would bite her on the arm or pull her hair as she screamed .
He was fearless and reckless because he did n’t have a concept of danger .
There was just a connection missing somewhere .
That was the easiest way to describe it .
He could n’t carry on a conversation , but he could listen and understand .
He could follow directions : Pick this up , please , Christopher .
Take it over there and come back .
He responded to sign language , because it was visual .
He could point to a flash card to indicate what he wanted to eat .
He was in an eighth - grade class with 10 other autistic kids , some who did n’t speak or even act like they knew the teacher was there .
The teacher once had a student who spoke only by reciting an infomercial : “ If you did n’t buy it here , you paid too much ! ”
In the callous terms of the DSM - IV – the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders – Christopher displayed “ markedly abnormal nonverbal communication . ”
To his father he was shy and curious , and sometimes so quiet and so temperate that Walt could imagine his son was perfectly normal .
The first rescue helicopter appeared just before nightfall , then the boats in the distance , engines breathing on the water .
Walt called over to Christopher , who had drifted maybe 10 feet away .
He told him that he was a good boy and a great swimmer .
He pointed his finger to the blinking helicopter high in the sky near shore , and said , “ Blue lights .
Blue lights .
Blue lights coming to get us . ”
Walt felt like he understood .
Christopher certainly understood what it meant to be in the water .
Walt pictured him floating on his back at the YMCA in Oviedo , where he ’d learned to swim .
Walt had spent hours there teaching him to float , Christopher with his green goggles strapped across his face , laughing , looking up at the ceiling painted to look like a sky .
At the Y , Christopher was a regular boy .
The lifeguards knew him by name , let him go into the utility closet and pick out a foam ring to play with in the water , the same green one every time .
He always walked the tiled stoop around the pool , feeling the water on the tops of his feet .
Then he ’d jump in .
Walt would show him how to fill his stomach with air so he could float , then pull him along by his shoulders , walking him around the left lane of the pool .
Out at sea , in the fading light , Christopher rose and dipped from Walt ’s line of sight .
Walt tried to talk to his son to keep him calm , reciting his favorite lines from his favorite movies .
Christopher loved to sit right in front of the small television in his room and watch Disney videos all day .
Sometimes he would put his eyeball as close to the screen as he could get it without touching .
His all - time favorite scene was Buzz Lightyear in Toy Story , flying into space , saying his trademark phrase : “ To infinity … and beyond ! ”
“ To infinity ! ” Walt yelled to Christopher over the waves .
He waited for Christopher to respond .
“ To infinity , Christopher ! ”
“… and beyond ! ” lightly from atop the wave , as Christopher was lifted back into view .
It did n’t sound like that when Christopher said it , though .
It always sounded like “ infin ’ a beyon ’ … ”
And he ’d always send his fist into the air .
That little fist pump – Walt did it in the water then , too , even though he was trying to conserve energy .
After a while the first helicopter left and another took its place , its blue light flickering over the open water .
Looking out toward the black sky , Walt began to wave his arms , certain now that no one could hear him .
Christopher pounded his fist against the waves .
A group of jellyfish interrupted them , swimming into Walt ’s and Christopher ’s legs , clutching onto them and burning like strands of electric hair .
Christopher shrieked .
Then Walt was lifted up at the same time Christopher was lowered .
When the tide evened , Christopher was even farther away , 30 or 40 feet .
Walt tried to swim toward him , flapping his arms as hard as he could .
Then a wave lifted Christopher , and Walt was caught on the other side .
When the wave broke , Christopher was no longer there .
Only his breath in the darkness , a silence as everything settled in .
For half an hour , Walt had yelled , begging for Christopher to answer .
He had given up conserving energy , had been swimming as hard as he could to try and find his son .
“ Who ’s my best boy ? ” Nothing .
“ Christopher , who ’s my buddy ? ”
Only the fish beneath him , brushing against his back and legs .
“ Christopher ? ! ”
Walt spun in every direction , trying to spot the small white face and the dark - brown hair .
But he was gone .
Walt wiped his eyes , took a breath .
He ’s gone .
It was a thought as dark and fathomless as the ocean itself .
At that moment , he could n’t see it any other way – Christopher was dead .
So Walt stopped yelling and shivered as a trail of bright green phosphorescence floated past him .
He stared at it , amazed by its arrival , the only color on the sea , passing behind him like lights beneath the water .
He told himself it was probably peaceful , told himself that Christopher just got tired and finally let go .
Just slipped away under the sea .
But Walt ’s mind would n’t fully accept that .
Christopher was a terrific swimmer .
He had nine lives , Walt liked to say .
Maybe he was merely playing a game .
Maybe he was floating , just beyond where Walt could see .
Maybe he just wanted to be alone for a while , like he sometimes did .
Christopher had wandered off so many times ,
Walt learned to expect he would always be okay .
“ Eloped ” is the word used to describe the way an autistic person sometimes wanders off – is there one second , then vanishes .
Christopher had eloped at the mall , at the hardware store , from Walt ’s parents ’ house , and after a search they would often find him playing in water .
At first it was the lake in their old neighborhood , then the retention pond at the bottom of the street – the police had sent a helicopter to search for him .
Then it was the neighbors ’ pool : floating on his back , naked .
The neighbors called the cops , who came and pulled Christopher out and saw the silver chain bracelet on his left wrist with his identification and phone number .
Once when Christopher wandered off , the police searched for him again , and half an hour later , he turned up in the fountain at the Oviedo mall .
Christopher had walked across a busy intersection , crossed through six lanes of traffic , had navigated the winding road back to the parking lot at night .
He had taken his clothes off and was splashing beneath the falling water in his underwear , his feet brushing the pennies people had tossed in to make a wish .
After each of these episodes , Robyn would fume at Walt .
She no longer trusted him .
She and Ed held their breath whenever Christopher was with Walt .
When Christopher was with Robyn and Ed , they never let him outside without maintaining physical contact .
But Walt wanted Christopher to experience the world like a regular boy , wanted him to walk the stadium stands without holding his hand and feel the beach sand and breathe the air , wanted him to make choices .
Walt could n’t even bear to call him autistic , to label him that way , and his voice always cracked when he talked about his “ little buddy . ”
He took the good days , swimming together at the Y , sitting together in the front pew of church , eating at McDonald ’s without incident , and weighed all of that against the tantrums , the outbursts , the moments in which his son would lunge at him , out of the blue , and sink his teeth into his arm .
That ’s when Walt would sob .
He ’d lament having to shout at Christopher , asking him why he ’d attack his own father .
For every good day there was always some kind of reminder of the bad .
But now he was gone .
They should n’t have come out to the beach , he told himself .
He should ’ve rented a movie and spent the day at home .
He could never face his own family .
He would n’t know what to say to his mother and father , to his daughter , to the coast guard , to Robyn and Ed .
The guilt , too , the realization that he had been responsible for his son ’s death .
He decided that he should take his own life .
It would be easier .
Bawling , his tears mixing with the salt water on his face , he took a deep breath , exhaled , and slipped like he imagined Christopher did beneath the surface .
But there was Angela .
He had almost forgotten about her .
He kicked his legs and came up for air , expelling a mouthful of water .
She needed a father too .
The ocean at dawn is a wonderful dream .
He thought the night might last forever and now considers the morning itself a sign , too .
The birds dive to the surface , stretching out their patternless wings as if to yawn .
A seagull , white and with crystal eyes , lands right next to Walt .
It looks directly at him , opens its orange beak like it ’s trying to get him to talk .
Walt can suddenly see the life of everything , the fish swimming on the surface , the actual blue of the water .
His neck aches like hell .
His hands and wrists are swollen stiff .
His lips are chapped and bleeding .
He ’s numb and warm .
His tongue is swollen , his eyes dry .
He thinks he ’s floated much farther out , but he really has no point of reference .
No one even knows the exact direction in which he and Christopher floated .
He has survived the night , he realizes , for nothing .
He stares forward , shielding his face from the sun with his arm , and then looks back down to the water , thinking of Christopher .
–
At 7:15 am , on the deck of a recreational fishing boat called the Open Range , Shawn McMichael looks out and sees a reflection in the water .
Just turns his head , while the five other men on the deck are staring forward toward the horizon .
A glitter , something sparkling , something that maybe on a thousand other days would never catch his eye .
It could be anything , maybe one of the cruise - ship balloons that frequently float off the deck and then settle and shimmer on the surface .
Shawn looks again and sees movement .
Stanley Scott , the boat ’s owner , realizes it ’s a man .
Floating .
By himself , waving his arms .
The boat slows , turns hard , comes within 50 feet of him .
“ How did you get here ? ” Stanley shouts .
“ Where ’s your boat ? ”
The man is delirious , wo n’t stop yelling – they ca n’t get a word in .
He asks about someone named Christopher .
The men ease up to him , extend a boat pole out on the left side so he can grab onto it , and walk him around to the platform on the back end , by the engines .
It takes two guys to haul him in .
Dripping water , swollen , pale , shivering , jellyfish stings like long red scars on his legs .
The silver pendant dangling below his chin – that ’s what Shawn had seen reflecting .
“ I lost him ! ”
They sit him on a beanbag in the back of the boat .
“ I lost him ! ”
He repeats that phrase until they can get him to stop shouting and ask what he ’s talking about .
“ Christopher , Christopher …have you seen him ?
Oh , my God , have you seen him ? ”
The men drape a windbreaker over his shoulders , hand him a bottle of water .
He drinks six , one after the other .
“ He ’s a great swimmer .
He ’s a great swimmer … .
Oh , God , he ’s gone . ”
He has an amazing , preposterous story , all right .
He ’s floated nine miles northeast into the ocean from Ponce Inlet .
The men do n’t say a word .
They ’re in awe .
They get the coast guard on the radio and tell them they ’ve found a man named Walter Marino , and his autistic son is still missing .
Walt shivers and sniffles in the boat .
He calls his younger sister , Linda , and tells her that he ’s alive .
The night before , Linda had not been able to sleep , knowing her brother and nephew were missing .
She stayed up with her elderly mother and father , calling the pastor at the church and asking him what to do .
“ We ’re going to pray for a miracle , ” he had told her .
Robyn and Ed stayed up too , in fear for Christopher ’s life , Robyn convulsing , so sick that Ed almost called 911 .
Angela had gone to sleep thinking about how her dad had once told her he wanted his ashes scattered , and that she could n’t remember where .
Walt tells Linda now that Christopher is still missing , that he ’s been in the water 13 hours .
“ My God , that ’s a long time , ” she says .
He calls Robyn , too , gritting his teeth .
“ Tell Angela I ’m alive , ” he says .
His voice is weak , raspy .
She can barely tell it ’s him .
“ Walt ? ” she shouts .
“ We ’ve lost Christopher , ” he says .
“ What ?
What ?
How ?
Where is he ? ”
She ’s hysterical , asking about her son .
She ’s talking so fast , asking so many questions that he does n’t want to answer , so he hangs up .
An orange - and - white coast guard boat pulls up next to the Open Range at 9 am .
For an hour and a half , Walt has been sitting on the beanbag , moaning .
A door opens on the side of the boat , and two men pull Walt inside .
He waves goodbye to the guys on the Open Range , who stand in stupefaction .
The ship ’s captain asks
Walt if he wants to be taken to the hospital or stay on the boat as they go search for Christopher .
“ Let ’s go , ” Walt says .
But he chooses to sit below in the cabin , because he does n’t want to be there when someone spots Christopher floating on his stomach , bloated , dead – he does n’t want to be the one .
So he ’s escorted down a flight of stairs to a room filled with life jackets and flare guns .
An officer in charge of keeping an eye on Walt sits opposite on a bench and says only , “ You look like you regret something .
Do you regret something ? ”
Walt just shakes his head in his hands – he does n’t want to talk .
All the way from Clearwater , out of the skies above northeastern Florida , the Jayhawk helicopter rides 100 feet above the water .
It ’s got a bright orange tail and white - striped body , like the fish from Finding Nemo .
At 300 feet the trained men aboard can see gulls hitting the surface , but they ’re flying even lower this morning , as low as they can go , because they ’re looking for a 12 - year - old boy .
The helicopter goes into a right - hand orbit , circling once , then again , initially lowering to 50 feet .
The flight mechanic had seen the dark - brown hair and white face in the tide line , had seen a body floating there , bobbing .
Tom Emerick , a rescue swimmer , is already wearing a shorty wetsuit and puts on a black mask with a snorkel .
Lowered 20 feet down by a thick hoist cable , Emerick hits the water feetfirst .
He swims toward Christopher , the boy ’s small pale eyes staring at him , unblinking .
Emerick signals for the helicopter to send the basket down .
It ’s 9:15 am , three miles from where his father had been discovered two hours earlier .
“ Hi , how you doing , my name is Tom , ” Emerick says .
Christopher says nothing , barely makes a move – just watches as Emerick pulls him into the stainless - steel basket .
“ Do n’t climb out of it , okay , buddy ? ” he shouts .
It ’s deafening beneath the whir .
The rotor wash is coming down so hard that it stings them , nearly suffocates them .
Christopher rides up in the basket silently , looking down at Emerick still in the water , studying him like a piece of string .
In the stomach of the helicopter , Emerick wraps a wool blanket over Christopher ’s shoulders , checks his breathing , his pulse , has him track his index finger with his eyes .
He asks him if he wants something to drink , and when Christopher does n’t answer , he makes a motion with his hands to emulate taking a sip from a cup , and Christopher nods .
Sitting on a bench in the helicopter , he shivers , freckles beneath the dark hair .
His skin is warm ; he ’s slightly hypothermic .
But other than the jellyfish stings , there does n’t appear to be anything the matter with him .
Robyn and Ed take Christopher home on September 8 , after he stays one night at Halifax hospital in Daytona .
He can barely walk , so they carry him back and forth from his bed to the bathroom .
He ca n’t put any weight on his legs because of the jellyfish stings .
He ’s dehydrated .
He eats carrot sticks , bananas , pieces of chicken .
They let him watch Disney movies , tuck him under his Tigger and Pooh bedsheets .
Robyn goes in and sits beside him , asks him softly what he saw out there in the ocean , what it was like .
Two days , and she asks him this several times , and finally he tells her : “ It was dark . ” A whole sentence .
Robyn and Ed have a beautiful home on a quiet street with a pool out back that Christopher can play in .
The property is bolted down so tight , Christopher can never elope .
The front and back doors have key locks on the inside as well as the outside .
The garage is locked .
There are locks on all the sliding doors .
The house has an alarm system , with a chime function .
When Robyn was living alone with Angela and Christopher , he was nearly impossible to care for , and as a single mother she felt she had no other choice but to put him in a place where other people could take care of him 24 hours a day .
He got kicked out of day care because he bit other children .
They had to put a harness on the bus for him , a five - point seat belt , because without it he ’d run up and down the aisles , hitting students and even the driver .
Christopher split his weekends between Robyn and Walt and stayed at the group home on weekdays .
When Robyn and Ed first saw Walt after the incident , it was on the dock , as he stepped off the coast guard boat ; he was sunburned and babbling like a child .
They did n’t have the energy to confront him , to yell at him , to tell him they had been right .
They were just happy that Christopher was alive .
Three weeks after he comes home from the hospital , Christopher is named grand marshal of the parade at Disney World .
Robyn and Ed make sure to keep a sharp eye on him the whole time and to hold his hand .
He gets a Florida Safety Hero award .
He gets to stand on the bridge of a coast guard cutter and pretend to drive .
In January , Walt moves to Vancouver , Washington , just across the bridge from Portland .
He takes a job contracting with the FDIC , closing a bank , for good money , and thus has to live so far away .
He flies back to Florida on Friday evenings every two weeks just so he can spend a day and a half with Christopher and Angela before getting up at 4 am on Mondays and flying back .
When he drops Angela off at Robyn and Ed ’s house , they do not wave at him as he leaves .
He lives in a hotel room , a suite with comfortable furniture and a nice bed , big wooden cabinets where he can store his things .
He goes to the bank in the morning , watches cable in the hotel after work , and lounges around in his sweatpants and gray Columbia fleece pullover .
He shares a white Pontiac Vibe hatchback with one of his co-workers .
He ’s a tall guy , 46 years old , a little pudgy , with high blood pressure .
In March , Walt goes to Florida and takes Christopher back out to the beach at Ponce Inlet .
They sit up in the front seat of the Celica listening to an audiotape of The Aristocats .
Christopher eats a bag of Doritos Cool Ranch chips and , later , two McDonald ’s double cheeseburgers , layer by layer .
“ Aaah , eeehh , uhhhhh ! ” he shouts , off and on .
They drive by the mall where he was found in the fountain with the pennies .
“ Wow , dude ! ” Walt says , looking into the empty bag .
He leans in and puts his face right up to Christopher ’s , almost touching his nose , and says , “ You ’re my best buddy . ”
Christopher giggles and then stares at the passing cars .
Christopher walks on the beach and looks around , then goes into a bathroom to put on his swim trunks .
He dips his feet into the water , recoils upon discovering how cold it is .
The waves press into the rocks , the jetty long and uneven out to the ocean .
Christopher lies on his stomach in the sand , laughing .
But when Walt takes him back to the group home at around 9:30 that night , Christopher , who had been silent and mostly calm the entire day , looks at his father , then throws his cup of McDonald ’s water at the car window .
When Walt gets out of the car in front of the group home , Christopher runs into the empty street and sits on the concrete of the cul - de- sac , beneath the streetlight .
He looks lost and frightened in the glow .
He starts hitting his head with his fists and shouting at the top of his lungs .
“ Please , buddy , please , ” Walt begs .
Walt puts his hands under Christopher ’s arms and tries to stand him up .
Christopher wo n’t budge .
Walt ’s voice quivers , “ I know you do n’t want me to leave , man , but I have to . ”
He manages to stand Christopher upright and drag him about 20 feet toward the door of the home , and then Christopher jumps at him , sinks his teeth into Walt ’s arm , so Walt lets go and falls halfway to the ground .
It had been so easy to forget all day .
Walt cries out in pain .
“ Why , Christopher , why ? ”
Tears are running down his face , with nothing but the back of his bitten arm to wipe them away .
Christopher just stands there .
–
Walt has tried to imagine what that night was like for Christopher .
He has imagined it repeatedly , in his sleep , at his work , in his rented hotel suite with the curtains drawn , the empty plastic soup containers on the counter .
He has imagined Christopher giggling and splashing , the fish touching his back and arms ; Christopher staring in awe at the dolphin snouts and falling stars , soothed by the foam tops of the waves ; has imagined the whole night was like this one big adventure , the biggest adventure Christopher will ever have in his life , floating on his back as the water warmed his ears , in wonder as the sounds changed beneath the surface ; has imagined that those sounds captivated his son ’s imagination , and that since Christopher loves to float and swim more than anything , perhaps he even had fun .
And the phosphorescence , the most colorful thing , he hopes it passed his son in a trail on the top of the water , long and thin , sparkling there like something hopeful ; prays that Christopher got to see it .
He has to believe he did .
He can just picture Christopher sticking his hand in the filmy substance , holding it up to the moonlight , slick and shiny and Disney green .
In fact , he can not bring himself to imagine anything else .
Walt aches for the day , a day that will probably never come , when he ’ll be able to actually talk to Christopher , and ask him about what he saw and what he felt and what he was thinking , how he survived .
But really , all he can do is wonder .
This story appeared in the November 2009 issue .
For access to exclusive gear videos , celebrity interviews , and more , subscribe on YouTube !
Derek Lowe of Corante ’s ‘ In the Pipeline ’ ( a drug - discovery blog ) points to this graph in an article by Bristol - Myers Squibb ’s Stephen Johnson , titled , The Trouble with QSAR ( OR How I Stopped Worrying and Embrace Fallacy ) .
Lowe writes ,
‘ The most arresting part of the article is the graph found in its abstract .
No mention is made of it in the text , but none has to be .
It ’s a plot of the US highway fatality rate versus the tonnage of fresh lemons imported from Mexico , and I have to say , it ’s a pretty darn straight line .
I ’ve seen a lot shakier plots used to justify some sweeping conclusions , and if those were justified , well , then I ’m forced to conclude that Mexican lemons have improved highway safety a great deal .
The vitamin C , maybe ?
The fragrance ?
Bioflavanoids ?
‘ None of the above , of course .
Correlation , tiresomely , once again refuses to imply causation , even when you ask it nicely . ’
I ’m sure the readers of Steve ’s Politics Blog know the difference between correlation and causality but it is always nice to have an amusing refresher .
BTW , In The Pipeline is one of the many blogs in the Corante family .
Check them out ; you may find a few that interest you .
[ I stumbled upon Corante years ago and then met the founder , Hylton Jolliffe , at the tennis courts where , to my surprise , I learned he is the son of one of my tennis buddies . ]
I now return you to your hard - core politics and economics .
- RichardH
Greek Orthodox Church opposes EU crucifix ban
|PIC1 | The Greek Orthodox Church has come out in opposition to a ban on crucifixes in classrooms in Italy .
It wants to see Christians across Europe unite in opposition to the ruling by the European Court of Human Rights last week which stated that the presence of crucifixes in the classroom violates religious and educational freedoms .
The head of the Greek Orthodox Church , Archbishop Ieronymos , echoed the outcry from the Catholic Church in Italy when he said that the EHCR had ignored the role of Christianity in Europe ’s history and development , reports the BBC .
He argued that majorities , not only minorities , had rights .
According to the BBC , the Orthodox Church is to hold an emergency Holy Synod to hash out a plan of action against the ban , which it fears could trigger similar rulings concerning the public display of Christian symbols in other European countries .
Human rights group Helsinki Monitor is already seeking the removal of icons of Jesus Christ from Greek courts and an end to swearing Christian oaths in the witness box .
It also wants to see the removal of Christian symbols from Greek schools .
According to the ECHR , the display of crucifixes in Italian public schools is in violation of the European Convention on Human Rights , particularly in relation to the right to education and the freedom of thought , conscience and religion .
The Strasbourg - based court said the presence of the crucifix " could easily be interpreted by pupils of all ages as a religious sign and they would feel that they were being educated in a school environment bearing the stamp of a given religion " .
“ This could be encouraging for religious pupils , but also disturbing for pupils who practised other religions or were atheists , particularly if they belonged to religious minorities , ” it added .
Italy is to appeal the ruling , arguing that the cross has become much more than a symbol of the Church to the Italian people and is a symbol of Italian and European history and tradition .
A while ago , a list titled 10 Great Achievements of the Human Mind was published on listverse .
I really enjoyed the list , and I thought the author did an exceptional job on it .
The list presented “ ten works of superlative genius , in no particular order . ”
Despite this qualifier , some people complained about the order of the list and commented that the list was too Eurocentric .
In response , a challenge was issued several times to present Ten Great Achievements of the non-European mind .
I would hardly call myself an expert , and I approach this subject through a Eurocentric lens , but I am intrigued by this challenge .
My list is different in that I am concentrating on the areas of medicine , science and mathematics and largely ignoring literature , music and art .
In addition , I think it is important to note that a lot of the contributions of non-Europeans have not been attributed to a specific individual but , nevertheless , reflect great achievements of the human mind .
Also , while I understand the pride that people have in the accomplishments of their geographical and cultural forebears , this pride should never serve to denigrate a perceived lack of achievement in other groups .
We are all human , and we can all take pride in these historical accomplishments .
Finally , there are plenty of other great non-Europeans that I did not include – perhaps that can be for another few lists .
Without further ado , I present ten non-European men of superlative genius , in no particular order .
10 Imhotep 2650 – 2600 BC
Imhotep , an Egyptian polymath , is the first physician , architect and engineer whose name is known to history .
He was high priest of Ra and chancellor to the Pharoah Djoser of the Third Dynasty .
So great was his legacy that , despite being a commoner , he was granted divinity after his death .
Imhotep was revered as a poet and fifteen hundred years after his death a song praised his acuity with language : “ I have heard the words of Imhotep and Hordedef , with whose discourses men speak so much . ”
As an architect and engineer , he designed the 62 metre tall step pyramid for Djoser and is credited with the first known use of columns .
Below his pyramid his name and title are given as “ seal - bearer of the King of Lower Egypt , first one under the king , administrator of the Great Mansion , prince , chief of seers . ”
As a physician , a writing attributed to him was devoid of supernatural reasoning and made remarkable descriptions of various ailments and cures along with anatomical descriptions .
9 Zhang Heng 78 – 139 AD
A native of central China , Zhang Heng was an artist , poet , mathematician , geographer , astronomer , and statesman of the Eastern Han Dynasty ( 25 - 220 AD ) .
As an artist , he was considered among the four greatest of his time and his poetry was acclaimed by contemporaries and later commentators .
Zhang
Heng invented an early but efficient seismograph which could detect the direction of an earthquake up to 500 km ( 310 miles ) away .
In addition , he improved the accuracy of the Chinese water clock and invented both an odometer and a mechanical chariot that always pointed south .
Zhang also improved the armillary sphere , adding the horizon and meridian rings .
Not satisfied with a static three - dimensional model of the heavens , Zhang used complex gears and water power to make the globe rotate in order to display the changing positions of the heavens by season .
He added a rotating pillar that portrayed the waxing and the waning of the moon .
As an astronomer , he mapped and catalogued a total of 2,500 stars , more than twice as many as Ptolemy ( 83 – 161 AD ) .
He believed in a geocentric model of the universe and discussed the spherical shape of the moon , the nature of solar and lunar eclipses , and the waxing and waning of the moon .
His epitaph , written by his friend Cui Ziyu read , in part : “ The excellence of his talent and the splendor of his art were one with those of the gods . ”
8 Sushruta 600 BC
Sushruta , an ancient Indian physician , is considered by many to be the father of surgery .
The work attributed to him and later followers bears his name , the Sushruta Samhita .
Sushruta demonstrated knowledge of the circulation of blood and lymph and of the arteries .
Sushruta connected obesity with heart disorders and diabetes , recommending physical activity in order to cure it .
He conducted surgery for curing kidney stones and accurately described and recommended treatments for angina pectoris , hypertension , and leprosy .
Sushruta laid the foundation for plastic surgery and related various methods for covering physical defects using skin grafts and other methods .
He also described methods for labioplasty ( the reduction in size of the labial hood ) and rhinoplasty ( nose surgery ) .
The Sushruta Samhita travelled from the Arab world and reached Italy by the sixteenth century .
The first major rhinoplasty in the western world was completed by Joseph Constantine Carpue in 1815 , after having studied Indian methods for twenty years .
7 Abu Al - Qasim 936-1013 AD
Abu Al - Qasim , better known to the West as Abulcasis , was an Arabic surgeon , physician , and scientist from Spain .
Considered by many to be the father of modern surgery , his medical text , Kitab Al Tasrif , profoundly influenced Islamic and European surgical procedure .
He gave the earliest recorded description of hemophilia and described the Kocher method for treating dislocated shoulders long before it was described by its nineteenth century namesake .
He specialized in cauterization and amputation and invented or improved over two hundred surgical instruments .
His inventions included surgical needles and forceps as well as devices for the inspection of the ear , the inspection of the urethra ’s interior , and the removal of foreign bodies from the throat .
His use of catgut for internal stitching is still used today .
Al - Qasim also described how to ligature blood vessels during surgery and how to prepare medication by sublimation and distillation .
He performed and described operations in the areas of Ophthalmology , Otolaryngology , Obstetrics , Urology , and Orthopaedics .
He stressed a positive relationships between doctors and patients and careful observation and diagnosis of illnesses .
His Kitab Al Tasrif was highly influential in the Islamic world and was the definitive medical text for Western surgeons for nearly five hundred years .
6 Ibn Khaldun 1332 AD – 1406 AD
Ibn Khaldun was a brilliant North African polymath of Arab descent who was born Tunis but travelled extensively throughout North Africa .
He was a statesman , philosopher , Islamic theologian and jurist , historian , astronomer , mathematician , economist , poet , and social scientist and is widely considered to be the father of historiography , cultural history , demography , philosophy of history , and sociology .
Although his greatest interest was in history , his contributions in other areas were extensive .
His writings anticipated later sociology and economics .
Arnold J. Toynbee , the British historian , called Ibn Khaldun ’s most famous work , the Muqadimmah , “ a philosophy of history which is undoubtedly the greatest work of its kind that has ever been created by any mind in any time or place . ”
Toynbee also stated that Ibn Khaldun “ appears to have been inspired by no predecessors , and to have found no kindred souls among his contemporaries , and to have no answering spark or inspiration in any successors . ”
5 Shen Kuo 1031 - 1095 AD
Active during the Song dynasty ( 960 - 1127 AD ) , Shen Kuo was a brilliant Chinese scientist , mathematician , cartographer , engineer , and statesman .
As a mathematician , he conceived of techniques that paved the way for high - order arithmetic progressions and spherical trigonometry .
Shen hypothesized the concept of gradual climate change through his observations of fossilized bamboo in northern China .
He also hypothesized that land formations were the result of geomorphology based upon his observations of inland marine fossils , soil erosion , and silt buildup .
He improved the designs of various astronomical tools including the spherical astrolabe and the triangular blade of the sundial .
Shen fixed the position of the pole star and corrected lunar and solar errors .
He was the first to discover true north through his experiments with the magnetic compass .
He worked extensively with optics , discussing the formation of rainbows by refraction , focal points , concave inversion , and describing the geometric and quantitive properties of the pinhole camera .
In the field of archaeology , Shen recommended the use of metallurgy , geometry and optics to study the artifacts of the ancients .
He also used the sight from an ancient crossbow he had uncovered to calculate the height of a distant mountain , using it as the survey device now known as Jacob ’s staff .
Despite his scientific interest , he never developed a scientific method and had a deep interest in the occult and the supernatural .
4 Ibn Rushd 1126 – 1198 AD
Ibn Rushd , better known to the west as Averroes , was an Arabic polymath born and educated in Cordova , Spain and active in both Spain and Morocco .
He was an Islamic theologian , jurist and philosopher with interests in geography , medicine , mathematics and physics .
As a physician , Ibn Rushd wrote extensively on Arabic medicine .
He supported dissection , suggested the existence of Parkinson ’s disease , and was the first to identify the retina as a photoreceptor .
Along with the Byzantine copies of Aristotle ’s writings , Ibn Rushd ’s commentaries on Aristotle were translated into Latin and allowed for the re-emergence of Aristotle ’s thought in Western Europe .
His writings influenced Maimonides and Thomas Aquinas and were highly influential in Europe for nearly four centuries .
Ibn Rushd ’s argument for the separation of science and philosophy from theology helped pave the way for secularism .
Although he was not the first Arab philosopher to do so , he often wrote that existence precedes essence , a central claim later to be found in existentialism .
Ibn Rushd also argued that men and women were equal , claiming that women and men possessed equal abilities to excel in war and in peace and citing examples of female warriors and generals throughout history .
His influence was overwhelming in shaping Western European philosophy and theology as well as Arabic Islamic thought .
3 Aryabhata 476-550 AD
Aryabata I was an early Indian Mathematician and Astronomer who worked in the city of Kusumapura in north central India .
His great works were Aryabhitiya ( c. 499 ) and the Aryabhatasiddhanta , a text which is now only preserved in the works of commentators .
His works include the first recorded usage of decimal place value and algebra .
His independent calculation of the value pi was correct to eight places .
He defined sine and cosine and utilized fractions , square and cube roots , diophantine and quadratic equations .
Aryhabata contended , contrary to Vedic tradition , that the earth was round and rotated daily .
In fact , many commentators later altered his text in order to cover up what they viewed as an error – the axial rotation of the earth .
Some have argued that he supported a heliocentric view of the solar system , but others question how this can be extrapolated from his writings .
Aryabata produced a highly accurate calendar and initiated the practice of beginning each day counting from midnight .
His calculation of the circumference of the earth was only off by about 110 kilometres ( 67 miles ) while his calculation of the length of a year was only off by 3 minutes and 20 seconds .
Aryabhata accurately described why eclipses , solstices , and equinoxes happen .
India ’s first satellite , launched in 1975 , was named Aryabhata in his honour .
2 Abu Rayhan Biruni 973 – 1048 AD
Abu Rayhan Biruni was a Persian mathematician , theologian , philosopher , astronomer , geographer and historian who was born near the Aral Sea in Khwarazm .
He was fluent in Persian , Arabic , Greek , Hebrew Khwarezmian and Syriac and had knowledge of Hindi and Latin .
While he wrote 146 books largely on astronomy , astrology , geography and mathematics , only 22 of these works have survived .
As an astronomer , he was critical of astrology because of its reliance on supposition rather than empirical evidence .
His study of India exposed him to Indian theories of axial rotation and heliocentricity .
Biruni was meticulous in his observations and gathering of empirical data .
He refused to dismiss data that contradicted his theories out of his concern for accuracy .
After reading the work of the Indian astronomer and mathematician , Brahmagupta ( 598 – 665 AD ) , Biruni observed and confirmed the attraction of all things towards the centre of the Earth .
He also correctly contended that the distance between the earth and the sun was greater than Ptolemy ’s estimate .
Biruni theorized on the elliptical orbits of the planets .
Biruni is the father of geodesy , the three dimensional measurement of the earth .
His measurement of the radius of the Earth was only off by 16.8 km ( 10.4 miles ) and he created highly accurate maps that correctly represented the distance between cities .
He is among the earliest proponents of the experimental scientific method and used it in mineralogy to carefully measure and catalogue various stones and metals .
The weights he gave for the minerals are correct to three decimal places .
Biruni has been called the father of anthropology and objectively observed and recorded the culture and religion of various groups by immersing himself in their language and texts .
He stands among the greatest scholars that the world has ever produced .
1 Ibn Sina 980 – 1037 AD
Ibn Sina , better known to the West as Avicenna , was a Persian polymath renowned for his philosophy and medical expertise .
He had memorized the Koran by the age of ten , mastered what was known of physics , metaphysics , logic , and mathematics by sixteen , and completed his study of medicine by the age of 21 .
His Canon of Medicine was a 14 volume medical encyclopedia which was used throughout Europe and the Islamic World until the eighteenth century .
His other famous work , the Book of Healing , was an encyclopedia of over 20 volumes on science and philosophy .
His medical writing was heavily influenced by Hippocrates , Galen , and Sushruta , and had a great impact on learning in Western Europe .
He introduced experimental medicine , risk factor analysis , quarantines , systematic experimentation in the study of physiology , and the idea of syndromes .
He observed and described contagious and sexually transmitted diseases , pioneered in the area of neuropsychiatry , theorized on the existence of micro-organisms , and laid the pharmacological foundations for testing the effectiveness of drugs .
Ibn Sina was the first to define the physical principle of momentum and define simple machines and mechanisms .
As a philosopher , he wrote extensively on logic , ethics , and metaphysics and successfully merged Aristotelianism and Neoplatonism .
His philosophy was leading school in Islam by the twelfth century , and philosophical works heavily influenced William of Auvergne , St Albertus Magnus , St Thomas Aquinas and the scholastics .
Ivn Sina is a national icon in Iran and has been recognized in both the East and the West as a towering figure in history .
George W. Bush is launching a free - market think tank .
The Washington Times reports :
With the Obama administration establishing far - reaching controls in the auto , real estate and financial sectors , Mr. Bush said that “ the role of government is not to create wealth , but to create the conditions that allow entrepreneurs and innovators to thrive . ”
So the guy who began the auto bailouts , whose federal “ Ownership Society ” was key in creating the biggest speculative bubble in memory , who had bragged in 2004 for having “ passed the strongest corporate reforms since Franklin Roosevelt , ” who trashed the Bill of Rights , inflated the welfare state and expanded government faster and in more directions than any president since Vietnam , if not since World War II — this guy is now promoting free markets and criticizing big government ?
This would be obscene if it were n’t so laughable .
100 + Examples of Brilliant Tilt - Shift Photography
“ Tilt - shift photography ” refers to the use of camera movements on small - and medium - format cameras , and sometimes specifically refers to the use of tilt for selective focus , often for simulating a miniature scene .
Sometimes the term is used when the shallow depth of field is simulated with digital post processing ; the name may derive from the tilt - shift lens normally required when the effect is produced optically .
There are many ways to attack photography and some are much more expensive than others .
Here in this showcase , we presenting a Stunning collection of Tilt - shift Photography and Pictures taken by various artists in which all pictures are linked to the author ’s pages .
You may want to explore further works of the photographers we ’ve featured below .
For those who do n’t know what is “ Tilt - shift ” in terms of Photography then , “ Tilt - shift ” actually encompasses two different types of movements : rotation of the lens plane relative to the image plane , called tilt , and movement of the lens parallel to the image plane , called shift .
Tilt is used to control the orientation of the plane of focus ( PoF ) , and hence the part of an image that appears sharp ; it makes use of the Scheimpflug principle .
Shift is used to change the line of sight while avoiding the convergence of parallel lines , as when photographing tall buildings .
You may be interested in the following related articles as well .
Feel free to join us and you are always welcome to share your thoughts that our readers may find helpful .
Do n’t forget to subscribe to our RSS - feed and follow us on Twitter — for recent updates .
Brilliant Examples of Tilt - Shift Photography
Photography can serve as a nice source of inspiration .
We designers , can derive inspiration from almost everything around , and this collection can fulfills your various photography inspiration related needs as the creativity in shooting photos is somewhat hot trend now days .
We can promise you that when you start browsing them farther in details it will surely refresh your memory .
Tilt Shift Photography Related Tutorials
Further Resources !
Find Something Missing ?
While compiling this list , it ’s always a possibility that we missed some other great photography work .
Feel free to share it with us .
Often , web applications will prompt the user to select a file , typically to upload to a server .
Unless the web application makes use of a plugin , file selection occurs through an HTML input element , of the sort < input type = " file " /> .
Firefox 3.6 now supports much of the W3C File API , which specifies the ability to asynchronously read the selected file into memory , and perform operations on the file data within the web application ( for example , to display a thumbnail preview of an image , before it is uploaded , or to look for ID3 tags within an MP3 file , or to look for EXIF data in JPEG files , all on the client side ) .
This is a new API , and replaces the file API that was introduced in Firefox 3 .
It is important to note that even before the advent of the W3C File API draft ( which only became a Working Draft in November 2009 ) , Firefox 3 and later provide the ability to read files into memory synchronously but that capability should be considered deprecated in favor of the new implementation in Firefox 3.6 of the asynchronous File API .
The deprecated API allowed you synchronously access a file :
// After obtaining a handle to a file // access the file data var dataURL = file.getAsDataURL ( ) ; img.src = dataURL ;
While Firefox 3.6 will continue to support code usage of the sort above , it should be considered deprecated since it reads files synchronously on the main thread .
For large files , this could result in blocking on the result of the read , which is n’t desirable .
Moreover , the file object itself provides a method to read from it , rather than having a separate reader object .
These considerations informed the technical direction of the new File API in Firefox 3.6 ( and the direction of the specification ) .
The rest of this article is about the newly introduced File API .
Accessing file selections
Firefox 3.6 supports multiple file selections on an input element , and returns all the files selected using the FileList interface .
Previous versions of Firefox only supported one selection of a file using the input element .
Additionally , the FileList interface is also exposed to the HTML5 Drag and Drop API as a property of the DataTransfer interface .
Users can drag and drop multiple files to a drop target within a web page as well .
The following HTML spawns the standard file picker , with which you can select multiple files :
Note that if you do n’t use the multiple attribute , you only enable single file selection .
You can work with all the selected files obtained either through the file picker ( using the input element ) or through the DataTransfer object by iterating through the FileList :
var files = document.getElementById(" inputFiles " ) .files ; // or , for a drag event e : // var dt = e.dataTransfer ; var files = dt.files for ( var i = 0 ; i < files.
length ; i++) { var file = files [ i ] ; handle File ( file ) ; }
Properties of files
Once you obtain a reference to an individually selected file from a FileList , you get a File object , which has name , type , and size properties .
Continuing with the code snippet above :
function handleFile ( file ) { // RegExp for JPEG mime type var imageType = / image / jpeg/ ; // Check if match if (!file.type.match(imageType ) ) { return false ; } //
Check if the picture exceeds set limit if ( file.size > maxSize ) { alert ( " Choose a smaller photo ! " ) ; return false ; } //
Add file name to page var picData = document.createTextNode(file.name ) ; dataGrid.appendChild( picData ) ; return true ; }
The size attribute is the file 's size , in bytes .
The name attribute is the file 's name , without path information .
The type attribute is an ASCII - encoded string in lower case representing the media type of the file , expressed as an RFC2046 MIME type .
The type attribute in particular is useful in sniffing file type , as in the example above , where the script determines if the file in question is a JPEG file .
If Firefox 3.6 cannot determine the file 's type , it will return the empty string .
Reading Files
Firefox 3.6 and beyond support the FileReader object to read file data asynchronously into memory , using event callbacks to mark progress .
The object is instantiated in the standard way :
var binaryReader = new FileReader ( ) ;
Event handler attributes are used to work with the result of the file read operation .
For very large files , it is possible to watch for progress events as the file is being read into memory ( using the onprogress event handler attribute to set the event handler function ) .
This is useful in scenarios where the drives in question may not be local to the hardware , or if the file in question is particularly big .
The FileReader object supports three methods to read files into memory .
Each allows programmatic access to the files data in a different format , though in practice only one read method should be called on a given FileReader object :
filereader.readAsBinaryString( file ) ; will asynchronously return a binary string with each byte represented by an integer in the range [ 0..255 ] .
This is useful for binary manipulations of a file 's data , for example to look for ID3 tags in an MP3 file , or to look for EXIF data in a JPEG image .
will asynchronously return a binary string with each byte represented by an integer in the range [ 0..255 ] .
This is useful for binary manipulations of a file 's data , for example to look for ID3 tags in an MP3 file , or to look for EXIF data in a JPEG image . filereader.readAsText( file , encoding ) ; will asynchronously return a string in the format solicited by the encoding parameter ( for example encoding = " UTF - 8 " ) .
This is useful for working with a text file , for example to parse an XML file .
will asynchronously return a string in the format solicited by the encoding parameter ( for example ) .
This is useful for working with a text file , for example to parse an XML file .
filereader.readAsDataURL( file ) ; will asynchronously return a Data URL .
Firefox 3.6 allows large URLs , and so this feature is particularly useful when a URL could help display media content in a web page , for example for image data , video data , or audio data .
An example helps tie this all together :
if ( files.length > 0 ) { if ( !handleFile ( files [ 0 ] ) ) { invalid.style.visibility =" visible " ; invalid.msg = " Select a JPEG Image " ; } } var binary Reader = new FileReader ( ) ; binaryReader.onload = function ( ) { var exif = findEXIFInJPG ( binaryReader.result ) ; if ( ! exif ) { // ... set up conditions for lack of data } else { // ... write out exif data } binary Reader .
onprogress = updateProgress ; binaryReader.onerror = errorHandler ; binaryReader.readAsBinaryString( file ) ; function updateProgress ( evt ) { // use lengthComputable , loaded , and total on ProgressEvent if ( evt.lengthComputable ) { var loaded = ( evt.loaded / evt.total ) ; if ( loaded < 1 ) { // update progress meter progMeter.style .width = ( loaded * 200 ) + " px " ; } } } function errorHandler ( evt ) { if(evt.target.error.code == evt.target.error.NOT_FOUND_ERR ) { alert ( " File Not Found ! " ) ; } }
In order to work with binary data , the use of the charCodeAt function exposed on strings will be particularly useful .
For instance , an utility of the sort :
function getByteAt ( file , idx ) { return file.charCodeAt( idx ) ; }
allows extraction of the Unicode value of the character at the given index .
An example of similar code in action in Firefox 3.6 , including use of the readAsDataURL method to render an image , as well as binary analysis of a JPEG for EXIF detection ( using the readAsBinary String method ) , can be found in Paul Rouget 's great demo of the File API ..
A word on the specification
The existence of a W3C public working draft of the File API holds the promise of other browsers implementing it shortly .
Firefox 3.6's implementation is fairly complete , but is missing some of the technology mentioned in the specification .
Notably , the urn feature on the File object is n't yet implemented , and neither is the ability to extract byte - ranges of files using the slice method .
A synchronous way to read files is n't yet implemented as part of Worker Threads .
These features will come in future versions of Firefox .
References
Shane in Provo , UT sent me an awesome DVD of the NHL 's greatest moments .
Shane said it was difficult finding something for me , but I think he did a great job !
Thanks Shane !
The Ohio Supreme Court has struck an important blow for privacy rights , ruling that the police need a warrant to search a cellphone .
The court rightly recognized that cellphones today are a lot more than just telephones , that they hold a wealth of personal information and that the privacy interest in them is considerable .
This was the first such ruling from a state supreme court .
It is a model for other courts to follow .
Searches generally require warrants , but courts have carved out limited categories in which they are not needed .
One of these is that police officers are allowed , when they arrest people , to search them and the area immediately surrounding them , as well as some kinds of containers in their possession .
When the police arrested Antwaun Smith on drug charges they seized his cellphone and searched it , examining his call records .
The police did not have a warrant or the consent of Mr. Smith .
The Ohio Supreme Court ruled this month , by a 4 - to - 3 vote , that the search violated the Fourth Amendment ’s protection against unreasonable search and seizure .
Rather than seeing a cellphone as a simple closed container , the majority noted that modern cellphones  especially ones that permit Internet access  are “ capable of storing a wealth of digitized information . ”
A tree data structure especially suited to storing configuration data , from Marcin Kalicinski and Sebastian Redl .
A bug preventing " fat " 32 - bit + 64 - bit builds on OSX has been fixed .
Boost .
CMake moved
The cmake version of boost has moved ; the Boost .
CMmake release will be separate and will lag the main release slightly , but will also be capable of producing patch releases as necessary .
More information on the Boost CMake wiki page .
You could get skilled with the piano after years of practice , but imagine how good you ’d be at playing an instrument you invented .
A college course and the iPhone are making that possible for computer - science students at the University of Michigan .
Now , at the end of the course , the class ensemble of 11 students are preparing to put on a live concert — one where every musician ’s instrument is an iPhone .
Taught by Georg Essl , an assistant professor of computer science and music , the course ( titled “ Building a Mobile Phone Ensemble “ ) trains students to code their own musical instruments for the iPhone , using the Apple - provided software - development kit .
“ What ’s interesting is we blend the whole process , ” Essl said in a phone interview with Wired.com .
“ We start from nothing .
We teach the programming of iPhones for multimedia stuff , and then we teach students to build their own instruments . ”
“ We do n’t stop there , ” he continued .
“ We do n’t just see this as an engineering exercise .
We want to do the whole process where we start from nothing , and then we go to performance next week in a live concert , where people can come and listen to the outcome of what students have learned in the course . ”
The advantage of digital music can be seen in instruments as far back as the electric guitar : the flexibility to manipulate bits of code to create different sounds , superseding the limitations of a traditional analog instrument .
Naturally , technological advancement keeps raising electronic sound to new heights .
In recent years , musicians have been experimenting with gadgets ranging from laptops to high - tech cellos , and from cellphones to bent circuits .
Essl said he ’s been playing music with mobile phones since 2005 , but the iPhone is unique because it starts out as a highly sophisticated blank slate with multiple sensors : a full touchscreen , a microphone , GPS , compass , wireless sensor and accelerometer .
Using the iPhone SDK and some supplemental audio tools provided by Essl , students in the course learn to program the device to play different sounds , based on the information it receives from one of its multitude of sensors .
Tapping the display , shaking the phone or blowing air into the mic , for example , can all translate into different sounds .
Students in the class are experimenting with the iPhone in a wild variety of ways , Essl said .
One student ’s instrument uses the iPhone ’s video - savvy screen and microphone to synesthetically work the relationship between color and sound .
Another student is exploring what the iPhone can do with feedback and distortion .
“ I think it ’s an interesting spread , ” Essl said .
“ People come to it not with a literal sense of , ‘ I know piano .
I want to build a mobile phone piano . ’
They have a concept . ”
The Michigan Mobile Phone Ensemble will perform Dec. 9 at 8 p.m. in the university ’s Britton Recital Hall .
See a video of the ensemble in a practice session above , and a video overview of the class below .
See Also :
Good news is n’t always easy to come by when it comes to issues related to health , the economy , or the environment in developing nations .
However , there are a host of new technologies trying to ensure that changes .
Here are nine green tech projects , the big and the small , taking place in the developing world , doing their part to make this world a better place .
Stripped Down Tech Innovations
A Windmill Made of Junk Powers Small Malawi Village
William Kamkwamba could n’t afford his $ 80 school tuition , but that was n’t going to stop him from learning .
While other 14 year olds might look for ways to ditch class , Kamkwamba was doing quite the opposite , and sneaking in .
Despite his noble intentions , a teacher eventually caught him and kicked him out .
This led him to do something even more out of teenage character , seek refuge in a library .
While there , he came across a book on windmills titled Using Energy .
The book described how windmills could be used to generate electricity .
Because only two percent of Malawians have electricity , he became determined to power his village by building his very own windmill .
Kamkwamba scoured through junkyards for bicycle parts , garbage - slime - clogged plastic pipes , tractor fans and car batteries .
For the tower , he collected wood from blue - gum trees .
Though people initially made fun of him , upon completing his first windmill ( which powered four lights and two radios in his family home ) Kamkwamaba successfully went on to construct five windmills , including one at a local school that teaches classes on windmill - building .
Subsequently , members of the TED community got together to help him improve his system ( by incorporating solar energy ) .
Other projects on the agenda will include : clean water , malaria prevention , solar power and lighting for the six homes in his family compound ; a deep - water well with a solar - powered pump for clean water ; and a drip irrigation system .
Watch his TED talk
Harnessing the Airwaves
Yet another story to come out of Malawi is that of 21 - year - old , Gabriel Kondesi , who built his own radio station , harnessing airwaves using three small transistor radios , car batteries , TV aerials , wires , and a radio cassette player .
In order to ensure proper sound insulation and reduce echoes , he built the structure out of brick .
To aid transmission , he made sure to have a relatively high foundation , covered by a grass roof .
The station was named Pachikweza , which , in the local Chichewa language , means “ something very high ” .
Pachikweza broadcast at 105.1 FM and he answered listeners ’ calls via his Nokia cell phone .
Even though his village of Soza has no electricity , Kondesi would dutifully walk to an out - of - town barbershop to recharge the station ’s cell phone and the car battery that powered the whole station .
With a staff of 10 volunteers , working in 3 hour intervals , the station would broadcast news from neighboring villages and provide its listeners with amusing stories and jokes .
Unfortunately , when police heard the broadcast , they shut it down and arrested Kondesi on the basis that he was operating without a license .
Kondesi tried applying for a license for two years , to no avail .
Censorship and political interference choke what could be of potential influence , even something as small scale as a local radio station .
Kondesi was subject to penalty , either pay 50,000 kwacha ( approximately US$ 350 an extremely high amount in Malawi ) , or go to prison for 10 months .
The story made national headlines and he spent only a night in prison before family , neighbors , friends and fans of his radio station pooled their limited resources to pay the fine .
Though his radio station remains closed , Kondesi says : “ The people of the village expect me to continue broadcasting to them because I used to give them the opportunity to express themselves .
Everybody ’s expecting a lot from me so I will continue to be a radio broadcaster ” .
Good Thinking !
Aquaduct Mobile Filtration Vehicle
With over 1.1 billion of the world ’s population lacking access to clean drinking water , a group of inventors from the U.S. created this funny looking tricycle which uses pedal power to both transport and filter clean drinking water .
Women are most often responsible for water gathering duties , and it can sometimes be miles before the nearest water source .
The Aquaduct Mobile Filtration Vehicle cuts travel time , and ensures clean , filtered drinking water .
It comprises a 20 gallon storage tank fitted on the back , a built - in filter , a belt drive , a clutch connected to an idler pulley , and a peristaltic pump .
Cooking with Clean Burning Stoves
A large majority of households in Africa , Asia as well as in Latin America rely on traditional biomass fuels for cooking , such as wood , dung , coal , charcoal and agricultural residues .
Not only are these fuels inefficient energy carriers , their heat is difficult to control , they produce dangerous emissions , and their current rate of extraction is not sustainable for forests .
The World Health Organisation ( WHO ) estimates that toxic emissions from cooking stoves are responsible for causing 1.6 million premature deaths a year , half of them among children under five years old .
Responding to the dire need to create more efficient and less hazardous clean burning stoves , there are now a host of organizations , such as GlobalResolve , Envirofit and ProWorld Service Corps addressing the problem with higher efficiency stoves .
The ProWorld stoves for instance , are made entirely from ceramic and assembled with fresh mud , making them easy to maintain and repair .
The stoves cost $ 15 and greatly reduce indoor smoke inhalation as well as reduce fuel consumption by 20 - 60 percent .
What ’s the Big Idea ?
Here are FIVE …
Solar Photovoltaic Farms - Portugal
Portugal produces 1/3 of its energy from renewable sources .
In having to quickly respond to a shortage of oil , coal and gas , Portugal is now an EU leader in the clean tech revolution .
In less than three years , Portugal has trebled its hydropower capacity , quadrupled its wind power , and is investing in more photovoltaic plants .
What is to be the world ’s largest solar photovoltaic farm is taking shape near Moura , generating electricity straight from sunlight .
It is expected to supply 45 MW of electricity each year , enough to power 30,000 homes .
Mexico City ’s Urban Bus System
This innovative bus system has dramatically reduced traffic congestion and pollution in Mexico City .
Metrobús has reduced carbon dioxide emissions from Mexico City traffic by an estimated 80,000 tons a year .
The new buses , which operate on clean - burning ultra - low - sulfur diesel fuel , make more than 450,000 trips per day .
Geothermal Energy - Philippines
The Philippines is the largest consumer of electricity through geothermal energy , and second only to the U.S. for geothermal energy production in the world .
Geothermal energy is the heat energy from within the earth .
Hot springs , geysers and steam inside the earth ’s crust can be used to produce electricity , heat buildings and as long as rain falls , it is a completely renewable resource .
Ethanol Fuel - Brazil
Brazil has the largest sugar cane crop in the world , and is the largest exporter of ethanol in the world .
With the 1973 oil crisis , the Brazilian government initiated , in 1975 , the Pró -Álcool program .
The Pró -Álcool or Programa Nacional do Álcool ( National Alcohol Program ) was a nation - wide program financed by the government to phase out all automobile fuels derived from fossil fuels in favour of ethanol .
The program successfully reduced by 10 million , the number of cars running on gasoline , ultimately reducing the country ’s dependence on oil imports .
Wind Farms - India
India relies heavily on coal , so in order to reduce their dependence on this polluting fossil fuel , the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy ( MNRE ) is aiming to have 6,000 MW of additional wind power capacity installed by 2012 .
Moreover , companies as well as individuals will get tax breaks for investing in green energy , especially wind farms .
The development of wind power in India began in the 1990 ’s and has significantly increased in the last few years .
India is home to one of the world ’s largest wind power company ’s , Suzlon Energy .
Suzlon is the largest wind turbine manufacturer in Asia ( 5th worldwide ) and operates a 584 MW wind park in the Western Ghats - Tamil Nadu– the state with the most wind generating capacity and the largest wind park in the world .
Despite the fact that wind power accounts for 6 percent of India ’s total installed power capacity it only generates 1.6 percent of the country ’s power .
For this reason , the government is considering the addition of incentives for ongoing operation of installed wind power plants .
Ubisoft has released a statement today , revealing that the next instalment in the Prince of Persia series will named Prince of Persia : The Forgotten Sands .
According to Ubisoft , the game is currently scheduled for a release in May 2010 on consoles and handhelds .
It was also stated that the game will “ feature many of the fan - favorite elements from the original series as well as new gameplay innovations that gamers have come to expect from the Prince of Persia brand . ”
The game will officially be revealed during the VGA ceremony , which takes place on December 8th .
Be sure to Click LIKE at the bottom of this article , and share it everywhere !!
By Craig Andresen – The National Patriot and Right Side Patriots – Commentar ...
1 week ago
Muslim father runs over his daughter in fatal attack because she was ' too westernised ' in America
A young Iraqi woman whose father allegedly ran her over because she became ' too westernised ' has died in hospital .
Noor Faleh Almaleki , 20 , underwent spinal surgery and was in a coma for nearly two weeks before she finally succumbed to her horrific injuries .
Police said her father mowed down her and her boyfriend 's mother with his Jeep as the women were walking across a car park in the west Phoenix suburb of Peoria , Arizona , U.S .
Dead : Noor Faleh Almaleki was allegedly mowed down by her father who family members said was angry that she had become ' too westernised '
Crime scene :
The car park in Arizona where Faleh Hassan Almaleki is accused of driving a jeep at his 20 - year - old daughter and a family friend
Peoria police spokesman Mike Tellef said Noor died in hospital yesterday , but the other woman , Amal Edan Khalaf , 43 , was expected to survive .
Noor 's father , 48 - year - old Faleh Hassan Almaleki believed his daughter was not living according to his traditional Iraqi values , police said .
Mr Tellef said the family moved to the Phoenix area in the mid-1990s , and Almaleki was unhappy with his daughter 's style of dress and her resistance to his rules .
Family members said he attacked his daughter and ploughed into her and her boyfriend 's mother in the parking area to get his revenge .
On trail : Faleh Hassan Almalek faces life in jail if convicted of charges relating to his daughter 's death
Almaleki fled the scene and was on the run for 10 days until he was arrested by U.S. Marshals in Atlanta , Georgia .
After the incident , Almaleki's father drove to Mexico , abandoning his vehicle in Nogales , Peoria police said .
He then made his way to Mexico City and boarded a plane to Britain , where authorities denied him entry into the country and put him on a plane back to the United States , police said .
Almaleki was returned to Arizona last weekend and taken to a county jail .
He had faced charges of aggravated assault but Mr Tellef said the charges will be upgraded in light of Noor Faleh Almaleki 's death .
Almaleki also faces a separate aggravated assault charge in connection with Ms Khalaf 's injuries .
Almaleki has so far declined requests to be interviewed .
He is currently held in Phoenix , with bail has been set at $ 5 million ( £ 3 million ) , Mr Tellef said .
But Arizona county prosecutor Stephanie Low said in a hearing that Almaleki admitted committing the crime .
' By his own admission , this was an intentional act and the reason was that his daughter had brought shame on him and his family , ' Low said .
' This was an attempt at an honour killing . '
As I ’ve posted many times on this blog , I ’m a huge fan of DotA ( Defense of the Ancients ) .
It is only right that I suddenly become enamored with Heroes of Newerth ( HoN ) , a game by S2 Games currently in beta that matches the functionality of DotA and adds a layer of awesomeness on top .
I ’ve played a number of games so far and have found one of my biggest hurdles is re-learning the heroes in HoN .
Luckily , many of the heroes are simply ports of DotA heroes but learning who is who is also a slow process .
Here are heroes in HoN with their DotA equivalents :
Legion : Agility | Intelligence | Strength
Hellbourne : Agility | Intelligence | Strength
Legion Agility Heroes
Back To Quick Links
HoN Hero DotA Hero
Night Hound =
Stealth Assassin
Swiftblade =
Juggernaut
Magebane =
Anti-Mage
Moon Queen =
Moon Rider ( Luna )
Valkyrie =
Priestess of The Moon ( Mirana )
Wildsoul =
Lone Druid ( Syllabear )
Scout = No Equivalent
Legion Intelligence Heroes
Back To Quick Links
HoN Hero DotA Hero
Blacksmith =
Ogre Magi
Thunderbringer =
Lord of Olympia ( Zeus )
Ophelia =
Holy Knight ( Chen )
Pollywog Priest =
Rhasta
Pyromancer =
Slayer ( Lina Inverse )
Tempest =
Enigma
Nymphora = No Equivalent
Zephyr ( Owlman ) = No Equivalent
Legion Strength Heroes
Back To Quick Links
HoN Hero DotA Hero
Armadon =
Bristleback
Behemoth =
Earthshaker
Hammerstorm =
Rogue Knight ( Sven )
Jereziah ~=
Omniknight
Legionnaire =
Axe
Pebbles ~=
Stone Giant ( Tiny )
Keeper of the Forest ~=
Treant Protector
Predator = No Equivalent
Hellbourne Agility Heroes
Back To Quick Links
HoN Hero DotA Hero
Chronos =
Faceless Void
Slither =
Venomancer
Blood Hunter =
Bloodseeker
Soulstealer =
Shadow Fiend
Arachna = No Equivalent
The Madman = No Equivalent
The Dark Lady = No Equivalent
Hellbourne Intelligence Heroes
Back To Quick Links
HoN Hero DotA Hero
Defiler =
Death Prophet ( Krobelus )
Demented Shaman =
Shadow Priest
Glacius ~=
Crystal Maiden
Hellbringer ~=
Warlock
Succubus =
Bane Elemental
Torturer ~=
Tormented Soul ( Leshrac )
Voodoo Jester ~=
Witch Doctor
Wretched Hag =
Queen of Pain
Puppet Master = No Equivalent
Hellbourne Strength Heroes
Back To Quick Links
Learn some harmless frugal tips and secrets
Frugality takes creativity .
Sometimes you have to be a little sneaky when the family wo n't buy into your plans to save money .
Secret solutions can be revealed after family members have successfully accepted them unknowingly .
Some people would never keep frugal secrets .
I 'm not suggesting you hide important financial decisions , but you can adopt simple , creative and harmless ways to be frugal without drawing too much attention or resistance from family members .
The big reveal is funny and not hurtful - for example , incorporating leftover vegetables into spaghetti sauce or putting unfinished drinks back in the refrigerator for later instead of throwing them away .
Have you ever done something sneaky or secretive to save money in your home ?
Here are a few suggestions .
Budget meals :
Maybe one person does n't like leftovers .
Freeze them and give them a makeover a few days later rather than the serving the same meal the following day .
For example , vegetables can be saved for soup , casseroles , stir fry , fried rice or pasta dishes .
Use less :
You can use fewer supplies and still get good results .
For example , you can use less meat when cooking , fewer cleaners when doing housework , install a low - flow showerhead to use less water or use your oven less often and a slow cooker more , to name a few .
Pantry inventory :
When building or maintaining a fully stocked pantry , a common problem is that your family will tend to consume more than usual because there 's more readily available .
Another reader , Valerie in Washington , shares her strategy : " I hide things from my husband , like his favorite pop , which never goes on sale .
I bought a 24 - can pack of it ( at full price ) a while ago .
Every once in a while , I pull out a six - pack and let him have it .
I also bought a big jar of peanuts , but just put a pint - size canning jar full of peanuts where he would find it .
The big jar is tucked away . "
Loose change : Change found when doing laundry or cleaning is fair game .
Keep a change jar , and gather loose change you discover around the house or have left over from shopping .
Use it to pay debt or save for something fun such as a meal out or toward a family vacation .
Thermostat wars :
There always seems to be one spouse who wants it warmer in the winter or cooler in the summer than the tightwad in the household .
Rather than go through the thermostat wars , simply change it by one or two degrees and not five degrees or more .
Packaging hack : Save and refill containers with less expensive alternatives .
C.J. in Nevada confesses : " I do sneak stuff he does not like ( or says he does not like ) into our meals , and he is none the wiser .
The biggest thing was bulk cereal .
He loves Frosted Flakes .
I bought the bulk kind , and his reaction was , he hates the stuff and it 's disgusting .
So I hid an empty Tony the Tiger box , filled it with the bulk cereal from my shopping trip and he ate all of it and never complained .
About a year later , my father made a comment about cheap cereal , and hubby commented that I bought it once , and it was gross and he would never eat it again .
Not being able to contain myself , I told him that he has been eating it for more than a year !
I thought my dad was going to need medical assistance from laughing so hard , and hubby was in shock for a few days .
He does not have a problem with bulk cereal now , though . "
Try this with products such as condiments , shampoo , fabric softener , etc .
• Sara Noel is the owner of Frugal Village , frugalvillage.com , a Web site that offers practical , money - saving strategies for everyday living .
Send tips , comments or questions to Sara Noel , c/o United Media , 200 Madison Ave. , 4th Floor , New York , NY 10016 , or sara@frugalvillage.com .
Maurice Clemmons , the alleged shooter in the
Sunday murder of four Lakewood , Washington police officers
, was
killed early yesterday morning
by a Seattle police officer .
The blogsite Fire Andrea Mitchell reported that a radical black Muslim group called National Black Foot Soldiers held a protest today outside the Parkland , Washington coffee shop where the murders occurred .
The protesters allegedly gathered to celebrate Clemmons as a " Crowned BOW ( Black on White ) Martyr , " calling his attack a " preemptive strike on terrorists ... "
The substance of this story was originally announced by a blog called the Last Crusade , which has also claimed that Clemmons converted to Islam while imprisoned in Arkansas .
Gateway Pundit picked up the story as well , noting however , that Last Crusade 's claim of Clemmons ' conversion is unsubstantiated .
A black militant site called " Black Male Felon " seemingly described the protest :
The rally came after a reported emergency meeting held by the [ Black Foot Soldiers ] movement to to map out plans for a street penitentiary protest and street party that will be held to disrespect tributes , memorials and funerals whites are expected to have for the terrorists .
Whatever the Black Foot Soldiers may be planning , there actually was no " rally . "
Spokesmen for both the Lakewood and Tacoma , Washington police departments said they had not heard of anything like that going on .
The Pierce County Sheriff 's office , which is handling the coffee shop shooting investigation , stated unequivocally that there was no such protest .
The truth is actually worse .
The Black Foot Soldiers were not protesting , except perhaps online , but they were referring to Clemmons ' attack as a protest :
Seattle Black Foot Soldiers say the four people slain in a daring demonstration at the Steele Street Forza Coffee House in Parkland were racist terrorists who caused black citizens to live in fear .
( Emphasis added . )
What these groups say is that any killing of whites , including in this case Clemmons ' cold - blooded murder of officers Renninger , Owens , Griswald , and Richards , is " a legitimate protest " .
Black Male Felon celebrates the killings as " Brother Maurice Clemmons ' daring stand against white police terrorism . "
The theme of National Black Foot Soldiers is captured in the slogan : " When whites pay reparations there will be no more black on white crime . "
The vitriolic hatred on these sites is enough to turn a person 's stomach .
The bit of writing contained on these sites is essentially a collage of run-on sentences spewing foul language interspersed liberally with admonitions to kill whitey .
They blatantly advocate murder and defend other recent cases of seemingly senseless black on white killings , like the four Oakland police officers killed by Lovelle Mixon , and many , many others .
Many who voted for Barack Obama believed his election would finally put an end to this kind of racist hatred .
Indeed , he promised to work toward that end .
If anything however , his election seems to have emboldened it .
Jeremiah Wright should have been a warning .
It is pointless to argue with the kind of lunatic delusion that motivates these people .
They are beyond reaching .
It recalls the video of " Professor " Kamau Kambon advocating ing the extermination of white people .
The Black Male Felon site defines the terms BOW ( black on white ) BOB ( black on black ) WOB ( white on black ) and WOW ( white on white ) , while the National Black Foot Soldiers objects to black on black killing , but not killing per se , reminding its readers " THERE IS 1 ENEMY .
LET US HAVE 1 MIND . [ sic ] "
It is not known at present whether or not Clemmons was associated with any of these groups , but one post ascribes a quote to Clemmons , in which he says : " Watch the news , I 'm gonna kill a bunch of cops . "
Whatever the case , it is likely that Clemmons knew he would find police victims at that coffee shop .
The Forza Coffee Company was founded by a retired police officer .
And while the Steele Street franchise where the shootings occurred had no tie to him , it was apparently a place frequented by local police .
“ After reviewing the defendant ’s record and hearing the facts of the case , the judge denied our request , ’’ she said .
Even if prosecutors had requested holding a dangerousness hearing to keep Gardner behind bars , she said , “ it would not have changed this judge ’s ruling that this defendant ’s release did not endanger the public . ’’
She said the judge was required by law to consider the defendant ’s potential danger to the community when prosecutors sought to revoke his bail .
Bridget Norton Middleton , a spokeswoman for the Plymouth district attorney ’s office , said prosecutors did everything they could to keep Gardner behind bars after the first arrest by asking the district court judge to revoke Gardner ’s bail on a pending drunken driving charge , to set $ 200,000 cash bail on the sex offense , and to impose conditions ordering him to stay away from the alleged victim and her family .
After the first arrest on rape charges , two judges rejected prosecutors ’ requests for bail of $ 200,000 and then $ 150,000 .
Mooney ordered Gardner held without bail pending a dangerousness hearing tomorrow .
She also revoked the cash bail his family had posted for the earlier charges and said that officials are taking steps against him for violating the terms of probation from a drunken driving conviction .
His lawyer , Marci McColloch of Plymouth , told Plymouth District Court Judge Toby Mooney that she had “ some evidence of a highly exculpatory nature ’’ that she hoped to present soon .
She declined to elaborate .
Gardner , a burly man with sandy - colored hair and a goatee , wore a green prison jumper at the arraignment and glanced at the mother of the first alleged victim , who sat in the gallery .
“ I do n’t understand why he is still out , ’’ she said , referring to the bail granted after the first arrest .
“ I think the courts should make sure he goes away and is not allowed to be around kids . ’’
The mother of the first alleged victim attended the arraignment and also assailed the decision to release Gardner .
“ I always wonder why we let people out who are charged with such crimes , ’’ Kingston Police Chief Joseph Rebello said angrily to reporters outside the courtroom .
“ Obviously , someone who has this type of background is no one that can be rehabilitated , and letting him loose in society only means we are going to have further victims . ’’
In the earlier alleged rape , the self - described construction worker was freed on $ 10,000 cash bail - far less than Plymouth prosecutors sought - on Sept. 15 .
He had been charged with breaking into the Kingston house of a distant relative and raping a 6 - year - old girl .
Joseph H. Gardner , 26 , of Kingston , pleaded not guilty yesterday in Plymouth District Court to a charge that he raped the daughter of a woman he was dating .
PLYMOUTH - A man arraigned yesterday on charges that he sexually assaulted a 3 - year - old girl in Kingston on Friday had been charged this summer with raping another child but was free on bail .
Plymouth District Attorney Timothy J. Cruz said Gardner faced “ heinous allegations ’’ in the first arrest and that prosecutors were disappointed that Plymouth District Court Judge Thomas F. Brownell set bail at $ 10,000 instead of the $ 200,000 they originally sought .
After Gardner ’s indictment , the first rape case was transferred to Superior Court , where prosecutors again requested high bail - $ 150,000 .
But Judge Joseph M. Walker III kept bail at $ 10,000 , and Gardner remained free .
Depending on the circumstances , Cruz said , judges typically impose a range of bail amounts in sexual assault cases .
In some instances , he said , judges have released rape suspects on their own recognizance .
Judges are typically barred from speaking about pending cases .
Jack M. Atwood , a Plymouth lawyer whom McColloch works for and who represented Gardner on the first rape charges , did not return phone calls .
John G. Swomley , a Boston defense lawyer who has represented many individuals accused of sex offenses , said the $ 10,000 bail struck him as low .
“ If the allegations are credible and there does n’t appear to be something that would n’t be suggestive of fabrication , it would normally be a much higher bail , ’’ said Swomley , who is not involved in Gardner ’s cases .
Still , he said , the judges might have considered that Gardner had never been accused of a sex offense before August , according to public records .
In the first case , Gardner allegedly broke into a Kingston home through a bathroom window , according to the mother of the alleged victim , whose name the Globe is withholding because it would indirectly identify her daughter , the victim of a sexual assault .
The Globe does not identify sexual assault victims .
Investigators gathered fingerprints and other forensic evidence that tied Gardner to the crime , she said .
According to a Kingston police report filed in court , the first alleged victim was staying at a woman relative ’s house with another female relative , age 10 , on Aug. 22 .
Between 4 and 6 a.m. , the woman heard the 6 - year - old crying and the 10 - year - old girl yelling but dismissed it as a routine disturbance .
But around 6 a.m. , the woman got up and was told by the 6 - year - old that “ a man was in her room . . . and was hurting her , ’’ said the police report .
A container of baby powder was on the floor and the powder was on the bed .
The woman discovered Gardner - to whom she was related by a former spouse - just steps away from the girls ’ bedroom .
Gardner said he was there to pick up garbage and take it to the dump , but the woman told police Gardner did not come through the front door and was not supposed to be in her home .
Gardner , who had baby powder on him , was ordered to leave but returned later with his father , David Gardner , according to the police report .
Joseph Gardner “ was very upset ’’ and tearfully denied harming the 6 - year - old girl , according to the report .
The woman took the girl to Jordan Hospital in Plymouth and was told by medical staff that the child would have to be taken to Boston to be interviewed by a specially trained medical team , said the report .
But while waiting at the hospital , the girl appeared to recant .
A nurse overheard her say “ she made it all up ’’ ; outside the hospital , though , the girl told her relative she denied being attacked “ because she just wanted to go home , ’’ according to the report .
Meanwhile , the 10 - year - old gave police a graphic account of the assault , the report said .
The events leading up to the second alleged rape began when Gardner started dating a woman with whom he had gone to high school , prosecutors said .
The woman brought her two children , a 3 - year - old girl and an 8 - year - old boy , to spend the night at Gardner ’s home on Friday , prosecutors said .
Gardner lives on Summer Street with his 4 - year - old son .
The woman had slept there without her children the night before , court records show .
The woman told investigators that she heard her 3 - year - old crying in the middle of the night but dismissed it because the girl often got upset while sleeping .
The next morning the woman noticed that her daughter was no longer wearing a pull - up diaper and she asked her about it .
The girl then allegedly told her mother that Gardner sexually assaulted her and told the girl he would kill her father if she told anyone , according to police .
The woman took her daughter to Jordan Hospital , which notified police .
When police arrested Gardner at home on Sunday morning , he said the woman ’s allegations were untrue .
“ She accused me of this yesterday and wanted money so I gave it to her , ’’ Gardner told police , according to court records .
“ She must have heard about my other case . ’’
Andrew Ryan of the Globe staff contributed to this report .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
It took 172 minutes on a rooftop to shoot 1655 overlapping 21.6 megapixel images and 94 hours to stitch them together .
The result is not only a gorgeous 26 gigapixel view of Dresden , Germany , but also the world 's biggest photo .
Advertisement
You can click on the image here for a slightly bigger version or follow the link for the super - dee - duper huge original which you can scroll and zoom through for the full effect .
[ Gigapixel Dresden via SZ Online via Slashdot ]
Bernard Madoff was given a 150 - year sentence in June
Disgraced US financier Bernard Madoff is being treated in a prison hospital for hypertension and dizziness , a US Bureau of Prisons spokeswoman has said .
Traci Billingsley denied earlier media reports that Madoff was assaulted at a prison in North Carolina .
Madoff , aged 71 , is serving 150 years for a $ 65 bn ( £ 41 bn ) fraud .
He admitted defrauding thousands of investors through a Ponzi scheme , which pays out using new investors ' money rather than from any profits .
He said the scheme had been running since the early 1990s .
It unravelled when Madoff 's investors , hit by the economic downturn , tried to withdraw about $ 7bn , but he could not produce the money .
The list of his victims included film director Steven Spielberg 's charitable foundation .
Especially in his political work , his portraits betrayed the mind of an artist concerned , worriedly concerned , about the world in which he lived .
Among his most famous images were those of President Lyndon B. Johnson pulling up his shirt to reveal that the scar from his gallbladder operation was in the precise shape of the boundaries of Vietnam , and of Henry Kissinger having sex on the couch with a female body whose head was in the shape of a globe , depicting , Mr. Levine explained later , what Mr. Kissinger had done to the world .
He drew Richard M. Nixon , his favorite subject , 66 times , depicting him as the Godfather , as Captain Queeg , as a fetus .
Image A self - portrait of the artist and caricaturist David Levine .
Credit ... Forum Gallery
With those images and others  Yasir Arafat and Ariel Sharon in a David - and - Goliath parable ; or Alan Greenspan , with scales of justice , balancing people and dollar bills , hanging from his downturned lips ; or Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. carrying a gavel the size of a sledgehammer 
Mr. Levine ’s drawings sent out angry distress signals that the world was too much a puppet in the hands of too few puppeteers .
“ I would say that political satire saved the nation from going to hell , ” he said in an interview in 2008 , during an exhibit of his work called “ American Presidents ” at the New York Public Library .
Even when he was n’t out to make a political point , however , his portraits  often densely inked , heavy in shadows cast by outsize noses on enormous , eccentrically shaped heads , and replete with exaggeratedly bad haircuts , 5 o’clock shadows , ill - conceived mustaches and other grooming foibles  tended to make the famous seem peculiar - looking in order to take them down a peg .
“ They were extraordinary drawings with extraordinary perception , ” Jules Feiffer said in a recent interview about the work of Mr. Levine , who was his friend .
He added : “ In the second half of the 20th century he was the most important political caricaturist .
When he began , there was very little political caricature , very little literary caricature .
He revived the art . ”
David Levine was born on Dec. 20 , 1926 , in Brooklyn , where his father , Harry , ran a small garment shop and his mother , Lena , a nurse , was a political activist with Communist sympathies .
A so - called red diaper baby , Mr. Levine leaned politically far to the left throughout his life .
His family lived a few blocks from Ebbetts Field , where young David once shook the hand of President Franklin D. Roosevelt , who became a hero , as did his wife , Eleanor .
Years later , Mr. Levine ’s caricature of Mrs. Roosevelt depicted her as a swan .
THE Milky
Way ’s neighbourhood may be teeming with invisible galaxies , one of which appears to be crashing into our own .
In 2008 , a cloud of hydrogen with a mass then estimated at about 1 million suns was found to be colliding with our galaxy .
Now it appears the object is massive enough to be a galaxy itself .
Called Smith ’s cloud , it has managed to avoid disintegrating during its smash - up with our own , much bigger galaxy .
What ’s more , its trajectory suggests it punched through the disc of our galaxy once before , about 70 million years ago .
To have survived , it …
What 's 301 minus 75 ?
Only 33 percent of fourth - graders in Detroit know the answer .
In another sad development for the struggling district , local and national officials this morning announced Detroit students in fourth and eighth grade recorded the lowest math scores in the history of the National Assessment of Educational Progress standardized test .
69 percent of fourth graders and 77 percent of eighth graders scored below basic skill levels on the test , given to 18 urban districts across the nation .
One question asked eighth - graders : " In a box of six red pencils , four green pencils and five blue pencils , what is the probability of randomly selecting a green pencil ? "
Only 34 percent of Detroit students answered correctly , compared to a national average of 77 percent and a large - city average of 67 percent .
Concerned by the results , Michael Casserly , executive director of the D.C. - based Council of the Great City Schools , flew to Detroit to discuss the results .
He said scores were " only slightly better than what one would expect by chance as if the kids had never gone to school and simply guessed at the answers , " and called for a complete overhaul of the school system .
Robert Bobb , appointed this year by Gov. Jennifer Granholm as emergency financial manager for the Detroit Public Schools , agreed .
" You 'll never move the dial if you 're afraid to know where you are , "
, calling the results a " wake - up call " for the city .
Mayor Dave Bing called on parents , teachers , administrators and lawmakers to rally together to address the situation .
" If we do not improve our scores and have a well - educated workforce , we will not be able to attract new businesses and job opportunities for our residents , " he said in a released statement .
" We can not afford to lose another child . ”
WASHINGTON — Despite the failure of the Nelson - Hatch amendment , which would have placed stronger restrictions on abortion coverage in the health reform legislation , a leading voice in the cause of women ’s reproductive rights said Wednesday the bill remains “ highly discriminatory . ”
“ There are still anti-abortion provisions in this bill that are damaging to women , ” Terry O’Neill , President of the National Organization for Women , told Raw Story in an interview .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The base legislation in the Senate essentially codifies the Hyde Amendment ” that bans federal dollars from being used for abortions , she said , “ and that is a huge , huge problem for women . ”
While the Senate bill ’s abortion restrictions are now fewer than those in the House version , it bans all abortion coverage for the additional Americans who will receive care under changes to Medicaid and the federal subsidies , both of which are efforts to bring more people into the system .
“ With all due respect to our pro-choice friends in elected office who say the Hyde Amendment is settled law , a codification of Hyde is a basic health care statute — it ’s not federal law , ” O’Neill told Raw Story .
“ And even if it were , it ’s very wrong settled law . ”
“ And by codifying Hyde , you ca n’t avoid an expansion of the concept , ” she said , suggesting that it may serve as a precedent to continue weakening abortion rights .
“ We know that the Hyde amendment has resulted in the deaths of women . ”
While O’Neill praised the Senate ’s voting down of Nelson - Hatch as “ a positive step ” after the success of the similar Stupak - Pitts amendment in the House bill , she said NOW reserves its judgment on the final legislation and in the meantime will continue to fight for abortion rights for women .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Abortion is health care , ” O’Neill said .
“ Any effort that denies women the right to make decisions about her body is terribly morally wrong . ”
“ We have longstanding policy in NOW that we do n’t trade off the rights of some women for the benefit of other women , ” O’Neill said , and hinted that NOW may not support the Senate bill despite the failure of Tuesday ’s anti-abortion amendment .
She said the House legislation , which includes the Stupak - Pitts amendment , is not “ health care for women , it ’s an abortion ban for women , and we are utterly opposed to any legislation containing the Stupak - Pitts language . ”
A lawsuit accusing a Bay Area flight - planning company of aiding an alleged CIA program of kidnapping and torturing terror suspects threatens national security and is too sensitive to discuss fully in a public courtroom , an Obama administration attorney argued Tuesday .
" The case cannot proceed without getting into state secrets , " Justice Department lawyer Douglas Letter told an 11 - judge panel of the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco .
Several judges noted that most of the essential facts of the case have been widely aired - the existence of the " extraordinary rendition " program under President George W. Bush , the five plaintiffs ' accounts of their abduction and torture , and the alleged participation by Jeppesen Dataplan of San Jose - and asked why the case is too sensitive for the courts to hear .
Letter said he could reply only in a closed session .
For the record , he said , " the U.S. government will not confirm or deny any relationship with Jeppesen . "
The court met privately with Letter after the one - hour public hearing , a practice that the plaintiffs ' lawyer , Ben Wizner of the American Civil Liberties Union , described as common in cases involving government claims of secrecy .
During the public session , Wizner accused the administration of trying to cover up wrongdoing .
" The CIA has engaged in kidnapping and torture and declared its crimes state secrets , " he said .
Dismissing the suit without deciding whether the plaintiffs ' rights were violated , he said , would be " dangerous to democracy . "
Extraordinary rendition is the practice of abducting suspected terrorists and taking them to foreign countries or CIA prisons for interrogation .
The Bush administration used rendition extensively but said it always insisted on a guarantee from the foreign country that it would not torture the prisoner .
President Obama has issued orders closing secret CIA prisons and barring torture , but has also endorsed Bush 's arguments for dismissal of the Jeppesen case and other suits by alleged victims of torture .
CIA 's air provider
Jeppesen , a Boeing Co. subsidiary , was described in a 2007 Council of Europe report as the CIA 's aviation services provider .
In a court declaration in the current suit , a company employee quotes a director as telling staff members in 2006 that Jeppesen handled the CIA 's " torture flights . "
The five plaintiffs accuse Jeppesen of arranging their flights to foreign or CIA prisons , where they say they were interrogated brutally .
Two of the men are still being held in Egypt and Morocco , and the others have been released without U.S. charges .
The Bush administration won a ruling by U.S. District Judge James Ware of San Jose dismissing the suit in February 2008 .
A three - judge appeals court panel reinstated the suit this past April , saying that neither the CIA nor its contractors were above the law .
But the full court then granted the Obama administration 's request to refer the case to an 11 - judge panel .
Mixed reaction
The government 's argument Tuesday - that allowing the case to proceed would risk disclosure of secrets about interrogation methods and CIA operations - drew a mixed reaction from the court .
Judge Michael Hawkins , author of the April decision , noted that the Obama administration plans to try the alleged mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks in open court and has spoken publicly about interrogation abuses .
But Chief Judge Alex Kozinski said the administration , not the courts , must decide crucial questions of secrecy .
" I understand you think it 's not fair , but so what ? " he told Wizner .
The plaintiffs could ask Congress to pass a special compensation bill for them without involving the courts , Kozinski said .
Congress already allows victims of torture , including foreigners , to sue for damages , the ACLU lawyer replied .
" It 's not a waste of judicial resources to give torture victims their day in court , " he said .
The court gave no indication of when it would rule .
The losing side could appeal to the Supreme Court .
Should patients be obliged to take part in research ?
VIEWPOINT
Professor Anthony Mathur
Head of Advanced Cardiac Imaging at Barts and the London NHS Trust
Stem cells harbour huge potential for medical advance
Not enough patients are volunteering to take part in ground - breaking stem cell research in the UK .
In this week 's Scrubbing Up , leading heart stem cell scientist , Professor Anthony Mathur , argues that if people want treatment for a heart problem , they should be obliged to take part in the research .
Without doubt the future of medicine is dependent on clinical research that , in turn , relies on the willingness of patients to be exposed to new therapies .
There exists an unwritten contract between society and medicine which acknowledges the interdependence of the two - the only way that important advances in medicine can be made is with the help of patients volunteering to participate in clinical trials .
Unwilling patients
However , our experience at a major teaching hospital in London is that as the nature of new treatments becomes more complex , the willingness of our patients to participate in these trials has decreased .
Clearly a balance is needed given the tremendous potential benefits these new treatments could deliver for these conditions
Read your comments
Our own experience of this phenomenon is the conduct of our stem cell trial designed for patients brought to us as emergencies suffering a heart attack .
The possibility of using a patient 's own stem cells to repair the damage caused by their heart attack could benefit the thousands of people suffering with this condition each year .
Stringent laws and regulations are in place to ensure that trials of such new therapies are carefully conducted and the patient 's health protected .
Indeed the ethical process dictates that patients are given as much information as reasonable to make an informed decision to consent to the trial .
The problem is that in the emergency situation there is an awful lot of information to convey in a short time to obtain ' informed consent ' .
' Potential benefits '
Clearly a balance is needed , given the tremendous potential benefits these new treatments could deliver for these conditions .
In our stem cell trial , brief preliminary consent is obtained as the patient is treated for their heart attack .
Invariably , the patient is keen to participate .
Patients from more privileged areas are more likely to be recruited to our trial than those from the lower socio-economic environment
However , several hours later , following successful treatment of the heart attack , when the patient is approached to consent in full for the main part of the study , they often decline .
Whilst this is understandable , given the relief the person must be feeling having been successfully treated for their heart attack , it creates a problem for the field of medical research which tries to improve on the success of modern medicine .
Economic differences A further paradox exists .
Patients in less economically privileged parts of the UK are more likely to suffer heart attacks and fare worse with them .
Our small experience between two centres recruiting heart attack patients for our stem cell trials - one in the relative economic deprivation of the East End of London , the other in the affluent centre of London - shows that patients from more privileged areas are more likely to be recruited to our trial than those from the lower socio-economic environment .
Added to this , is the observation that women in whom heart disease has previously been under - diagnosed , are also less likely to consent to the trials .
It is difficult to find a straightforward solution to this dilemma .
An individual human being must be given the right to choose whether to participate in medical research .
However , there is also the need to advance medical discovery and strict rules and laws exist to protect the patient in this pioneering environment .
' New contract '
Maybe a new contract is needed between medicine and society that assumes a default position that says that everyone attending hospital should be involved in medical research , unless they specifically opt out of the process at the time of consent ?
This approach has already been used in some European countries for organ donation and has led to a quadrupling in consent rates .
Whatever the solution , the clinical trials await patiently those willing to put their faith in the system and hope for medical breakthroughs , if not for them , then for the benefit of others .
Do you think patients should be obliged to take part in medical research ?
You can send your comments using the form below : Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Java EE 6 just got released yesterday , here is everything you need to know about , in brief .
A look back : Java EE 5 was a remarkable step towards a mature , widely deployed , well supported server - side development platform .
EJB 3.0 was re-engineered to ease , the Entity Bean model was stripped and replaced by JPA as the persistence paradigm , JSF was introduced as the standard presentation tier framework and JAX - WS 2.0 replaced JAX - RPC as the SOAP web services API .
The focus of Java EE 5 was squarely on reducing complexity by embracing the concepts of annotations , POJO programming , zero - configuration systems .
Overview
Java EE 6 is next big step in the journey towards the idea of a “ simple , streamlined and well - integrated platform ” .
Java EE 6 includes a rich paradigm of innovations best reflected in the technologies that comprise the platform including brand new APIs like WebBeans 1.0 and JAX - RS 1.1 , JPA 2.0 or even mature APIs like Servlet 3.0 , EJB 3.1
JSR 316 : JavaTM Platform , Enterprise Edition 6 ( Java EE 6 ) Specification .
Let ’s give each one of the features a brief look :
Pruning
Pruning the Dead meat :
The Java EE platform is gainging weight since it ’s initial launch in 1999 .
The idea now is to cut the dead ( least used ) stuff off .
Java EE 6 begins the essential process of carefully pruning APIs to make the platform more lightweight and to make room for healthier growth .
Few APIs that are chopped off and why :
JAX - RPC — JAX - RPC was an early attempt at modeling SOAP web services as RPC calls .
Web services are now much more robust , feature - rich and popular JAX - WS API effectively supercedes JAX - RPC .
JAXR — JAXR is for interfacing with UDDI registries .
Unfortunately , UDDI is not widely used .
EJB 2.x Entity Beans CMP —
The complex , heavyweight model replaced by the popular , lightweight , POJO based JPA persistence model .
Java EE Application Deployment — JSR 88 was an attempt at developing deployment tools that work across application servers .
Unfortunately , this API has never got popular , and never gained much vendor support .
Java EE Management —
Application server management tools that work in a cross-vendor manner .
Like JSR 88 , the idea never paved off .
“ Pruning ” an API essentially means that an application server vendor need not support these technologies , what this does n’t mean is that you cannot support those APIs , few larger vendors will probably continue supporting them atleast for some time .
Profiles
What is the biggest major criticism of Java EE ?
Its simply too large .
The fact is , majority of Java web applications do not utilize / leverage the full Java EE stack .
So why is that stuff still in there ?
Profiles are designed to address this issue .
Profiles are essentially sub-sets of Java EE APIs geared towards a particular class of applications in mind .
For example , the proposed Java EE Web Profile will only include APIs that are likely to be used in most Java web applications .
The idea is n’t new , Java ME supports the idea of Profiles already .
Although Java EE 6 defines the rules for creating new Profiles through separate JSRs , only one Profile , the Web Profile is included in platform this time .
Detailed chart of Profiles can be found at Sun ’s documentation .
Web Beans 1.0 :
WebBeans is perhaps the most groundbreaking API developed in the Java EE 6 time - frame .
WebBeans fills a number of gaps in Java EE .
Although WebBeans is inspired by Seam , Google Guice as well as Spring , it does not directly mirror any of them .
Indeed , WebBeans adds a number of unique innovations of its own .
Here ’s brief on it :
WebBeans unifies the JSF , JPA and EJB 3 programming models to truly feel like a single , well - integrated platform .
WebBeans implicitly manages the life - cycle of all registered components in appropriate contexts .
WebBeans brings a robust set of dependency injection features to the platform in a completely type - safe and Java - centric way .
WebBeans enhances the Java EE Interceptor model by adding the ability to bind interceptors to annotations instead of having to bind interceptors to target object classes themselves .
WebBeans adds a lot of other very cool features that pave way to nextgen web applications .
Read More : Detailed Spec for Web Beans
JSF 2.0 :
JSF appears to be holding ground in the Web UI layer .
However , there are a number of valid concerns around the usability and robustness of JSF .
JSF 2.0 meets these concerns , and adds all new graded stuff :
JSF formally adds Facelets as a view technology , simplified page authoring .
Facelets are usually written with XHTML markup language .
This allows Facelets pages to be portable across diverse development platforms .
JSF 2.0 brings Java EE 5 style annotation - driven configuration to the table via annotations such as @ ManagedBean and @ ManagedProperty .
( reduction of faces - config.xml file ) .
JSF 2.0 changes the JSF life - cycle to account for AJAX with concept of partial page processing to handle AJAX events .
Built - in capability to handle resources such as images , JavaScript files , CSS and the like , capability to refer to resources via logical names , grouping resources into libraries and versioning .
Templating :
You can create a page that acts as a template for other pages in an application .
Composite Components : a new feature in JSF that makes it easy to create customized JSF components .
You can create composite components by using JSF page markup , other JSF UI components , or both
Support for Events
Read More : JSF 2.0 Detailed Spec
EJB 3.1 :
EJB 3.0 was relatively well - received by the community due to the ease it introduced .
EJB 3.1 targets to continue the trend with groundbreaking new EJB 3.1 features :
Business interfaces are now optional , even for Session Beans .
EJB 3.1 adds the concept of Singleton Beans , thread - safe by default .
Also , comes declarative concurrency controls for greater flexibility .
Scheduling : Cron -style scheduling comes to enterprise apps .
This a significant addition to the existing limited - scope timer API .
Async Session Bean Method calls : Using @ Asynchronous annotation , you can even control the asynchronous EJB method via a handle to a java.util.concurrent .
Future object .
EJB Lite : A Web Profile based stripped down version .
EJB
Lite includes features like transactions and security , it does not include features like messaging , remoting and scheduling .
Packaging becomes easy , EJB in WAR files now possible .
run an embedded EJB 3.1 container in Java SE environments such as JUnit tests
utilize standardized global JNDI names for EJB
Read More : EJB 3.1 Detailed Spec
JPA 2.0 :
Now , JPA has been officially separated from EJB as a distinct API in its own .
JPA has been a success .
It enjoys great adoption rates and first - class vendor support .
JPA 2.0 aims to add to the trend by adding new features :
JPA 2.0 adds a number of much needed ORM mapping enhancements such as the ability to model collections , maps and lists via the @ElementCollection annotation and the ability to map unidirectional one - to - many relationships ( JPA 1.0 only allowed bidirectional one - to - many relationships )
EntityManager and Query APIs have been enhanced to support things like retrieving the first result ( JPA 1.0 allowed the retrieval of a unique result ) , specifying the maximum size of query results , getting access to the underlying vendor - specific entity manager / query objects and pessimistic locking .
JPQL has been enhanced with SQL - like CASE , NULLIF , COALESCE and like capabilities .
JPA 2.0 adds a Criteria API .
( The Criteria API in Hibernate or TopLink is essentially the object - oriented , type - safe , Java - centric equivalent of JPQL statements .
This is a boon for use cases such as writing complex dynamic queries and avoiding runtime exceptions thrown while parsing JPQL . )
JPA2 standardizes second level caching , provides standard JDBC properties , flexibility of specifying timeouts and more .
Read More : JPA 2.0 Detailed Spec
Servlet 3.0 :
Servlet 3.0 changes have generated quite a bit of excitement and is likely to be very well - received by the community :
Servlet 3.0 introduces annotations @ WebServlet , @ServletFilter and @WebServletContextListener . ( reduces web.xml cofigs )
web.xml fragments :
The container now looks for configuration in web.xml fragments anywhere in the web application classpath ( such as the WEB - INF / classes directory or jars in the WEB - INF / lib directory ) in addition to the web.xml file in WEB - INF directory .
Programmatically add Servlets , Filters and Listeners through the ServletContext .
Support for Asynchronous processing
Read More : Servlet 3.0 Detailed Spec
JAX -RS 1.1 :
REST is increasingly gaining traction as an alternative web services development paradigm .
We know of the advantages from REST vs. SOAP
Much like JAX - WS abstracts away the low - level details of the SOAP protocol , JAX - RS is designed to reduce REST development to POJO programming and annotation based configuration .
Here is a high level view of JAX - RS :
The @Path annotation determines the URL that a JAX - RS resource can be accessed , down to a method in a POJO .
Annotations like @GET , @POST , @PUT and @DELETE are used to specify the HTTP method that is used to access a resource .
Input from sources like URL query parameters , parts of the URL , cookie values and HTTP header values are mapped into variables via annotations like @ QueryParam , @ PathParam , @CookieParam and @ HeaderParam respectively .
The @Produces annotation tells JAX - RS what the content type of returned values are such as text / xml , text / json and the like .
JAX - RS is integrated with Servlets , WebBeans and EJB .
Overall , JAX - RS has many other powerful features that make REST development a breeze , just like JAX - WS makes SOAP development almost transparent .
Read More : JAX - RS Detailed Spec
What ’s More
We have covered the most important ones , Few we did n’t include are Enterprise Web services 1.3 , JAX - WS 2.2 , JAXB 2.2 , XML Messaging and more .
You can check them out at the official Java EE 6 Technologies page .
Right now , Netbeans 6.8 , GlassFish Tools Bundle for Eclipse 1.2 Release Candidate are the only IDEs and GlassFish3.1 is the only application server that fully support Java EE 6 .
Refrences : Java EE6 Detailed Overview , official Java EE 6 Technologies , theserverside , and devx
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
WASHINGTON --
The United States has the best health care in the world -- but because of its inefficiencies , also the most expensive .
The fundamental problem with the 2,074 - page Senate health - care bill ( as with its 2,014 - page House counterpart ) is that it wildly compounds the complexity by adding hundreds of new provisions , regulations , mandates , committees and other arbitrary bureaucratic inventions .
Worse , they are packed into a monstrous package without any regard to each other .
The only thing linking these changes -- such as the 118 new boards , commissions and programs -- is political expediency .
Each must be able to garner just enough votes to pass .
There is not even a pretense of a unifying vision or conceptual harmony .
The result is an overregulated , overbureaucratized system of surpassing arbitrariness and inefficiency .
Throw a dart at the Senate tome :
-- You 'll find mandates with financial penalties -- the amounts picked out of a hat .
-- You 'll find insurance companies ( who live and die by their actuarial skills ) told exactly what weight to give risk factors , such as age .
Currently insurance premiums for 20 - somethings are about one - sixth the premiums for 60 - somethings .
The House bill dictates the young shall now pay at minimum one - half ; the Senate bill , one - third -- numbers picked out of a hat .
-- You 'll find sliding scales for health - insurance subsidies -- percentages picked out of a hat -- that will radically raise marginal income tax rates for middle - class recipients , among other crazy unintended consequences .
The bill is irredeemable .
It should not only be defeated .
It should be immolated , its ashes scattered over the Senate swimming pool .
Then do health care the right way -- one reform at a time , each simple and simplifying , aimed at reducing complexity , arbitrariness and inefficiency .
First , tort reform .
This is money -- the low - end estimate is about half a trillion per decade -- wasted in two ways .
Part is simply hemorrhaged into the legal system to benefit a few jackpot lawsuit winners and an army of extravagantly rich malpractice lawyers such as John Edwards .
The rest is wasted within the medical system in the millions of unnecessary tests , procedures and referrals undertaken solely to fend off lawsuits -- resources wasted on patients who do n't need them and which could be redirected to the uninsured who really do .
In the 4,000 - plus pages of the two bills , there is no tort reform .
Indeed , the House bill actually penalizes states that dare " limit attorneys ' fees or impose caps on damages . "
Why ?
Because , as Howard Dean has openly admitted , Democrats do n't want " to take on the trial lawyers . "
What he did n't say -- he did n't need to -- is that they give millions to the Democrats for precisely this kind of protection .
Second , even more simple and simplifying , abolish the prohibition against buying health insurance across state lines .
Some states have very few health insurers .
Rates are high .
So why not allow interstate competition ?
After all , you can buy oranges across state lines .
If you could n’t , oranges would be extremely expensive in Wisconsin , especially in winter .
And the answer to the resulting high Wisconsin orange prices would n’t be the establishment of a public option -- a federally run orange - growing company in Wisconsin -- to introduce " competition . "
It would be to allow Wisconsin residents to buy Florida oranges .
But neither bill lifts the prohibition on interstate competition for health insurance .
Because this would obviate the need -- the excuse -- for the public option , which the left wing of the Democratic Party sees ( correctly ) as the royal road to fully socialized medicine .
Third , tax employer - provided health insurance .
This is an accrued inefficiency of 65 years , an accident of World War II wage controls .
It creates a $ 250 billion annual loss of federal revenues -- the largest tax break for individuals in the entire federal budget .
This reform is the most difficult to enact , for two reasons .
The unions oppose it .
And the Obama campaign savaged the idea when John McCain proposed it during last year 's election .
Insuring the uninsured is a moral imperative .
The problem is that the Democrats have chosen the worst possible method -- a $ 1 trillion new entitlement of stupefying arbitrariness and inefficiency .
The better choice is targeted measures that attack the inefficiencies of the current system one by one -- tort reform , interstate purchasing and taxing employee benefits .
It would take 20 pages to write such a bill , not 2,000 -- and provide the funds to cover the uninsured without wrecking both U.S. health care and the U.S. Treasury .
Highlights of FOCS Theory Day
A summary of a great day of talks before FOCS at Theory Day
Dick Karp was the leadoff speaker this Saturday at the FOCS Theory Day
in Atlanta .
He was followed by Mihalis Yannakakis , Noga Alon , and Manny Blum .
Sounds to me like a lineup for a baseball team that is in the World Series .
I can almost hear an announcer saying :
Now batting cleanup , Mannnnny Blummmmm .
And the crowd goes wild .
Today I thought I would write a summary of what Dick and the others said Saturday .
The talks were webcast , but perhaps not all of you watched them .
In any event I will add some additional comments that I hope you enjoy .
All of these speakers always give great talks , and this day was no exception .
I did notice that Karp and Blum both have titles that ask a question .
Is this meaningful ?
I cannot resist one story about Dick .
Years ago he visited Atlanta to give the keynote at a conference .
Rich DeMillo was the program chair , and he and I went out to the airport to pick Karp up .
We planned to eat lunch , and then get Dick to the venue for his address .
During the lunch we had a wonderful time chatting with Karp .
Finally , at one point Dick said that he had a small issue that he was worried about .
We of course asked what it was — we were prepared to help him in anyway possible .
Dick explained that he made his slides on the long airplane ride from SFO to Atlanta .
In those days talks were made by writing on plastic transparencies with colored pens ; my personal favorite were vis -a - vis markers .
Dick said that he was concerned about the new type of pens that he had used .
He did not use vis -a - vis , but he had used a new brand .
We said that was fine .
But he added that he was a bit concerned how well the slides would project , since they looked pretty pale .
The pens apparently were not as good as old reliable vis-a-vis .
After lunch we jumped in Rich ’s car , raced over to the conference hotel , and quickly found the room where Dick ’s talk was going to be held .
We immediately checked out the projector and more importantly Dick ’s slides .
He was right — the colors were extremely pale and the slides were nearly impossible to read .
But it was way too late to redo them , since the talk was just about to start .
Some of the audience were already entering the room .
We went forward — there was no other option .
Rich gave a wonderful introduction of Karp , there was a long applause , and then Dick started his talk .
He gave a great presentation .
Whether the slides are perfect or not , Dick has a way of speaking and presenting his ideas that transcends everything else .
Whether the red on a slide , for example , was pale or dark was unimportant .
When Dick finished there was again a long applause .
His talk was a huge success , but I believe he did throw the new pens away .
Let ’s move on to discuss the talks , which were all quite different styles .
Yet each was a masterpiece given by one of the leaders of the field .
What Makes an Algorithm Great ?
Karp started by quoting me , twice .
I was a bit embarrassed — and secretly pleased .
The first quote was that “ Algorithms are Tiny , ” which I have discussed earlier .
By the way the ideas in that discussion are joint with Lenore Blum .
Karp then began to discuss great algorithms based on various
criteria .
The first list was historical : The Positional Number system of Alkarismi .
The Chinese Remainder Theorem — which is really an algorithm .
The Euclidean Algorithm .
Gaussian Elimination .
Impossible to argue with any on his list .
Without positional numbers , I believe , that one could make the case that almost no modern algorithm is possible .
The Chinese Remainder Theorem is one of my favorites , and the other two are clearly great .
criteria .
The first list was historical : Karp then talked about several algorithms that he said were based on great ideas .
They were , Linear Programming Primality Testing Fast Matrix Product TSP Integer Factoring
The famous simplex method for LP is still one of the best ways to solve linear programs .
Karp pointed out that the ellipsoid method was a great theoretic result , but the interior - point methods were the first to solve LP ’s in a way which was both in polynomial - time and practical .
Karp gave a nice survey of the work on the TSP : he pointed out that Nicos Christofides ’ wonderful - approximation algorithm for the metric TSP is still the best known .
If you somehow do not know it check it out .
It was discovered in 1976 — that ’s a lot of FOCS ’s ago .
Dick also pointed out that Volker Strassen ’s famous fast matrix product algorithm was a surprise to the mathematical community .
They were , Karp is an expert in so many things , but perhaps his roots are in combinatorial optimization .
So he went into some detail on the great algorithms from that area .
Minimum Spanning Tree Shortest Path in Graphs For-Fulkerson Max - flow Algorithm Gale - Shapley Stable Marriage General Matching in Graphs In 1965 Jack Edmonds ’ paper titled “ Paths , Trees , and Flowers ” not only showed how to do matching for non- bipartite graphs , but also laid out an informal basis of what later became P , NP , and co-NP .
An incredible achievement for that point in time .
Karp next discussed randomized algorithms .
I sometimes think we could not have a FOCS meeting if we disallowed the use of randomization .
Primality Testing Volume of Convex Bodies Counting Matchings Min-Cut of Graphs String Matching Hashing
All of these algorithms are great , and Karp spent some details on the volume algorithm of Alan Frieze and Ravi Kannan .
He said nothing about the beautiful string matching algorithm that is due to Michael Rabin and himself .
He was modest , but I am under no constraint .
Their matching algorithm is one of the examples of the immense power of randomness .
Their algorithm is theoretically fast and is practical .
Actually it is more than practical , it is I believe the algorithm of choice for most packages .
A wonderful algorithm , that would make my personal top ten .
Karp talked next about heuristic algorithms .
These , he said , present an important challenge to theory .
The central question , of course , is why do they work so well in practice ?
Local Search Shotgun Sequencing Algorithm Simulated Annealing Dick stated that Myers ’ great work on sequencing was critical to the effort that first sequenced the human genome at Celera — then a company in competition with the NIH funded labs .
What is so neat about Myers ’ algorithm is that it required him to understand the structure of the human genome .
The genome is not random , has structure , and that structure makes what Gene did so difficult .
Karp and complexity theory : NLOG is Closed Under Complement Undirected Connectivity is in DLOG Space is More Powerful Than Time Karp agreed with my earlier discussion that even complexity theory is really all about algorithms .
He selected the above as the some of the most outstanding ones .
John Hopcroft , Wolfgang Paul , and Leslie Valiant proved that deterministic time is in deterministic space .
Their proof relies on several algorithmic ideas : the block - respecting method and the pebbling game strategy .
Karp only had time to list a number of great algorithms that show that theory can have impact on the “ real - world . ”
All of the algorithms in his list have changed the world .
Fast Fourier Transform RSA Encryption Miller - Rabin Primality Test Reed-Solomon Codes Lempel - Ziv Compression Page Rank of Google Consistent Hashing of Akamai Viterbi and Hidden Markov Models Smith - Waterman Spectral Low Rank Approximation Algorithms Binary Decision Diagrams
Without these algorithms the world would stop : no web search , no digital music or movies , no security , and on and on .
Karp finally gave a short list of algorithms from the area of information transfer .
Digital Fountain Codes CDMA Compressive Sensing of Images
The first is a breakthrough method of Michael Luby that is a near optimal erasure code .
In many situations information may be lost , rather than corrupted .
Since it is lost the decoder knows that it is missing , which allows for a whole different type of error correcting code .
These codes are extremely powerful : they are easy to encode and decode , and need relatively few extra bits of redundancy .
Compressive Sensing is a relatively recent idea that is based on deep mathematics , yet is rapidly changing image compression .
The creators are David Donoho , Emmanuel Candès , Justin Romberg , and Terence Tao — see this for many papers and articles from the area .
The talk was wonderful .
Wonderful .
In one hour we were carried from ancient times , past the dawn of modern computational complexity , then to the modern era , and the present — with a peek at the future .
A masterful talk by the master .
Later in the meeting Alon said that he could not imagine doing what Karp did .
I completely agree .
Computational Aspects of Equilibria .
Yannakakis spoke about equilibria phenomena in game theory and economic theory .
He started by saying that he had two hours worth of slides , but kindly finished nicely on time : close to the von Neumann Bound .
John von Neumann once defined the perfect length of a talk as a micro-century , which works out to just about minutes .
Yannakakis first explained how many systems can evolve over time to a stable state .
He spoke at some length about the classic example of neural nets and a 1982 theorem due to John Hopfield that proves that they always converge to a local minimum .
The argument is based on showing that a certain potential function decreases and eventually reaches a local minimum .
Yannakakis then switched to a discussion that was mostly about various types of games .
He discussed in detail the famous result of John Nash , proved in 1950 , that any non -zero sum game always has at least one mixed equilibria point .
mixed equilibria point .
Yannakakis ’ key point was that Nash ’s proof that mixed equilibria always exist was based on the famous Brouwer Fixed Point Theorem ( BFPT ) .
This theorem that is named after Luitzen Brouwer is also , as Mihalis said , used to prove that a whole host of other game / economic systems have a stable equilibrium point .
Yannakakis then showed the power of modern complexity theory .
Just because the BFPT is used to prove something does not rule out the possibility that there is a proof that avoids it .
But , this is not the case .
He introduced three complexity classes : , , and .
They capture respectively : general - player games , - player games , and finally games that have pure equilibria .
A beautiful point is that he could use these classes to show that BFPT is equivalent to Nash ’s famous theorem for multiple player games , and thus it is essential for the proof .
The power of modern complexity should not be underestimated .
Without the crisp notion of a “ complexity class ” I cannot see how any result like this could even be stated — let alone proved .
Terrific .
, , and .
They capture respectively : general - player games , - player games , and finally games that have pure equilibria .
A beautiful point is that he could use these classes to show that BFPT is equivalent to Nash ’s famous theorem for multiple player games , and thus it is for the proof .
The power of modern complexity should not be underestimated .
Without the crisp notion of a “ complexity class ” I cannot see how any result like this could even be stated — let alone proved .
Terrific .
Yannakakis also pointed out that solutions to multiple player games may not be rational numbers , in general .
This was , by the way , known to Nash back in 1950 .
The problem with this is that then there may be no way to write down the exact solution to the problem .
This plays havoc with complexity theory .
Mihalis gave the analogy to the sum of square root problem :
Is the following true , where the are natural numbers and is a rational number .
It is a long standing open problem whether or not this can be solved in polynomial time .
See this for a discussion that I had earlier on this topic .
Yannakakis finally gave us the usual news about the complexity classes : not much is known about their power .
Oh well .
The following diagram summarizes all that is known about them : ( an arrow denotes inclusion )
His talk summarized quite neatly the relationship between equilibria problems and certain complexity classes .
I wish that Yannakakis had more time to give more details — perhaps another talk .
Disjoint Paths , Isoperimetric Problems , and Graph Eigenvalues .
Alon started by pointing out that his first FOCS paper was at the .
At that meeting , in 1984 , he spoke on eigenvalues and expanders — he said he seemed to be stuck .
He then pulled out a small piece of paper and proceeded to read ,
I would like to thank the many FOCS program committees for their hard work and effort — except for the FOCS program committees of 1989 , 2003 , and 2006 .
Even one of the greatest theorists in the world gets papers rejected from FOCS .
This got a big laugh , yet I think it actually raises a serious question about the role of conferences .
I know that is being discussed both on - line and off , but let ’s move on to the rest of his talk and leave that discussion for another time and place .
Noga really gave highlights of two problems :
Alon first discussed a kind of routing game .
He imagines that you have some fixed node degree expander graph .
The game is this : you will be given a series of requests of the form : where this means that you are to find a set of edge disjoint paths from to for each .
He proves that on a special type of expander that not only can this be done for such that but that it can be done on - line .
That is there is an algorithm that selects the path from to without knowing the requests that will follow , This seems amazing to me .
See the paper joint with Michael Capalbo for full details on how this works .
node degree expander graph .
The game is this : you will be given a series of requests of the form :
Alon then spoke on spines .
Imagine dimension space divided into unit cubes .
You are to select a subset of each cube so that this “ spine ” does not allow any non-trivial path that moves from cube to cube .
In a sense the spines are a kind of geometric separator .
Since separators play a key role in many parts of theory , it may come as no surprise that spines also are very useful .
A deep result of Guy Kindler , Ryan O’Donnell , Anup Rao , and Avi Wigderson shows that a spine can have surface area bounded by where is the dimension of the space .
However , the shape of their spine is essentially not known ; it can not be seen .
The discussion here may help understand more about spines and their applications .
Noga ’s main result is a new uniform proof that solves this and other spine problems .
. Imagine dimension space divided into unit cubes .
You are to select a subset of each cube so that this “ spine ” does not allow any non-trivial path that moves from cube to cube .
In a sense the spines are a kind of geometric separator .
Since separators play a key role in many parts of theory , it may come as no surprise that spines also are very useful .
A deep result of Guy Kindler , Ryan O’Donnell , Anup Rao , and Avi Wigderson shows that a spine can have surface area bounded by where is the dimension of the space .
However , the shape of their spine is essentially not known ; it can not be seen .
The discussion here may help understand more about spines and their applications .
Noga ’s main result is a new uniform proof that solves this and other spine problems .
Alon also had a simple piece of advice for all of us .
He pointed out that we all use search engines to try to find mathematics that can help us in our research
The trouble is that it is impossible to type in mathematical formulas into search engines .
His suggestion is : give all your lemmas meaningful names .
This may allow people to find your work , and then reference it .
He gave an example of one of his lemmas : Lemma : ( A simple discrete vertex isoperimetric inequality on the
Dirichlet boundary condition )
When I Googled this “ name ” the second hit was his paper — not too bad .
A wonderful talk , with light touches , and beautiful results ; even though it contained many technical parts , I believe that most came away with the basic ideas that Noga wanted to get across .
Can ( Theoretical Computer ) Science Come to Grips With Consciousness ?
Blum spoke about a life long quest , that started when he was six years old , to understand consciousness .
Blum has a record of looking at old problems in new ways , of looking at new problems in his own way , of creating whole fields of study , and thus we should take his ideas on what is “ consciousness ” very seriously .
Let ’s call this the :
What is consciousness problem .
( WICP ) .
It is hard to really do justice to his wonderful talk , but I think there are a few high level points that I can get right :
Blum states that now may be the first time that real progress can be made on the WICP .
This is due to the confluence of two events .
The ability of researchers to use FMRI machines to watch a person ’s brain as they think is relatively recent development .
Second , is the maturing of a powerful theory called the Global Workspace Theory , which was created by Bernie Baars .
I will not explain the theory , since I do not understand it .
But Blum says that it has a very computational flavor , which may mean that theory can make an important contribution to the WICP .
Blum explained that when he was a graduate student he worked with some of the greats such as Warren McCulloch and Walter Pitts .
They are famous for their notion of the McCulloch - Pitts neuron , which they proved could be the basis of a universal computing device .
Today we study threshold functions and the complexity class that are modern versions of their pioneering work .
that are modern versions of their pioneering work .
Blum pointed out a simple fact about the eye that I found fascinating :
In the dark take a light source , and quickly move it around in front of you .
You will see a path of light .
This happens , Manny explained , because the eye responds only to motion .
Then , keep the light source fixed and now move your head around .
You will not see a path of light : you will see just a point of light .
Somehow the eye and brain together can tell the difference between these two cases .
Terrific .
Blum then shifted into a more theory oriented part of his talk .
He explained what he called templates .
They are his way of modeling how we solve problems .
His stated goal is quite ambitious ; if we could understand WICP he thinks that we might be able to make robots / agents that learn .
The template model is a kind of tree .
For example , suppose that you are trying to prove a theorem .
Then , the root of the tree would contain a “ hint ” or some high - level idea that gets you thinking in the right way about your theorem .
Below that would be more precise yet still informal pieces of information .
Eventually , the leaves of the tree would contain more formal pieces that make up the actual proof .
.
They are his way of modeling how we solve problems .
His stated goal is quite ambitious ; if we could understand WICP he thinks that we might be able to make robots / agents that learn .
The template model is a kind of tree .
For example , suppose that you are trying to prove a theorem .
Then , the root of the tree would contain a “ hint ” or some high - level idea that gets you thinking in the right way about your theorem .
Below that would be more precise yet still informal pieces of information .
Eventually , the leaves of the tree would contain more formal pieces that make up the actual proof .
Blum had a simple but great piece of advice to us all .
If you are faced with a problem that you cannot solve , then modify the problem .
Change it .
Try another problem .
He argued that this often may be interesting by itself , and sometimes may shed light on the original problem .
Great advice .
Blum ended with a pretty puzzle .
Is there a irrational number so that for a rational ?
The answer is yes , and he explained how his templates could guide you to the solution to his problem .
A wonderful talk , from one of the great visionaries of the field .
Open Problems
Before turning to some open problems I want to thank the following people for making Theory day such a great success : Dani Denton , Milena Mihail , Dan Spielman , and Robin Thomas .
Thanks for all your hard work .
Robin pointed out that it was also ACO ’s anniversary , and all of the talks should be online later this week .
Now some open problems that each speaker implicitly raised :
Karp :
What are your favorite algorithms ?
Do you agree with Dick ’s lists ?
Yannakakis :
What are the relative powers of the complexity classes discussed ?
There is a rumor that part of this may be resolved — more on this soon .
Alon :
What does a spine really look like ?
Can the same bounds be found with spines that one can actually “ see ? ”
Detroit
In many ways , it ’s like a ghost town .
It ’s eerily quiet .
Driving around in the middle of the afternoon , in a city that once was among the most productive on the planet , you see very little traffic , minimal commercial activity , hardly any pedestrians .
What you ’ll see are endless acres of urban ruin , block after block and mile after mile of empty and rotting office buildings , storefronts , hotels , apartment buildings and private homes .
It ’s a scene of devastation and disintegration that stuns the mind , a major American city that still is home to 900,000 people but which looks at times like a cross between postwar Berlin and the ruin of an ancient civilization .
Detroit was the arsenal of democracy in World War II and the incubator of the American middle class .
It was the city that taught mass production to the rest of the world .
It was a place that made cars , trucks and other tangible products , not derivatives .
And it was the architect of the quintessentially American idea of putting people to work and paying them a decent wage .
It ’s frightening to think seriously about what we ’ve allowed to happen to this city and what is now happening to the middle class and the American economy as a whole .
I was in Detroit with Harley Shaiken , a professor at the University of California , Berkeley , who specializes in labor issues .
He grew up in Detroit and his love for the city and its people are palpable , as is his grief for the horrors the city has endured .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A mother has been detained indefinitely in a mental hospital for smothering her four - year - old daughter .
Zoe David , 34 , who suffers a severe form of paranoid schizophrenia , killed Zoe -Ann David at their Newport home .
She admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility at Cardiff Crown Court .
The case is being reviewed by the Newport Safeguarding Children Board , after it emerged that the girl had been on a child protection register in 2007 .
The court was told that David acted after the little girl said she wanted to " go home " , which the defendant interpreted as " take me home to heaven " .
' Continuing risk ' Recorder of Cardiff Nicholas Cooke QC said the case had been correctly described as a family tragedy , adding there was " no rational motive for this offence whatsoever " .
He said : " The horrific act was the product of the severe mental illness from which Zoe David was suffering at the time and from which she continues to suffer . "
He detained her under the Mental Health Act 1983 as a continuing risk to herself and family members .
Here the court is concerned with the death of a small child - in the eye of the law that life was just as precious as anyone 's
Recorder of Cardiff Nicholas Cooke QC
The body of Zoe - Ann was found in her bedroom in Maesglas , Newport , on 19 June , by an ambulance crew who had been called to treat her mother .
Zoe David was found lying nearby with serious injuries , after cutting herself with a razor blade .
She had taken a large dose of paracetamol and told ambulance staff to leave her alone , saying she was " not supposed to wake " .
Zoe -Ann was found lying face down in her pyjamas .
David had denied murder and her guilty plea of manslaughter by diminished responsibility was accepted by the prosecution .
Dafydd Enoch QC , prosecuting , said : " She showed signs of mental illness in the days leading up to the incident .
She told police in interviews how she thought her daughter 's life was in danger .
" She was wholly convinced that her four - year - old daughter was in danger of being horribly killed .
That was her perception . "
David began to cry as the case was laid out and was excused from the dock by the recorder on the grounds that it was a medical opinion that her mental condition might deteriorate if she heard the facts .
After sentencing he rose briefly " to recognise the enormity of what has happened here , particularly at this time of the year " .
He said : " Here the court is concerned with the death of a small child .
I think it 's important that it should be recognised that in the eye of the law that life was just as precious as anyone 's . "
' Terrible tragedy ' Patrick Harrington QC , defending , said : " Tragic is a much overused word .
In this case it's an understatement of the awfulness of what happened . "
After the sentencing , Gwent Police Detective Superintendent Harry Gamlin said the youngster 's death was a " terrible tragedy for her family and the surrounding community " .
He added : " Zoe 's mother will now get the treatment she needs .
" Our thoughts are with young Zoe 's extended family who have been given support throughout this investigation by our specially - trained family liaison officers .
We hope the conclusion of the case brings them some closure . "
An inquiry is to examine the decision two years earlier to take the youngster off the child protection register .
Zoe -Ann was placed on the child protection register by the Newport Safeguarding Children Board when her family moved to the city from London in 2007 .
In a statement , the Newport 's Safeguarding Children Board said : " The review will establish whether there are any lessons to be learnt about the way in which agencies work together to safeguard children .
" It is our understanding Zoe Ann that had previously been on the Child Protection Register in Newport in 2007 and any relevant information relating to the work of agencies with the family will be considered during the Serious Case Review process .
" The focus of all agencies is to give every possible support to those affected by this tragedy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Early in the week the Senate tried taking up Rep. Jim McDermott 's rather urgent bill , H.R. 3548 , which would extend unemployment insurance to the hundreds of thousands of American workers for whom it has expired -- the banksters having eaten up all the TARP money in cartel - like mergers and bonuses for their top executives without having loosened up on credit for job - creating businesses .
Money for working people ?
You can imagine what happened , of course .
The Republicans went into obstruction mode and began their faux filibuster .
Harry Reid called for a cloture vote on Wednesday and it passed 87 - 13 , every Democrat and most of the Republicans slapping down the worst of the anti-working family fanatics : John Barrasso ( R - WY ) Kit Bond ( R - MO ) Jim Bunning ( R-KY ) ( R- OK ) John Cornyn ( R - TX ) ( R- SC ) Mike Enzi ( R - WY ) Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) Jim Inhofe ( R - OK ) Mike Johanns ( R-NE ) Jeff Sessions ( KKK - AL ) ( R- LA ) The miscreants whose names are bolded are running for re-election next year .
With the filibuster out of the way , next week the Senate will be taking up the actual bill .
Reid has added an extension and expansion of a tax credit for first - time homebuyers to the final bill which has one more procedural hurdle to pass on Monday before it can be voted on later in the week .
The bipartisan deal Reid agreed to Thursday extends the homebuyer tax credit for first - time homebuyers , scheduled to expire Nov. 30 , to people who sign sales contracts by April 30 , 2010 , and close within 60 days .
The refunds would work for their 2009 returns .
The amendment also adds a $ 6,500 credit for existing homeowners , who have lived in their current homes for 5 consecutive years earn less than $ 125,000 ( $ 225,000 for married couples ) , although homes sold for more than $ 800,000 would not be eligible for the credit .
This seems to complement a new Obama proposal announced yesterday for a $ 5 billion tax credit expansion .
According to Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner this is supposes to help distressed communities across the country and he says the tax credits " have proven to be remarkably effective job creators , engines of economic development .
To date over $ 14 billion of private sector capital has been invested in an estimated 2,000 businesses , supporting roughly 200,000 jobs . "
Labels : Dick Durbin , obstructionist Republicans , unemployment
Enlarge By Erik de Castro , Reuters
The Philippines raised the alert level around the country 's most active volcano on Sunday , warning of a possible hazardous eruption within days and extending a " no - go zone " up to 6 miles .
LEGAZPI , Philippines ( AP )  Philippine troops on Monday pressed the last 3,000 villagers who have refused to heed government warnings to leave the danger zone around a volcano that experts say is ready to erupt .
Tens of thousands of people have already been evacuated from the foothills of Mayon , which on Monday emitted lava fountains , powerful booming noises and other signs of an approaching eruption .
But authorities are having trouble keeping villagers away from their homes and farms , said Gov. Joey Salceda .
" There are people who have been evacuated three times , and we sigh : ' You again ? ' " said Salceda of central Albay province .
" We 've been playing cat and mouse with them . "
After a week of puffing out ash and sending bursts of lava trickling down its steep slopes , the 8,070 - foot mountain overlooking the Gulf of Albay and Legazpi city shook with nearly 2,000 volcanic earthquakes and tremors between Sunday and Monday , state volcanologists said .
The emission of sulfur dioxide — an indication of magma rising inside the volcano — jumped to 6,000 tons per day from the normal 500 , said the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology .
It also reported " audible booming and rumbling sounds " in the eastern flank of the volcano , accompanied by intensified crater glow at night .
Lava fountains bursting from the cone - shaped volcano overnight rose 650 feet in the air , the institute said .
Scientists raised the alert level Sunday to one step below a hazardous eruption , saying one was possible within days .
The only higher level is when a major eruption is already in progress .
Army troops and police added more patrols to enforce a five - mile exclusion zone around the mountain , Salceda said .
The area is about 210 miles southeast of Manila .
More than 44,000 residents were given sleeping mats and food inside school buildings , gyms and other emergency shelters , but some have still been spotted checking on their farms in the prohibited zone .
About 3,000 more villagers have held out , staying behind on the fringes of the danger zone out of concern for their homes and belongings .
Many have been evacuated only to come back to tend to farms and property .
Army troops have been deployed to persuade them to move to safety , said Jukes Nunez , a disaster management official .
" We wo n't bodily carry them away because that will violate their rights , " Nunez told the Associated Press .
" But we 've sent troops to persuade and nag them nonstop to move to safer areas . "
Scientists said red hot lava flows had reached three miles from the crater .
A major eruption could trigger pyroclastic flows — superheated gas and volcanic debris that race down the slopes at very high speeds , vaporizing everything in their path .
More extensive explosions of ash could drift toward nearby towns and cities .
The provincial capital of Legazpi is about nine miles away .
In Mayon 's other eruptions in recent years , pyroclastic flows had reached up to four miles from the crater , Salceda said .
" The probability of survival in an eruption is zero if you 're in the danger area .
The solution is obviously distance , " he told the AP .
Mayon last erupted in 2006 , when about 30,000 people were moved .
Another eruption in 1993 killed 79 people .
The first recorded eruption was in 1616 but the most destructive came in 1814 , killing more than 1,200 people and burying a town in volcanic mud .
The ruins of the church in Cagsawa have become an iconic tourist spot .
In 1991 , Mount Pinatubo exploded in the northern Philippines in one of the biggest volcanic eruptions of the 20th century , killing about 800 people .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
why the specter of objectivism is still with us
Ayn Rand claimed to defend capitalism .
So why were her heroes such terrible businesspeople with no idea how companies actually work and make money ?
Illustration by James Ng
Having written for a business magazine and with a background that includes business school ( though in my defense , I mostly studied statistics and social science ) , I just have to indulge my guilty pleasure of taking on a business topic once in a while .
Last time , it was Megan McArdle ’s attempt to defend banks from their share of the blame for selling exotic financial products with wild abandon .
Today ’s segue is inspired by Adam Kirsch and his recent column in the NYT about the legacy of Ayn Rand in the modern conservative movement .
Since business writers are no strangers to advocates of Randism and their conspiratorial bent to see collectivism and socialism menacingly lurking everywhere they look , business sites frequently get a rush of comments by those who see themselves as the enlightened defenders of capitalism from the forces of nefarious liberals .
However , there ’s a slight snag in their loving references of Rand ’s parables about the glory that is capitalism and it comes in the form of her best known protagonists , Howard Roark and John Galt .
They ’re painted as the flawless and perfect embodiments of rationality and reasonable self - interest , and their actions are supposed to illuminate the progress and innovation of capitalism set against the entitlement and greed of collectivism in all its forms .
But lets consider the famous excerpt from John Galt ’s 70 page (! ) speech which Kirsch uses as a starting point for his opening thoughts …
“ We have granted you everything you demanded of us , we who had always been the givers , but have only now understood it , ” Galt lectures the looters and moochers who make up the populace .
“ We have no demands to present you , no terms to bargain about , no compromise to reach .
You have nothing to offer us .
We do not need you . ”
Actually , yes .
You do .
The very public that ’s grossly caricatured as greedy , entitled vultures in Rand ’s novels in the clumsiest of ways , is in reality what keeps the businesspeople and innovators she raised on pedestals in demand and rewards them for their services .
And when her heroes fail to realize that their gifts as artists and inventors can be put to good use if only they learned how to negotiate and work with their clients and bosses , they ultimately succeed as ideologues while failing as businessmen .
In the real world , Roark ’s style would ’ve found its followers and by being an approachable human being , he would ’ve won plenty of business .
Even if a machine designed by Galt was used for charitable purposes , his expertise would ’ve been invaluable and next time he would ’ve been up for a raise or a new contract , he would be in a position of strength in his company .
Instead , Rand presents those who work with the public and provide services people actually want ( you know , like real capitalists do every day ) , ending up as miserable husks of human beings who lose all meaning and peace in their lives .
She sets up a world of demagogues and black and white extremes where none exist .
In the Randian realm , it ’s the experts and innovators the public seeks that become entitled ideological bouncers who want people to recognize how great and wonderful they are .
And just to add insult to injury , the world they occupy encourages both the characters and the readers to consider self - aggrandizing swagger and stubborn obstructionism for ideology ’s sake as a great thing .
With no talent for being actual businessmen who could be successes in the world of commerce , her übermensch are basically nothing more than snobs .
That ’s one of the reasons why the Randian dogma was and is still so addictive for many .
By reading the huge tomes , appreciating them , and quoting them , you become one of the elite and gifted disciples of free market , capitalism and “ rational self - interest . ”
And you do n’t even have to accomplish anything to earn the right to be a member of the gifted elite .
Just remember to tell the people who see through the rouse that they ’re too stupid , or stubborn , or the Objectivists ’ favorite cliché , intellectually dishonest to appreciate Rand ’s work on the level that only the brilliant minds of the elect can .
It never works , but you ’ll get to feel special about yourself .
Whether you ’re actually promoting capitalism or just ideological snobbery can be a secondary consideration .
# 909853 +( 3268 ) - [ X ]
Crimson_Judas : I overheard this chick at lunch talking to a friend
Crimson_Judas :
About how she had to terminate her pregnancy when she was young , and now that she 's ready for children she can't get pregnant
lemonlimeskull : Classic case of ABORT , RETRY , FAIL .
A nativity scene sits on the lawn south of the state Capitol Monday afternoon .
A judge ruled Monday that the secretary of state ’s office must let a group that includes atheists put a winter solstice display on the Capitol grounds .
The Arkansas Society of Freethinkers had sought to put its display up alongside the Christmas display , but had its request denied .
( Staton Breidenthal
Saratoga , Calif .
IN Silicon Valley we have a saying : launch early , launch often .
It ’s an acknowledgment that successful , innovative companies are the ones that rapidly try new ideas , see what works , improve their products and repeat .
Businesses that launch frequently are also able to take advantage of economies of scale to make launchings faster and easier .
In many ways , the key to innovation is speed of execution .
NASA , an agency that depends on innovation , could benefit from the same mindset .
To meet its new goals for human spaceflight , NASA must be able to be creative and take risks , or else it will be unable to adapt to new technology and changing political realities .
Grand plans stretching over decades will become irrelevant and eventually collapse .
In the 12 years before I left NASA in 2007 , we averaged about four space shuttle launchings per year .
We had periods when the rate was even lower : in the late ’90s , during the early construction phase of the International Space Station , and in 2003 , in the wake of the space shuttle Columbia disaster .
I saw firsthand the harm that low launching rates do to innovation .
With precious few flights , every available opportunity to test new equipment or run scientific investigations was filled for years into the future , and this discouraged engineers from trying out new ideas .
Without actual flight test data on , for example , prototypes for new life - support equipment , management was forced to substitute analysis for real engineering experience .
Shopping List 1 1/2 cups black - eyed peas : $ 0.70 2 bunches collard greens : $ 5.00
2 strips bacon ( pro-rated ) : $ 1.50 Pantry items : Olive oil , dried chile , garlic , bay leaves , oregano , thyme , paprika , salt , rice .
Total cost ( for 4 portions ) : $ 7.20
I make these black - eyed peas with herbs all year round , but on the first of the year they 're a must .
With rice and greens , you have a complete modest meal ( or inexpensive sides for an inexpensive pork shoulder , if you 're expecting a carnivorous crowd ) .
Cornbread , which practically makes itself , is another good addition .
Bunches of collard greens vary so wildly in size that I 've specified two , but if you find a large bundle then one should do .
( To head off any questions about my shopping list — I eat nice bacon , and it is n't cheap . )
Although I did n't grow up eating black - eyed peas and greens on New Year 's Day , and I 'm not superstitious , I have to admit that the years since I 've adopted this tradition have been especially sweet .
Why not try it yourself ?
Black - Eyed Peas with Herbs
It seems like fantasy owners are always looking for the next stud young pitcher on the precipice of making an impact .
That involves more than just putting up a good ERA and the possibility of getting wins .
The potential to strikeout batters , and at an impressive rate , is just as important .
Of the young pitchers who could make the leap to the majors in 2010 , Christian Friedrich has the potential to make an impact across the board .
Just look at the numbers the 2008 first round draft pick ( 25th overall ) posted last season at two levels of Single -A :
6 Wins
119.2 Innings
2.41 ERA
1.15 WHIP
159 Strikeouts ( 12.01 K/9 )
43 Walks ( 3.25 BB/9 )
. 334 BABIP
Just look at that BABIP .
That ’s some bad luck , yet , with the number of strikeouts he was able to produce , he still put up stellar numbers .
In fact , in the Major Leagues last season there were only seven pitchers with at least 100 innings who had a BABIP above .330 .
Of them Ricky Nolasco posted the best WHIP at 1.25 with no one else being better than 1.37 ( Carl Pavano ) .
We all know the strikeouts will likely regress some as he moves up the levels , but at the same time he should pitch to significantly better luck as well .
Put it together and it is not unbelievable to think that he could actually post a similar WHIP , even against more advanced hitters .
He certainly has the stuff , that ’s for sure .
Just look at what Baseball America , who ranked him as the Rockies second best prospect heading into 2010 , had to say :
“ Friedrich has added velocity , pitching consistently in the low 90s and topping out at 95 last season .
He has a 12 - to - 6 curveball and a hard slider , both emerging as plus pitches .
He rarely threw his changeup before pro ball , but it has becoming an average offering . ”
At the time he was drafted , Rockies Vice President of Scouting , Bill Schmidt , said , “ He has a four - pitch mix and a very good breaking ball . ”
That breaking ball ( his curveball ) is what many believe is his best pitch .
The ERA in 2009 was impressive , but it ’s obviously going to be difficult to maintain .
He did a great job of keeping the ball in the ballpark , allowing just five home runs .
As he moves up , you have to expect him to allow a few more , but again , being capable of generating swings and misses certainly goes a long way in correcting for some mistakes .
The fact that he ’s a 22 - year old lefty just makes him all the more attractive to a team that is likely to have a hole in its rotation ( Jason Marquis is a free agent and unlikely to return ) .
Look at their current staff :
Ubaldo Jimenez Aaron Cook Jorge De La Rosa Jason Hammel Jeff Francis
Hammel sports a career ERA of 5.18 over 384.0 innings ( though , as Tim Lawrence pointed out yesterday , he does have some potential upside ) and in Francis , does anyone really know what to expect ?
Once a dependable option and the ace of the Rockies staff ( despite a career 4.74 ERA ) , Francis missed all of 2009 .
To count on him to be a major force would be a mistake .
It all adds up to the Rockies likely needing one , if not two additional starters at some point in 2010 ( not taking any potential injuries into account ) .
Would it surprise anyone to see Friedrich be given an opportunity ?
He did miss time in 2009 due to inflammation in his elbow , which helped to limit his innings .
That could be a cause for concern , since he could face an innings limit in 2010 , so keep that in mind .
Still , with his stuff , you have to like his chances of not only getting an opportunity , but making a major impact .
When you can get strikeouts like he has , you are an instant player to monitor in all formats .
What are your thoughts ?
How good could Friedrich be ?
Will he make an impact in 2010 ?
You can read other recent Prospect Reports including :
IPhone users guilty of hogging data could see their phone bills fattening .
In a presentation to investors Wednesday , AT&T ’s head of consumer services , Ralph de la Vega , said that just 3 % of iPhone users generate 40 % of the data traffic on AT&T ’s cellphone network .
As such AT&T , the exclusive carrier of the iPhone , is likely to introduce a pricing system that would penalize heavy data users , encouraging them “ to either reduce or modify their usage so they do n’t crowd out the other customers in those same cell sites , ” he said .
De la Vega did not offer specifics on pricing changes .
By using data - intensive applications such as streaming audio and video services , a small number of iPhone users have been putting a huge burden on AT&T ’s network , causing lackluster performance in New York City , San Francisco and other major markets .
“ We ’ve got to get to those customers and have them recognize that they need to change their patterns or have to face other things , ” De la Vega told investors at UBS .
In general , smart - phone users pay a fixed monthly rate for unlimited data , but AT&T and other companies have found that the explosion of phone applications that must connect to the Internet has caused a surge in the amount of data users are consuming .
De la Vega said AT&T will have added 2,000 cell sites this year and plans to continue investing heavily to keep its networks fast .
“ What we ’re seeing in the U.S. today , in terms of smart - phone penetration and 3G data , ” he said , “ nobody else is seeing on the rest of the planet . ”
david.sarno@latimes.com
Tools like scp , sftp and rsync allow us to copy files easily and securely between these accounts .
But , what if we do n't want to copy the files to our local system before using them ?
Normally , this would be a good place for a traditional network filesystem , such as NFS , OpenAFS or Samba .
Unfortunately , setting up these network filesystems requires administrator access on both systems .
Enter SSHFS and FUSE Luckily , as long as you have SSH access , you can use SSHFS to mount and use remote directory trees as if they were local .
SSHFS requires no special software on the remote side , just a modern SSH server with support for the SFTP extension .
All modern Linux distributions support this extension , which was added to OpenSSH in version 2.3.0 , released in November 2000 .
SSHFS is built upon the FUSE user - space filesystem framework project .
FUSE allows user - space software , SSH in this case , to present a virtual filesystem interface to the user .
This is similar to how the / proc and / sys filesystems present kernel internals in the form of files in a directory tree .
SSHFS connects to the remote system and does all the necessary operations to provide the look and feel of a regular filesystem interface for remote files .
Installing SSHFS and FUSE I am using Fedora Core 4 on the workstation where I will be mounting the remote directories .
The remote system is also Fedora Core 4 , but any * NIX system running a modern SSH server with the SFTP extension will work .
Your Linux kernel also must have the user - space filesystems feature enabled , either built - in or as a module .
All the software required for SSHFS is available as packages installable with yum for Fedora Core 4 .
Simply run : $ yum install fuse - sshfs
This installs SSHFS , FUSE and the fuse - lib dependencies automatically .
You also can build SSHFS from source , but more on that later .
Before you can use SSHFS or any other FUSE - based filesystem as a nonroot user , you must first add those users to the fuse group .
In my case , my user name is matt .
This can be done from the command line as root with the command : $ usermod - a - G fuse matt
The fuse group lets you limit which users are allowed to use FUSE - based filesystems .
This is important because FUSE installs setuid programs , which always carry security implications .
On a highly secured system , access to such programs should be evaluated and controlled .
After installing and configuring the software , we are ready to give it a whirl .
To demonstrate the basic functionality , I will make a connection to a remote system called my.randombox.com .
The default operation for SSHFS is to mount the remote user 's home directory ; this is the most common use of SSHFS .
Just like mounting any other filesystem , you need an empty directory called a mountpoint under which the remote filesystem will be mounted .
I create a mountpoint named randombox_home , and then invoke the sshfs command to mount the remote filesystem .
Here is how it 's done : $ cd $ HOME $ mkdir randombox_home $ sshfs matt@my.randombox.com : randombox_home matt@my.randombox.com 's password : ************ $ ls -l randombox_home / -rw-r----- 1 matt users 7286 Feb 11 08:59 sshfs.article.main.txt drwx------ 1 matt users 2048 Mar 21 2001 projects drwx ------ 1 matt users 2048 Dec 1 2000 Mail drwxr - xr-x 1 matt users 4096 Jun 8 2002 public_html $ cp ~/my_web_site/index.html randombox_home/public_html/
That 's it .
My home directory on my.randombox.com is now mounted under the directory randombox_home on my local workstation .
In the background , FUSE , SSHFS and the remote SSH server is doing all the legwork to make my remote home directory appear just like any other local filesystem .
If you want to mount a directory other than your home directory , simply put it after the colon on the sshfs command line .
You even can specify / to mount an entire remote system .
You will of course have access only to the files and directories for which the remote user account has permission .
Everything else will get “ Permission denied ” messages .
An example of this is shown below : $ cd $ HOME $ mkdir randombox_slash $ sshfs matt@my.randombox.com :/ randombox_slash matt@my.randombox.com 's password : $ ls -l randombox_slash / total 0 drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Nov 15 10:51 bin drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 1024 Nov 16 07:11 boot drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 118784 Jan 26 08:35 dev drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Feb 17 10:37 etc drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Nov 29 09:30 home drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Jan 24 2003 initrd drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Nov 15 10:53 lib drwx ------ 1 root root 16384 Nov 11 10:21 lost + found drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Nov 11 10:38 mnt drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Jan 24 2003 opt dr-xr-xr-x 1 root root 0 Jan 26 08:11 proc drwx ------ 1 root root 4096 Mar 3 09:34 root drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 8192 Nov 15 13:50 sbin drwxrwxrwt 1 root root 4096 Mar 5 18:41 tmp drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Nov 11 10:55 usr drwxr - xr-x 1 root root 4096 Jan 20 08:16 var $ cat randombox_slash / etc/shadow cat : randombox_slash/etc/shadow : Permission denied $ ls -l randombox_slash / root / ls : reading directory randombox_slash / root / : Permission denied total 0 $ ls -l randombox_slash / home / matt / -rw-r----- 1 matt users 7286 Feb 11 08:59 sshfs.article.main.txt drwx------ 1 matt users 2048 Mar 21 2001 projects drwx ------ 1 matt users 2048 Dec 1 2000 Mail drwxr - xr-x 1 matt users 4096 Jun 8 2002 public_html $
Automating the Connection
As you can see from the above examples , I needed to type my password to complete the SSH connection to the remote system .
This can be eliminated by creating a trust relationship between the local and remote user accounts .
This is not appropriate in all situations , because it essentially makes the accounts equivalent from a security perspective .
Any malicious activity on one account can spread to other systems via the trust , so take caution and fully understand the implications of setting up trust relationships .
To begin setting this up , you need to create an SSH key pair , which consists of public and private key files named id_rsa and id_rsa.pub , respectively .
The public key is copied to the remote system and placed in the $ HOME /.ssh / authorized_keys file .
Some systems may use the filename authorized_keys2 in addition to or instead of authorized_keys .
This allows any user in possession of the private key to authenticate without a password .
We create the key pair using the command ssh - keygen .
The files are placed in the proper locations automatically on the local system in the $ HOME /. ssh directory .
Because we already have my remote home directory mounted , appending the public key to the authorized_keys file is extra easy .
Below are all the steps required ( assuming you created the equivalent of the randombox_home directory and mounted it ) : $ cd $ HOME $ ssh - keygen -t rsa Generating public / private rsa key pair .
Enter file in which to save the key ( /home/ matt/.ssh/id_rsa ) : < ENTER >
Enter passphrase ( empty for no passphrase ) : < ENTER >
Enter same passphrase again : < ENTER >
Your identification has been saved in /home / matt/.ssh/id_rsa .
Your public key has been saved in /home / matt/.ssh/id_rsa.pub .
The key fingerprint is : fa:e7:7c:e1 :cb:7b:66:8b:67:07:05:99:7f:05:b9:4a matt@myworkstation $ mkdir randombox_home/.ssh $ chmod 700 randombox_home/.ssh $ cat .ssh/id_rsa.pub >> randombox_home/.ssh/authorized_keys $ chmod 600 randombox_home/.ssh/authorized_keys
In the above example , we create the key pair with an empty passphrase , then append the public key to the authorized_keys file in the remote home directory and set the permissions .
After this is done , I no longer need to type the password when connecting to the remote account .
To test this , first we unmount the remote home directory with the following command : $ fusermount -u randombox_home
To test the trust relationship , we can try to run the uptime command on the remote system : $ ssh matt@my.randombox.com uptime 12:20:40 up 38 days , 4:12 , 0 users , load average : 0.11 , 0.04 , 0.01 Good , no password needed .
The trust relationship is working properly .
If you have trouble getting this trust relationship to work , check the permissions on the files in .ssh on both systems .
Many times lax permissions prevent SSH from using key files .
Also , take a look at the syslog log files .
OpenSSH 's sshd server logs messages into syslog , which often are helpful in diagnosing key file problems .
You may have to increase the logging verbosity level in the sshd_config file , usually found in / etc / ssh / .
You also can debug the connection by running ssh in the above example with the - vvv option to turn up verbosity .
Now , let 's mount the remote directory again .
This time it does not prompt for my password : $ cd $ HOME $ mkdir randombox_home $ sshfs matt@my.randombox.com : randombox_home $ ls -l randombox_home / -rw-r----- 1 matt users 7286 Feb 11 10:33 sshfs.article.main.txt drwx------ 1 matt users 2048 Mar 21 2001 projects drwx ------ 1 matt users 2048 Dec 1 2000 Mail drwxr - xr-x 1 matt users 4096 Jun 8 2002 public_html
Integrating with the GNOME Desktop
In the last example , we configured and automated non-interactive mounting of a remote directory .
Because we 're no longer being prompted for a password , we can integrate SSHFS mounting into scripts , or better yet the GNOME desktop .
To configure GNOME to mount our remote home directory automatically , we configure the SSHFS mount command as a session startup program .
This is done from inside the Sessions preferences dialog .
Navigate to Desktop →Preferences →More Preferences →Sessions ->Add , and fill in the dialog as shown in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 .
Set up a GNOME startup command to mount an SSHFS share .
Upon the next login , GNOME automatically mounts the remote directory for me , as you can see in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 . GNOME automatically mounts the remote directory .
Note that GNOME does not reliably kill this command upon exiting the session .
You can unmount the remote directory manually using the fusermount -u randombox_home command .
Another option is to automate the unmount by modifying the $ HOME / .
Xclients - default file to run the fusermount command as follows : #!/bin/bash # ( c ) 2001 Red Hat , Inc. WM= " gnome- session " WMPATH= " /usr/bin /usr/X11R6/bin /usr/local /bin "
# Kludged to run fusermount upon gnome logout .
20060301 - MEH for p in $ WMPATH ; do [ -x $ p / $ WM ] && $ p / $ WM ; fusermount -u randombox_home ; exit 0 done exit 1
Be aware that the .
Xclients - default file is rewritten every time you run the switchdesk utility .
You have to modify this file every time you use use the switchdesk utility to change your default desktop windowing manager .
Finally , you can add the appropriate sshfs commands in the boot startup file that is appropriate for your distribution .
This way , your system will mount all the SSHFS directories automatically each time you boot your desktop .
Building SSHFS from Source
If your particular Linux distribution does not prepackage SSHFS , or if you simply want to build it from source , this also is pretty easy .
First , confirm that you have installed whatever files or packages are required for kernel module development .
You need these to build the FUSE kernel module .
Then , download the latest source tarballs for both FUSE and SSHFS from SourceForge ( see the on- line Resources ) .
Place the downloaded tarball files in a temporary directory , then build and install using the following commands in that directory : $ tar - xzf fuse - 2.5.2.tar.gz $ cd fuse - 2.5.2 $ ./ configure -- prefix= / usr $ make $ su -c " make install " $ cd .. $ tar - xzf sshfs - fuse - 1.5.tar.gz $ cd sshfs - fuse - 1.5 $ ./ configure -- prefix= / usr $ make $ su -c " make install "
After everything is installed , you are ready to perform any of the examples presented previously .
After installation , the sshfs and fusermount commands are installed in /usr / bin .
I ’d just like to wish all my American readers a very Happy Thanksgiving .
I ’ve always loved this holiday , because it encourages us to focus on , and be grateful for , what we have .
And when we stop to think about it , most of us truly have enough .
Furthermore , it makes us stop and realize that material goods are not the source of happiness — far from it , in fact .
Friends , family , love , and good health — these are the things that make our lives truly rich .
We really do n’t need much beyond that .
When my friends and I were in our early twenties , before we had families of our own , we all used to meet up on the Wednesday night before Thanksgiving .
Fresh off trains and planes , we would gather in a bar for a few hours before going home to parents ’ and relatives ’ houses .
In terms of possessions and money , we had little to none ; in fact , for some of us , scraping up the train or plane fare home was a major undertaking .
Yet we could n’t be happier ; we were heady with freedom , and the world was full of possibility .
It ’s this sense of liberation that minimalist living has allowed me to recapture .
And since we do n’t have friends or family to celebrate with in the UK , my husband and I plan to spend our Thanksgiving evening relaxing in a pub–being grateful for the amazing opportunity to live here , and the chance to explore how little we need ( in terms of stuff ) to truly be happy .
On another note , I hope you ’ll join me in supporting Buy Nothing Day ( this Friday , Nov 27 in the US , and Saturday , Nov 28 in the rest of the world ) .
For those unfamiliar with it , Buy Nothing Day is a 24 - hour moratorium on consumer spending , conveniently timed in the US to coincide with Black Friday , the biggest shopping day of the year .
You can participate simply by staying out of shops and malls for the day ; the more activist - minded can join anti-consumer demonstrations and protests .
For events in your area , see the Buy Nothing Day page on Adbusters.com .
It ’s a wonderful way to express your minimalism — and send a message to the corporate and marketing world that “ We have enough ! ”
Poor Michelle Bachmann can’t seem to catch a break lately .
Less than a week after Comedy Central ’s Jon Stewart , of all people , poked holes in a Fox report on her November 5th tea party healthcare protest which utilized falsified footage to inflate the attendance , a Washington D.C. based watchdog is calling for a House probe of the Republican congresswoman from Minnesota .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ CREW contends that Rep. Bachmann misused her official congressional website by urging people to come to the Capitol to protest the legislation despite House rules restricting members from using their websites to engage in ‘ grassroots lobbying or solicit support for a Member ’s position , ” states a press release on the website for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
“ Rep . Bachmann ’s website urged people to come to the Capitol rally ‘ and tell their Representatives to vote no ’ on the health care reform bill . ”
CREW excutive director Melanie Sloan adds , “ Taxpayers fund members ’ websites and because of that those sites may not be used to organize a public rally for or against any particular legislation . ”
CREW also asked OCE to determine if Rep. Bachmann and other members violated House rules by failing to acquire a permit for the Nov. 5 rally and by falsely calling the event a “ press conference , ” though no questions were asked by the media .
Politico quoted from a Republican Study Committee email directing staff members to “ please make sure your boss does not term this event a rally . ”
A Capitol Police spokeswoman confirmed the lawmakers had no permit for a demonstration .
In a TV interview , however , Rep. Bachmann urged opponents of the bill “ to come to Washington , D.C. by the car load . ”
“ Whoever heard of a press conference without questions ? ” asked Sloan .
“ Calling a rally a press conference to circumvent congressional rules is like calling a Hummer a Prius to meet fuel efficiency standards . ”
Sloan continued , “ The OCE needs to make clear that members must abide by all rules , even those they find politically inconvenient . ”
The Hill reports ,
Bachmann ’s office , however , has so far steered clear of these criticisms .
When Democratic strategists first lobbed those charges at Bachmann last week , her spokeswoman told reporters the Minnesota Republican ’s Web site merely “ encourages the American people to exercise their right to petition ” — hinting that the congresswoman ’s advertisements were within the confines of House rules .
Her spokesperson was not immediately available Tuesday for comment .
ADVERTISEMENT
Links to CREW ’s letter requesting a probe and exhibit docs can be found at this link and here .
Can be both the ugliest and most adorable dogs .
This ones definitely adorable
Sometimes the stupidity is too much to bear .
From the new guidelines for international air travel :
U.S. - bound passengers aboard international flights must undergo a " thorough pat - down " at boarding gates , focused on the upper legs and torso .
Thanks for letting us know , TSA , that the search should be focused on the upper legs and torso .
As I 've said on numerous occasions , pat - downs that ignore the crotch and the ass are useless .
We recently saw in Saudi Arabia the detonation of a rectal bomb , so it really does n't take much creativity to imagine that terrorists will be taping explosives to their scrotums .
Of course , TSA is not going to be feeling - up people 's scrotums anytime soon , so the question remains :
Why does our government continue to make believe that it can stop terrorists from boarding civilian planes when anyone with half - a- brain and a spare two minutes can think up a dozen ways to bypass the symbolic security measures at our airports ?
Next item : " Passengers must remain seated for the final hour before landing .
During that time , they may not have access to their carry - on baggage or hold personal items on their laps . "
But what about their underwear ?
Can they have access to their underwear , which is where our latest would - be Muslim martyr apparently hid his bomb ?
And why can't we have access to our laptops , if they 've already been screened ?
By the way , these rules , the Washington Post says , are in effect only until December 30th .
In January , you see , the jihad is over .
That , or the TSA needs until December 30th to properly promulgate a formal set of inane new rules , to add to the inane rules currently in place .
Here 's an alternative suggestion for the Obama administration : Focus on capturing and killing Islamist terrorists overseas .
By the time they get to the airport , it is , generally speaking , too late .
Bolivian President Evo Morales easily won his second five - year term Sunday night , solidifying the revolution he promises to bring to the country 's long - oppressed indigenous majority .
While recent elections in countries such as Uruguay and Honduras have seen Latin America 's pendulum swing back to centrist candidates , Mr. Morales – Bolivia 's first indigenous president – is one of the region 's most strident leftists , a close ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez , and a vocal foe of the US .
Morales 's win chalks up another important victory for the region 's hard - left , Chávez - led bloc , which also includes Ecuador , Nicaragua , and Cuba .
Morales , a former coca grower , has many detractors , particularly in the energy - rich lowlands who say his programs to assert greater state control over the economy could destroy national productivity .
But his wide victory margin was no surprise : he has long appealed to Bolivians who felt shut out by the old political elites in a country where 60 percent of the population identifies as indigenous and the same percentage falls below the poverty line .
" He 's an important representative for sectors that see themselves in him .
He 's lived like them , " says Bolivian author and journalist Fernando Molino , who says the president 's success lies in his ability to combine renewed Bolivian nationalism with popular - hero status .
" He started from very low and now he is where he is . "
Hailing from the Movement Toward Socialism ( MAS ) , Morales won more than 62 percent of the vote in elections Sunday , with nearly all of the ballots counted .
Bolivians also voted in a new Congress .
' What do we want ?
Socialism !'
Sunday night supporters flooded into Plaza Murillo in downtown La Paz chanting " What do we want ?
Socialism ! " amid air horns and drums .
Morales avoided a runoff by capturing over 50 percent of the vote , as he did with his first win in 2005 , when he won with 53.7 percent .
The election comes after Bolivians ratified a new Constitution in January allowing his second - term bid .
The document , which recognizes a " plurinational " state , was considered a boon to the nation 's indigenous .
His closest contenders were fierce foe and former governor Manfred Reyes Villa of Plan Progreso para Bolivia and Samuel Doria Medina with Unidad Nacional .
Neither came even close to Morales .
In the eastern province of Santa Cruz , which resisted Morales ' recent constitutional reforms and has led opposition calls for greater independence from the central government , Mr. Reyes Villa narrowly defeated Morales , according to preliminary results .
' A real socialist '
Girardo Urquizo , a coca farmer , stands as an example of both Morales´s popularity and polarizing abilities .
Mr. Urquizo recently moved to Pando , one of the country 's northern , tropical provinces , under Morales 's plan to redistribute millions of acres managed by the state to landless Bolivians .
" Evo has always spoken in defense of us , no matter how much the rich and the business people try to marginalize us .
I know Evo , he 's a real socialist , " he says .
" When he won the first time , we celebrated , and we still have those feelings . "
The policy , as many others that seek to redistribute wealth in the poor , landlocked nation , has generated controversy .
Some claim that Morales is relocating his supporters to boost votes in areas that do not support him , while others hail the project as a concrete attempt to address inequality in Bolivia .
Down the Chávez path ?
Morales has also tightened state control over natural gas and mining industries .
Under his administration , relations with the US have at times soured .
In 2008 he expelled both the US ambassador and the US Drug Enforcement Administration .
His detractors say they fear he is taking Bolivia down the same path as Venezuela , where Chávez has also sought and won re-election and battled the country 's elite .
Most recently Chávez shut down several banks in a growing banking probe , including another one this past weekend .
On Sunday a government minister stepped down amid the scandal and Chávez called bankers " dirty thieves . "
Some Bolivians fear this style will increasingly creep into Bolivia 's political and economic life .
Sandra Zanier , an opposition congresswoman - elect from La Paz , says she fears that Morales will attempt to run for president again in 2014 , using the new constitution to justify a third term .
Ms. Zanier sees Morales 's alliance with Chávez as a sign of this desire .
" It 's not a good thing that another president can come here and make decisions , " she says .
" Morales is permitting it because he wants to become a dictator . "
Even those in the center have their misgivings about the president .
Voter Graciela Zubieta defines herself as a centrist , but she voted for Mr. Medina in this race .
" I 'm not from the right or the left .
I want to be a neutral point , and I think that is ( Medina ) , " she says .
" He represents progress . "
But for a majority of voters , it is Morales who will give Bolivians their best chance at moving forward , and he is a man they simply like and trust .
" He 's a really charismatic candidate .
...
He 's a president who has represented the people since his first day in office , " says Tatiana Albarracín Murillo , a young lawyer and Morales supporter who lives in La Paz .
" He 's the first indigenous president of Bolivia – that affects his image .
That along with his honesty , and the way he resolves problems from day to day , make him a very likable person .
At the same time other groups , for the same characteristics , hate him .
Even today , there are people who can't believe an Indian is president . "
I am a software developer with expertise in web technologies .
I have many years of experience developing web apps , especially those relating to social media and e-commerce .
I am interested in just about everything ; Applied Mathematics , Engineering , Programming , Astronomy , Anthropology , Philosophy , Ontology , Psychology , History , Business , Marketing , Economics , Finance / Investment , and Art .
There is something interesting in everything .
I try to steer myself in whatever direction my ignorance leads .
Two Iranian convicts who escaped execution on Tuesday were hanged hours after being recaptured , Iranian media has reported .
The men and five relatives who aided their escape from the hangman 's noose were caught on the way to the coastal town of Bandar Abbas , officials said .
No additional information was given about how they managed to escape .
Iran executes more people than anywhere else in the world except China , human rights groups say .
After the pair were recaptured , the execution was disrupted a second time by a crowd in the town of Sirjan .
The exact details of the incident are still confused , it is not known whether the execution was carried out in public , or the size of the crowd that tried to stop it .
Security forces opened fire on the crowd killing two people , witnesses told the BBC Persian service .
The semi-official news agency Fars reported that a shoot - out broke out between crowd members and security forces , in which 25 people were injured .
The men , named as Esmail Fathipour and Mohammad Esfandiarpour , were executed at the third attempt .
Family punishment
The men were convicted of arms smuggling offences and bank robbery , the Fars news agency reported .
The men's family reportedly led the crowd which overpowered security services as the men were being hung .
The officials have not said what punishment the family members will face .
This year the Iranian government has increased the already high number of executions , possibly as a way of asserting its authority in the wake of the disputed presidential election result , BBC correspondents say .
Human rights groups accuse Iran of making excessive use of the death penalty but Tehran insists it is an effective deterrent that is used only after a lengthy judicial process .
Approximately 30 activists – mainly students from area universities – disrupted a lecture given in Chicago by former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert yesterday which was hosted by the University of Chicago ’s Harris School of Public Policy .
While Olmert ’s speech was disrupted inside the lecture hall , approximately 150 activists protested outside the hall in the freezing rain .
Protesters inside the hall read off the names of Palestinian children killed during Israel ’s assault on Gaza last winter .
They shouted that it was unacceptable that the war crimes suspect be invited to speak at a Chicago university when his army destroyed a university in Gaza in January .
They reminded the audience of the more than 1,400 Palestinians killed during the Gaza attacks and the more than 1,200 killed during Israel ’s invasion of Lebanon in 2006 .
Both invasions happened during Olmert ’s premiership .
With interventions coming every few minutes throughout his appearance , Olmert had difficulty giving his speech and often appeared frustrated .
At one point he appealed for “ just five minutes ” to speak without being interrupted .
The demonstration was mobilized last week after organizers learned of the lecture , paid for by a grant provided by Jordan ’s King Abdullah II .
Within hours an appeal was issued , urging those concerned with Palestinian rights to call the university and demand that the lecture be canceled .
The call was put out by major community organizations such as the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee ( ADC ) - Chicago , American Muslims for Palestine and the United States Palestine Community Network , as well as solidarity organizations al - Awda , the International Jewish Anti-Zionist Network , the International Solidarity Movement , the Palestine Solidarity Group - Chicago and area campus groups such as Students for Justice in Palestine chapters at DePaul University and the University of Illinois at Chicago , as well as the Arab Student Union at Moraine Valley .
The security presence at the lecture was severe with university police , the US Secret Service and Israeli security present – many of them visibly armed – with Israeli security checking in those who had registered in advance to attend the lecture .
Video and photography was banned inside the hall and media were not allowed to cover the lecture .
Despite these restrictions , activists managed to take video inside the hall and drop an eight - foot - long banner from the mezzanine that read “ Goldstone ” in both English and Hebrew , referring to the recently published UN report investigating violations of international law during the Gaza invasion .
One activist was arrested and put in a headlock by a police officer , witnesses said , and released around midnight .
Approximately 30 supporters waited for him at the police station while he was detained .
Towards the end of the lecture , Olmert put his hand over his brow and squinted to search out the source of the shout , “ There ’s no discussion with a war criminal – the only discussion you should be having is in court ! ”
That call was made by Ream Qato , who graduated from the university in 2007 , and added , “ You belong in the Hague ! ” Qato told The Electronic Intifada that yesterday ’s protest “ Set the stage for University of Chicago students and students in the Chicago area … no one should be afraid of speaking out against someone . ”
She added that the demonstration was significant because “ The Palestinian community [ in Chicago ] for the first time went to a university campus to protest . ”
Approximately 150 protesters demonstrated outside the University of Chicago hall where former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert was speaking .
( Maureen Clare Murphy )
Second - year medical student Afshan Mohiuddin was removed from the hall after she voiced her disapproval at the Harris School dean ’s on - stage assertion that Olmert was invited to express his views .
“ He can do that at the International Court of Justice , not at this university , ” Mohiuddin shouted , adding , “ [ Olmert ] belongs in a cage , not on a stage ! ”
Mohiuddin told The Electronic Intifada that “ it was ironic that they searched us [ instead of him ] , ” considering that Olmert is suspected of war crimes .
She added , “ As a University of Chicago student I was upset with the lack of commotion on behalf of the student body before the event …
No one has protested the event . ”
Mohiuddin ’s frustration was echoed in a commentary published by the University of Chicago ’s student publication The Chicago Maroon earlier this week , in which third - year student Nadia Marie Ismail decried the lack of protest by the university community towards the Olmert speech .
She contrasted this silence with the pressure the Center for Middle Eastern Studies faced after a lecture earlier this year by The Electronic Intifada ’s Ali Abunimah ( who was the first to disrupt Olmert ’s speech yesterday ) , University of Chicago professor John Mearsheimer and Norman Finkelstein , whose lost bid for tenure at DePaul University is attributed to outside pressure by Israel government apologists .
“ [ T ] hat University center was put under unprecedented pressure for weeks before and months after the event , with claims that University centers and schools should not host ‘ one - sided ’ speakers , ” Ismail wrote .
Olmert ’s lecture in Chicago was one of several scheduled throughout the United States .
His speech at the University of Kentucky the previous day was disrupted by activists and met with a protest outside .
These demonstrations are part of a wave of notched - up dissent towards Israeli officials implicated in war crimes and racist policy .
In 2003 , former Israeli minister Natan Sharansky was greeted with a pie in the face by an activist at Rutgers University in New Jersey .
Last year at the UK’s Oxford University , a speech by Israeli President Shimon Peres was drowned out by protesters outside while students inside the hall disrupted his talk .
One of the organizers of the protest , Hatem Abudayyeh , National Coordinating Committee member of the United States Palestine Community Network , hoped for a larger count of protesters despite the adverse weather .
However , he said , “ The fact that there ’s people around the world who know about it , the fact that PACBI [ the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel ] sent us a letter of support and endorsement of our action , the fact that there was coordination with the outside protest and the inside disruption – all of these components and aspects of the action made it one of the more successful ones that we ’ve done . ”
He added , “ There is real change happening , whether it ’s the international response to the Lebanon war or the international response to the Gaza war .
The US is the most powerful country in the world , Israel is a powerful military as well , but the Palestinians have the world on their side . ”
Video shot and produced by The Electronic Intifada .
Maureen Clare Murphy is Managing Editor of The Electronic Intifada and an activist with the Palestine Solidarity Group - Chicago , which co-sponsored the demonstration .
Are skeptic ’s really bad at making their case .
Or are warming alarmists purposely avoiding the skeptic ’s best arguments ?
That ’s the question I am left with after reading this Scientific American article supposedly shooting down the skeptic ’s best 7 arguments .
Let ’s walk very briefly through all seven .
If you do n’t want to go through these individually , I will preview the ending or you can skip to it :
None of these seven include any of the most powerful or central arguments of skeptics .
At the end of this article I offer seven competing skeptics claims that never seem to get addressed .
Claim 1 : Anthropogenic CO2 ca n’t be changing climate , because CO2 is only a trace gas in the atmosphere and the amount produced by humans is dwarfed by the amount from volcanoes and other natural sources .
Water vapor is by far the most important greenhouse gas , so changes in CO2 are irrelevant .
I have never really relied on this argument , so I am not going to bother with this one .
Claim 2 : The alleged “ hockey stick ” graph of temperatures over the past 1,600 years has been disproved .
It does n’t even acknowledge the existence of a “ medieval warm period ” around 1000 A.D. that was hotter than today is .
Therefore , global warming is a myth .
Without digging into the detail of proxies and statistical methods , it is nearly impossible to discuss the hockey stick in 3 paragraphs .
But in the end it does n’t matter because the author and I agree that it does n’t matter .
The author writes :
But hypothetically , even if the hockey stick was busted … what of it ?
The case for anthropogenic global warming originally came from studies of climate mechanics , not from reconstructions of past temperatures seeking a cause .
Warnings about current warming trends came out years before Mann ’s hockey stick graph .
Even if the world were incontrovertibly warmer 1,000 years ago , it would not change the fact that the recent rapid rise in CO2 explains the current episode of warming more credibly than any natural factor does — and that no natural factor seems poised to offset further warming in the years ahead .
Leaving off the very end , where he goes sailing into the aether by saying incontrovertibly that the rise in CO2 explains our current episode of warming , he says that the hockey stick is n’t really evidence at all , no matter what it says .
I agree .
But skeptics were n’t the ones who brought it up as relevant evidence , the alarmists did .
If they are walking away from it , fine .
[ By the way , this is an absolutely core technique of climate science – defend a flawed analysis like a mother bear , claim it is the smoking gun that proves everything , and then when forced to finally accept that it is flawed say that it does n’t matter . ]
Claim 3 : Global warming stopped a decade ago ; the earth has been cooling since then .
His answer here is really an amazing bit of cognitive dissonance .
He writes :
Anyone with even a glancing familiarity with statistics should be able to spot the weaknesses of that argument .
Given the extended duration of the warming trend , the expected ( and observed ) variations in the rate of increase and the range of uncertainties in the temperature measurements and forecasts , a decade ’s worth of mild interruption is too small a deviation to prove a break in the pattern , climatologists say … .
If a lull in global warming continues for another decade , would that vindicate the contrarians ’ case ?
Not necessarily , because climate is complex .
So even a 20 year lack of warming does not disprove that CO2 is causing 0.2C – 0.25C per decade of warming or more , because natural variations could mask this or offset it somehow ( offsetting therefore as much as 0.5C by natural variation in the cooling direction over two decades ) .
Some might ask , ca n’t the warming be hiding or taking some time off ?
First , if the theory is right , it ca n’t be taking time off .
It has to warm , year in and year out .
It can hide in the deep oceans , but new technologies like the ARGO floats since 2002 have shown no increase in ocean heat content in the 6 - 7 years .
This is why scientists are stuck positing there is some natural phenomenon offsetting the heating with cooling .
But here is the problem , not that any warming scientists are honest enough to raise it .
Their entire argument that recent warming has been driven by CO2 ( as the author confidently asserted above ) is that scientists are unable to explain the warming since 1950 any other way ( ie it ca n’t be explained by natural factors ) .
Leave aside that this assertion is based solely on runs of their flawed models – we will get to that later .
Look at the temperature curve for the past decades :
From this we see two things .
First , warming since 1950 really means warming since about 1975 - 1980 , since there was a flat period before that .
And , this warming over the two decades of the 80’s and 90’s was between 0.4 and 0.5C .
So , do you see the problem ?
The entire foundation of global warming alarmism is based on the fact that their computer models can’t imagine anything natural that would warm things by as much as 0.4-0.5C over two decades .
But now , to save the theory , they are positing that there are natural cooling effects that will offset 0.4-0.5C over two decades .
Either natural effects can move temperatures a half degree over two decades or they ca n’t ( by the way , if you want a hint , look at 1910 - 1940 , where temperatures moved 0.6C over three decades long before man put much CO2 in the air . )
Claim 4 : The sun or cosmic rays are much more likely to be the real causes of global warming .
After all , Mars is warming up , too .
A couple of issues here .
First , here is a great example of assuming your conclusion .
The IPCC notes that between 1750 and 2005 , the radiative forcing from the sun increased by 0.12 watts / square - meter —less than a tenth of the net forcings from human activities [ pdf ] ( 1.6 W/m2 ) .
Skeptic ’s think that the net forcing numbers from human activities are over - stated , mainly due to over - assumptions of positive feedback effects .
Rather than address this issue , he just assumes the forcing number is right and then says this “ proves ” skeptics are wrong .
He goes on to say that Svensmark ’s cosmic ray theory of cloud formation is not well proven .
I would agree with him that it is a formative theory and needs a lot more evidence and authentication before I am ready to say it represents how the world works .
Which is one reason you will see me sometimes reporting on updates on his theory but you wo n’t find it in my core arguments on the topic .
But the interesting thing to me is that all the arguments the author makes against Svensmark could equally well apply to anthropogenic greenhouse gas warming theories .
Both have been demonstrated in the laboratory , but it is unclear how either works in the complex climate system .
Both have a few correlations going for it historically , but no smoking gun of causation .
It is interesting the asymmetry of skepticism applied to Svensmark ’s evidence vs. that of CO2 warming .
Claim 5 : Climatologists conspire to hide the truth about global warming by locking away their data .
Their so - called “ consensus ” on global warming is scientifically irrelevant because science is n’t settled by popularity .
* Shrug *
Ad hominem argument , do n’t really care .
I have tried to be careful in all the CRU email flap to be clear that the substantial failures of scientific process do n’t prove or disprove anything – they just mean that the science is not as settled as has been portrayed and that we need more transparency to let the evidence get battle - tested .
I personally think a lot of it will collapse , but we actually have to still disprove it — just because it came from unethical folks does not make it wrong , any more than guys who took money from Exxon 20 years ago are automatically wrong either .
Claim 6 : Climatologists have a vested interest in raising the alarm because it brings them money and prestige .
I actually think the author is naive or disingenuous to try to argue against this .
Twenty years ago , climate science was a backwater with no money and no prestige .
Now governments of the world spend billions , and Presidents know their names .
Just the fact that average people know the names James Hansen and Phil Jones and Michael Mann disproves the authors point .
However , I am more than happy to totally leave this point behind and just forget about it , if I am allowed just one playground rejoinder – you guys started it .
I am wondering why this argument was OK for years when it was skeptics and a few thousands of Exxon ’s money but is now totally irrelevant when the alarmists are getting most of the funding , and the money runs up into the billions .
But , as I said , if we want to declare a truce on ad hominem funding arguments , fine by me .
Claim 7 : Technological fixes , such as inventing energy sources that do n’t produce CO2 or geoengineering the climate , would be more affordable , prudent ways to address climate change than reducing our carbon footprint .
I am not a big fan of geoengineering climate , any more than I am of micromanaging economics .
The same problems apply — where systems are complex and chaotic , the potential for unintended consequences are high .
Here is what he left out
So now its my turn .
I will propose my own seven skeptic ’s claims that are much more at the heart of our argument but which you never , ever see addressed in these type articles .
By the way , if you think I am somehow moving the bar , see my climate speech , published before the Scientic American article , which highlights the claims below .
Or see Richard Lindzen ’s excellent summary article in the WSJ .
Claim A : Nearly every scientist , skeptic and alarmist alike , agree that the first order warming from CO2 is small .
Catastrophic forecasts that demand immediate government action are based on a second theory that the climate temperature system is dominated by positive feedback .
There is little understanding of these feedbacks , at least in their net effect , and no basis for assuming feedbacks in a long - term stable system are strongly net positive .
As a note , the claim is that the net feedbacks are not positive , so demonstration of single one - off positive feedbacks , like ice albedo , are not sufficient to disprove this claim .
In particular , the role of the water cycle and cloud formation are very much in dispute .
Claim B : At no point have climate scientists ever reconciled the claims of the dendroclimatologists like Michael Mann that world temperatures were incredibly stable for thousands of years before man burned fossil fuels with the claim that the climate system is driven by very high net positive feedbacks .
There is nothing in the feedback assumptions that applies uniquely to CO2 forcing , so these feedbacks , if they exist today , should have existed in the past and almost certainly have made temperatures highly variable , if not unstable .
Claim C :
On its face , the climate model assumptions ( including high positive feedbacks ) of substantial warming from small changes in CO2 are inconsistent with relatively modest past warming .
Scientists use what is essentially an arbitrary plug variable to handle this , assuming anthropogenic aerosols have historically masked what would be higher past warming levels .
The arbitrariness of the plug is obvious given that most models include a cooling effect of aerosols in direct proportion to their warming effect from CO2 , two phenomenon that should not be linked in nature , but are linked if modelers are trying to force their climate models to balance .
Further , since aerosols are short lived and only cover about 10 % of the globe ’s surface in any volume , nearly heroic levels of cooling effects must be assumed , since it takes 10C of cooling from the 10 % area of effect to get 1C cooling in the global averages .
Claim D :
The key issue is the effect of CO2 vs. other effects in the complex climate system .
We know CO2 causes some warming in a lab , but how much on the real earth ?
The main evidence climate scientists have is that their climate models are unable to replicate the warming from 1975 - 1998 without the use of man-made CO2 — in other words , they claim their models are unable to replicate the warming with natural factors alone .
But these models are not anywhere near good enough to be relied on for this conclusion , particularly since they admittedly leave out any number of natural factors , such as ocean cycles and longer term cycles like the one that drove the little ice age , and admit to not understanding many others , such as cloud formation .
Claim E :
There are multiple alternate explanations for the 1975 - 1998 warming other than manmade CO2 .
All likely contributed ( along with CO2 ) but it there is no evidence to give most of the blame to Co2 .
Other factors include ocean cycles ( this corresponded to a PDO warm phase ) , the sun ( this corresponded to the most intense period of the sun in the last 100 years ) , mankind ’s land use changes ( driving both urban heating effects as well as rural changes with alterations in land use ) , and a continuing recovery from the Little Ice Age , perhaps the coldest period in the last 5000 years .
Claim F : Climate scientists claim that the .4-.5C warming from 1975 - 1998 cannot have been caused natural variations .
This has never been reconciled with the fact that the 0.6C warming from 1910 to 1940 was almost certainly due mostly to natural forces .
Also , the claim that natural forcings could not have caused a 0.2C per decade warming in the 80’s and 90’s cannot be reconciled with the the current claimed natural “ masking ” of anthropogenic warming that must be on the order of 0.2C per decade .
Claim G : Climate scientists are embarrassing themselves in the use of the word “ climate change . ”
First , the only mechanism ever expressed for CO2 to change climate is via warming .
If there is no warming , then CO2 ca n’t be causing climate change by any mechanism anyone has ever suggested .
So saying that “ climate change is accelerating ” ( just Google it ) when warming has stopped is disingenuous , and a false marketing effort to try to keep the alarm ringing .
Second , the attempts by scientists who should know better to identify weather events at the tails of the normal distribution and claim that these are evidence of a shift in the mean of the distribution is ridiculous .
There are no long term US trends in droughts or wet weather , nor in global cyclonic activity , nor in US tornadoes .
But every drought , hurricane , flood , or tornado is cited as evidence of accelerating climate change ( see my ppt slide deck for the data ) .
This is absurd .
From C - SPAN 's Washington Journal , the Carlson twins ( not really ) Margaret and Tucker showed up to give us some of their Villager insight on the news of the day .
When asked about how people feel about quitter Sarah - Barracuda , Tucker pulled out the tired old McCain campaign rhetoric about how President Obama is " less experienced " than Palin even though he thinks there should be " more respect for the office " than to want to elect either one of them .
Tucker added that he believes Palin is smarter than Al Gore , and just thinks its " weird " that anyone would be terrified of her and afraid that she might actually have a chance of being elected President .
Margaret played nice and just followed up by saying that Sarah did n't strike her as much of a reader .
She reads alright Margaret -- Newsmax and The John Birch Society .
Tucker gave me an excuse to to post this exchange where Jon Stewart treated Carlson with the disdain he deserves for his hackery .
No more bow tie these days , but no less idiotic .
The dollar is in something of a pickle these days .
On one hand , it would benefit greatly if policymakers moved to close the deficit , increase interest rates and eliminate much of the U.S. 's national debt .
On the other hand , the U.S. economy is in no position to stomach any of that in the near future .
In the meantime , it looks as though the dollar is going to suffer from an inevitable decline .
But what if there was some way to ease the market 's fears about its future ?
I began thinking about such a possibility after reading this article from the Wall Street Journal yesterday .
It explains that , if you think the federal deficit looks bad now , then the next decade wo n't make you feel much better , as this chart shows :
So anyone who worries about the dollar is n't going to have his or her fears calmed if we stay on course .
Yet , in this economic climate , that path cannot easily be altered without disastrous consequences .
I think there could be a way out of this catch - 22 that might give the market a better view of the future of the dollar .
What if a constitutional amendment were passed about deficit control and debt elimination , but specified that the plan would not go into effect until after the economy improved ?
Here 's an example .
( The figures below are meant to be theoretical placeholders for the kind of thing I 'd envision , so do n't take the specifics too seriously . )
The following actions will be taken immediately by the U.S. as soon as its economy experiences five straight quarters of growth that each exceed an annualized rate 1.5 % , and the national unemployment rate has fallen below 7 % :
- Budget growth will not exceed the increase in the prior year 's Consumer Price Index .
- Any new spending measures must be budget neutral .
- A Value - Added Tax of 3 % will be imposed on all goods and services to pay down the debt .
These measures will remain in effect until the national debt declines to be less than $ 1 trillion or the U.S. economy experiences a quarterly contraction resulting in GDP growth of less than an annualized rate of 1 % .
They will return if the national debt again ( under the described circumstances ) exceeds $ 1 trillion .
Then there 's the Federal Reserve .
That 's a little harder , since it 's independent .
It would need to develop a strict inflation target , somewhere in the ballpark of 1 % to 2 % .
Again , things could get bad if it attempted to do this right now , but again , it could do so under the same kind of circumstances that the federal government action above takes effect .
The Fed would have to make a strong policy statement as such .
I believe these suggestions would simultaneously allow the economy to continue to heal while preventing the dollar from falling off of a cliff in the months that follow .
Markets need some indication that the U.S. will , at least eventually , have some fiscal responsibility .
Otherwise , they 're right to assume that the dollar is junk .
Is there any chance of Washington taking such action ?
Unfortunately , I doubt it .
Democrats would hate it , because it would constrain their spending .
Republicans would hate it because it would increase taxes .
And " compromise " is n't in the vocabulary of many politicians in Washington , even if there 's a legitimately valuable goal at stake .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
International media releases and press conferences Emissions cut of 40 % below 1990 levels by 2020 needed for industrial countries for 2 degree C limit Tuesday , 15 December 2009 - 1030 UTC / GMT Download :
English : PDF ( 136 KB )
Authors of the landmark 2009 climate report " The Copenhagen Diagnosis " estimate that by 2020 industrial nations must reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by around 40 % below 1990 levels to secure a decent chance of avoiding dangerous human interference with the climate system .
The Copenhagen Diagnosis authors used IPCC Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) projections as well as post - AR4 analysis to estimate that emissions reductions of around 40 % from industrial nations are needed to make it likely to keep global warming below 2°C .
In their report released 25 November of this year , the authors noted that many nations had publically recognized the importance of this 2 °C limit .
Yet the authors said today that this 2 °C warming threshold could be crossed as early as 2040 unless significant mitigation measures were taken urgently .
Since the landmark 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , adopted and ratified by virtually all nations including the US , emissions of carbon dioxide from fossil fuels have risen by more than 40 % , said the authors .
" The UN Framework Convention on Climate Change pledged to avoid dangerous human interference with the climate system .
Yet recent emissions growth sets us on a pathway toward significant climate change , unless deep emission cuts are secured urgently " , said Professor Matthew England , an author of the report .
The Copenhagen Diagnosis , a year in the making , was released worldwide last month .
The report concluded that several important aspects of climate change are already occurring at the high end , or even beyond , the expectations of just a few years ago .
The report found that global ice sheets are melting at an increased rate ; Arctic sea ice is thinning and melting much faster than recently projected , and future sea - level rise is now expected to be much higher than previously forecast .
The report also noted that global warming continues to track early IPCC projections based on greenhouse gas increases .
Without significant mitigation , the report concluded that global mean warming could reach as high as 7 degrees Celsius by 2100 .
The report found that : Both the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets are losing mass and contributing to sea - level rise at an increasing rate .
The area of summer sea ice remaining during 2007 - 2009 was about 40 % less than the average projection from the 2007 IPCC Fourth Assessment Report .
Global sea - level rise may exceed 1 meter by 2100 .
Without significant mitigation , sea - level rise of several meters is to be expected over the next few centuries .
If long - term global warming is to be limited to a maximum of 2°Celsius above preindustrial values , average annual per-capita emissions in industrialized nations will have to be reduced by around 80 - 95 % below 1990 levels by 2050 .
The report concludes that global emissions must peak then decline rapidly within the next five to ten years for the world to have a reasonable chance of avoiding the very worst impacts of climate change .
The full report is available at download.copenhagendiagnosis.org
Other statements by Authors " Science knew already in the 19th Century that greenhouse gases cause global warming – it is standard physics .
The warming was predicted and has been unfolding as predicted for the past decades .
It is hard to grasp that we ’re still talking , instead of cutting our emissions . "
Professor Stefan Rahmstorf , Professor of Physics of the Oceans and a Department Head at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany .
" Carbon dioxide emissions cannot be allowed to continue to rise if humanity intends to limit the risk of unacceptable climate change .
The task is urgent and the turning point must come soon .
If we are to avoid more than 2 degrees Celsius warming , which many countries have already accepted as a goal , then emissions need to peak before 2020 and then decline rapidly . "
Professor Richard Somerville , Scripps Institution of Oceanography , University of California , San Diego , USA .
" There are known feedbacks in the carbon cycle that are not yet quantified , but that could add extra warming .
We need some leverage for surprises , 50 % probability to stay under 2 °C is not enough for a decent chance of success . "
Professor Corinne Le Quéré , Professor of Environmental Science at the University of East Anglia , and researcher at the British Antarctic Survey , UK .
For more information contact :
Alvin Stone +61 2 9385 8953 or alvin.stone@unsw.edu.au
Richard Somerville +1 619 977 2713 ( mobile ) or rsomerville@ucsd.edu
Corinne Le Quéré +44 789 0556096 ( mobile ) or c.lequere@uea.ac.uk
PIK Press Office +49 331 288 25 07 or press@pik-potsdam.de
Climate change accelerating beyond expectations , urgent emissions reductions required , say leading scientists Tuesday , 24 November 2009 - 1500 UTC / GMT Download :
English : PDF ( 90 KB ) - Deutsch ( German ) : PDF ( 92 KB ) -
Français ( French ) : PDF ( 83 KB )
Global ice - sheets are melting at an increased rate ; Arctic sea-ice is disappearing much faster than recently projected , and future sea - level rise is now expected to be much higher than previously forecast , according to a new global scientific synthesis prepared by some of the world ’s top climate scientists .
In a special report called ‘ The Copenhagen Diagnosis ’ , the 26 researchers , most of whom are authors of published IPCC reports , conclude that several important aspects of climate change are occurring at the high end or even beyond the expectations of only a few years ago .
The report also notes that global warming continues to track early IPCC projections based on greenhouse gas increases .
Without significant mitigation , the report says global mean warming could reach as high as 7 degrees Celsius by 2100 .
The Copenhagen Diagnosis , which was a year in the making , documents the key findings in climate change science since the publication of the landmark Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) Fourth Assessment Report in 2007 .
The new evidence to have emerged includes : Satellite and direct measurements now demonstrate that both the Greenland and Antarctic ice - sheets are losing mass and contributing to sea level rise at an increasing rate .
Arctic sea-ice has melted far beyond the expectations of climate models .
For example , the area of summer sea-ice melt during 2007 - 2009 was about 40 % greater than the average projection from the 2007 IPCC Fourth Assessment Report .
Sea level has risen more than 5 centimeters over the past 15 years , about 80 % higher than IPCC projections from 2001 .
Accounting for ice - sheets and glaciers , global sea - level rise may exceed 1 meter by 2100 , with a rise of up to 2 meters considered an upper limit by this time .
This is much higher than previously projected by the IPCC .
Furthermore , beyond 2100 , sea level rise of several meters must be expected over the next few centuries .
In 2008 carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels were ~ 40 % higher than those in 1990 .
Even if emissions do not grow beyond today ’s levels , within just 20 years the world will have used up the allowable emissions to have a reasonable chance of limiting warming to less than 2 degrees Celsius .
The report concludes that global emissions must peak then decline rapidly within the next five to ten years for the world to have a reasonable chance of avoiding the very worst impacts of climate change .
To stabilize climate , global emissions of carbon dioxide and other long - lived greenhouse gases need to reach near - zero well within this century , the report states .
The full report is available at download.copenhagendiagnosis.org
Statements by Authors " Sea level is rising much faster and Arctic sea ice cover shrinking more rapidly than we previously expected .
Unfortunately , the data now show us that we have underesti­mated the climate crisis in the past . "
Professor Stefan Rahmstorf , Professor of Physics of the Oceans and a Department Head at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany .
" Carbon dioxide emissions cannot be allowed to continue to rise if humanity intends to limit the risk of unacceptable climate change .
The task is urgent and the turning point must come soon .
If we are to avoid more than 2 degrees Celsius warming , which many countries have already accepted as a goal , then emissions need to peak before 2020 and then decline rapidly . "
Professor Richard Somerville , Scripps Institution of Oceanography , University of California , San Diego , USA .
" We have already almost exceeded the safe level of emissions that would ensure a reasonably secure climate future .
Within just a decade global emissions need to be declining rapidly .
A binding treaty is needed urgently to ensure unilateral action among the high emitters . "
Professor Matthew England , ARC Federation Fellow and joint Director of the Climate Change Research Centre of the University of NSW , Australia .
" This is a final scientific call for the climate negotiators from 192 countries who must embark on the climate protection train in Copenhagen .
They need to know the stark truth about global warming and the unprecedented risks involved . "
Professor Hans Joachim Schellnhuber , Director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research ( PIK ) and Chair of the German Advisory Council on Global Change ( WBGU ) .
" The adjustment of glaciers to present climate alone is expected to raise sea level by approximately 18 centimeters .
Under warming conditions glaciers may contribute as much as more than half a meter by 2100 . ”
Dr. Georg Kaser , Glaciologist at the University of Innsbruck , Austria .
“ Warming of the oceans and increased uptake of CO 2 is of increasing concern for the marine environment .
The loss of biodiversity due to upper ocean warming , ocean acidification and ocean de-oxygenation will add dramatically to the existing threads of overfishing and marine pollution " .
Professor Martin Visbeck , Professor of Physical Oceanography and Deputy Director of IFM - GEOMAR .
" The climate system does not provide us with a silver bullet .
There is no escape but to start reducing greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible . "
Professor Nicolas Gruber , Professor for Environmental Physics , ETH Zürich .
" Climate change is coming out even clearer and more rapidly in the recent data .
The human contribution is not in doubt . "
Professor Corinne Le Quéré , University of East Anglia School of Environmental Sciences , UK " Climate change is accelerating towards the tipping points for polar ice sheets .
That 's why we 're now projecting future sea level rise in metres rather than centimeters . "
Professor Tim Lenton , University of East Anglia School of Environmental Sciences , UK " Reducing tropical deforestation could prevent up to a fifth of human CO 2 emissions , slowing climate change and helping to maintain some of the planet 's most important hotspots of biodiversity . "
Professor Peter Cox , Climate System Dynamics at the University of Exeter , UK " New ice - core records confirm the importance of greenhouse gasses for past temperatures on Earth , and show that CO 2 levels are higher now than they have ever been during the last 800,000 years .
The last time Earth experienced CO 2 levels this high was millions of years ago . "
Professor Jane Francis , University of Leeds , UK " The reconstruction of past climate reveals that recent warming in the Arctic and in the Northern Hemisphere is highly inconsistent with natural climate variability over the last 2000 years . "
Dr Alan Haywood , Reader in Paleoclimatology , the University of Leeds , UK For more information contact : Asia & Australia Climate Change Research Centre ( CCRC ) , University of New South Wales : ccrc@unsw.edu.au North America Mario Aguilera : scrippsnews@ucsd.edu
Richard Somerville : rsomerville@ucsd.edu
Andrew Weaver : weaver@uvic.ca Europe PIK Press Office : press@pik-potsdam.de
The Copenhagen Diagnosis , 2009 : Updating the World on the Latest Climate Science .
I. Allison , N.L. Bindoff , R.A. Bindschadler , P.M. Cox , N. de Noblet , M.H. England , J.E. Francis , N. Gruber , A.M. Haywood , D.J. Karoly , G. Kaser , C. Le Quéré , T.M. Lenton , M.E. Mann , B.I. McNeil , A.J. Pitman , S. Rahmstorf , E. Rignot , H.J. Schellnhuber , S.H. Schneider , S.C. Sherwood , R.C.J. Somerville , K. Steffen , E.J. Steig , M. Visbeck , A.J. Weaver .
University of New South Wales Climate Change Research Centre ( CCRC ) , Sydney , Australia , 60 pp .
Press conferences Copenhagen " Asger Jorn " Room , Hall H , Bella Centre .
Tuesday 15 December , 11:30 am CET ( 10:30 am UTC ) Materials
Presentation PDF 2.35 MB
- Webcast
“ Creative Footprint ” encompasses a series of dialogues with creative people and like - minded art enthusiasts exploring and examining the ways in which we leave our mark on culture and community .
Created by Marc Dennis , artist and professor at Elmira College , “ Creative Footprint ” is designed to facilitate connections , offer insight , create possibilities , and generate tangible networks for regional artists , craftspeople , gallerists , curators , writers , poets , performers , educators , institutions , collectors , musicians , and basically anyone interested in the creative process , encouraging a greater sense of community and appreciation of our upstate region .
My guest : Tedd Arnold
Profession : Children 's book author and illustrator
Residence : Elmira , NY
Education / Training : BFA , University of Florida , Gainesville , FL
Visit Tedd 's website here
Q : ( Marc ) : Hi Tedd , thanks a lot for taking the time to participate in my project .
Let me start off with some basic stuff -- where were you born , where did you grow up and why did you decide to stay in upstate New York ?
A : ( Tedd ) : I was born in Elmira , NY .
As I entered 6th grade , my father lost his job .
We moved to Florida where I lived for 25 years .
A job opportunity in New York City brought me back north with my wife Carol and our two sons in 1984 .
After two years in NYC we moved to Elmira .
Compared to our residence in Yonkers , NY , Elmira is family - friendly , affordable and offered good neighborhood schools for our boys .
Affordability was important because I was transitioning from employment to self - employment at that time .
My publishing career had just begun .
I brought a handful of contracts to Elmira , set up a studio in the parlor and completed work on my first book , “ No Jumping on the Bed , ” which was published in 1987 .
Q : Many know you to be a very successful children 's book writer and illustrator , I 've been fortunate enough though to see some of your other artwork such as your paintings and drawings that many people are likely not aware of .
My question with regards to your paintings , is how do they fit into your overall game plan as an artist ?
Do you need to make paintings ?
Did you train as a painter and then became an illustrator ?
How do they differ from your illustrations ?
Please explain .
My BFA from the University of Florida involved a studio major in printmaking , specifically etched plate .
I painted throughout college and after .
When it came time , sadly , to earn a living , I was initially conflicted about becoming an illustrator for hire .
The in - the - clouds world of art school had engendered an attitude that commercial art was distasteful .
That was the 70s !
Nevertheless , the demand for food on the table was strong .
I took work as a textbook illustrator , then as an advertising graphic designer and illustrator .
Meanwhile , I continued painting for myself and working with a group of artists on conceptual art shows and events .
My wife , Carol , had been a Kindergarten teacher and the books she was reading in her classroom eventually inspired me to spend most of my free time creating children 's book ideas and illustrations .
Gradually , I ceased my post collegiate art efforts to devote all my energies to children 's books .
During six years of gathering rejections from editors , a job as book designer for a publisher took our growing family to New York City .
Our two - year stay in the city created the opportunity to seek out a literary agent .
I soon obtained my first book contracts .
The painter in me took an ever more distant back seat as my book career took off and our children took over my life .
But I never had cause to say never again .
After 15 years of publishing I had accomplished more than my modest dreams had hoped for -- and our kids were on their way out the door .
I once again took up brush and canvas in my free time .
Truthfully , I also credit President George W. Bush and his war in Iraq for stirring up some radical feelings similar to those I held back during the Vietnam War .
My renewed interest in painting quickly developed a dark if not overtly political edge .
It surprised many friends who knew only my children 's book work .
But I like to point out that my children 's book work also surprised many of my old friends who once knew only my painted and conceptual work from the 70s .
I feel no conflict as an artist .
I am working within a personal continuum .
I communicate stories and ideas with words and pictures .
Like all artists , like every living person , I strive to define myself daily and I am in no way troubled by entertaining more than one definition .
In children 's book parlance , that 's just part of being a grown - up .
I applied the one - line patch to my just installed Rails 2.3.5 - but it does not help .
Well , it does help with one issue : I no longer get an error when a partial is to be rendered .
Instead I now get an error later , where I call a helper function in the view which < %= some_function ( ) %> which returns some HTML .
" incompatible character encodings : UTF - 8 and ASCII - 8BIT " once more .
Given these issues , how can ANYONE be using ruby 1.9.1 at this point ?
Or are those who are able to use it using ASCII as default encoding for all files ?
I ( most certainly ! ) use UTF - 8 , as it should be in this world .
The ASCII - 60s and 70s and maybe 80s are long over ...
I 'm not ( usually ) concerned with the inner workings of ruby and rails , just use it ( even though I consider myself " hard - core " in other fields I do n't want to become an expert with everything ) .
What I find disturbing is that I find no guidelines on Rails and Ruby 1.9.1 .
I just assumed it should be working by now , since I read a lot of " fixed ruby 1.9 compatibility issues " in Rails and Passenger .
Does ( all of ) this discussion mean it is n't so , it 's still experimental ?
I cannot imagine my application is very special .
ctype performance benchmark
I have done some performance benchmarking for Python 's ctypes library .
I am planning to use ctypes as an alternative to writing C extension module for performance enhancement .
Therefore my use case is slight different from the typical use case for accessing existing third party C libraries .
In this case I am both the user and the implementer of the C library .
In order to determine what is the right granularity for context switching between Python and C , I have done some benchmarking .
I mainly want to measure the function call overhead .
So the test functions are trivial function like returning the first character of a string .
I compare a pure Python function versus C module function versus ctypes function .
The tests are ran under Python 2.6 on Windows XP with Intel 2.33 Ghz Core Duo .
First of all I want to compare the function to get the first character of a string .
The most basic case is to reference it as the 0th element of a sequence without calling any function .
The produce the fastest result at 0.0659 usec per loop .
$ timeit " ' abc ' [ 0 ] " 10000000 loops , best of 3 : 0.0659 usec per loop
As soon as I build a function around it , the cost goes up substantially .
Both pure Python and C extension method shows similar performance at around 0.5 usec.
ctypes function takes about 2.5 times as long at 1.37 usec .
$ timeit -s " f=lambda s : s [ 0 ] " " f( ' abc ' ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 0.506 usec per loop $ timeit -s " import mylib " " mylib.py_first ( ' abc ' ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 0.545 usec per loop $ timeit -s " import ctypes ; dll = ctypes.CDLL ('mylib.pyd ' ) " " dll.first ( ' abc ' ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 1.37 usec per loop
I repeated the test with a long string ( 1MB ) .
There are not much difference in performance .
So I can be quite confident that the parameter is passed by reference ( of the internal buffer ) .
$ timeit -s " f=lambda s : s [0 ] ; lstr= ' abcde ' * 200000 " " f( lstr ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 0.465 usec per loop $ timeit -s " import mylib ; lstr='abcde ' * 200000 " " mylib.py_first( lstr ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 0.539 usec per loop $ timeit -s " import ctypes ; dll = ctypes.CDLL ('mylib.pyd ' ) " -s " lstr='abcde ' * 200000 " " dll.first ( lstr ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 1.4 usec per loop
Next I have make some attempts to speed up ctypes performance .
A measurable improvement can be attained by eliminating the attribute look up for the function .
Curiously this shows no improvement in the similar case for C extension .
$ timeit -s " import ctypes ; dll = ctypes.CDLL ('mylib.pyd ' ) ; -s " f=dll.first " " f( ' abcde ' ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 1.18 usec per loop
Secondary I have tried to specify the ctypes function prototype .
This actually decrease the performance significantly .
$ timeit -s " import ctypes ; dll = ctypes.CDLL ('mylib.pyd ' ) " -s " f=dll.first " -s " f.argtypes=[ctypes.c_char_p ] " -s " f.restype=ctypes.c_int " " f( ' abcde ' ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 1.57 usec per loop
Finally I have tested passing multiple parameters into the function .
One of the parameter is passed by reference in order to return a value .
Performance decrease as the number of parameter increase .
$ timeit -s " charAt = lambda s , size , pos : s[pos ] " -s " s=' this is a test ' " " charAt ( s , len(s ) , 1 ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 0.758 usec per loop $ timeit -s " import mylib ; s=' this is a test ' " " mylib.py_charAt(s , len(s ) , 1 ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 0.929 usec per loop $ timeit -s " import ctypes " -s " dll = ctypes.CDLL('mylib.pyd ' ) " -s " s= ' this is a test ' " -s " ch = ctypes.c_char ( ) " " dll.charAt(s , len(s ) , 1 , ctypes.byref( ch ) ) " 100000 loops , best of 3 : 2.5 usec per loop
One style of coding that improve the performance somewhat is to build a C struct to hold all the parameters .
$ timeit -s " from test_mylib import dll , charAt_param " -s " s='this is a test ' " -s " obj = charAt_param ( s=s , size=len (s ) , pos=3 , ch= ' ' ) " " dll.charAt_struct ( obj ) " 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 1.71 usec per loop
This may work because most of the fields in the charAt_param struct are invariant in the loop .
Having them in the same struct object save them from getting rebuilt each time .
My overall observation is that ctypes function has an overhead that is 2 to 3 times to a similar C extension function .
This may become a limiting factor if the function calls are fine grained .
Using ctypes for performance enhancement is a lot more productive if the interface can be made to medium or coarse grained .
A snapshot of the source code used for testing is available for download .
This is also useful if you want a boiler plate for building your own ctypes library .
BOGOTA , Colombia –
In a clever TV spot from the 1980s , a waiter on the Orient Express runs out of coffee .
Horrified , he pulls the emergency brake and the train backtracks to Paris to stock up on Colombian coffee .
The ad helped introduce the world to Juan Valdez and to cement Colombia ’s image as a coffee - lover ’s paradise .
The country ’s hand - picked beans have made Colombia the world ’s No. 3 coffee exporter after Brazil and Vietnam .
So why , then , is it so hard to find a decent cup of coffee in Colombia ?
During a recent visit to the Colombian city of Popayan , the well - known French chef Bertrand Esnault complained the coffee served at his hotel tasted like dirty water .
“ We are a coffee - producing country , ” said Wbeimar Lasso , who was recently named Colombia ’s champion coffee taster .
“ But we have yet to generate a culture of coffee consumption which is why the quality of the coffee we drink is so bad . ”
Wbeimar spoke by telephone from the southern city of Pasto where he was attending a seminar .
“ We ’re in one of the best hotels in Pasto , ” he said .
“ And at the intermission , we were served horrible coffee . ”
Colombians , who simply do n’t drink that much coffee , have yet to become addicted to fancy preparations , like cappuccino or iced latte .
Americans and Europeans drink two to three times more coffee than Colombians .
Here , the per capita annual consumption is only about 1.8 kilograms .
It 's 12 kilograms in Finland , the country that tops the list of per capita coffee consumption .
Instead of coffee for breakfast , many Colombians prefer hot chocolate , juices from an amazing variety of fruits , or a beverage made with a brown - sugar - like substance called panela .
And when they do opt for coffee , they often settle for less .
Most of the best coffee is exported .
And though high - quality coffee is available in stores , most Colombians can only afford the cheap stuff .
Lasso said that some of the beans that go into low - quality supermarket blends should be used for compost , not coffee .
Rather than espresso machines , coffee vendors often use 50 - cup urns with cloth filters , which are supposed to be replaced on a regular basis .
But the filters are often used and reused for months , which taints the final product .
And if the coffee is not sold immediately , it sits in the hot urn until it 's reduced to a bitter sludge .
“ It boils and boils and boils , ” said Ligia Mora , who runs a coffee stand in north Bogota .
“ If you drink it , you ’ll die of a stomach ache . ”
Even going directly to the source can backfire .
Lasso , the coffee taster , spends much of his time visiting coffee farms .
But thanks to the watery beverage farmers offer , he now travels with his own French press and a personal supply of beans .
In many rural areas , coffee is automatically mixed with panela .
The end result is OK — if you take your coffee cotton - candy sweet .
“ I was talking about this phenomenon with my friends , ” said Brett Anderson , the restaurant critic for the New Orleans Times - Picayune who recently spent 10 days in the Colombian outback .
“ The coffee sucked . ”
Of course , bad coffee is available everywhere .
Anderson was also disappointed with Cuban coffee during a recent trip to Havana .
But the savvy marketing campaign , including those Orient Express ads , led people to expect more from Colombia .
To develop a new generation of connoisseurs , the Colombian Coffee Federation , an industry group , has turned to an old friend — the mythical Juan Valdez .
A chain of Juan Valdez cafes , which are Starbucks - like stores founded by the federation , now serve Starbucks - strength espresso , latte and cold coffee drinks .
Over the past seven years , 120 Juan Valdez cafes have sprung up in Colombia .
Their focus is on younger consumers .
“ People are starting to get familiar with drinks like espresso , which is relatively a new drink in Colombia , ” said Marcela Jaramillo , a Juan Valdez spokeswoman .
The stores hold workshops for hotel and restaurant workers to teach them how to prepare coffee .
Meanwhile the coffee federation sponsors a competition to name the country ’s top barista .
The winner will compete in London at the 2010 World Barista Championship , which is nearly always won by Americans or Europeans .
Still , the campaign for good coffee has stalled at the city limits .
Nearly all of the Juan Valdez coffee houses are located in upscale neighborhoods of Bogota and other cities .
Jaramillo admits the fine art of making frappuccino or a double - shot mocha has yet to take hold in the hinterlands .
“ You have to teach people slowly and try to introduce them to new ways of drinking coffee , ” she said .
“ It ’s going to happen .
But I think it will take some time . ”
First , he said he found Saddam 's WMD bunkers .
Then , he claimed that the U.S. military was zapping animals to death with real - life ray guns .
Now , full - time kook and former Air Force Office of Special Investigations agent Dave Gaubatz is calling for a " professional and legal backlash against the Muslim community and their leaders , " following the Ft. Hood massacre .
Which plays right into the hands of America 's opponents .
For years , Gaubatz has warned that Muslims in this country form a kind of Fifth Column – and that President Barack Obama is part of this seditious group .
( He 's also called Obama a " self admitted ' crack - head . ' " )
Gaubatz 's book detailing these claims recently became an Amazon bestseller , its conclusions endorsed by a handful of Republican Congressmen .
When Maj. Nidal Hasan – a Muslim - American with links to religious radicals – killed 13 at Ft. Hood last week , Gaubatz renewed his call for a purge within the U.S. Islamic community :
Muslims know what materials are being taught in their mosques and they know many of the materials instruct young Muslims to kill innocent people who do not adhere to Sharia law .
If Muslims do not want a backlash , then I would recommend a “ house cleaning . ”
Stack every Saudi , al Qaeda , Pakistani , Taliban , Hamas , and Muslim Brotherhood piece of material from their mosque and have a bonfire .
Tell the American , Jewish , and Muslim community this hatred will no longer be allowed in their mosques .
The fevered language should n't a surprise .
Gaubatz continued to peddle claims that Saddam 's chemical and biological arms had been shipped to Syria – long after such conspiracy theories were dismissed as bogus .
His accusation that the U.S. military has a killer ray gun , disguised as a non-lethal weapon has gone uncorroborated .
And the man has a long - standing and large problem with Muslims on American soil .
He 's connected to a group , Society of Americans for National Existence , which calls for the United States " to develop the notion and legal infrastructure to restrict non-Western and non-Christian immigration so that alien cultures and peoples should never come to threaten the national character of this nation . "
Other extremists are going even further than Gaubatz , demanding a " stop [ to ] the practice of allowing Muslims to serve in the U.S. military . "
Of course , most U.S. Muslims do n't shoot up their fellow soldiers .
Fine ...
You invent a jihadi - detector that works every time it 's used , and we 'll welcome you back with open arms .
Ironically , Hasan , the Ft. Hood shooter , made a similar argument in a 2007 presentation .
In order to avoid " adverse events , " like Muslim troops deserting or turning on their fellow serrvicemembers , Hasan recommended giving " Muslim soldiers the option of being released as ' conscientious objectors . ' "
The U.S. military 's failure to understand the cultural and religious landscapes in Iraq and Afghanistan directly contributed to setbacks in those war efforts , top generals say .
You can't conduct a proper counterinsurgency if you do n't understand how the society you 're trying to protect .
Purge the American armed forces of its Muslims , and that cultural isolation becomes only more acute .
Hard - to - win campaigns become almost impossible .
It kind of makes you wonder who the real Fifth Columnists are around here .
[ Photo : Dave Gaubatz.org ]
One thing everyone must have noticed about the Nintendo Wii’s “ Wiimote ” controller , was that there are literally hundreds of attachments available for it .
Sony seems to be following suit with their upcoming motion controller and have patented an “ Expandable Control Device Via Hardware Attachment ” which basically covers many different attachment options for PS3 motion controller .
The patent references simple attachments such as faceplates or a connector which attaches two of the motion controllers , as well as detailing more compelling concepts such as a flashlight and microphone attachment .
While this is only a patent , and many patents do n’t ever see an actual product release , with the widespread acceptance of these motion controller attachments for the Nintendo Wii , it ’s safe bet that some sort of attachment will be released for the PS3 motion controller which is due spring of 2010 .
[ Source / Via ]
OllyDbg 2.01
Help on 77 pages .
Please read it first - most of new features are described there
Multilanguage GUI ( experimental , as yet no translation files - please do it by yourself )
Support for AVS instuctions ( as yet no AVS2 and high 16 bytes of YMM registers are not displayed )
Call stack window ( similar to the version 1.10 )
Handles window ( similar to the version 1.10 )
SEH and VEH chains .
To decode addresses of VEH handlers , OllyDbg hacks NTDLL.RtlAddVectoredExceptionHandler( ) , therefore process must be started from the OllyDbg
, therefore process must be started from the OllyDbg Multibyte character dumps
.udl image libraries , replace scan of object files from v1.10
Search for integers and floats in dump
Search for procedures ( entry points )
Limited support for NTFS streams
Drive dump
Software breakpoints that use INT1 , HLT , CLI , STI or INSB instead of INT3
Multiple watches in one line , support for repeat count
Dump of arrays of structures
Micro-analysers
Accelerated search
Assembling of immediate data statements ( DB xx etc . )
Highlighting in run trace
Up to 2 ordinals per address
Limited support for Win95 via Microsoft Layer for UNICODE
More tricky code sequences
Show free memory , or was it the previous version ?
Multiple bugfixes
traceapi.dll
problem
GlobalAlloc ()
KERNEL32.UnhandledExceptionFilter ( )
NTDLL.KiUserExceptionDispatcher ( )
NTDLL.ZwContinue ()
NTDLL.NtQueryInformationProcess ()
NTDLL.ZwContinue ()
ZwContinue ( )
NtQueryInformationProcess ( )
notadebugger.exe
ollydbg.exe
GetProcAddress ()
ollydbg.exe
notadebugger.exe
August 30 , 2012 - major update for plugin authors .
Bookmark plugin , August 30 , 2012 - major update for plugin authors .
OllyDbg
__cdecl
__stdcall
_ Disasm@32
_ Disasm
Disasm
OllyBugs
If you need some API function or family that is not yet documented , drop me a mail and I 'll try to describe it ASAP .
August 18 , 2012 - OllyDbg 2.01 beta 2 . OllyDbg ( already updated ) , Bookmarks plugin , test application
August 18 , 2012 - OllyDbg 2.01 beta 2 . OllyDbg ( already updated ) , Bookmarks plugin , preliminary plugin API
MOV SS , anything
PUSHF
JE
JZ
Update :
No , I have n't removed all bugs at the first try .
I have kept some information about menu items directly in the menu , using dwItemData in MENUITEMINFO .
It seems that Windows also uses this item !
Now I have moved pointers to data to another location .
fully documented
You may already start writing your plugins .
If you need some API function or family that is not yet documented , drop me a mail and I 'll try to describe it ASAP .
Start thread - start new thread that increases counter each 100 milliseconds ;
Suspend last - suspends last created thread .
There is no corresponding " Resume " button , use OllyDbg ;
New process - starts new instance of itself ;
New suspended - starts new instance of itself in suspended state ;
FatalExit( ) - calls FatalExit( ) , what else ?
Current Dir - displays current directory ;
Load ws 2_32 - loads ws 2_32.dll ( must be present on all systems ) ;
Unload ws2_32 - unloads ws2_32.dll ;
Set filter - calls SetUnhandledExceptionFilter ( ) .
The handler only displays the error .
Note : it wo n't work on stack overflow ;
Sedt VEH - calls AddVectoredExceptionHandler ( ) , same note as above ;
Read [ 00000000 ] - attempts to read memory at zero address ;
0 : 0 - integer division by zero ;
INT3 - executes INT3 ;
INT ff - executes INT FF ;
JMP 123456 - jumps to ( most probably ) non-existing memory ;
Stack overflow - calls function that recursively calls itself ;
1.0 : 0.0 - floating - point division by zero .
Note where this exception is reported !
Set Trap - sets bit T ( single - step trap ) ;
POP SS / PUSHF - executes POP SS , PUSHF , POP EAX and displays the contents of EAX ( and especially bit T ) ;
MOV SS / PUSHF - executes MOV AX ,SS ; MOV SS , AX , PUSHF , POP EAX and displays the contents of EAX ( and especially bit T ) ;
INT 2D - executes INT 2D , has special meaning under Windows ;
String A - executes OutputDebugStringA( ) ( ASCII version ) ;
String W - executes OutputDebugStringW( ) ( UNICODE version ) ;
ZwAlloc( 0 ) - allocates memory block at address 00000000 .
Try Read [ 00000000 ] afterwards and be astonished !
plugin.h
bookmark .
c
April 11 , 2011 - OllyDbg 2.01 alpha 3 .
April 11 , 2011 - OllyDbg 2.01 alpha 3 . Here it is !
Debugging | Use HW breakpoints for stepping
DWORD ==" text "
Appearance | ASCII code page
February 20 , 2011 - OllyDbg 2.01 alpha 2 .
February 20 , 2011 - OllyDbg 2.01 alpha 2 .
Here it is !
this version is compatible with Windows 7
February 08 , 2011 - Thank you for your help !
I 'm sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be delivered to one or more recipients .
It 's attached below .
Diagnostic - Code : smtp ; 550- 5.7.1 { mx051}
The recipient does not accept mails
from ' t - online.de ' over foreign mailservers 550 5.7.1 ( http://portal.gmx.net/serverrules ) ( in reply to RCPT TO
command )
February 06 , 2011 - A desperate call for help !
" a logical extension of ICorDebugProcess Interface "
- Given ICorDebugProcess , how can I call ICorDebugProcess2 methods in Borland ?
- Given running .NET application , is there a way to get correspondence between CIL code and compiled native code directly , without ICorDebug xxx ?
ollydbg@t-online.de
November 20 , 2010 - OllyDbg 2.01 intermediate alpha .
November 20 , 2010 - OllyDbg 2.01 intermediate alpha .
Here it is .
dbghelp.dll
dbghelp
AND IT IS STILL NOT FIT FOR WINDOWS 64 !!!
Last update : June 04 , 2010 - final release ( corrected ) .
Tittan
Jack
prn
William
PUSH AH
mailnew2ster
Ange
Eric , deepzero
karmany
John
Aaron
Ivar
Rinze
ESP
NCR
numax
locklose
edemko
LOOPZ
LOOPNZ
Without your help , OllyDbg 2.0 would not exist .
Thank you very much !
Last update : December 03 , 2009
Please read it carefully before complaining :
1. OllyDbg 2.0 is rewritten from scratch .
2 . No , plugins are not yet implemented .
3 . Yes , they will be implemented again - presumably in v2.02 .
odbg200j
odbg200h
December 3 , 2009
The last beta , with rudimentary help ( and I hope to improve it in the release ) .
The only really new feature ( commented out in the second beta ) is debugging of child processes .
Other modifications are evolutional : much more stable ( and tricky ) debugging engine , more known functions , more or less consistent support for UNICODE and UTF8 in dialogs and comments , many bugfixes .
Please check this version thoroughly and do n't forget to report all errors , including grammatical .
The release will follow soon !
March 28 , 2009
The second beta .
I 've planned that it will come with the more or less complete help file .
Unfortunately , I had no time to write it .
Therefore there will be also the third beta release ... soon .
There are many - over 20 - bugfixes in the beta 2 , some of them are really critical .
As promised , there are no significant changes , with two exceptions .
The recognition of UNICODE strings is vastly improved , they are no longer limited to ASCII subset ( option " Use IsTextUnicode ( ) " .
Also I recognize strings in the UTF - 8 format .
By the way , if you have some small sample program with the free source that uses UTF - 8 strings , please send it to me ( together with the screenshot of displayed strings ) so that I will be able to test OllyDbg .
The second new feature is in the run trace .
New option " Pause when EIP points to modified command " helps , for example , to find the real entry point of the SFX - ed code .
Just do n't forget to create backup first ( or use another new option , Auto backup user code )!
December 23 , 2008
The first beta release .
" Beta " means that there will be no significant changes till the final v2.00 .
Now it supports memory and hardware breakpoints .
They are fully conditional , and the number of memory breakpoints is unlimited .
Fast command emulation takes memory breakpoints into account .
In fact , run trace may be much faster than the full - speed run if the number of false access violations is high .
Active hardware breakpoints turn emulation off , but this may change in the future .
SSE registers are fully supported .
Olly Dbg understands all command set extentions up to SSE4 .
AMD 's SSE5 is not supported , but as far as I know , there are no SSE5 - capable processors yet .
Help on command covers all FPU commands .
Help on some registers and bits is also available .
Autoupdate of dump windows may also be useful .
August 21 , 2008
Big update .
Powerful run trace , profiling , analysis , many small improvements and multiple bugfixes .
Support for AT&T syntax is experimental and limited to disassembler .
If you find any errors , please let me know !
May 24 , 2008
Internal emulation of simple commands ( Options | Run trace |Allow fast command emulation ) has made run and hit trace 15 ( fifteen ! ) times faster .
On my Athlon 4000 + , standard run trace executes 35000 commands per second .
With the emulation on , OllyDbg traces 500000 commands !
For simple programs , this may be close to the real - time execution - in the step - by - step mode , with the full protocolling .
Emulation covers only the small subset of 80x86 commands - moves , PUSH / POP , arithmetical and boolean operations , comparisons , shifts , jumps , calls , returns and LEA s.
No multiplications , prefixes , loops or string operations , no FPU or MMX ; still , OllyDbg passes to the application less than two percents of commands .
Frequently one uses run trace together with the run trace condition , like : " stop trace when EAX==0x123456 " .
Up to now , the inetrpreter parsed conditional expression on each step .
However , this was too slow for the accelerated trace .
Now I compile expressions to the simple pseudocode and use a very quick interpreter to estimate the condition .
As a result , the above comparison is processed in only 130 nanoseconds .
Not bad !
Oh yes , and command help now includes the string commands , too .
May 8 , 2008
Improved and bug - fixed debugging engine .
Help on all 8086 commands , except for string manipulations .
April 19 , 2008
Pre-alpha 5 : hit trace !
Maybe you have tried to use hit trace in the version 1.10 , only to discover that it does n't work with non-trivial programs .
Hit trace in version 2 is different : instead of replacing all recognized commands with INT3 , I set breakpoints dynamically on all non-processed branches .
It seems that 20 - 30 thousand breakpoints is not a problem for the new debugger .
Also in this release : just - in - time debugging , command line , several bugfixes .
Help on command is ready for all non-SSE / non - FPU commands till LEA .
March 11 , 2008
Pre-alpha 4 : name lists , search for text strings , floating - point constants and intermodular calls , run trace conditions , syntax highlighting ( but default colours are not yet set ) , pause on thread , names of the arguments on the stack etc .
The analysis of large modules is much faster now .
December 25 , 2007
Pre-alpha 3 : many different features like attaching to running process , detaching , run trace ( as yet without fast stepping ) , real - time stack analysis , recognition of TLS callbacks , guarded memory , intermodular calls etc .
Look at the comment column in the list of calls - you will enjoy it !
October 20 , 2007
Removed 5 bugs ; strongly improved functionality of existing windows ; reduced number of false switches
October 09 , 2007
First buggy pre-alpha code
October 11 , 2007 - First bug reports
Thank you !
And - thank you again !
Please keep it this way !
October 09 , 2007 - Pre-alpha version
download this
errorlog.txt
July 08 , 2007 - UDD files
June 03 , 2007 - Development continues
int main ( )
{
MessageBox ( NULL , " I'm a little , little code in a big , big world ... Hello , world ! " ,
" Hello , world " , MB_OK ) ;
return 0 ;
}
h Owner
Text
Caption
Type
May 18 , 2007 - Happy birthday , Version 2 ?
precompiled table of known functions as resource ;
recognition of functions that play with return address on the stack ( like allocation of huge local data ) - important , because a lot of sensible analysis depends on it ;
comment operands of assembler commands - currently it 's just a stub without intellect ;
save data to .udd file ;
on - line analysis of stack data ;
copy modifications to executable file ;
April 17 , 2007 - Command search .
XOR EAX,EAX
MOV EAX , [ EBX ]
sixteen
8B03 - the simplest form
8B43 00 - form without SIB with 1 - byte zero displacement
8B83 00000000 - form without SIB with 4 - byte displacement
8B0423 - form with SIB byte without scaled index
8B0463 - same
8B04A3 - same
8B04E3 - same
8B4423 00 -
SIB byte , 1 - byte displacement , no index
8B4463 00 - same
8B44A3 00 - same
8B44E3 00 - same
8B8423 00000000 - SIB byte , 4 - byte displacement , no index
8B8463 00000000 - same
8B84A3 00000000 - same
8B84E3 00000000 - same
8B041D 00000000 - SIB byte , 4 - byte displacement , scale 1 , no base
R8 - any 8 - bit register
R16 - any 16 - bit register
R32 - any 32 - bit register
REG - any general register ( size is not important , assumed R32 in address )
RA , RB - semi - defined 32 - bit registers
SEG - any segment register
FPUREG - any floating - point register
MMXREG - any MMX register
SSEREG - any SSE register
CRREG - any CR register
DRREG - any DR register
CONST - any constant
ANY - any operand or memory address ( size is not important )
MOV ANY , ANY
MOV
MOV [ ANY ] , ANY
try
catch
MOV [ FS : ANY ] , ANY
XOR RA , RA
XOR XA,XB
XOR
JMP [ R32*4+CONST ]
LEA RA , [ RA*5 ]
[ RA*4 + RA ]
this
February 24 , 2007 - Progress .
November 12 , 2006 - Analyser .
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) --
As the Obama administration considers how to approach the next phase of the $ 700 billion financial bailout , questions are being raised on Capitol Hill about whether it is helping the economy .
Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner told a congressional panel Thursday that the administration hopes to start winding down the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Treasury officials have been talking about shutting down some TARP programs , while refocusing on areas like small business loans and mortgage modifications .
TARP officially could end Dec. 31 , but Treasury has the power to extend it through next fall .
" We are working to put the TARP out of its misery .
And no one will be happier than I am ... to see that program terminated and unwound , " Geithner told members of the Joint Economic Committee .
The hearing got heated at points , with Republican Rep. Kevin Brady of Texas asking Geithner to consider resigning , citing the struggling economy , " frightening " deficit and extensive job losses .
Also on Thursday , the Congressional Oversight Panel quizzed top economists about the bailout 's effectiveness in helping to stabilize the economy .
The panel of experts said TARP helped avoid collapse of the financial system .
But they also blasted TARP 's design , structure and programs , and said it was n't entirely fair or transparent .
" I think the TARP ends up being counter - productive in that it abused public faith , " said Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
" They oversold the benefits . "
And few believed it has been helpful in propping up the economy .
" Housing stability efforts have been particularly disappointing , " said Mark Zandi , chief economist and co-founder of Moody's Economy.com .
" And of course small business lending has not worked at all . "
The panel disagreed about whether the federal bailout program ultimately made banks safer and better capitalized .
Zandi said he thought the bailout worked well for the largest banks , which he called " over - capitalized . "
He also said that without TARP , the nation would still be in a recession .
But Baker said he was more skeptical about the health of large banks , especially since the stress tests performed by regulators last spring did n't anticipate the current levels of unemployment .
" Not to say that they 're all going to collapse , but I 'm less confident of their soundness going forward , " said Baker .
Many banks that are doing well are making their profits on trades and not bread - and - butter banking activities , he said .
Simon Johnson , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology economics professor , said he did n't believe the economy was a " stable system , " especially since the largest banks can count on the government to bail them out if they get into big trouble .
" When you have an entity like Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) that has direct access to the Federal Reserve ... and is allowed to take any kind of risky investment that they want , you 're basically running a big hedge fund , " Johnson said .
When asked whether TARP should be allowed to continue , the answers varied .
Alex Pollock , a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , said he opposed extending the program .
" It is easy to imagine how much the Treasury and the administration would like to extend as long as possible the power and independent capacity they enjoy through the operation of TARP , " Pollack said .
" It is time to observe its target expiration date . "
Johnson said he thought the bailout should be wound down , but that the money be kept in an emergency fund in case the recovery stumbles and veers back toward crisis again .
But Zandi and Charles Calomiris , a professor at Columbia University 's business school , both said that TARP should be re-dedicated to helping homeowners with mortgages .
They believe that officials should abandon the current loan modification program and start a new one , where the government would give banks financial incentives to write down loan principal amounts .
" That 's been the essence of what 's been missing , " Calomiris said .
" The nice thing about that write down is it works to help marginal borrowers but not hopeless cases . "
Although it was believed many of his horde of 3,000 bikes were stolen , he was only charged with 58 to keep the case manageable , Crown prosecutor Ruth Kleinhenz said outside provincial court Tuesday .
Owners have since reclaimed 582 .
To ward off a civil suit from the province , Kenk has allowed the attorney general 's ministry to confiscate the 2,200 bikes that remain .
They have been stored in Durham Region .
A ministry spokesman said their fate has not been decided .
Dressed in grey jeans and sweater , his long hair and beard dishevelled , Kenk admitted to 10 counts of possession of stolen property – 10 bicycles worth under $ 5,000 .
The 50 - year - old bike repairman and self - described recycler also pleaded guilty to five counts of possession of cocaine and one of marijuana .
Forty - eight bike - related counts and several drug charges were dropped .
Charges were also withdrawn against Jeanie Chung , 38 , his common - law wife .
The classical pianist faced counts related to stolen goods and drugs found in the couple 's rented Yorkville house .
Justice Kathleen Caldwell sentenced Kenk to 30 months , but after credit for pre-trial custody , he will serve just four more .
Lon Rose , his lawyer , said in an interview he did n't think Kenk was happy with the result .
" I think he was understandably frustrated by how long the process has taken . "
Immigration factors were among those considered in sentencing the Slovenian - born immigrant , who is not a Canadian citizen , Rose said .
The sentence should not affect his immigration status , he said .
According to an agreed statement of facts , on July 16 , 2008 , two police officers saw Jean Laveau use bolt cutters to free a bike from its lock and then take it to Kenk , who was in front of his Queen St. W. bike shop .
They saw Kenk pay Laveau cash .
Laveau then walked to another locked bike , again c0utting it free .
Police arrested Kenk and Laveau .
Laveau later pleaded guilty to theft and possession of burglary tools .
The next day , an informant told police he had stolen bicycles for Kenk , who paid him with cash or crack cocaine , and knew of others who had done the same .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Police found about 3,000 bicycles at Kenk 's bike shop , his home and rented garages , and seized about seven kilograms of marijuana and several ounces of cocaine .
Kenk was released on bail , but was taken back into custody after being charged with assaulting two people in December 2008 .
His trial on those charges resumes Friday .
Just a quickie before I disappear for the weekend .
Soren “ Civ 4 ” Johnson has just tweeted about Small Worlds , saying “ What a beautiful game .
This is the next - gen Prince of Persia game I always wanted to play … ” .
I agree , and think you should play it without any further elaboration .
It ’s a magically - presented exploration game .
Magical .
That ’s the world .
Go lose yourself .
Brent
White shows that underwater homeowners across America are signally failing to take my advice ( or that of Mark Gimein ) and walk away from their homes : " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Brent
White shows that underwater homeowners across America are signally failing to take my advice ( or that of Mark Gimein ) and walk away from their homes :
Only about one - fourth of homeowner defaults are strategic , with the other three - fourths triggered by job losses , divorce or other financial difficulties , which when combined with negative equity give homeowners no option but to let go of their homes .
In other words , for the vast majority of homeowners , negative equity is a necessary but not a sufficient condition for default …
Though more than 32 % of U.S. homeowners were underwater on their mortgages by the end of the second quarter of 2009 , the strategic default rate was roughly 3 % .
Not all property owners behave like this , of course , and the best example right now of an underwater property owner walking away from his obligations is that of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al - Maktoum .
As Willem Buiter explains ,
The shareholder ( the al - Maktoum family aka the government of Dubai ) will decide on ordinary commercial principles whether to provide additional financial support to these companies .
If the shareholder of Dubai World and of Nakheel believes that a further capital injection makes commercial sense , it will inject additional capital ( assuming it can find the financial resources to do so ) .
If , as I suspect is the case with Nakheel , the company is so deep under water that injecting additional shareholder capital would be throwing good money after bad , the company will not be financially supported by the shareholder .
That ’s how financial capitalism works .
Except , of course , that ’s not how financial capitalism works in the US .
Here ’s
White :
Luigi Guiso , Paola Sapienza , and Luigi Zingales found that 81 % of homeowners believe that it is immoral to default on a mortgage , and that homeowners who hold this attitude are 77 % less likely to declare their intention to default than those who do not .
Indeed , once the equity shortfall exceeds 10 % of a home ’s value , the study found that “ moral and social considerations ” are the “ most important variables predicting strategic default . ”
So strong are these variables , in fact , that only 17 % of homeowners indicted that they would default if the equity shortfall reached 50 % …
Moreover , foreclosure rates are considerably lower than would be suggested by the Guiso , Sapienza , and Zingales study , as the percentage of people who actually default is much lower than the percentage that indicated they would default in the survey , moral qualms or not .
White goes on to enumerate an astonishingly long list of institutions , up to and including the president himself , which are speaking with a single voice on this question , and saying that paying an underwater mortgage in full is the morally correct thing to do .
Hank Paulson did it , despite the fact that he would have fired anyone at Goldman who behaved similarly ; Neil Cavuto likened people who walk away from their mortgages to people who would have “ quit ” and handed over Europe to the Nazis .
Even Gail Cunningham , of the National Foundation for Credit Counseling , declared in an interview on NPR that “ Walking away from one ’s home should be the absolute last resort .
However desperate a situation might become for a homeowner , that does not relieve us of our responsibilities . ”
If you ’re thinking of walking away , you ’ll almost certainly do so while overcoming enormous feelings of guilt .
And where there ’s guilt , there ’s belief in dire consequences :
Most people simply do not believe they will escape punishment for their moral transgressions .
Guilt and fear of punishment go together .
Thus , the notion that one will suffer great consequences for walking away from one ’s financial obligations not only seems possible , but feels quite right .
It just ca n’t be that one can walk away from their mortgage with no significant consequence .
As such , people rarely question apocalyptic descriptions of foreclosure ’s consequences .
The result is a system tilted enormously in favor of institutional lenders who exist in a world of morality - free contracts , and who conspire to lay the world ’s largest - ever guilt trip on any borrower who might think about joining them in that world .
It ’s asymmetrical , it ’s unfair , and it ’s about time that homeowners started being informed that a ding to their credit score is not the end of the world ; that no one would expect a capitalist company to behave in the way that individuals are being told to behave ; and that their options are in fact broader than they might believe .
White ’s paper is the perfect place for them to start their reading .
( HT : Kedrosky )
Jacksonville Divorce Lawyers
Award - Winning & Trial - Tested Advocacy in Family Law
At the Lasky Law Firm , our Jacksonville divorce lawyers always remember that family relationships are at the heart of everything we do .
We fight to protect our clients and their families as fiercely as we would our own .
Our team has dedicated their legal careers exclusively to resolving any and all family law matters that our clients face , from paternity to domestic violence and divorce .
We have the resources , experience , and dedication to help you .
“ We FIGHT to protect our clients and their families as fiercely as we would our own . ”
We recognize that any matter of family law can be stressful and draining , and we have created a comfortable , welcoming office environment where we can discuss your case , your options , and your goals .
We are also very hands - on , working closely with our clients to help them through their legal issues .
Our Jacksonville divorce & family lawyers work hard to help you smoothly and effectively transition to the next stage of your life .
We serve individuals and families across Jacksonville , northeast Florida , and the surrounding naval and military installations .
Contact Experienced Jacksonville Divorce Lawyers Today
Find out how our Jacksonville divorce & family lawyers can be of service to you : Call 904-399-1644 or use our online form today .
It looks like the Air Force will be getting a new toy .
The Pentagon recently awarded a nearly $ 52 million contract to speed up delivery of the " massive ordnance penetrator " or MOP .
The MOP , which will be the largest non-nuclear bomb in the U.S. arsenal , is a precision - guided bomb that will carry 5,300 pounds of explosives and is designed to destroy deeply buried and hardened underground targets .
Not surprisingly , the MOP began development during the Bush administration – which certainly would have coveted such a weapon as part of its policy of preemption ( more properly prevention since the Bush administration ’s national security policy called for preempting emerging threats before they materialized rather than preemptive defense against known , imminent threats ) .
What is surprising is that the Obama administration has decided to accelerate the program so that the MOP can be aboard B - 2 stealth bombers as soon as next summer .
Or maybe it ’s really not surprising .
After all , in his first press conference as president - elect Obama said , " Iran ’s development of a nuclear weapon , I believe , is unacceptable and we have to mount an international effort to prevent that from happening . "
And in his speech in Prague calling for a world without nuclear weapons he said , " So let me be clear : Iran ’s nuclear and ballistic missile activity poses a real threat , not just to the United States , but to Iran ’s neighbors and our allies . "
Other than President Obama ’s willingness to engage in diplomacy with Iran ( hailed by liberals and decried by conservatives ) , the policy is the same as when President Bush named Iran a charter member of the " axis of evil . "
And since the military option is not off the table with Obama as commander - in - chief any more than it was when Bush occupied the White House , it should n’t surprise anyone that the Pentagon wants to add the mother of all bunker busters to its inventory of weapon as soon as possible – especially with the recent revelation of a heretofore secret underground nuclear facility in Qom .
But if bombing Iran when Bush was president was a bad idea , it ’s just as bad an idea with Obama as president .
Even a so - called limited or surgical air strike would involve dropping several hundred bombs ( Iran ’s nuclear program likely consists of targets comprising hundreds of aimpoints and each aimpoint would require dropping two or three bombs each for reliability and to assure a high probability of kill ) .
While the U.S. military is certainly capable of carrying out a complex air strike , success would depend on three factors :
all the known targets comprise the full extent of Iran ’s nuclear program , i.e. , there are no secret facilities ,
absolutely minimal , i.e. , near zero , collateral damage , and
no retaliation by the regime in Tehran .
However , we already know that the Iranians were able to keep Qom a secret until recently ( and Natanz before that ) , so why should we be confident that they do n’t have yet another one ?
And even if a bomb lands precisely where we want it to land ( and our intention is to avoid collateral damage ) , there is always collateral damage .
In fact , civilian casualties are all but guaranteed since many of Iran ’s nuclear facilities are located in or near populated areas ( such as the holy city of Qom ) .
Finally , it is hard to imagine any government not retaliating after being bombed on a relatively massive scale .
And since Iran would have very limited capability to retaliate militarily , resorting to terrorism would be a likely scenario .
The prospect of a nuclear - armed Iran is certainly not one we should encourage or welcome with open arms .
On the other hand , we must realize that it also does n’t mean an end to the world as we now know it .
Unless the mullahs in Tehran are truly mad and suicidal , the U.S. strategic nuclear arsenal would still be a powerful deterrent ( not to mention the fact that Iran does n’t have the long - range strike capability to target the United States with nuclear weapons ) .
Ditto for Israel ’s unacknowledged nuclear capability vis-à - vis Iran .
And even though Iran has ties to Hezbollah , there is no evidence that the regime would provide dreaded WMD – including nuclear weapons – to terrorists .
So the reality is that – however unwelcomed and undesirable – we may have to learn to live with a nuclear - armed Iran .
As such , we would be better served a policy that reflects that reality rather than the same policy dressed up differently .
* * *
SIDEBAR : A Better Reason ?
There is another plausible reason to have a weapon such as the MOP that has nothing to do with targeting Iran ’s underground nuclear facilities .
It might also be a way to conventionally neutralize Pakistan ’s nuclear arsenal in a worst case scenario where the Zardari government falls and is taken over by radical Islamists who support al - Qaeda and would have no qualms about handing over nuclear weapons to terrorists .
Please do n’t confuse this with calling for military action against Pakistan .
But if the above worst case scenario became a reality , we might have to seriously consider such action .
And it would be imprudent not to .
However – unlike the Bush administration did in Iraq – we should not plan as though the worst case scenario is also the most likely and then act prematurely to prevent it from happening .
Before Chinese coal dust had time to settle on the snow in Denmark , China had been accused of hijacking negotiations at the Copenhagen climate change summit last month in an aim to protect its own economic interests .
Is China a convenient scapegoat for other major polluting economies ?
In an interview with Danwei , The Guardian Asia Environment Correspondent Jonathan Watts states : “ China and the US , the world 's two biggest emitters , came away happier as they can now continue emitting without legal constraints for a longer period of time , perhaps indefinitely . ”
A number of articles in Watts ’ newspaper this past week have held China chiefly responsible for what many see as the failure in Copenhagen to reach a more progressive agreement .
But does n't America 's economic stability now rely on China 's continued high - polluting economic growth ?
More interestingly , why is Beijing so touchy on the issue of foreign monitoring on Chinese soil of the country 's progress in reducing emissions ?
For a summary of some of the accusations against China , scroll down to veteran journalist 's Rose Luqiu 's December 25 blog post on the subject .
The Guardian article accusing China of hijacking negotiations at Copenhagen was quickly translated and has been posted in a many number of online spaces ; at FreeMoreNews.com , Nick Tung makes the comment that :
一个高度工业化的中国需要碳排放量。如果被控制了碳排放量，就被控制了工业化发展，中国是不会自己转这个套的。
这篇文章的倾向性太强，没有多大参考价值。说的obama好像救世主一样。也许在美国他是，但是对这个世界而言，他不是。
A highly - industrialized China is going to need to emit carbon .
Regulation of carbon emissions will mean regulation of industrial development , a road China will not choose on its own .
This article is too one - sided , not much worth in the long run .
It makes Obama out to be a messiah or something .
Maybe in America he is , but for the rest of the world , not even .
At Baidu , user zhangyanwu007 finds some common ground in criticism being made of China :
中国 有 “ 劫持” 哥本哈根气候变化会议谈判进程之嫌疑，我是完全理解别国有这样的看法的，中国虽然是发展中国家但是却不能以发展中国家之名义，而置哥本哈根气候变化会议之宗旨于不顾。中国是发展中国家，但却是大国，人多也最多，自然污染更为严重。于是理应承担的责任，比起其他任何国家也应该更多。哥本哈根气候变化会议不是讨价会，而且一场对人类生存的责任会。大家不应该推卸，找借口，而应该勇敢承担责任！
China has been accused of “ hijacking ” negotiations at the Copenhagen climate change summit , and I can completely understand why some countries would see it that way .
Even though China is still a developing country , it can't use that as an excuse to disregard the objectives set for the Copenhagen climate change summit .
China is a developing country , but it's not a superpower , and with the world 's greatest population , its pollution levels are quite serious .
So the reasons for it to be responsible also surpass those of any other country on earth .
The Copenhagen climate change summit was not meant for haggling a bargain , but a meeting for taking responsibility for the existence of humanity .
People should not be shirking their responsibility or looking for excuses , instead they should be brave and accept their responsibility !
More typical this week is the kind of articulate retort given by Wykehamist blogger Jiong :
我的看法很简单也很直接，那就是：随你们说去，中国就没诚意参加哥本哈根了，又如何？美国有诚意么？美国不是也公然说绝不加入《京都议定书》或任何类似的协议？中国作为人均CO2排放量只及美国四分之一、只及一直口口声声老爱强调环保的欧洲两分之一的发展中国家，凭什么要再承诺减排？白人就有权比黄种人多排放两倍、多排放四倍的二氧化碳了？
[…]
我觉得中国官员在哥本哈根会议上的表现非常好，第一次让我看到中国也可以像美国人那样如此明目张胆地、强硬地捍卫自己的利益。温宝宝年纪也一大把了还飞那么远到个穷乡僻壤的小破城市开会已经表现得很有诚意，至于最后到底是出席了会议还是选择躲在房间里睡觉其实根本不重要，因为无论他出现在哪这个会议也不可能有什么成果。我们现在只需要脸皮再厚点，对英国这种二流国家报纸上的愚蠢报道和之后会铺天盖地涌出来的响应叫骂声，一律忽视之。
My view is simple and straightforward : say whatever you want , China was n't sincere about attending Copenhagen , so what ?
Was America ?
Did n't America openly refuse to take part in the Kyoto Protocol or any agreement like it ?
As a developing country with a fourth of the CO2 emissions per person of America , and half that of the ever green - talking Europe , why on earth should China commit itself to reducing emissions ?
Or do white people have the right to emit twice or four times as much carbon dioxide as yellow people ?
[…]
I think Chinese officials acted splendidly at the Copenhagen summit ; this was the first time for me to see China be bold like Americans in standing up tough for its own interests .
As old as Wen Jiabao is , he flew all the way to that crappy little backwater city for the meeting , and attended in full sincerity , knowing that it would n't have mattered if he attended all the meetings or just hid in a back room and slept through it all , that the outcome would have been the same , that being not much at all .
All we need now is to get thicker skin and just ignore it when newspapers in second - tier countries like England publish idiotic reports that come out shouting and cursing .
Comments on the translated Lynas piece at the GZNF bbs read :
ayuze :
哥本哈根是谁的胜利？我想肯定不是全人类的胜利。
Just who was the winner coming out of Copenhagen ?
I think it definitely was n't a victory for humankind .
kevin :
就算达成协议又如何？有无认真执行有系另一回事！呢d系天朝系人所皆知家啦！
So what if they had reached an agreement ?
Whether or not it would be strictly implemented is a completely different story .
This is something that all Chinese understand very well .
answer :
这篇文章是想说，全是中国的错？
So this article just wants to say that everything is China 's fault ?
海天四望 / Gazing across the ocean :
这篇文章告诉人们，中国要走向强国，道路曲折。
This article tells us that China needs to move to become a stronger nation , it 's time to change direction .
Journalist and Twitter user Rose Luqiu , in her post yesterday , ‘ The post - Copenhagen era ‘ , writes :
虽然哥本哈根峰会已经结束了好几天,但是各国之间似乎又开始了blame game , 也就相互指摘,这让人的感觉反差很大,因为如果光看中国媒体的报导的话,这次的协议,虽然没有法律效率,但是却是最符合各国利益的唯一选择.
其实不单单是英国把矛头指向中国,在气候峰会之后,如果看看英文媒体的报导,瑞典环境部长,也认为中国是导致最终产生一分没有法律效率,没有减排目标的协议的最主要因素.英国环境大臣米利班德在英国卫报上的署名文章,干脆用上'干扰'这次词来形容中国,结果中国外交部发言人不点名的批评他在挑拨中国和发展中国家的关系.这被视为峰会之后最先出现的外交风波.
Even though the Copenhagen summit wrapped up a few days ago , different countries have now begun playing the blame game , criticizing each other , quite a contrast if all you 've been reading have been Chinese media reports , [ which have been reporting that ] this agreement , albeit legally non-binding , was the option which best aligned with every country 's national interest .
Though actually , it 's not just England who has been pointing fingers at China ; if you 've been following English - language media reports since the climate change summit , you 'll have seen that the Swedish Minister for the Environment also feels that China was the main factor which resulted in this legally non-binding agreement with no carbon emission reduction targets .
English Climate Secretary Ed Miliband , writing in the British Guardian newspaper , flat - out used the word “ hijack ” to describe China , resulting in China 's Foreign Ministry spokesperson to , without naming names , criticize him for stirring up trouble in relations between China and other developing nations .
This has been seen as the first diplomatic squabble to come out of Copenhagen .
奥巴马则要婉转很多 ,在接受美国媒体报导的时候,承认这分协议令人失望,但是重点在于这分协议的政治意义.当然,虽然没有把中国作为批评对象,但是不忘告诉大家,中国没有参与谈判的过程.
这样的表述 , 和我们从国内媒体上获得的消息又是截然相反,因为官方媒体的报导,显然是美国没有诚意,才会导致中国数次拒绝和奥巴马进行直接对话,是奥巴马硬要加入到发展中国家自己的协商过程当中,而在中国的最终斡旋之下,才有了这样一分协议的最终诞生.
Then Obama squirmed a lot , admitting in interviews with American media , that while the accord left him disappointed , but the main point of it being its political significance .
Of course , while he did n't come out and criticize China , nor did he forget to remind everyone that China did n't take part in the negotiation process .
A statement like that is the complete opposite to information we 've been getting from domestic media , with official media saying that clearly because America was not being insincere , would China repeatedly refuse to engage in direct talks with Obama , that it was Obama who forced his way into developing countries ’ own process for negotiation , and that in the end it was only through China 's mediation that such an agreement was ever born in the first place .
环保人士mark LYNAS 描述了另外一个场景 , 这位马尔代夫环境问题顾问列席了其中一次的谈判会场.他说,当时五六十个国家的领袖进行谈判,而中国只派出了一个外交部的官员,也因为这样,所有的领袖,必须等候这位官员不停的打电话向上级汇报请示,尔正是中国,不同意在协议里面列名,发达国家在2050年实现减排百分之八十的目标.他描述了奥巴马沮丧的样子,还有德国总统默克尔以及澳大利亚总理杜克文当时的激烈反应,质问为何不同意发达国家只不过是列明自己的目标.用这位环保人士的话来说,事后证明中国这样的做法是正确的,因为外界只会谴责美国,因为在协议里面,没有为自己列出应尽的责任,显得没有承担.
Environmentalist Mark Lynas describes another scenario , a negotiation session in which this environmental consultant to the Maldives listened in .
He says that at the time , leaders from 50 + nations were engaged in negotiations , but China alone sent only a foreign ministry official to take part , and in doing so , forced all leaders to wait while this official kept making phone calls to his superiors to give feedback and ask for instructions .
And it was China who would not consent to be listed in the agreement as one of the developed countries with a target to reduce emissions by 80 % before 2050 .
He described Obama 's forlorn appearance , and the harsh reaction from German President Merkel and Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , demanding to know why developed countries should n't be allowed to publicize their own reduction targets .
In the words of this environmentalist , what followed proved that China acted correctly , because everyone on the outside then aimed their condemnations at the USA ; by not declaring its share of the responsibility , it was in effect shirking it .
Commenter on Luqiu 's piece Guo Jun responded with :
咱们这个政府习惯了大政府的空话和对利益最大化的索取，而不愿意承担责任，这样的陋习是日久形成的….遗憾的是我们早已忘记了这世间还有‘尊重’这个词语。不论你有何种理由，把自己独立于普世价值之外，最终只能让对手或者别国更加鄙视你！
This government of ours is used to the empty rhetoric of big government and to seeking to maximize interests , being unwilling to take on responsibility , corrupt habits formed over the years … it 's a pity that we here on earth long ago forgot the meaning of the word ‘ dignity ’ .
Whatever your reasons are , distancing yourself from universal values in the end will only make your rivals and other countries despise you even more !
Smaller is better ( Image : Lauri Rotko / Getty )
Women have a more sensitive touch than men , but not because of their gender .
It ’s just that their fingers tend to be smaller .
“ We now understand that this sex difference is not actually a ‘ sex effect ’ , but rather an effect of finger size , ” says Daniel Goldreich of McMaster University in Ontario , Canada .
His team measured the surface areas of index fingers in 100 students and then asked them to feel surfaces marked with progressively finer grooves .
Advertisement
Dense receptors
When the grooves get too narrow for someone ’s sense of touch , the surface feels smooth .
On average , men could detect grooves down to 1.59 millimetres wide , whereas women detected grooves at 1.41 millimetres .
But what mattered was finger size , not gender .
Spatial discrimination fell by 0.25 millimetres for every square - centimetre increase in finger area .
The team found that sweat pores become more densely packed as finger size decreases .
They suspect that the skin ’s touch receptors , or Merkel cells , are also more tightly packed , which might explain why small fingers are more sensitive .
Journal reference : The Journal of Neuroscience , DOI : 10.1523/jneurosci.3684-09.2009
HOUSTON  A dog ’s sniff helped put Curvis Bickham in jail for eight months .
Now that the case against him has been dropped , he wants to tell the world that the investigative technique that justified his arrest smells to high heaven .
The police told Mr. Bickham they had tied him to a triple homicide through a dog - scent lineup , in which dogs choose a suspect ’s smell out of a group .
The dogs are exposed to the scent from items found at crime scene , and are then walked by a series of containers with samples swabbed from a suspect and from others not involved in the crime .
If the dog finds a can with a matching scent , it signals  stiffening , barking or giving some other alert its handler recognizes .
Dogs ’ noses have long proved useful to track people , and the police rely on them to detect drugs and explosives , and to find the bodies of victims of crime and disaster .
A 2004 report by the F.B.I. states that use of scent dogs , properly conducted , “ has become a proven tool that can establish a connection to the crime . ”
Scent lineups , however , are different .
Critics say that the possibilities of cross-contamination of scent are great , and that the procedures are rarely well controlled .
Nonetheless , although some courts have rejected evidence from them , the technique has been used in many states , including Alaska , Florida , New York and Texas , said Lawrence J. Myers , an associate professor of animal behavior at the Auburn University College of Veterinary Medicine .
A Long Island deli owner who held a robber at gunpoint , then let him go after giving him $ 40 and a loaf of bread , says he got an anonymous letter from the crook that included a $ 50 bill and a thank - you for saving him from a life of crime .
The mysterious writer apologized to his would - be victim , Mohammad Sohail , saying , “ First of all I would like to say I am sorry at the time I had [ no ] money no food on the table no job and nothing for my family . ”
Similar to comments he made on his knees during the incident last May , he said he realized that trying to rob the store with a baseball bat “ was wrong but I had [ no ] choice .
I needed to feed my family . ”
The letter claimed , “ When you had that gun to my head I was 100 % that I was going to die , ” and said he begged to convert to Islam at that moment only because he feared death .
But the letter - writer said he actually did convert , “ decided to become a true Muslim , ” and turned his life around after Sohail , 47 , spared his life .
“ Now I have a new child and good job make good money staying out of trouble and taking care of my family .
You gave me forty dollars thank you for sparing my life Because of that you change my life . ”
The letter was signed in type : “ Your Muslim Brother . ”
“ That ’s the same guy I gave $ 40 to , ” said Sohail , 62 , displaying the typewritten letter at his Shirley Express deli yesterday .
There was no return address .
It was mailed on Long Island the week before Thanksgiving .
“ I ’m really thrilled , ” said Sohail .
“ I ’m very happy for that guy , because he is now doing good for the community .
“ He has a job and he is a good person .
I really feel great .
Thank God he ’s doing good .
He ’s got a new baby and he ’s not in jail , ” said Sohail .
“ When you do good things for somebody , it comes back to you .
I gave him $ 40 and he sent me back $ 50 .
It was a good investment , ” Sohail laughed .
During the robbery attempt , the failed thief brandished a baseball bat and demanded cash .
But Sohail pulled out a 9 mm rifle and disarmed the man — who pleaded for his life on his knees before the deli counter , crying , “ I ’m sorry !
I ’m sorry ! ” and tearfully claiming his family had fallen on hard times .
Suffolk County police declined to comment until they had a chance to look at the letter .
Detectives , using video surveillance film of the would - be thief , investigated the robbery but were unable to locate or name the suspect .
kieran.crowley@nypost.com
Set in England in the 1890s , Tipping the Velvet is a colourful , passionate and entertaining lesbian love story .
As charismatic heroine Nan Astley ( Rachael Stirling ) grows into womanhood , she realises that she 's attracted to women , not men .
It leads her into a series of lesbian adventures .
The glamorous world of 19th century music hall provides the backdrop for Nan 's first love affair with Kitty ( Keeley Hawes ) , a popular male impersonator music hall star .
They become a double act both on and off stage , but their manager Walter ( John Bowe ) wins Kitty 's hand as she ultimately chooses the safety of a traditional life rather than risking the public disapproval of her true feelings for Nan .
Devastated by Kitty 's betrayal , Nan takes to the streets to survive , in her guise as a male impersonator , and finds a niche in the Victorian sexual underworld .
She 's drawn to Florence ( Jodhi May ) , but is unable to tell her the truth about her secret street life .
Instead , she 's spotted by the wealthy widow , Diana Lethaby ( Anna Chancellor ) , a woman in her thirties who is amoral , capricious and predatory .
She introduces Nan into a world of luxury and debauchery , and makes Nan her sexual slave .
When Nan is thrown back onto the streets , she searches for Florence , who is initially deeply mistrustful , but a strong bond develops between them that blossoms into real and lasting love .
The novel Tipping the Velvet was written by Sarah Waters , with acclaimed dramatist Andrew Davies adapting it for the screen .
'' Sarah Waters writes from a deep understanding not only of the great Victorian writers , but also the underground literature of the time - the pornographic fiction and private memoirs which revealed the truth about what men and women thought and did in the later years of the 19th century , '' highlights Davies .
'' She also writes with an extraordinary , gutsy zest for life in all its often comic complexity , especially the sexual life .
The effect of this is sometimes shocking , but always illuminating and life - enhancing . ''
Goodgame Empire is an online war strategy game by Goodgame Studios , in which you build a powerful empery .
You have been entrusted with your very own castle but you own still a small empire .
It 's now up to you to expand it and turn it into a huge kingdom .
Build houses for your people , so that they can help you gather the means to grow .
Be an impressive emperor , recruit new armies and lead them into battles to conquer new lands .
Or seek an alliance with other players .
It 's a viable strategy in this online empire building game to find people to join forces with .
Your kingdom needs more than just a big castle .
It needs a good leader like you to make it into the most glorious empire of four kingdoms .
You are free to forge your own path as you play , enacting your strategy .
In Goodgame Empire you will rise and fall based on how well you play .
Use your multiplayer alliances as security before taking on scarier enemies .
( Read more ..)
Only with the help of a rock solid strategy will you be able to build your empire and lead it to victory .
But those things do not come free .
A good emperor has to work and plan for it .
Prepare your rise to power by building a massive army first .
But do n't get complacent .
Your enemies are doing so the same , so make sure your home is well fortified .
You will have to defend it against villains and robbers alike .
Goodgame Empire belongs to the genre of real - time - strategy games .
These games are not played in turns , but let you give orders and commands whenever you want instead .
Carve out a place for yourself on the huge world map .
Alliances let you find players to chat and share ideas with .
Choose knights and legendary heroes to lead your armies .
Keep in mind that every order takes time to execute .
If you do n't want to sit around staring at your screen waiting , you can spend rubies to skip the waiting time .
You can also rely on the true and tested approach to getting what you want : take it from those weaker than yourself .
That 's right , you can just invade somebody else 's kingdom .
Pillage and plunder for fun , or because you want their property .
While Goodgame Empire is free - to - play online game , you have the option of speeding things up with virtual money .
Like most similar games , this is n't necessary to advance in the game .
Become king of your own empire by hoarding resources and power .
Explore Goodgames Empire game and its deep gameplay !
Controls : Mouse
" I have seen performances where the central character has not been Jesus .
Instead he is replaced by an angel or a sheep , and I think that 's a shame , " said Rev Roger Widdecombe , vicar of St Paul 's in Cheltenham , Gloucestershire .
Dr Burns said lung cancer could be more common among women by 2010 Scotland 's top doctor has said that men are narrowing the life expectancy gap with women because they are more likely to adopt a healthier lifestyle .
Chief Medical Officer Harry Burns said that since 1980 male life expectancy had risen by 6.6 years to 75.3 years and by 4.9 years to 80 among females .
He said this was due to falling smoking levels and because more men were reaching recommended exercise levels .
Dr Burns said lung cancer may be more common among women than men by 2010 .
He used his annual report to highlight the narrowing gap between the number of years men and women can expect to live .
Dr Burns said : " In every country women live longer than men and the same is true for Scotland .
" However current data suggests that men are narrowing the gap .
The conventional causes of premature death have been replaced by others
Dr Harry Burns
Read the full report here " An examination of health - related behaviours suggests that Scots men appear to be more likely than Scots women to adopt healthy behaviours . "
He said that in particular , men in Scotland were less likely to be smokers than in the past and this changing pattern of behaviour appeared to be now accelerating gains in life expectancy .
The report also said that over the last 10 years more men than women have achieved the recommended levels for exercise .
Dr Burns said : " The fact that males appear to be exercising slightly more frequently than females may be contributing to the narrowed gap in life expectancy . "
Deaths from heart attack , stroke and cancer in the under - 75s had all fallen in the last 10 years , according to the report .
But Dr Burns added : " The conventional causes of premature death have been replaced by others .
" An examination of the statistics suggests that deaths due to alcohol , addictions , injury and suicide are increasing , particularly in the more deprived areas of Scotland . "
Mental health Scotland now has one of the highest rates of deaths from liver cirrhosis in Europe , whereas in the 1970s it had one of the lowest .
Dr Burns said alcohol can have a considerable impact on mental health as well .
He also highlighted the dangers of obesity , saying there was now little doubt " that Scots are following a similar pattern of eating behaviour to the Americans " .
Dr Burns stressed the importance of establishing healthy habits in childhood to help tackle such problems .
He added : " We all know what the healthier choices are : drinking less , not smoking , exercising more and eating sensibly .
" And evidence shows this could add up to 13 years of extra life .
So why are n't we a healthier nation ?
" Nurturing our children and developing their sense of control over their lives will give them the resources they need to look after themselves and make healthy choices in life . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
A trip dowm memory lane Lies and damn lies Subscribe to Brasscheck TV Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
New president , same old scam
Advertisement
We 're heading to Afghanistan , why ?
Because of Al - Queda ?
Intelligence estimates are there are 100 Al - Queda fighters left in Afghanistan ... and my guess is they 're in pretty rough shape .
So we need 30,000 troops to deal with that ?
This is a bonanza for somebody - but not for Afghanistan or Americans .
Watch for the coming war surtax ...
Hey , someone 's got to pay for this .
Robin Oakley is a political analyst and former political correspondent for CNN and the BBC .
London , England ( CNN ) -- Few American presidents have been greeted with the enthusiasm Europe demonstrated for Barack Obama on his election .
In part , it was a reaction against his predecessor -- George W. was never loved in the EU -- but there was also the feeling that Obama was a genuine multilateralist .
Europeans , who welcomed Obama as the candidate of change , did n't expect him to agree with them on everything , but they believed that he would at least listen to them .
So now that the showroom gloss is beginning to wear off Obama at home , now that U.S. poll respondents are indicating that the first dents and scratches are visible in the previously gleaming bodywork , how is he being seen between Ljubljana and Lisbon ?
In Europe 's capitals , as in many places , there was something of a gulp when the Nobel Peace Prize was announced , a feeling that it was being bestowed in hope of what was to come rather than in recognition of what had been achieved .
That said , Obama remains far more popular personally than Bush , whose Iraq war adventure with the eager assistance of British Prime Minister Tony Blair led to splits among Europe 's leaders .
On the diplomatic circuit , the movers and shakers will still fight for invitations whenever the president swings through European cities .
On the plus side , there was a big welcome , except perhaps among some of the Eastern European states , when the president scrapped the missile defense plans with installations in Poland and the Czech Republic , indicating that he wanted to talk to Moscow rather than lob bricks over their neighbor 's wall .
Europeans , who do n't possess America 's military might and who nearly always , in Winston Churchill 's words , prefer " jaw , jaw to war , war , " also welcomed Obama 's early overture to Iran indicating that if Teheran would unclench its fist , then America was ready to extend its hand .
After the strong influence the climate change deniers appeared to have with the previous administration , Europeans were especially pleased that Obama said he would come to the climate summit in Copenhagen , Denmark .
They were impressed with the way he helped to broker a deal at the G20 summit in London in April , something he managed to do without throwing his weight around .
It is a measure of the president 's continued pulling power that the Europeans , who have seemingly grudged every extra pair of boots the NATO secretary general has persuaded them to dispatch up until now , are to stump up around 7,000 additional troops for the war in Afghanistan alongside the 30,000 more committed by a president who has now more than doubled the U.S. contingent there .
But while Europe 's diplomats and politicians know that the president , too , has to strike political balances , and while they recognize that shared values across the Atlantic wo n't always mean shared interests , a few niggles are creeping in .
For all the talk about resetting relations between Washington and Moscow , the Europeans are worried that the crucial December 1 deadline passed without a deal renewing the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty for monitoring nuclear arsenals .
On Afghanistan , Europe 's political leaders were muttering behind the scenes as the president took a long time making up his mind about the extra troops .
To them , he seemed to be dithering ; and with anti-war opinion building in their own backyards , he made their own lives more difficult while they awaited his decision .
Some criticism has come into the open .
For example , Bob Ainsworth , Britain 's defense minister , has refused to commit the U.S. 's leading ally in Afghanistan to a pullout timetable beginning with the president 's promised date of July 2011 .
Paddy Ashdown , who knows a bit about these things as the international community 's former high representative in Bosnia , reckons that the president failed to produce a political strategy to go along with his military one .
Obama , said Lord Ashdown , was trying to appeal simultaneously to two different audiences .
He wanted to tell the folks back home in Peoria , Illinois , that the troops would be home in 18 months , and he wanted to tell the Taliban that an extra 30,000 troops were on their way to make life tough for them .
The problem was that the folks back home would focus most on the extra 30,000 troops going out , and the Taliban would focus on the fact that they would start leaving in 18 months .
Taliban leader Mullah Omar is supposed to have said : " The enemy has the watches ; we have the time . "
Insurgents tend to have a longer time scale than democratic politicians , who only too soon will be facing electors once more .
The Europeans , while they like much about Obama 's style , are growing just a little uneasy about how things will pan out under his presidency .
" It 's early days , but perhaps a little less talk and a little more do might be welcome , " one former Downing Street insider told me .
They were n't expecting Superman in the White House , certainly not at a time of major economic recession .
They still feel that the new president is a man they can talk to .
But they can see that power is moving inexorably from the the G8 to the G20 , where Europe 's influence will be diluted by major new players like China and India .
They may become a little sensitive as the president is seen to cozy up to the new players .
The Europeans also can read the Pew surveys in the U.S. showing that a greater proportion of Americans would like their nation to pull back from a world role and " mind its own business " than did so even during the Vietnam war .
They will watch Obama now to see how he resists the pressures of isolationism .
The slight unease one senses now in Europe 's capitals is , in a sense , less a personal slippage for Obama than a growing recognition of the weakness of a debt - ridden U.S. economy and of the inability of the world 's strongest military power to contain Islamic insurgencies or to find and dispose of Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar eight years after the mass murders of 9/11 .
The U.S. may still have the military might .
But even America has to look at the costs column these days .
And when the likes of French President Nicolas Sarkozy inveigh against the evils of the " Anglo - Saxon economic model , " they have Wall Street just as much in mind as they do the city of London .
Obama , though , does n't have to worry yet about his personal popularity in Europe .
He remains a beacon of hope to many Europeans .
And he will probably remain rather more popular in Europe than he is at home because it is in tackling the back - pocket issues with their own electorates -- like health care -- that most politicians make their enemies .
That may , however , be little consolation to a president with a second term to win in due course .
Blair , after all , remained hugely popular in the U.S.
But so discredited did he become back home that he was forced to step down and hand over power to Gordon Brown .
[ see bottom of post for an update ]
Steve McIntyre , chief blogger and workhorse at the blog ClimateAudit , has a recent post which is grabbing a lot of attention across the web and being trumpeted by some as a triumphant unmasking of the fraudulent behavior in the preparation of the IPCC Third Assessment Report ( TAR ) .
Science / science policy blogger Roger Pielke Jr. covers
Steve ’s post , with a post of his own , under the title The “ Trick ” in Context .
However , I think the post should more accurately have been titled The “ Trick ” in “ Context . ”
For the “ context ” is one supplied by Steve McIntyre .
My read of the relevant emails surrounding the incident in question does n’t lead me to the same conclusions as Steve .
Context must be supplied in this case .
For as anyone who has looked through any of the leaked / stolen Climategate emails ( available here ) quickly realizes , most of the email threads are not complete from start to finish , and , as is typical of most conversations , they assume the participants already know a lot of what is being discussed , including the context .
To outside parties peering in , often the context must be derived , inferred , or guessed at .
The topic in question has to do with development of the discussion and graphics to be included in the paleoclimate section of Chapter 2 of the IPCC ’s TAR .
( The IPCC has since published its Fourth Assessment Report [ AR4 ] , which dedicates an entire chapter to paleoclimate rather than a brief section of a single chapter . )
The discussion taking place in the emails highlighted by McIntyre is about what the best scientific understanding ( at the time ) of what the earth ’s temperature behavior was during periods that pre-date the widespread direct temperature measurements made by thermometers ( in this case , the past 1,000 years or so ) .
This is relevant to the issue of anthropogenic climate change because quantifying the degree of “ natural ” variability of the earth ’s temperature helps to understand how unusual our current warmth might be .
To some people , it is also important because they want to use it to try to argue that the earth ’s temperature has gotten to be as high as it is now solely because of natural process .
But this view is almost certainly wrong .
The Temperature ‘ Trick ’ Revisited
McIntyre has dedicated a phenomenal amount of time and energy into trying to decipher just how paleoclimate researchers have come to assemble their millennial temperature reconstructions — which are necessarily built upon uncertain data , relationships , and interactions — and then trying to determine whether the methods ( and thus the ultimate results ) are robust .
By and large , he has had to do this without the assistance and / or blessing of the paleoclimate community ( to put things nicely — look through the Climategate emails to see opinions of Steve in less nice terms ) .
Steve ’s effort has basically introduced the idea of research “ audits ” to the climate community , as well as forwarding the idea that all data and methodologies in the peer - review literature should be archived and open .
This alone is a praiseworthy and significant contribution that will ( hopefully ) have lasting positive influence on how climate science is documented .
But , in this particular case , I think that he is trying too hard to attach something nefarious to actions that occurred nearly a decade ago .
To understand the scenario that Steve is putting forth , you have to visit his site and read through his line - of - reasoning .
Basically , he thinks the authors responsible for the relevant portion of the IPCC TAR Chapter 2 were being “ tricky ” to an extent unjustified by the scientific knowledge at the time , in order to try to show that the earth ’s temperatures during the latter part of the 20th century were unprecedentedly high ( furthering the evidence that human greenhouse gas emissions were driving the climate warmer ) .
However , when I look through the emails and try to follow Steve ’s thread , I do n’t arrive at the same conclusions ( nor do some other folks ) .
Steve imparts a context to snippets of emails that I believe does not accurately reflect the true context .
Steve sees the authors trying to “ hide the decline ” ( i.e. , trying to conceal one particular reconstruction : the one published by Briffa et al. in 2000 that shows temperatures in the latter half of the 20th century declining ) , while other reconstructions–and the observations themselves –show that temperatures were rising .
But I see them trying to understand why the available temperature reconstructions are different from one another .
Steve sees actions that are highly questionable ; I see fairly normal scientific discourse .
I can agree with Steve on one thing : the IPCC presented some data in a way that was different from how the data was originally presented in the peer - reviewed literature .
Primarily , the reconstructed temperature as described by Briffa et al. ( 2000 ) , which originally extended from the years 1402 to 1994 , was truncated to end in 1960 .
However , this truncated version of the Briffa et al. ( 2000 ) reconstruction was supplied to the IPCC by one of the co-authors of original research , with the explanation that they did not have very much faith in the accuracy of the reconstruction past that date ( because the reconstructed temperatures diverged from the observed temperatures ) ( see email 951763817.txt ) .
That the IPCC authors choose to accept and use this version of the Briffa dataset does n’t seem to me to be much of a “ trick . ”
If I were going to use some data , and the researchers who had derived the data informed me that some of it was quite possibly wrong , I probably would try to avoid using it — or at least the questionable portions .
Perhaps the only thing vaguely “ tricky ” was that Briffa was also a contributing author to this IPCC chapter .
So perhaps it could be argued that he was allowing his dataset to be used in a way other than how he originally published it in order to further the IPCC ’s desire to show that the recent temperatures were unprecedented ( and humans were the cause ) .
However , three things argue against that proposition : 1 ) that in Briffa ’s peer - reviewed publications ( prior to the IPCC review ) describing his reconstructions , he openly recognized the post - 1960 divergence problems between his data and the observations and admitted it needed further explanation ; 2 ) in one of the emails he stated that he did not believe that there was sufficient evidence to conclude that the temperatures in the recent decades were unprecedented in the past 1,000 years ( see email 938031546.txt ) ; and 3 ) based on the personality that Briffa displays throughout the Climategate emails , he certainly does n’t act like one who rolls over under pressure .
So it seems unlikely that Briffa volunteered to truncate his dataset in order to satisfy the IPCC ’s desire ( or at least the desire of the other authors of that particular Chapter ) to show that recent temperature were unprecedented .
The only person who knows for sure is probably Keith Briffa .
Now perhaps , you may argue that if Briffa was uncomfortable about any parts of his analysis the prudent thing would have been for him to have requested that it not be included at all .
And maybe that would have been the correct thing to do and then there would have been no apparent “ trick ” at all .
But that is not what Briffa decided — and that decision 10 years ago has led to this discussion .
Conclusion
I totally agree that several ( or many ) IPCC / TAR authors wanted to push the idea that the warmth of our most recent decades was unprecedented in the history of earth ’s temperatures during the past 1,000 years .
And those authors who wanted to do so were incredibly successful in actually doing so ( look no further than Figure 1b on page 3 of the Summary for Policymakers [ SPM ] ) .
And perhaps the science at the time did not justify this .
But , SPM Figure 1 b ( and its creation ) is not the figure under discussion by McIntyre .
Do n’t get me wrong : I think that there is a lot of scientific misbehavior evident in the email collection , some of which I commented on in an earlier post .
But I also think there is a lot of normal scientific discourse .
I want to be careful not to confuse the latter for the former .
In this specific case , I come down on the side of the latter .
[ update 12/14/2009 : Upon further reflection and consultation of the ( at the time ) extant Briffa peer - reviewed publications , I think the best course of action would have been not to include the Briffa series in IPCC TAR Figure 2.21 .
The problems with it were not fully resolved and it was not an apples - to - apples comparison with the other data series in Figure 2.21 anyway .
The IPCC TAR authors acted outside the peer - review literature when they decided not to include the Briffa series post -1960 .
If they were intent on doing so , their decision should have been clearly justified in the text .
There was a brief description in Section 2.3.2.1 ( TAR p. 135 ) of a problem with tree - ring temperature reconstructions in recent decades , but in no indication that the TAR authors took this into account in the preparation of Figure 2.21 .
In fact , a reader would have been confused if they had turned to Figure 2.21 in order to confirm the description in Section 2.3.2.1 that the “ tree - ring density variations have changed in their response to temperature in recent decades . ”
There was no evidence whatsoever of this in Figure 2.21 .
The TAR authors should have included a direct acknowledgement in the caption of Figure 2.21 that the Briffa series had been modified .
But they did not .
Whether or not this was done in a coordinated IPCC effort to “ hide the decline , ” or whether it was a decision that rested only with Briffa being uncomfortable with the that portion of his reconstruction , cannot be determined from the associated email content ( in my opinion ) .
- Chip ]
The FBI is searching for a man who wore a mask of Richard Nixon when he robbed two banks in Encino .
According to the FBI , the so - called Ex-President Bandit hit a Santa Barbara Bank & Trust on Dec. 2 and a branch of U.S. Bank on Nov. 25 .
The robber may be taking a page from the movie " Point Break , " in which bank robbers wore masks of Nixon , Ronald Reagan and other former presidents to rob banks in the Los Angeles area .
The suspect was described as calm , wearing dark clothes and brandishing a handgun .
No one was hurt in either of the robberies .
-- Shelby Grad
Photo : A video clip of the Ex -President Bandit in Encino .
Credit : FBI
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Rain creates traffic jams on Southern California roads
Drone aircraft will be used to nab illegal immigrants on California - Mexico border
L.A. City Council panels to consider Michael Jackson memorial costs today
Archbishop of Canterbury rebukes Episcopal leaders after L.A. diocese elects gay bishop
Adnan says all he can think about is " that terrible day " Adnan Hussain , aged 14 , lost all of his immediate family in the market place explosion in Peshawar earlier this week - the biggest bombing in the recent string of militant attacks in Pakistan .
Adnan says his relatives had gathered for his cousin's wedding in the city - but nine of them were killed in Wednesday 's blast when they went shopping ahead of the festivities .
Here he relives the horror of that day in an interview with the BBC's Aleem Maqbool .
We had all been at my grandmother 's house .
My mum told me to go and fetch my dad from my uncle 's place so we could all go to buy bangles and clothes and other stuff for the wedding .
I went to get my dad but decided not to go shopping and stayed with my uncle .
An hour later , we heard the blast .
At that time , I really did n't think my family was hurt , but my grandmother told me to go to see what had happened and to look for them .
When I realised it had happened in the market , I worried .
I saw all the broken glass and the security men would n't let me go in .
I could see they were pulling out bodies and I was scared .
More than 100 people were killed in the explosion I ran to the hospital and waited .
One after the other four bodies came in .
I really can't describe how it felt .
I lost my mother , father , two aunts , my four sisters and my brother .
Sonia was 12 , Irum was eight , Sehrish was six , Fariah was five and my younger brother Salman was three years old .
They still have n't found five of the bodies .
What did my family do ?
Why would anyone do this to them ?
I do n't understand .
And where was the security ?
They always tell us there 's a red alert and security is high but there was nothing .
I still have my grandmother , and my uncle told me not to worry and that he will take care of my schooling .
But all I can think about is that terrible day and I want to cry .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The airwaves are full of the “ secret ” codes and emails from Britain ’s Hadley climate research center .
New Zealand is looking at the upward trend in the “ official ” graph of its recent temperatures — while the country ’s raw temperature data show no warming .
Now researchers are digging into the Hadley data to find if the rest of the world ’s climate data have been similarly “ adjusted . ”
But Der Speigel , the German news magazine , tried to blow the whistle on this climate fraud more than two years ago .
In May of 2007 , it published a story titled , “ Not the End of the World As We Know It . ”
The story pointed out that Svente Arrhenius , the Swedish chemist who first posited the Greenhouse , had seen global warming as a good thing , with “ better climates ” potentially making poor harvests and famine a thing of the past .
Der Spiegel noted how previous cold periods — including the Little Ice Age that began in 1300 — were too cold for grain to mature properly .
In Germany , thousands of mountain villages and huge tracts of farmland were abandoned due to the cold .
“ When global temperatures plunged unexpectedly again in the 1960s , many meteorologists were quick to warn people about the coming of a new ice age — supposedly triggered by man-made air pollution .
Hardly anyone at the time believed that a warming period could pose a threat . ”
“ It was not until the rise of the environmental movement in the 1980s that everything suddenly changed , ” said the Speigel article .
“ From then on it was almost a foregone conclusion that global warming could only be perceived as a disaster for the earth ’s climate . . . ”
The wildlife going extinct ?
Speigel said , “ Additionally , some environmentalists doubt that the large - scale extinction of animals and plants some have predicted will in fact come about .
‘ A warmer climate helps promote species diversity , ’ says Munich zoologist Josef Reichholf . ’ ”
“ According to another persistent greenhouse legend , massive flooding will strike major coastal cities , raising horrific scenarios of New York , London and Shanghai sinking into the tide . . . but it quickly became apparent that the horrific talk of a melting South Pole was nothing but fiction .
The average temperature in the Antarctic is - 30 degrees Celsius .
Humanity cannot possibly burn enough oil and coal to melt this giant block of ice .
On the contrary , current climate models suggest that the Antarctic will even increase in mass : Global warming will cause more water to evaporate , and part of the moisture will fall as snow over Antarctic , causing the ice shield to grow . ”
Der Speigel even had a follow - up interview the next day with biologist Reichholf , who pointed out that “ biodiversity reached its peak at the end of the tertiary age , a few million years ago , when it was much warmer than it is today .
The development went in a completely different direction when the ice ages came and temperatures dropped , causing a massive extinction of species , especially in the north . ”
Two years ago , Germany was apparently not ready to accept Der Speigel ’s answer to the “ global warming problem . ”
None of the world ’s other major media quoted the article , or picked up the theme .
Today , only Fox News , among the world ’s major media , has dared to look at the Hadley Center information as a real news story .
Must we wait for the huge new energy taxes to be imposed by the Congress before we take the evidence of climate fraud seriously ?
Flying over the waves of snow - covered mountains that make Afghanistan a natural fortress and a sinkhole for empires , it ’s impossible not to think of Osama ’s escaping from Tora Bora as one of the greatest bungled opportunities in history .
Unlike the Bushies , who tried to play down Osama ’s importance the longer he was on the lam , Gen. Stanley McChrystal acknowledged in recent Congressional hearings that “ he is an iconic figure . ”
“ It would not defeat Al Qaeda to have him captured or killed , ” he said , “ but I do n’t think that we can finally defeat Al Qaeda until he is captured or killed . ”
I asked Bob Gates , as we flew over the notorious terrain , if he had any insights into why such a bellicose team as W. , Cheney and Rummy flinched at the very moment they could have captured our mortal enemy .
Gates , who said there has n’t been any good intelligence on Osama ’s whereabouts in years , said “ it ’s just hard to find somebody who has a sympathetic network and local support . ”
If you have ever programmed using Java IO , you will quickly run into a situation in which a class creates data on an OutputStream and you need to send it to another class that expects to read the data from an input stream .
You 'll soon be asking the question , " How do I convert an OutputStream to an InputStream ? "
Nowhere in Java will you find a OutpStreamToInputStreamConverter class .
Luckily , there are several ways to go about this .
Method 1 : Buffer the data using a byte array
The easiest method is to buffer the data using a byte array .
The code will look something like this :
ByteArrayOutputStream out = new ByteArrayOutputStream ( ) ; class1.putDataOnOutputStream(out ) ; class2.processDataFromInputStream ( new ByteArrayInputStream( out.toByteArray ( ) ) ) ;
That 's it !
The OutputStream has been converted to an InputStream .
Method 2 : Use pipes
The problem with the first method is that you must actually have enough memory to buffer the entire amount of data .
You could buffer larger amounts of data by using the filesystem rather than memory , but either way there is a hard limit to the size of the data that can be handled .
The solution is create a thread to produce the data to the PipedOutputStream .
The current thread can then read the data as it comes in .
PipedInputStream in = new PipedInputStream ( ) ; PipedOutputStream out = new PipedOutputStream ( in ) ; new Thread ( new Runnable ( ) { public void run ( ) { class1.putDataOnOutputStream( out ) ; } } ) .start ( ) ; class2.processDataFromInputStream(in ) ;
Method 3 : Use Circular Buffers
The two piped streams in method two actually manage a hidden circular buffer .
It is conceptually easier to use an explicit Circular Buffer .
CircularBuffers offer several advantages :
One CircularBuffer class rather than two pipe classes .
It is easier to convert between the " buffer all data " and " extra threads " approaches .
You can change the buffer size rather than relying on the hard - coded 1 k of buffer in the pipes .
Multiple Threaded Example of a Circular Buffer
CircularByteBuffer cbb = new CircularByteBuffer ( ) ; new Thread ( new Runnable ( ) { public void run ( ) { class1.putDataOnOutputStream(cbb.getOutputStream ( ) ) ; } } ) .start ( ) ; class2.processDataFromInputStream(cbb.getInputStream ( ) ) ;
Single Threaded Example of a Circular Buffer
With the unfaltering understanding and completely non judgemental attitudes of my counsellor , Dr Vinaya … … helped me put the pieces of my life together
Counseling has been such an enriching experience !
Yet when I attempt to put down in writing what the process did for me , I do n’t quite know where to begin .
It was at one of those coffee breaks at the work place when a friend casually mentioned that she was undergoing counseling .
As I was to learn later during my own counseling sessions , there is a reason for everything that happens in the universe .
This chat with my friend was a precursor of things to come .
Barely a few weeks later , my very carefully constructed world came crashing down .
I blindly turned to my friend and told her to take me to her counselor .
She did .
Thus began a journey I have now come to cherish .
A journey that took me into myself – a place I had not been to before .
It was anything but a joyride .
But with the unfaltering understanding and the completely non-judgmental attitude of my counselor , Vinaya , as my crutches , I managed to hang in there .
Bit by bit , she helped me put back the pieces of my life together .
She helped me gain insights into my behaviour patterns and “ see ” why I was behaving in ways that were more disruptive than helpful .
Together we unearthed some of my belief systems that had been leading me to behave in ways that were unpleasant .
And when I saw why I was doing what I was doing , I knew that I simply had to change .
And change I did .
Now when I look back , I feel that the change happened so very subtly , without my even knowing it .
This was obviously thanks to Vinaya ’s skills , her gentle but firm approach , the deftness with which she used the theories and processes inherent to counseling , the shrewdness coupled with extreme practicality with which she taught me to deal with situations – all of which helped me understand myself .
This improved vision that I had of myself also meant that I got to see better , literally .
For years , I had been a slave to high powered contact lenses ( I was very short sighted ) .
As a child , I had been diagnosed with glaucoma , an eye condition whereby the pressure in the eyes increases to the extent that it affects vision .
And glaucoma is known to eventually lead to blindness .
Since I had contracted the disease very early in life ( I was 12 when it was detected ) , the chances of my becoming blind at an early age too were pretty high .
To make matters worse , I developed cataract in both my eyes when I stepped into my thirties .
So there I was , blindly walking towards blindness , with no clue as to what to do about it except follow the doctor ’s advice to the T .
Sure , a doctor ’s prescriptions do help , but as I now know , they only deal with the surface condition .
It needs to be coupled with therapy to get to the real reason behind the ailment and when that happens , you do heal .
Vinaya taught me that real power , real vision , lies behind the eyes , not within the eyes .
It is the way we look at life , at ourselves , at the significant others in our life , which determines how well we can see .
As I ’ve said earlier , the events in our lives take place in an order that is predestined , in an order that defies human logic .
As things turned out , the surgery to remove the cataract in my eyes was scheduled shortly after my therapy sessions concluded .
I must confess that though I did believe that therapy had enriched my life , I still did not realize the full extent to which it had .
This is something I “ saw ” only after my surgery .
I say this because my vision has never been as good as it is now .
My power has come down to - 1 from - 12 in one eye and - 15 in the other .
I can now see clearly without any visual aids .
It is only in very poor light , if at all , that I need to put on my glasses .
And all this I attribute wholly to the fact that the lady who walked into the operation theatre was a very different person from the lady who ’d been groping her way through life before she went in for therapy .
It was a new me who walked out from the operation theatre !
Just as it is a new me who drives a car with considerable ease today .
I had undertaken driving lessons on two occasions many years earlier .
Once the lessons were done , however , my driving was also done .
I never ever sat behind the wheel again .
Why would I ?
I did not have control over my life , did not have a sense of direction and instead was letting all my debilitating beliefs rule my life .
But now , I do know better .
I know what it is that I want from myself .
I have a far greater sense of control and power over myself .
Sure , I will make my mistakes .
I am human after all .
But I do know that I will learn from my mistakes and only move forward .
Naturally , this time after I finished with my formal driving lessons , I continued to drive and even enjoy the experience .
I did start by saying that I did not know where to begin .
Having started however , I am loathe to stop .
There ’s still a lot more for me to say about the process of therapy and what it has done for me .
But no matter how much I speak and what I may say , you will have to undergo the process to be able to fully appreciate what it can do for you .
It is not as if counseling has to be resorted to only in an attempt to deal with debilitating physical or emotional traumas .
The process in fact equips you with the life skills that will enable you to function from a higher level even when dealing with simple everyday situations and issues .
Spammers , Evildoers , and Opportunists
Search Engine Optimization is not a legitimate form of marketing .
It should not be undertaken by people with brains or souls .
If someone charges you for SEO , you have been conned .
First came the web , and it was a mess .
Servers went up everywhere , the net connected them all , pages bloomed like flowers , and no one could find a damn thing .
Then came the search engines .
First primitive indexes of dumb keywords , then Google with its rankings of most - linked pages , we were finally able to find the pages we needed , mostly .
The ascendency of Google has meant that , if your goal is to get the most eyeballs possible ( as any ad - supported media business ’ goal is ) , then prominent placement in the search engine results became a top priority .
And so , like the goat sacrificers and snake oil salesmen before them , a new breed of con man was born , the Search Engine Optimizer .
These scammers claim that they can dance the magic dance that will please the Google Gods and make eyeballs rain down upon you .
Do. Not. Trust .
Them .
The problem with SEO is that the good advice is obvious , the rest does n’t work , and it ’s poisoning the web .
I ’m going to tell you about the problems , and then tell you the one true way to generate traffic on the web , based on my own 14 years of hits and misses .
1 . The good advice is obvious , the rest does n’t work .
Look under the hood of any SEO plan and you ’ll find advice like this : make sure to use keywords in the headline , use proper formatting , provide summaries of the content , include links to relevant information .
All of this is a good idea , and none of it is a secret .
It ’s so obvious , anyone who pays for it is a fool .
Occasionally a darkside SEO master may find some loophole in the Google algorithm to exploit , which might actually lead to an increase in traffic .
But that ill - gotten traffic gain wo n’t last long .
Google changes the way it ranks its index monthly ( if not more ) , so even if some SEO technique worked , and usually they do n’t , it ’ll last for a couple weeks , tops .
And when they do reindex , if they determine that you ’ve been acting in bad faith ( like hiding links or keywords or other deceptive practices ) they ’ll drop you like a hot rock .
So a temporary gain may result in a lifetime ban .
In the end , you ’re sacrificing your brand integrity in a Faustian bargain for an increase in traffic that wo n’t last the month .
And how valuable was that increase , anyway ?
If you ’re tricking people into visiting your site , those visits are going to be bad experiences .
2. SEO is poisoning the web .
Google ’s ranking algorithm is based on links .
So the most effective way to game their system is to plant links on as many sites as possible , all pointing to your site , linked from specific keywords .
This is called Google bombing .
SEO cockroaches employ botnets , third - world labor , and zombie computers to blanket the web with link spam .
99 % of spam comments to blogs are these kind of links .
The target of these links is not the blog readers , it ’s Google .
SEO bastards are behind worms that attack blog services like Blogger , WordPress , and Movable Type .
Some hack into the blog templates themselves to insert links that are hidden from the readers of that blog , but visible to a Google crawler .
And they create programs to grab expired domain names , automatically create websites , filling the pages with content stolen from RSS feeds , creating billions of bad results for users .
It ’s a game , and every link is a score for the SEO jerkwads and their disreputable clients .
And every time they win , those of us trying to create quality work and good experiences on the web lose .
Worse than the hackers are the competent journalists and site creators that are making legitimate content online , but get seduced by the SEO dark side into thinking they need to create content for Google instead of for their readers .
It dumbs - down the content , which turns off your real audience , which ultimately makes you less valuable to advertisers .
If you want to know why there ’s so much remnant advertising on online news sites , it ’s because you ’re treating the stories like remnants already .
Remember this :
It ’s not your job to create content for Google .
it ’s their job to find the best of the web for their results .
Your audience is your readers , not Google ’s algorithm .
The One True Way
Which brings us , finally , to the One True Way to get a lot of traffic on the web .
It ’s pretty simple , and I ’m going to give it to you here , for free :
Make something great .
Tell people about it .
Do it again .
That ’s it .
Make something you believe in .
Make it beautiful , confident , and real .
Sweat every detail .
If it ’s not getting traffic , maybe it was n’t good enough .
Try again .
Then tell people about it .
Start with your friends .
Send them a personal note – not an automated blast from a spam cannon .
Post it to your Twitter feed , email list , personal blog .
( Do n’t have those things ?
Start them . )
Tell people who give a shit – not strangers .
Tell them why it matters to you .
Find the places where your community congregates online and participate .
Connect with them like a person , not a corporation .
Engage .
Be real .
Then do it again .
And again .
You ’ll build a reputation for doing good work , meaning what you say , and building trust .
It ’ll take time .
A lot of time .
But it works .
And it ’s the only thing that does .
+
UPDATE 1 : SEO FAQ
UPDATE 2 : The Green Hair Theory
New Study Finds Colloidal Silver Superior to Popular Anti-fungal Drugs
As excerpted from http://colloidalsilversecrets.blogspot.com/
New Study Proves Colloidal Silver Decimates Fungal Pathogens ; Even Superior to Popular Anti-Fungal Drugs
A recent study ( see study overview at the end of this article ) conducted by the Department of Microbiology at Kyungpook National University in Daegu , Korea , and published in the prestigious Journal of Microbiology and Biotechnology , demonstrates what tens of thousands of colloidal silver users have already known for years , i.e. , colloidal silver is one of the most powerful and effective natural anti-fungal agents in the world .
The study authors tested silver nanoparticles ( read : colloidal silver ) against the Candida species of fungus ( the chief culprit in women ’s vaginal yeast infections and the more sinister chronic candidiasis syndrome ) as well as the Trichophyton species ( the most common cause of athlete 's foot , jock itch and ringworm , as well as hair and nail fungal infections in humans ) .
What they discovered is that the silver particles “ showed potent activity against clinical isolates and ATCC strains ” of the fungal pathogens .
What this means is silver was equally effective against lab - grown strains of the fungal pathogens and strains isolated from infected specimens .
Colloidal Silver Even Beats Diflucan
The study authors also found that silver was comparable in effectiveness to Amphotericin B , one of the most powerful prescription antifungal drugs known to man , which is often used intravenously to cure serious systemic fungal infections .
What ’s more , silver was found to be superior in effectiveness to the well - known anti-fungal drug fluconazole ( popularly known as Diflucan ) .
Treating Fungal Infections With Colloidal Silver
This is of course nothing new to experienced colloidal silver users .
They frequently use this powerful natural antibiotic to heal fungal infections of all sorts .
For example , it is now well known that many nasty cases of dandruff are actually topical fungal skin infections in disguise .
What ’s not as well known publicly is that colloidal silver , put into a simple pump spray bottle and sprayed lightly on the head each morning after drying your hair from the shower will eliminate such topical stealth fungal infections in a matter of days !
Fungal infections of the inner ear can likewise be cured in only a few short days simply by putting a few drops of colloidal silver into the ears each day for several days in a row , allowing it to seep down into the ear for ten of fifteen minutes before draining it back out .
Likewise , fungal infections of the eyes can be healed practically overnight , simply by putting a couple of drops of colloidal silver directly into the eyes , several times a day .
( Similarly , Pink Eye can also be eradicated in a few short days using the same technique .
And it works great for styes too , which many doctors believe are simply staph infections in the eye . )
Thrush mouth , which is simply a Candida “ yeast ” fungal overgrowth in the mouth , and is often characterized by a white tongue , can be rapidly cured by using colloidal silver .
Simply swish a tablespoonful of colloidal silver around in your mouth two or three times a day , for a good five minutes each time .
You can swallow afterwards , or simply spit it out if you prefer .
Do this especially after any meal in which sugary products have been consumed .
You ’ll find the “ thrush ” symptoms diminishing within a few short days , and eradicated within a week or two .
Athlete ’s foot and stubborn toenail fungal infections can also be wiped out by using colloidal silver instead of potentially harmful antifungal drugs that have been known to harm the liver .
Simply take a glass baking dish ( such as the ones used for baking cakes ) and pour an inch and half or so of colloidal silver into it .
Then soak your feet for about 30 minutes while watching television or reading a book .
Athlete ’s foot can be eradicated in a few short days following this simple method .
But stubborn toenail fungal infections may take up to three weeks , or even a bit longer .
Nevertheless , you ’ll soon notice nice , clear new nails growing in where the old yellowy , or gray - green infected nails were .
Trim the old infected toenail away as it grows out naturally , and let the beautiful new , uninfected nail grow in normally .
Vaginal and Systemic Candida Yeast Infections
Perhaps the most widely known use of colloidal silver for fungal infections is its use by women who suffer from chronic vaginal Candida yeast infections , or systemic Candida yeast infections .
Women frequently use larger than normal doses of colloidal silver for a few weeks -- anywhere from two to four ounces daily of a 10 ppm solution –in order to rid themselves of nasty Candida yeast infections .
Internal use of colloidal silver like that against deep - seated fungal infections such as Candida yeast can be amazingly effective .
However , for maximum success you absolutely have to remember to re-establish your body ’s natural intestinal flora during and after the treatment period .
Contrary to popular belief , colloidal silver does not know the difference between the beneficial bacteria that inhabit your intestinal tract , aiding in digestion and contributing to the body ’s overall immune status , and the nasty fungal and microbial pathogens that compete for turf in the same region and wreak havoc on your health .
Generally speaking , colloidal silver kills all single - celled microbes it comes into contact with , good and bad alike .
And if you are taking larger - than - normal daily amounts of colloidal silver ( such as three or four ounces a day rather than several small teaspoons full per day ) in order to stop a nasty internal fungal infection , you can wipe out a large portion of your body ’s beneficial micro-flora along with the fungal pathogens you ’re after .
And because Candida yeast and other fungal pathogens are such rapid colonizers if there are no beneficial microorganisms in the intestinal tract to form a competitive barrier against them , all of your efforts to heal a Candida yeast infection can end up being for naught .
The relatively large daily dose of colloidal silver will kill everything in its track , so to speak .
And then when the treatment is finished , the Candida yeast fungus can step back in and re-colonize your entire intestinal tract , potentially leaving you in worse shape than when you started .
The simple solution is this :
If you find that you have to use larger - than - normal daily amounts of colloidal silver internally to rid yourself of a persistent or deep - seated Candida yeast infection , be sure to re-colonize your digestive tract daily with Lactobacillus acidophilus , Bifidobacterium and other beneficial microbes that are native to the intestinal tract .
By doing so daily , during the entire colloidal silver treatment period and for a week or so afterwards , you will completely stop the Candida fungal pathogen from re-establishing colonies in your digestive tract .
You can do this by taking commercial supplements containing beneficial microbes , such as one called I - Flora from Sedona Labs which contains a “ grid ” of 16 different beneficial microorganisms that are native to the human intestinal tract .
Or you can do so by eating moderate daily portions of high - quality yogurt containing high levels of active beneficial bacterial cultures .
You can purchase supplements containing high levels of beneficial bacterial at just about any good health food store .
Or you can get high - quality yogurt with active beneficial bacterial cultures at health food store as well as many larger chain supermarkets .
One of Nature ’s Most Astonishing Remedies Against Fungal Infections
With that simple caveat , you ’ll probably find , like many thousands of other people have , that colloidal silver is one of nature ’s most astonishing remedies against fungal infections .
Perhaps that is why colloidal silver is one of the top - recommended products for healing stubborn fungal infections mentioned in the best - selling book , Prescription for Nutritional Healing by certified nutrition counselor Phyllis A. Balch and her husband Dr. James F. Balch , M.D. , who recommend it for everything from athlete ’s foot to Candidiasis .
The Study Overview
Directly below you ’ll find the brief overview I promised of the new university medical study which amply demonstrates colloidal silver ’s incredible effectiveness against fungal pathogens of the Candida and Trichophyton species .
It is too bad the U.S. medical community refuses to embrace this vital , peer - reviewed information .
If they did , they could pretty much help put an end to today ’s growing epidemic of fungal infections , which can cause diseases ranging from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and fibromyalgia to serious immune system deficiencies , cancer and other life - threatening conditions .
The intransigence of the medical community in regards to its refusal to embrace colloidal silver even in the face of a growing body of new studies proving its effectiveness is due chiefly to the overwhelming influence wielded by the huge multi-billion dollar pharmaceutical corporations .
Big Pharma simply does not want to see any relatively inexpensive , safe and natural nutritional supplement competing with their expensive and potentially harmful prescription antifungal , antiviral and antibiotic drugs .
So that ’s where things stand .
And it is largely why bureaucrats in the U.S. EPA and FDA are working so hard to re-classify beneficial silver nanoparticles ( read : colloidal silver ) as a “ pesticide , ” so they can regulate this safe , natural substance into oblivion at the behest of the big pharmaceutical companies .
( See the latest blog post on this topic here . )
They do n’t want you to know what researchers in other parts of the world are confirming in droves , i.e. , that safe , natural colloidal silver is simply the most powerful natural pathogen killer on the face of the earth .
J Microbiol Biotechnol .
2008 Aug;18(8) :1482-4 .
Antifungal effect of silver nanoparticles on dermatophytes .
Kim KJ , Sung WS , Moon SK , Choi JS , Kim JG , Lee DG .
Department of Microbiology , College of Natural Scienes , Kyungpook National University , Daegu 702-701 , Korea .
Spherical silver nanoparticles ( nano - Ag ) were synthesized and their antifungal effects on fungal pathogens of the skin were investigated .
Nano - Ag showed potent activity against clinical isolates and ATCC strains of Trichophyton mentagrophytes and Candida species ( IC80 , 1 - 7 microg / ml ) .
The activity of nano - Ag was comparable to that of amphotericin B , but superior to that of fluconazole ( amphotericin B IC80 , 1 - 5 microg / ml ; fluconazole IC80 , 10 - 30 microg / ml ) .
Additionally , we investigated their effects on the dimorphism of Candida albicans .
The results showed nano - Ag exerted activity on the mycelia .
Thus , the present study indicates nano - Ag may have considerable antifungal activity , deserving further investigation for clinical applications .
Gaza Love Story The Bride Who Crawled Through a Tunnel
He lived in the Gaza Strip , she in the West Bank .
It seemed as though the Israeli blockade would prevent their marriage .
Then May risked her life to crawl through a smugglers ' tunnel into Gaza and join Mohammed .
Now they face an uncertain future together .
iOS / iPhone Apps Development Company
IADI is a leading professional iPhone application development company offering custom iOS apps and games development services .
Our team of expert iPhone application developers and designers craft visually stunning and intuitive iPhone apps that exceed clients expectations , increase brand awareness and improve ROI .
i Phone App Development Company - IADI has been a trusted partner to businesses worldwide for their iPhone application development services requirements across diverse industry verticals .
Whether you are looking for native iPhone application development or upgrading your current app to the latest iOS technology ; iPhone app migration or iPhone app maintenance , our dedicated team of iPhone app programmers will be ready to meet your needs .
As one of the leading iPhone app development companies in India , we collaborate with you at different stages - right from conception , design , development , and deployment in the App Store .
We have developed iPhone apps that have been featured in the App Store and downloaded by millions of users for different categories .
At IADI ( iPhone App Development Company ) , you can hire iPhone app developer according to your requirements on full - time , part - time and hourly basis for your dream iPhone app project .
Our expert app developers , creative iPhone designers and strategists will help you build best iPhone application that will rule the app world .
Got an app idea ?
Let ’s work together .
my best friends story
' about 10 years ago , when thy was 12 my cousin introduced me to hentai i was indeed intrigued
however i got bored watching the people do it and at the age of 16 found out about fapping the slang for masturbation .
i began attempting to hold on to keep the orgasm holding for longer however it just faded away cause the people stopped when i was about half way through my burst .
then i found out about games .
i was very reluctant due to the thought of everyone calling me a porn addict .
so i layed it off until i left school ... then the worst / best moment of my life happened one day i accidentally ( unintentionally ) got my crush pregnant ( forgetting to wear a condom )
then i had a daughter almost 6 months later .
we then got married after to stop our parents from separating us then COVID happened .
i'd say my wife is a sex addict wearing erotic costumes and laying down in horny poses .
i was n't into sex like that but she always managed to pin me down i then looked her up and down whenever she went to sleep .
she always placed her hand on her vagina rubbing it up and down .
i was awake worried about her so the moment sex therapy opened i took her .
we argued when we got back , just argued , squabbled .
i just had enough ' this is what you wanted bitch ' where the last words i muttered i tore off her knickers which where wet cause she was clearly rubbing in the restrooms and shoved my dick up her pussy ... unaware my daughter was watching .
i kept on going cumming around 6 times before moving on to her ass .
i looked at her her face was blank tears rolled down her face , my ball - sacks still pounding against her butt .
then i stopped leaving her on the ground sperm pouring from both holes .
i went to bathe when i found my daughter right there .
at that point knowing how bad minded my wife was i ran off with my daughter .
i stayed with my close friend whom i still live with and i stayed .
all the characters from this game remind me of the day i viciously sexed her up . '
' raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ... what a story ' i be saying
he be like ' yeah , ' then he asked ' is cum red ? '
The USA is in big trouble .
The source of that trouble is the fact that our system of political representation has been corrup ted and fails to represent the interest of the general public .
Many of us have an idea or two about changes to laws and regulations that should be made .
However , changes that serve the interest of we the people have no chance of being implemented unless they fit with the agenda of those who rule .
The instrument of control used by those who rule is the power possessed by the two political parties .
Those who rule TELL legislators and executives what to do .
Following orders insures retention regardless of what else one does .
If orders are not obeyed discharge will follow .
Most often discharge of elected politicians is effected by withholding campaign funds from the party employee to be fired and then creating an opponent and supplying funds to the new hire .
All party candidates are selected from those likely to follow orders .
Evidence to support my thesis is contained in a detailed examination of the voting to pass the unpopular GATT and NAFTA measures .
Those that rule wanted these two bills passed .
Suspend for a moment your positions on GATT and NAFTA and focus on the method used to gain passage .
Examination shows an unusual voting pattern .
Yeas and nays are scattered across the political spectrum .
Normally you find more than 90 % , if not 100 % , of each side of a vote tally was cast by members of one party .
Not the case for GATT and NAFTA .
Here the process to decide who voted yea and who voted nay produced a different pattern .
It was the same within each house .
Members districts were ranked as to the expected damage due to a yes vote on these unpopular bills .
Members highest on the list were allowed to vote no , up to the limit allowing passage .
The rest were commanded to vote yes .
This approach is used whenever an unpopular measure is forced to pass .
The success of this method is evidenced by the few yeas for unpopular bills who are defeated when they next run .
Think of those who rule as a holding company with two subsidiary corporations .
Those two held corporations are the Republicats and the Demoblicans .
Each election “ We The People ” are offered the choice between two employees of held corporations .
Some choice .
A law maker should be the employee of those in the district represented .
The chief executive should be selected in a reasoned process representing the interests of the nation as a whole .
The current system is designed to make us believe there is an actual contest for who shall rule and that we the people decide .
The board of directors for each coroporation / party are the same individulas .
The leaders of each party are not among those who rule .
They are the equivalent of CEOs of subsidiary corporations serving at the pleasure of the holding company or the Ruling Trust to phrase it in late nineteenth century economic terms .
Plutocrats is a proper term for those who rule .
Names will be supplied in a subsequent chapter .
For now I want the focus to be on function and not on personalities .
How do we set right the ship of state ?
To right it we must first understand how the selection of elected officials was meant to function and then learn how it was corrupted .
The creators of our Constitution , recognizing the partisanship fostered by political parties , rejected a parliamentary system as used in England .
They chose a system of two legislative houses without executive responsibility .
A house to represent the interests of the people and a house to represent the interests of the states .
They added an independent executive not requiring a political party for selection or support .
The reasons that a parliamentary system was rejected are related to the absence or requirement for political parties .
In a nation run by a parliament the government falls if the leader fails to hold a majority .
To hold this majority the leader must process powers of political control .
Top down political control comes from an organized political party .
Those who rule a political party select or approve who will stand for election .
The principles and logic of the political philosophy of Sovereignism shaped all that was created in our Federal Constitution .
The definitions , principles and logic of Sovereignism need to be stated to guide us in analysis of what has happened and in the design of what we must do .
A sovereign is the one who decides , thus the one who controls .
A sovereign can be a person or an organization .
Our revolution had replaced the sovereignty of King George with the sovereignty of the people .
Total sovereignty held by all is anarchy .
So in the interest of peace , safety and order the people must delegate sovereignty over law making , law enforcement , disputes and defense .
This delegated power to decide is assigned to City , County , State and Federal governments .
The people obtain , in exchange , the collective power of selecting who will represent their interests in the bodies and positions receiving the delegated sovereignty .
The elected are then responsible to care for the interests of those they represent .
The sad tale of how this “ people 's power of selection ” was stolen by the political parties is a story of how a corruption of political power evolves bit by bit until the original design is only a facade .
It is also a tale of how failed assumptions and crucial missing details of our Constitution allowed such a corruption .
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
THE girl caught on camera rolling her eyes at Susan Boyle 's TV debut told yesterday how a vicious backlash ruined her life .
Jennifer Byrne , 18 , was nicknamed the 1.24 Girl after she was filmed sneering at Susan 's appearance on the Britain ' Got Talent stage .
Watch the video of Susan 's debut here .
She endured months of " horrible " online threats from all over the world and was even filmed by a stranger on a train .
But Jennifer told the Sunday Mail she 's a great fan of Susan , and insisted the show 's producers unfairly singled her out by putting her face on air .
The young hairdresser spoke out as Susan prepared to appear on tonight 's X Factor , in the run-up to the release of her debut album tomorrow .
In her first in - depth interview , Jennifer said : " It was a split - second reaction that changed my life .
All I did was roll my eyes and I 'm targeted by a hate campaign for months .
" I just can't believe how I have been targeted by total strangers around the world who do n't even know what kind of person I am .
" I really did n't mean any harm .
I think Susan 's a fantastic singer who deserves all of her success .
" I 've been pretty shocked by it all and I really just want it all to stop now .
They could have filmed 100 people around me with exactly the same expressions . "
Jennifer was nicknamed the 1.24 Girl after making her face a minute and 24 seconds into the YouTube clip that made Susan a star .
Her reaction as Susan wiggled her hips on stage at Glasgow 's SECC in January was seen by 120 million people worldwide .
And the youngster was horrified by the hate campaign it sparked .
Within days of the clip being broadcast , Jennifer 's Facebook page was swamped with vicious messages .
And strangers contacted her pals with threats including , " That wee bitch will burn in hell " , and , " Anyone smacked the bitch yet ? "
Jennifer , 18 , who works in a salon near Glasgow , said : " Going to the BGT auditions was supposed to be a great night out with pals .
I can't believe how it all turned out .
" What really bothers me is how the production company only kept in that split - second shot of me when there were hundreds of other people doing exactly the same thing .
" The moment Susan started to sing I did what everyone else in the audience did .
I jumped to my feet and started cheering because her voice was so unbelievable . "
Jennifer went to the auditions with eight of her friends .
And she revealed that their seats were swapped at the last minute by production staff who asked if they wanted to be near a camera .
She recalled : " We were quite near the front so we had a really good view .
" I knew that the camera was close by us , but as the night went on we forgot it was there because we were just having such a good time .
" When Susan came on , everyone in the audience thought she looked a bit odd , wiggling her hips to the judges .
" Everybody thought her audition was going to be a disaster ?
there had been some terrible ones earlier .
" She just looked a bit out of place .
Some people near us were shouting to her before she had even started singing .
" But when she sang , we all just jumped to our feet .
And as soon as I got home I told my mum about this amazing singer and how she could probably win the competition .
" What really annoys me is that the producers did n't show me when I was up clapping and cheering Susan .
It looks as though I did n't appreciate her , which is not true . "
Jennifer was stunned three months later when Susan 's debut was shown on TV and her face appeared on the screen .
She said : " We were all sitting watching it and then suddenly my face popped up .
I could n't believe it .
" All my pals started texting saying they 'd seen me .
But even then I said to my mum , ' Why did they show me looking like that ?'
" Within a few days people started messaging me on the internet with some really nasty stuff .
" They were saying things like , ' Let 's get the bitch ' , and , ' We 'll hunt her down and slap her ' .
" It was really upsetting to see such horrible things being said about you .
" Over the weeks and months it got worse and worse .
One day I was on the train and somebody recognised me and started to try to film me on their mobile phone .
" It was pretty spooky .
At one point my pal put a jumper over my head just to stop them . "
The clip showing Jennifer became one of the most popular online , and she image was even booed by the audience when it was shown on the Oprah Winfrey show in the US .
Supporters of Susan set up a Facebook page attacking Jennifer , and she is still being slammed in online forums after almost a year .
Jennifer believes she has been given a far harder time than other critics of Susan , including former X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne .
Sharon was forced to apologise after telling a US interviewer that Susan looked like she had been " hit by an ugly stick " .
And Jennifer claimed : " It 's pretty shocking when you see the really horrible stuff she said and she escaped with a quick apology . "
Susan herself spoke up for Jennifer earlier this year .
She told the youngster 's critics : " Leave the poor girl alone .
She had the same reaction as the judges and everyone else and she does n't deserve to be singled out . "
" It really meant a lot when Susan defended me , " Jennifer said .
" At least she 's knows I 'm a big fan . "
Despite the trouble the show has caused her , Jennifer says she 's still mad about Britain 's Got Talent .
" I love all these kinds of shows , " she said .
" I 've applied for tickets for the auditions in Glasgow again next year but I wo n't be sitting anywhere near any cameras ! "
Producers from Simon Cowell 's Syco Productions want Jennifer to appear in a forthcoming documentary about Susan 's rise to stardom .
But she said : " I 'm not that keen .
I 'm scared that they could edit it again to make me look bad .
" I really just hope all this will go away and I can get on with my life now . "
Want to get really rich ?
Go back in time and trade stocks with full knowledge of the future .
Well , you can't do that , but if you could , here 's a guide .
Eddy Elfenbein over at Crossing Wall Street compiled the following list of top performing stocks since January 1st , 2000 .
The criteria for the list was dead simple :
" Any stock traded on a US exchange that had a price of at least 50 cents on 12/31/99 . "
To have bet on these stocks ten years ago would have made you incredibly rich .
So rich , in fact , that if you invested $ 10,000 in Green Mountain Coffee Roasters ten years ago , you 'd have earned $ 789,540 - a 7,895.4 % return on your investment .
So , whether you missed out or made the right calls ...
Have you enjoyed our lunar studies together this year ?
We hope you ’ve taken the time to follow the phases and to appreciate what you see .
Although it would be wonderful to end our this year ’s time together viewing the distant cosmos , something very cool is about to happen …
In 1982 , a second full Moon of the month was visible .
Known as a ‘‘ Blue Moon , ’’ the name does not refer to the Moon ’s color but reflects the rarity of the event and gives rise to the expression , ‘‘ once in a blue moon . ’’
The Blue Moon of 1982 was even more special because a total lunar eclipse also occurred ( for the United States ) then .
The image you see below has a strange significance as well .
Not only is it the absolute finest photo of the full Moon I have ever seen , but it was recorded at a year ’s end , too… on December 22 , 1999 by incomparable astrophotographer Rob Gendler .
That particular December ’s Moon was special for another reason , as the full phase occurred on the day of the winter solstice , within hours of lunar perigee and just one month away from a lunar eclipse .
Only a very small portion of the Moon ’s southern limb will be in the Earth ’s umbral shadow , but there will be a noticeable darkening visible over the Moon ’s face at the point of greatest eclipse .
Need more ?
Then know this eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short - lived series .
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days .
Afterwards it will begin shifting back about 10 days in sequential years .
Because of the date change , the Earth ’s shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events .
For the eclipse , the duration of the partial phase will last within two seconds of a hour long , while the penumbral duration from beginning to end will run about four hours and eleven minutes .
Penumbral contact will begin at 17:17:08 UT and umbral contact at 18:52:43 UT .
The moment of greatest depth of shadow will occur at 19:22:39 UT , 31 December 2009 .
It will be visible from all of Africa , Europe , Asia , and Australia .
What a wonderful way to end our year together .
. . at light speed !
Many thanks to Kostian Iftica for his “ Blue Moon ” image and to Robert Gendler .
Once again , I strongly encourage you to look at the hi-resolution image of “ A SkyGazer ’s Full Moon ” and Carpe Noctem , dudes …
Anti-immigration protest held in downtown area
About a dozen members of a group calling itself the Bay Area National Anarchists staged an anti-immigration protest in downtown Petaluma Saturday .
Andrew Yeoman of San Francisco , founder and spokesman for the group , said they were protesting “ the ongoing effects of legal and illegal immigration . ”
The group of about a dozen protesters gathered shortly after noon on the walkway on the east side of Petaluma Boulevard at Western Avenue and unfurled a large banner .
One of the protesters was dressed as Uncle Sam .
Yeoman said the group had contacted police in advance .
He said they used a bullhorn and also talked to people “ one on one . ”
Petaluma Police Lt. Mike Cook said that at 2:10 p.m. , the police department was told that people were blocking a downtown sidewalk during the protest .
A sergeant checked the situation out , and found that the protesters “ were behaving within their legal rights . ”
No other complaints were made , and no arrests were made .
2009 Edition Part 9 Figure 9B - 2. Regulatory Signs and Plaques for Bicycle Facilities
Figure 9B - 2. Regulatory Signs and Plaques for Bicycle Facilities
This figure illustrates 32 regulatory signs and plaques for bicycle facilities .
R1 - 1 is shown as an octagonal sign with a white border and the legend " STOP " in white on a red background .
R1 - 2 is shown as a downward - pointing equilateral triangle with a wide red border and the legend " YIELD " in red on a white background .
R3 -17 is shown as a horizontal rectangular black sign with a white border .
A white symbol of a bicycle is shown on the top two - thirds of the sign .
A white panel is shown on the bottom third of the sign with the words " BIKE LANE " in black .
R3 -17 aP is shown as a horizontal rectangular white plaque with a black border and the word " AHEAD " in black .
R3 -17 bP is shown as a horizontal rectangular white plaque with a black border and the word " ENDS " in black .
R4 - 1 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and the words " DO NOT PASS " in black on three lines .
R4 - 2 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and the words " PASS WITH CARE " in black on three lines .
R4 - 3 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and the words " SLOWER TRAFFIC KEEP RIGHT " in black on four lines .
R4 - 4 is shown as a horizontal rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows the words " BEGIN RIGHT TURN LANE " on two lines above a diagonal arrow pointing down and to the left above the words " YIELD TO BIKES . "
R4 - 7 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
At the top left corner of the sign , a depiction of the plan view of the nose of a traffic island is shown .
An upward - pointing arrow is shown on the sign , curving to depict movement to the right of the nose of the island .
R4 - 11 is shown as a square white sign with a black border and legend .
A black symbol of a bicycle is shown on the top half of the sign above the words " MAY USE FULL LANE " in black on two lines .
R4 -16 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and the words " KEEP RIGHT EXCEPT TO PASS " in black on four lines .
R5 - 1b is shown as a vertical rectangular red sign with a white border and legend .
It shows a white symbol of a bicycle above the words " WRONG WAY " on two lines .
R9 - 3 cP is shown as a square white plaque with a black border and the words " RIDE WITH TRAFFIC " in black on three lines .
It is shown directly below the R5 - 1 b sign .
R5 - 3 is shown as a square white sign with a black border and the words " NO MOTOR VEHICLES " in black on three lines .
R5 - 6 is shown as a square white sign with a black border .
A black symbol of a left - facing bicycle is shown with a red circle and diagonal red slash running from the upper left to the lower right superimposed on it .
R7 - 9 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a red border and the words " NO PARKING " in a panel in the top fourth of the sign .
The word " NO " is shown in large white letters on a red panel in the upper left quadrant of the sign to the left of the word " PARKING " in red .
Below this panel , the words " BIKE LANE " in red are shown on two lines .
R7 - 9a is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a red border and legend .
It shows a black letter " P " inside a red circle with a red diagonal slash superimposed on it above the words " BIKE LANE " in red on two lines .
R9 - 3 is shown as a square white sign with a black border and a black symbol of a walking person inside a red circle with a diagonal red slash superimposed on the symbol .
R9 - 5 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows a symbol of a bicycle above the words " USE PED SIGNAL " on three lines .
R9 - 6 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows a symbol of a bicycle above the words " YIELD TO PEDS " on three lines .
R9 - 7 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows the word " KEEP " in large letters on the top line , the words " LEFT " and " RIGHT " on the second line , with a symbol of a bicycle under the word " LEFT " and a symbol of a person walking under the word " RIGHT . "
A vertical black line separates the word " LEFT " and bicycle symbol from the word " RIGHT " and person walking symbol .
R9 - 13 is shown as a square white sign with a black border and a black symbol of a right - facing helmeted person roller - skating inside a red circle with a diagonal red slash superimposed on the symbol .
R9 - 14 is shown as a square white sign with a black border and a black symbol of a left - facing horse and rider inside a red circle with a diagonal red slash superimposed on the symbol .
R10 - 4 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows a black symbol of a left - facing hand with an extended index finger pushing a button .
This symbol is above the words " PUSH BUTTON FOR GREEN " in black on three lines above a green disc above a left - facing black arrow .
R10 - 22 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows the words " TO REQUEST GREEN " on the top two lines above the words " WAIT ON " to the left of a symbol of a person on a bicycle superimposed on a vertical black line .
R10 - 24 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows a black symbol of a bicycle above a symbol of a left - facing hand with an extended index finger pushing a button .
These symbols are above the words " PUSH BUTTON FOR GREEN LIGHT " in black on four lines .
R10 - 25 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows a black symbol of a left - facing hand with an extended index finger pushing a button .
This symbol is above the words " PUSH BUTTON TO TURN ON WARNING LIGHTS " in black on five lines .
R10 - 26 is shown as a vertical rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows a black symbol of a bicycle above a symbol of a left - facing hand with an extended index finger pushing a button .
These symbols are above the words " PUSH BUTTON FOR GREEN LIGHT " in black on four lines above a left - facing black arrow .
R15 - 1 is shown as composed of two horizontal rectangular white signs placed one on top of the other to form an " x , " denoting a crossbuck .
In black letters , the word " RAILROAD " is shown on the piece running from northwest to southeast , and the word " CROSSING " is shown on the piece running from southwest to northeast .
R15 - 2P is shown as an inverted T - shaped white plaque with the numeral " 3 " in black on the vertical part of the plaque above the word " TRACKS " in black on the horizontal part of the plaque .
R15 - 8 is shown as a horizontal rectangular white sign with a black border and legend .
It shows a two - direction horizontal black arrow above the word " LOOK " in black .
Back to Chapter 9B
Beschreibung
BITTE GEBEN SIE DIE GRÖßE DES LAPTOPS , DIE SIE DIES FÜR DIE DIMENSIONIERUNG SIND . 13 " , 15 " , 17 " ***
Produkt - Eigenschaften
* Hergestellt aus hochwertigem Vinyl 7 Jahre
* Messungen abweichen , um die Proportionen Ihres Notebooks passen .
Bitte angeben , welche Größe Laptop habt , 13 " / 15 " / 17 " / etc .
* Erhältlich in vielen anderen Farben .
Bitte mailen Sie Farbwahl oder schwarz gesendet werden .
* Wie immer : original - Artworks von Ivy Bee. Gestaltung Diebe Etsy gemeldet werden und werden von meinem Anwalt hören .
Ich benutze eine dauerhaft hochwertige Glanz Oberfläche Vinyl .
Aufkleber sind selbstklebend , so dass sie leicht anzuwenden und zu entfernen , hinterlässt keine Rückstände .
Dieses Material ist speziell für diese Anwendung hergestellt und dauert einen sehr lange Zeit im Freien .
Ich akzeptiere Paypal und Kreditkarten .
Wir akzeptieren Kreditkarten - Informationen per e-Mail .
___________________________________________________________
100 % Zufriedenheits - Garantie !
Wenn Sie mit Ihrer Bestellung unzufrieden sind , für die es aus irgendeinem Grund zu mir innerhalb von 7 Tagen für eine volle Rückerstattung des Kaufpreises zurück .
____________________________________________________________
Alle meine Entwürfe kann " personalisierte " , so lassen Sie es mich wissen , wenn Sie jedes Design größer oder kleiner möchten .
Ich kann auch benutzerdefinierte Arbeit tun .
Lassen
Sie mich wissen , Ihre Design - Ideen !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Politics Show East has been to a town in Sweden where 60 per cent of people leave their car at home .
In the town of Lund the majority of the population use bicycles and public transport .
Future of RDBMS is RAM Clouds & SSD
Rumors of the demise of relational database systems are greatly exaggerated .
The NoSQL movement is increasingly capturing the mindshare of the developers , all the while the academia have been talking about the move away from “ RDBMS as one size fits all ” for several years .
However , while the new storage engines are exciting to see , it is also important to recognize that relational databases still have a bright future ahead - RDBMS systems are headed into main memory , which changes the playing field all together .
Performance is only one aspect that influences the choice of a database .
Tree and graph structures are not easy to model within a relational structure , which in turn leads to complicated schemas and system overhead .
For that reason alone , document - stores ( Tokyo , CouchDB , MongoDB ) , graph stores ( Neo4J ) , and other alternative data structure databases ( Redis ) are finding fertile ground for adoption .
However , the end of “ RDBMS as one size fits all ” does not mean the end of relational systems all together .
It is too early to bury RDBMS in favor of No ( or Less ) SQL .
We just need to reset how we think about the RDBMS .
Disks are the New Tape
The evolution of disks has been extremely uneven over the last 25 years : disk capacity has increased 1000x , data transfer speeds increased 50x , while seek and rotational delays have only gone up by a factor of 2 .
Hence , if we only needed to transfer several hundred kilobytes of data in the mid 80 ’s to achieve good disk utilization , then today we need to read at least 10 MB of data to amortize the costs of seeking the data - refresh your memory on seek , rotational , and transfer times of our rusty hard drives .
When the best we can hope for is 100 - 200 IOPS out of a modern hard drive , the trend towards significantly larger block sizes begins to make a lot more sense .
Whereas your local filesystem is likely to use 4 or 8 kb blocks , systems such as Google ’s GFS and Hadoop ’s HDFS are opting out for 64MB + blocks in order to amortize the cost of seeking for the data - by using much larger blocks , the cost of seeks and access time is once again brought down to single digit percent figures over the transfer time .
Hence , as we generate and store more and more data , the role of the disks must inevitably become more archival .
Batch processing systems such as Map - Reduce are well suited for this world and are quickly replacing the old business intelligence ( BI ) systems for exactly these reasons .
In the meantime , the limitations imposed by the random access to disk mean that we need to reconsider the role of disk in our database systems .
OLTP is Headed Into Main Memory & Flash
An average random seek will take 5 - 10 ms when hitting the physical disk and hundreds of microseconds for accessing data from cache .
Compare that to a fixed cost of 5 - 10 microseconds for accessing data in RAM and the benefits of a 100 - 1000 x speed difference can be transformative .
Instead of treating memory as a cache , why not treat it as a primary data store ?
John Ousterhout and his co-authors outline a compelling argument for “ RAMCloud ” .
After all , if Facebook keeps over 80 % of their data in memcached , and Google stores entire indexes of the web in memory many times over , then your average database - backed application should easily fit and be able to take advantage of the pure memory model also .
The moment all of the data is available in memory , it is an entirely new game : access time and seek times become irrelevant ( no disk seeks ) , the value of optimizing for locality and access patterns is diminished by orders of magnitude , and in fact , entirely new and much richer query models can enable a new class of data - intensive applications .
In a world where the developer ’s time is orders of magnitude more expensive than the hardware ( a recent phenomenon ) , this also means faster iterations and less data - optimization overhead .
The downside to the RAMCloud is the equivalent order of magnitude increase in costs - RAM prices are dropping , but dollar for dollar , RAMCloud systems are still significantly more expensive .
Flash storage is an obvious compromise for both speed and price .
Theoretical access time for solid - state devices is on the order of 50 microseconds for reads , and 200 microseconds for writes .
However , in reality , wrapping solid - state storage in SATA - like hardware devices brings us back to ~200 microseconds for reads , or ~5000 IOPS .
Though , of course , innovation continues and devices such as FusionIO ’s PCI - E flash storage controller bring us back to 80 microsecond reads at a cost of ~ $ 11 per Gigabyte .
However , even the significantly higher hardware price point is often quickly offset once you factor in the saved developer time and adjacent benefits such as guaranteed performance independent of access patterns or data locality .
Database servers with 32GB and 64GB of RAM are no longer unusual , and when combined with SSDs , such as the system deployed at SmugMug , often offer a much easier upgrade path than switching your underlying database system to a NoSQL alternative .
Database Architecture for the RAMCloud
Migrating your data into RAM or Flash yields significant improvements via pure speedup in hardware , however , “ it is time for a complete rewrite ” argument still holds : majority of existing database systems are built with implicit assumptions for disk - backed storage .
These architectures optimize for disk - based indexing structures , and have to rely on multithreading and locking - based concurrency to hide latency of the underlying storage .
When access time is measured in microseconds , optimistic and lock - free concurrency is fair game , which leads to much better multi-core performance and allows us to drop thousands of lines of code for multi- threaded data structures ( concurrent B - Trees , etc ) .
RethinkDB is a drop - in MySQL engine designed for SSD drives leveraging exactly these trends , and Drizzle is a larger fork of the entire MySQL codebase aimed at optimizing the relational model for “ cloud and net applications ” : massively distributed , lightweight kernel and extensible .
Migrating Into Main Memory
Best of all , you can start leveraging the benefits of storing your data in main memory even with the existing MySQL databases - most of them are small enough to make the memory buffers nothing but a leaky abstraction .
Enable periodic flush to disk for InnoDB ( innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit=2 ) , and create covering indexes for your data ( a covering index is an index which itself contains all the required data to answer the query ) .
Issue a couple of warm - up requests to load the data into memory and you are off to the races .
Of course , the above strategy is at best an intermediate solution , so investigating SSD ’s as a primary storage layer , and if you are adventurous , give Rethink DB a try .
Also keep an eye on Drizzle as the first production release is aimed for summer of 2010 .
Alternative data storage engines such as Redis , MongoDB and others are also worth looking into , but let us not forget : laws of physics still apply to NoSQL .
There is no magic there .
Memory is fast , disks are slow .
Nothing is stopping relational systems from taking advantage of main memory or SSD storage .
The question is “ Why am I fat ? ” .
The answer is “ This ” , Pic .
________________________________________________________________________
Please remember to Subscribe , and Bookmark this so others can see it .
You can email / bookmark this post via this button - or these
Microsoft today denied that it has built a backdoor into Windows 7 , a concern that surfaced yesterday after a senior National Security Agency ( NSA ) official testified before Congress that the agency had worked on the operating system .
" Microsoft has not and will not put ' backdoors ' into Windows , " a company spokeswoman said , reacting to a Computerworld story Wednesday .
On Monday , Richard Schaeffer , the NSA 's information assurance director , told the Senate 's Subcommittee on Terrorism and Homeland Security that the agency had partnered with the developer during the creation of Windows 7 " to enhance Microsoft 's operating system security guide . "
Echoing earlier concerns , Marc Rotenberg , the executive director of the Electronics Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) , questioned the wisdom of letting the NSA participate in OS development .
" The key problem is that NSA has a dual mission , COMPUSEC , computer security , now called cyber security , and SIGINT , signals intelligence , in other words surveillance , " Rotenberg said in an e-mail .
Yesterday , he raised the issue , which is n't new , of whether the NSA pressures companies like Microsoft to craft so - called " backdoors " into their code that would let the agency track users and intercept users ' communications .
Rotenberg called it an " obvious concern , " and added that it might be difficult for major software makers to turn down NSA " suggestions " because the U.S. federal government is an important customer .
Today 's categorical denial by Microsoft was accompanied by further explanation of exactly how the NSA participated in the making of Windows 7 .
" The work being discussed here is purely in conjunction with our Security Compliance Management Toolkit , " said the spokeswoman .
The company rolled out the Windows 7 version of the toolkit late last month , shortly after it officially launched the operating system .
The compliance management toolkit provides a set of security configurations that address additional levels of risks beyond those addressed out of the box , as well as tools to deploy these configurations and monitor what Microsoft calls " configuration drift . "
The toolkit is aimed at enterprises , government agencies and other large - scale organizations .
Microsoft 's rejection of the idea that it 's hidden a backdoor in Windows came as no surprise to security researchers , who yesterday expressed doubt that the company would put its reputation at such risk .
" I can't imagine NSA and Microsoft would do anything deliberate , because the repercussions would be enormous if they got caught , " Roger Thompson , the chief research officer of antivirus vendor AVG Technologies , said yesterday .
John Pescatore , an analyst with Gartner Research , agreed .
" [ The concerns ] are way overstated , " he said today in an e-mail .
" NSA worked with Microsoft and others , like Cisco , on security configuration standards for [ their ] products . "
Cisco , in fact , has built " lawful intercept " capabilities into its products , including its Internetworking Operating System ( ISO ) and its VoIP ( Voice over Internet Protocol ) lines .
The term describes the process by which law enforcement agencies conduct electronic surveillance of circuit and packet - mode communications under authorization , such as electronic wiretap orders .
Rotenberg still questioned NSA involvement .
" The key point is that the NSA is not the right agency to promote computer security in the private sector , " he argued .
" The risks to end users are real -- the original NSA key escrow proposal , ' Clipper , ' was a terrible idea -- and there is too little transparency about these arrangements . "
The Clipper chip Rotenberg referred to was a project first proposed in 1993 that would offer ultra-strong encryption , but would allow access to encrypted data by law enforcement .
The NSA proposal , however , raised a firestorm of protest and the idea was ultimately dropped .
Hypermazes !
Definition : A hypermaze is a Maze in a higher dimension .
A hypermaze is more than just what is normally considered to be a " 3D Maze " .
A standard 3D Maze has passages like any other , just that they tunnel through a 3D solid instead of move across a 2D surface .
A hypermaze however is a true multidimensional Maze , and increases the dimension of the solving object and the passages themselves .
In a normal Maze you move a point through it , and the path behind you forms a line .
In a hypermaze you move a line through it , and your path forms a surface !
Dimensions :
In general , for any Maze , be it a standard Maze or a hypermaze , the solution is represented by an n-dimensional figure .
That n-dimensional figure is formed by moving an ( n - 1 ) - dimensional object along the solution path .
The environment forming the Maze itself is a ( n+1 ) or higher dimensional object .
For example , a standard non-hypermaze consists of moving a 0D object ( a point ) , along a 1D solution path ( a line ) , through a 2D or higher dimensional environment ( a plane , solid , etc ) .
In a hypermaze you move a 1D object ( a line ) , along a 2D solution path ( a plane ) , through a 3D or higher environment ( a solid , 4D solid , etc ) .
Hyperhypermazes : Hypermazes can be more than just moving a line .
A hyperhypermaze increases the dimension of the solving object and the solution path again .
In a hyperhypermaze , you move a 2D plane through a 4D or higher dimensional environment , and your path forms a 3D solid .
A hyperhypermaze can be considered a hypermaze of the 2nd order .
A hypermaze of the 3rd order is even more extreme , involving moving a 3D universe or hyperplane through a 5D environment or beyond , forming a 4D solution path !
A normal hypermaze is a hypermaze of the 1st order , while a standard Maze involving moving just a point is a non-hypermaze , or a hypermaze of the 0th order .
Physical model :
In solving a non -hypermaze , you work with what amounts to a point , such as a marble , a cursor , or yourself .
In solving a hypermaze , you work with a line , such as a long section of string .
You grab and drag different parts of the string , moving it up and down and back and around past the obstacles in the hypermaze .
Note the solving line in a hypermaze needs to act like an infinitely long line , or rather you should n't be able to retract the ends of the line to inside the hypermaze .
A mere line segment would be equivalent to a non-hypermaze , because you can just crumple the section of string into a ball , and then move the point through like in a non-hypermaze .
As you move the line into the entrance face of the 3D hypermaze object , through the hypermaze across to the exit face , the ends of the line should stick out both adjacent faces .
This can be modeled by an infinite line without endpoints , or a finite line segment where the ends are tied to points outside the hypermaze .
A example physical model of a hypermaze is a 3D construct in the middle of a room .
A piece of string has ends attached to opposite walls of the room .
You then have to move the middle part of that string into one side of the 3D solid and out the other .
Entrances :
The entrance and exit to a non -hypermaze is a point .
The entrance and exit to a hypermaze is of course a line .
Multiple entrances on the face of a 3D non -hypermaze consist of a set of points , like a piece of Swiss cheese .
Multiple entrances on the face of a hypermaze consist of crisscrossing lines , like the canals on the surface of Mars .
Note the outer surface or any cross section of a hypermaze can form a non-hypermaze .
In a 2D non -hypermaze , a solution path starting on one edge and ending on another splits the walls into two halves .
In a 3D hypermaze , a solution surface starting on one face and ending on another again splits the solid into two halves .
In the physical model above , the hypermaze could rest on a table , however the top half needs to be suspended from the ceiling , since the solution technically cuts it into two pieces with space between them .
Obstacles : A model of a hypermaze can have relatively sparse obstructions and still be challenging .
This sparseness can allow a physical model to actually work where one can reach inside the solid at points to manipulate the string .
A non-hypermaze ( especially in 3D ) needs to be relatively solid , i.e. basically needs to be formed of tunnels , because there are so many places a point can fit .
A " passage " for a hypermaze line to follow needs to at least be a plane area , like a low ceiling warehouse or the area behind a bookcase .
Note a " dead end " in a hypermaze can be a mere column in the middle of a room , and does n't need to have walls all around , in which 1D " tentacles " or lines are enough to obstruct and form dead ends for the solving string .
Picture a parking garage with a concrete column down the middle , and you 're walking a dog , where the leash connecting you and the dog is part of the hypermaze solving line .
If the dog goes around one size of the column and you go around the other side , then the line gets caught on the column , and column stops you from getting across the room .
If however the column is like a lamppost instead of connected to both floor and ceiling , then you can throw the leash over the top of the pole and keep going .
For another example , picture an upright letter " F " attached to the floor , between a floor and ceiling , while the solution string approaches it from the right .
If the string goes between the two horizontal tines of the " F " , or between the bottom tine and the floor , then it will get caught on the stem of the " F " , and that will act like a dead end for that section of the string ( the proper path goes over the top of the " F " ) .
Obstacle formula :
More generally , for any Maze or hypermaze , the dimension of the obstacles needs to be at least ( dimension of environment ) - ( dimension of solving object ) - 1 . For example , for a standard non-hypermaze in 2D , you need at least 1D lines to obstruct ( i.e. form tunnels and dead ends for ) a 0D solving point in the 2D environment .
For a non-hypermaze in 3D , you need 2D surfaces to obstruct ( i.e. form tunnels and dead ends for ) a 0D solving point in the 3D environment .
For a hypermaze in 3D ( our example here ) you need at least 1D lines to obstruct ( i.e. form places to get caught on ) a 1D solving line in the 3D environment .
For a hyperhypermaze in 6D , you need 3D solids to obstruct a 2D solving surface in the 6 - dimensional environment .
And so on .
Alternate model :
In addition to an infinite line , another model that works for a hypermaze line is an elastic circle or ring .
The entrance and exit are ring shaped holes in the sides of the hypermaze object , with at least one wall in the middle of the ring preventing you from collapsing the ring to a point .
You then move the ring down the " rail " , stretching and compressing its circumference as appropriate .
In this model , the hypermaze is divided into two pieces by the solution - one piece for the outer Maze and one piece for the part inside the ring , where the inner piece needs to be suspended in air , e.g. held at the right point with wire or whatever in a physical model .
Note in all general hypermazes , the solving line is completely elastic , so can be stretched and bent around any obstacle to form an arbitrarily curved solution surface .
Of course there are many possible variant rules one can add to a hypermaze for extra challenge , such as one where the solving string can't be bent beyond some radius " r " .
Hypermaze Examples
Example models :
In the hypermazes pictured here , there 's a ceiling floating above a foundation .
From the ceiling " stalactites " dangle down , and from the floor " stalagmites " grow up , and they branch and twist around in a complex fashion like a briar patch .
The hypermaze consists of two separate solids , just as how in a 2D non -hypermaze , with the entrance on one side and the exit on the other , the solution path divides it into two separate shapes .
Your goal is to move string between the floor and ceiling , in one side and out the other , like a piece of dental floss .
Note for hypermazes of this model , it does n't matter which side you enter .
You can enter from the north face and exit on the south or vice versa , you can enter from the west face and exit on the east or vice versa , or you can make the string enter at a corner .
Small example : Above is a perspective rendering of a simple 9x9x9 cube hypermaze .
Note the Maze is reasonably sparse , where there are places you can see through and out the other side .
If you were to start by moving the string in from the leftward ( dark red ) face , note that there are 5 possible ways of entering .
The row across the very bottom is one , and there are four possible combinations in the upper half .
If you were to start by moving the string in from the rightward ( pink ) face , there are 2 possible ways of entering .
The row across the very top is one , and the path from upper left to lower right is the other .
Solution coloring : Above is another rendering of the same 9x9x9 cube hypermaze , viewed from the opposite corner .
Here everything connected to the base is colored blue , while everything connected to the ceiling is red .
This is somewhat of a spoiler or a solution to the hypermaze , because to solve it you just need to have all parts of the string between a red and blue section at all times .
( A similar method works to solve 2D non-hypermazes , if you color the walls on one half a different color from those in the other half . )
Note the red pole surrounded by blue near the bottom of the left hand face .
Part way through solving , you 'll need to loop the string out and around that red pole , like throwing a rope over the top of a lamppost .
Large example : Above is a orthographic rendering of a very complex hypermaze ( 73x73x73 cubes ) .
Note there 's literally billions of ways of arranging the string across and moving it into one of the hypermaze 's faces .
Because this is a " perfect " hypermaze , only one solution and hence initial starting configuration actually works !
And that 's just to get started , much less to actually navigate through the hypermaze .
Solution half :
Above is a picture of just the bottom half piece of the same 73x73x73 hypermaze , with the top half removed .
This exposes the solution similar to how different coloring does , in which the solution surface always follows between the area removed and the area still present .
Solution surface : Above is the unique solution to the 73x73x73 hypermaze , showing the complex solution surface , or the path taken by the string .
The edge colored in red is the edge of the surface , i.e. the entrance line that the string must enter ( no other combination works ) if you enter via this face , or the exit line that the string leaves from if you exit via this face .
The edge colored in blue is the same entrance / exit line along the adjacent face .
Note there are some holes in the surface , whose circular edges are colored green .
These are places where the solution surface goes back to and briefly touches a boundary face ( like the red pole in the earlier example ) .
This is just a rendering effect to show the solution surface clipped to the boundary of the hypermaze itself , in which the actual solution surface of course has no holes .
Note the green figure - 8 shaped circuit near the far right edge .
That shows an interesting point where two such holes touch .
A hypermaze solution surface will never actually intersect itself , but it can briefly touch itself at various points , where some areas may need to be passed through by the solving line more than once .
The analogy here is having your thumb and forefinger form a circle , almost touching , where to move the solving line over a solution surface formed by your fingers , it requires moving the line through the narrow space between the fingers twice .
Hypermaze Details
Hypermaze duals :
The passages in a 3D non-hypermaze are similar to the walls in a 3D hypermaze .
Basically , a 3D non-hypermaze and a 3D hypermaze are duals of each other , where turning all barriers into open space and vice - versa turns one into the other !
Ok , there 's a slight difference , because a standard 3D non-hypermaze consists of a single connected tree , while a 3D hypermaze has two separate trees attached to boundary surfaces .
In the hypermaze graphics pictured , you can treat the wall blocks as passages , and attempt to find a path from the top face to the bottom face .
The dual of a Maze is basically the dual of its graph , with the new passages being the old walls and vice versa .
A good example of that is this 2D non-hypermaze .
Normally black is wall and white is passage , and your goal is to navigate from the top to bottom .
However you can also try to solve the dual , and treat white as wall and black as passage , and your goal is to go from the left edge to the right edge .
Solving the dual : For any Maze or hypermaze , if it has a solution , then its dual has no solution .
In the example 2D Maze , if there 's a white path connecting top to bottom , then there can't also be a black path connecting side to side , and vice versa .
Similarly for the 3D hypermaze , if you can follow a solution surface through the solid , which splits the environment into two pieces , then that means the dual 3D non -hypermaze is unsolvable , since there 's no path from the top wall to the bottom wall .
The reverse is of course true too , where if there 's a path connecting the top wall to the bottom wall , then the hypermaze is unsolvable , because there 's no way to run a solving line through the solid without getting caught on the column connecting the two halves .
In a 2D Maze , it 's always the case that either the Maze is solvable or its dual is solvable .
However in a 3D environment , it 's possible that neither Maze is solvable !
Consider a hypermaze where the top and bottom halves are separate , but linked like a chain .
In such a case the 3D non -hypermaze is unsolvable , because there 's no way to get from the top to the disconnected bottom .
However the hypermaze is also unsolvable , because there 's no way to run a length of string between the two halves , because they 're inseparably linked .
Dual formula :
The general rule is for a hypermaze of order " p " in a n- dimensional environment , its dual is a hypermaze of order ( n - p - 2 ) .
For example , in a 2D environment , the dual of a non -hypermaze ( order 0 ) is another non-hypermaze ( 2 - 0 - 2 = 0 ) , as seen in the 2D example above .
In a 3D environment , the dual of a standard hypermaze ( order 1 ) is a non-hypermaze ( 3 - 1 - 2 = 0 ) and vice versa , as seen in the 3D example above .
The dual of the tunnels forming a 4D non-hypermaze is a hyperhypermaze ( 4 - 0 - 2 = 2nd order hypermaze ) , which you should be able to run a solving plane through forming a solution solid .
Creation algorithm :
The ability to create 3D hypermazes is in the latest versions of the Maze program Daedalus .
All hypermazes on this page were created and rendered by the program .
The algorithm for creating a hypermaze turns out to be pretty simple .
Start with the top and bottom floors , and then grow a bunch of random wall branches from them like a tree , where each appended branch connects to an existing object at exactly one end .
This is exactly the same as how one adds walls to a 2D non -hypermaze when creating a Maze by adding walls , which also simultaneously grows two trees of walls inward from the boundaries .
Creating hypermazes is also similar to how one carves the tunnels in a 3D non-hypermaze , with the only difference being that the tree structure in a hypermaze forms walls instead of the passages , and in a hypermaze you grow two trees simultaneously .
These hypermazes are " perfect " , in that there 's exactly one solution surface , just as how a perfect non-hypermaze has exactly one solution path and exactly one path from any point in the Maze to any other point .
Solving algorithm :
The ability to solve hypermazes is also in the latest versions of Daedalus .
To solve a hypermaze means finding its solution surface .
The solution surface can be generated by focusing on the different solids that compose the hypermaze , similar to coloring them differently as described earlier .
For any two adjacent bits of obstacle with unbroken space between them , if the two bits are part of the same solid , then connect them .
This fills in all the false areas , leaving just the cracks between separate solids .
For a perfect hypermaze , the space left will be exactly the solution surface .
This solving method works similar to the method of solving a standard non-hypermaze by filling in all the dead ends .
Although more technically , solving hypermazes is a 3D version of the " blind alley sealer " solving algorithm , which also works by adding connections between contiguous areas of the Maze .
State : Hypermazes are special because they go beyond having an easily definable state .
Most Mazes ( and puzzles in general ) tend to have a finite number of easily enumerable states , and a small number of actions you can take at any one state , i.e. the decision tree is defined by a simple graph .
This is true regardless of the type of Maze , and it covers almost all logic Mazes or Mazes with special rules , where I call this concept Maze equivalence .
For example in a 10x10 orthogonal passage 2D Maze , there are 100 possible locations where the solving point can be , and in any cell you have up to four choices you can take to visit neighboring cells .
However in a hypermaze represented by a 10x10x10 arrangement of blocks , there are virtually an infinite number of combinations of how the solving line can be spread out through it , and ways in which you can manipulate the string at any one configuration , just as there 's virtually an infinite number of ways you can run a length of string through a room .
It 's easy to count and enumerate all the states of a non-hypermaze .
Although the states of a hypermaze are still ultimately finite , an analogy is that a non-hypermaze is " countable " like the set of integers in a range , while a hypermaze is " uncountable " like the set of real numbers in a range .
Interface : Because hypermazes are fundamentally different from other Mazes and state based puzzles , there 's a lot of potential to make interesting new computer or physical puzzles involving hypermazes .
The most challenging aspect of hypermazes is easily interfacing with them .
A computer interface to navigate a hypermaze is challenging to make , since you need to be able to look at all parts of the line , and the nearby parts of the hypermaze in the 3D environment , and be able to select and drag different parts of the line , and hopefully the line acts like a real string where points near the grab point get partially dragged too .
A physical model of a hypermaze is also challenging to make , because the model is delicate yet needs to be rigid , and it tends to defy gravity .
Philosophy : A hypermaze is interesting because your focus is not on a single point , or on your individual self , but is rather across multiple points , in which you need to deal with every point along a line at once .
Similarly in life one can think for just themselves , or can work for the environment and serve the world as a whole . :-)
An interesting team building exercise would be a large physical hypermaze , in which the line consists of people tied along a rope at different points , and they all need to cooperate and move together to get through !
FDA vs. Greg Caton
Selling anti-cancer herbs is no crime in Ecuador
The FDA invokes Interpol
Exaggerating the information with Interpol
Clues lead back to the FDA 's Office of Criminal Investigation
Recap
Does Cansema work ?
Statement from Dr. Brian O'Leary
Why healing is a crime in America
Anti-cancer herbs are common knowledge in Ecuador
The failure of Interpol
About the term " kidnapping "
Action items :
What you can do right now
Why this truth must be told
( Natural News ) The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today stands accused of taking part in the kidnapping and illegal extradition of a permanent resident of Ecuador , in violation of both international law and Ecuadorian law .
Greg Caton , owner and operator of www.AltCancer.com ) , an herbal products company that sells anti-cancer herbal remedies made with Ecuadorian medicinal herbs , was arrested at gunpoint at a road checkpoint in Ecuador , then transported to an Ecuadorian holding facility to await a hearing on December 14 , 2009 .
Caton was expected to be set free by the Ecuadorian judge at that hearing based on the facts of the case which indicated Caton 's permanent residency in Ecuador is legal and valid .
Three days before the hearing could take place , Caton was taken from his holding facility and , with the help of U.S. State Department employees , involuntarily placed on an American Airlines plane headed for Miami .
An Ecuadorian judge rushed to the airport in Guayaquil and demanded that Caton be released from the plane , stating that the attempted deportation was illegal , but American Airlines employees reportedly refused to allow Caton to leave the plane , stating that the plane was " U.S. territory " and that Ecuadorian law did not apply there ( even though the plane was still on the tarmac in Guayaquil and under the direction of the air traffic control tower there ) .
The plane then departed Guayaquil and continued its flight to Miami where Greg Caton was held in a federal detention facility to await trial in the U.S.
His crimes ?
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has , for many years , pursued Caton , accusing him of selling " unapproved drugs " -- herbal medicines that have never been , and will never be , approved by the FDA to treat anything .
He was convicted of these crimes in 2003 and served 33 months in federal prison .
After serving his term , Caton was on probation for another three years .
As Greg Caton 's wife explained to me in an exclusive interview , eighteen months into that probation , Caton received word that a " rogue FDA agent " named John Armand was intimidating his ex-employees in an attempt to convince them to testify against Caton in order to have him convicted of further charges that would lead to more prison time .
After submitting a request to his presiding judge to ask that the remainder of his probation be excused , Caton moved to Ecuador and acquired permanent residency there , in part to escape persecution by what he saw as a rogue FDA agent violating the law in an effort to see Caton prosecuted yet again .
As you 'll see below , this fear was not unfounded .
In Ecuador , by the way , selling herbs and accurately describing their medicinal properties is not a crime .
Every pharmacy , health food store , shaman and medicine man openly talks about the anti-cancer properties of various herbs .
No one goes to prison for selling medicinal herbs in Ecuador -- the very idea seems silly .
Why would any nation want to lock up its healers ?
So the " crimes " for which Caton was convicted in the USA are n't even considered crimes in more medicinally enlightened countries such as Ecuador .
There , people like Caton are considered valuable members of society .
Back in the U.S. , the only real crime Caton was now guilty of was failing to serve his last 18 months of probation .
But even that probation sentence was based on the false crime of Caton selling medicinal herbs while accurately describing their health - related properties .
In other words , if not for the FDA 's persecution of all herbalists who sell anti-cancer herbs , Caton would never have had jail time nor probation to begin with .
When the FDA realized Caton had moved to Ecuador , they went to work to try to have Caton arrested internationally .
In order to accomplish this , they needed to have Caton listed as a wanted fugitive with Interpol , the international police database headquartered in Lyon , France .
Interpol is normally reserved for listing serious criminals : Murderers , rapists , terrorists , international money launderers , war criminals and the like .
NaturalNews contacted Interpol to inquire as to how Gregory Caton , an herbal formulator violating nothing more than probation , could have been listed with Interpol as a wanted international fugitive with a so - called " Red Notice " -- Interpol 's highest alert level .
This is the kind of alert level someone like Osama Bin Laden might normally merit with Interpol .
We were told by the U.S. Interpol office ( under the DOJ ) , " those individuals placed on a Most Wanted List are the ones who have allegedly committed the most heinous of crimes for a very long period of time .
"
In other words , the Interpol " Red Notice " designation -- which was applied to Greg Caton 's listing -- is never applied to people who merely skip probation .
The Greg Caton listing with Interpol , NaturalNews learned , was .
Someone , it seemed , had managed to exploit the DOJ / Interpol system to get Caton listed as an international fugitive when he was merely guilty of skipping out on the last 18 months of his probation .
To make the Interpol listing sound more serious , paperwork was submitted to Interpol decision makers that listed Caton 's offenses as " drugs related crimes , fraud .
" This implies that Caton was engaged in some sort of serious drug operation : Drug smuggling , perhaps , or drug dealing .
In reality , his only crime was selling medicinal herbs -- the same language that calls cherries " drugs " if they are sold alongside any words describing their benefits for relieving arthritis pain and inflammation .
To the FDA , even a bottle of water can be considered a " drug " if it 's sold with the claim that it prevents dehydration , a medical condition .
The obvious question in all this , then , is : The clue comes right from the Interpol listing itself , where it describes the origin of the " arrest warrant " as Lafayette , Louisiana .
You can see the Interpol listing here : http://www.interpol.int/public/data/wanted/n...
Lafayette , Louisiana is the former operating base of FDA criminal investigations officer John Armand , the agent who went after Caton in 1999 and who managed to get him convicted of a felony crime ( selling medicinal herbs ) in 2003 .
NaturalNews attempted to contact John Armand to get his comments for this story .
I called the FDA office in Lafayette , Louisiana , identified myself as a reporter for NaturalNews , and asked to speak with agent John Armand .
I was told he had been relocated to Florida and could now be reached out of the Jacksonville office .
I called the FDA 's Jacksonville office , identified myself and asked to speak with agent John Armand for his comments on this story .
I was told that I must first speak to a " press officer " of the FDA , as only a press officer could offer public comment .
The next day , I was able to reach FDA press officer Mike Kelly whose reply mirrors FDA official policy : " No comment .
" The FDA , he explained , never comments on any " ongoing investigation . "
In all , I placed five phone calls to various offices of the FDA , each time asking to speak with John Armand to get his side of this story .
In every case , I was stonewalled and either told to talk to someone else or given the " no comment " reply .
Just to make sure you 're following the twisted details of this story , here 's a quick recap : Greg Caton , a U.S. citizen and legal Ecuadorian permanent resident operating a legal Ecuadorian business selling medicinal herbs to customers around the world , was arrested at a road checkpoint in Ecuador .
A few days later , against the demands of an Ecuadorian judge , he was involuntarily placed onto an American Airlines commercial jet where he was flown to Miami and put in a federal holding facility .
As Cathryn Caton told me in a recent interview ( https://www.naturalnews.com/Index-Podcasts.ht... ) , " I blame American Airlines as much as I do the U.S.
To me , they are part of this illegal kidnapping ... to me it 's a terrorist act .
They helped and cooperated with illegally kidnapping my husband and flying him to the U.S.
They were told repeatedly by this Ecuadorian federal judge that he is not to leave the country , and they cooperated with these U.S. officials to illegally remove Greg from the country , against Ecuadorian court order .
" His arrest in Ecuador was made possible by the " Red Notice " listing with Interpol .
That listing was submitted through the United States National Central Bureau ( USNCB ) , under the DOJ ( Department of Justice ) , and it was submitted to the USNCB by the FDA .
Within the FDA , the source for the listing was the Lafayette office , where agent John Armand operated .
The " Red Notice " listing , however , was off - protocol because Greg Caton was only guilty of skipping out on probation , not engaging in the kind of " heinous crimes " normally required to achieve a Red Notice listing with Interpol , which is normally reserved for terrorists , mass murderers and war criminals .
The Interpol listing was the key to getting Greg Caton arrested and illegally deported from Ecuador , as required by international law .
In essence , the United States of America , denied him his civil liberties under Ecuadorian law ( and even perhaps under U.S. law ) , and illegally transported him out of Ecuador against the demands of an Ecuadorian judge .
This entire charade was masterminded by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , which managed to trick Interpol into flagging Caton with a " Red Notice " status even though his only outstanding crime was skipping out on probation to go seek a life of peace in a nation that welcomed his medicines instead of criminalizing them .
Greg Caton 's top- selling anti-cancer formulation is called , and it is sold by Alpha Omega Labs as an effective herbal treatment for topical cancers .
If you have skin cancer of any kind , I encourage you to learn about Cansema and how it has eliminated cancers in many people .
Even though Greg is now imprisoned in the U.S. , Alpha Omega Labs is still open for business , and you can purchase Cansema online right now at www.AltCancer.com ( note : NaturalNews has no financial relationship whatsoever with Alpha Omega Labs or Greg Caton ) .
Behind all the accusations , prosecutions and legal entanglements , the real question in all this seems to have been entirely avoided by U.S. health authorities .
That question is , of course , Does it really eliminate topical cancers ?
If it works , then why all the criminal accusations against Greg Caton in the first place ?
Why the absurd labeling of his herbal products as " unapproved drugs " when even Caton himself does n't call them drugs ?
He simply ( and accurately ) describes them as medicinal herbs , which is what they are .
I find it fascinating that if I place a bottle of Cansema in my pocket when I board a plane in Ecuador , it 's just " herbs , " but when I exit the plane in Miami , suddenly those herbs have been transformed into " unapproved drugs " by the regulatory language police who operate in the U.S. much like the Ministry of Truth from George Orwell 's novelRegardless of what the product is called , the FDA is n't at all interested in whether Cansema actually works .
The mere fact that the herbs were sold as a natural cancer treatmentis enough to have Caton condemned as an international criminal .
But in taking this stance , the FDA misses out on the thousands of satisfied customers who have successfully used CansemaCase in point : Dr. Brian O'Leary , a former NASA astronaut who has published over 100 scientific papers in peer - reviewed science literature ( http://www.brianoleary.info/about.html ) .
Dr. O'Leary is a customer of Greg Caton's .
When he heard about Caton 's illegal arrest and deportation from Ecuador , he issued this passionate statement : Greg Caton is a friend of mine and an extraordinary healer .
I was shocked to hear about his kidnapping and illegal deportation to the U.S. , regardless of perceptions of his legal status within the U.S. , something I understand to be a mild violation at most .
He is a legal resident of Ecuador and conducts a legal alternative health product [ company ] here .
I thoroughly support his work in healing untold thousands of people of cancer and other serious diseases .
My own healing happened when Greg arrived at our home two years ago with his product Cansema .
I had just been diagnosed with basal cell skin cancer after a biopsy had been taken from a very large and deep lesion on my back .
I was scheduled for surgery the following week .
I cancelled the surgery and applied the Cansema ( a black salve consisting of a mixture of herbs and a bit of zinc chloride ) , and , in 3 - 4 weeks , a black scab formed that subsequently fell off .
After three applications of the salve over 2 - 3 months , the cancer disappeared , leaving only a slight discoloration where the cancer had been .
An examination by a dermatologist at the St. Agustin clinic in Loja , Ecuador , showed that .
No new lesions have formed anywhere on my body , and diagnostic blood tests for any systemic cancers recently showed negatives , i.e. , no cancer in my body .
On the larger issue of the suppression of alternative possibilities in the health , environmental and technology fields , we see a pattern emerging thatwho illegally , unethically and immorally punish these true pioneers of our time -- solely because of powerful vested interests that are far less effective in solving the problems presented .
This is an outrage , and I ask that , if justice has any meaning left , that Greg be released immediately from his current detention and flown back to his residence in Ecuador .
This plea represents one of many coming from those of us who strongly feel that justice can only be served by supporting rather than condemning those of us willing and able to move humanity into a new paradigm of healing and sustainability .
If Mr. Caton is not immediately returned , and those who illegally bribed , kidnapped , deported and detained him are not held accountable , then many of us will need to take this issue to its next level for public airing . - Brian O'Leary , Ph.D. , former U.S. astronautAs these events clearly demonstrate , selling products that actually help people heal is a crime in America .
There 's a wonderful book on the topic , in fact , by author Kenny Ausubel , entitled , If you take a chance to read this book , you will discover that the kind of lawless tyranny , oppression and intimidation that has just been demonstrated against Greg Caton is nothing new for U.S. health authorities .
Similarly unscrupulous activities were being undertaken by the AMA in the first half of the 20th century in a desperate attempt to destroy the credibility ( and livelihood ) of Harry Hoxsey , a man who also manufactured and sold topical anti-cancer salves .
To this day , intimidation campaigns continue against companies selling anti-cancer remedies .
It happens so often that one day when I was walking along the sidewalk in Boca Raton , I met a couple who , when they realized who I was , told me they had been forced to flee the United States to pursue their anti-cancer stem cell work in another country .
Mexico , the Bahamas , Central and South America are all full of expat scientists , alternative medicine doctors , herbalists and naturopaths who have been forced to flee the USA or face imprisonment for their " crimes " of treating cancer with things other than FDA - sanctioned chemotherapy , radiation or surgery .
This is why .
Instead , the American population is relegated to suffering the toxic side effects of chemotherapy and radiation under the " guidance " of nutritionally - ignorant oncologists who are poor doctors , but excellent followers of the FDA regime .
What Greg Caton 's illegal arrest and deportation really represent is the ongoing war of tyranny against healers that 's still pursued by the FDA and its " secret police " Office of Criminal Investigations ( OCI ) .
This OCI , it turns out , operates with no oversight and no respect for the law of any land .
Its employees and contractors openly engage in the intimidation of individuals engaged in the selling of natural products , routinely threatening them with imprisonment , armed raids , the seizure of their products and criminal prosecutions .
Even Dr. Andrew Weil was recently threatened in this manner by the FDA .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/027303_the_FTC_Am...
But NaturalNews asks the question : The answer is no one .
There is no Congressional oversight , no judicial oversight and no civil rights protections for individuals targeted by the FDA 's OCI .
The U.S. Constitution and its Bill of Rights -- which are supposed to guarantee freedom of speech for herbalists as well as everyone else -- are thrown out the window by the OCI .
Once you are targeted by the OCI , to free speech .
You are considered anand can find yourself listed on Interpol alongside terrorists and war criminals even though your only crime might be selling herbal creams to natural health consumers .
The FDA claims its OCI office helps protect the American people from unscrupulous quacks and charlatans .
Certainly , there is a role for that function in any society , as many companies will inevitably try to cheat the public by selling health - related products that do n't work ( Tamiflu comes to mind , incidentally ) .
ButHow is Greg Caton 's selling of herbal medicine harming anyone at all ?
His product really works , and if the FDA was interested in what works , you would think they might be interested in embracing herbalists instead of criminalizing them .
That all this is going on in the USA is considered quite bizarre to locals in Ecuador , by the way .
They are astonished at the idea that the United States of America would take a tax - paying , economy - boosting business person selling medicinal herbs and throw them in prison as criminals where the state must now foot the bill with taxpayer dollars .
ItKeep in mind that Greg Caton was operating a perfectly legal business in Ecuador , with all necessary licensing , taxes and regulatory requirements .
He was purchasing herbs from farmers , Shamans and land owners , then reformulating those herbs into long - proven anti-cancer remedies that were then sold to customers all over the world .
He was breaking no laws in Ecuador , and in fact , he was contributing to the Ecuadorian economy by boosting exports and buying bulk herbs from all over Ecuador .
Caton was a huge economic asset to the nation of Ecuador .
But he was a huge liability to the U.S. cancer industry which continues to base its business model on the intimidation and criminalization of anyone who offers cancer solutions outside the realm of pharmaceuticals , radiation and surgery .
The cancer industry 's enforcement arm is the Food and Drug Administration , a dubious agency that follows no law ( literally , there are no laws limiting the actions of the FDA ) and operates with virtually no oversight whatsoever .
Essentially , , respecting no law while using tactics of intimidation to assert its power and authority over others .
Interpol , for its part , is already shrouded in corruption controversy .
It 's top chief now stands accused of maintaining links to organized crime , accepting bribes , and maintaining a relationship with a convicted smuggler of real drugs ( not herbal medicines ) -- a man named Glen Agliotti .
( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8290234.st...
NaturalNews has learned that Interpol is routinely abused by profit - seekers in India , who use India 's arcane " dowry laws " to label innocent spouses as international fugitives in order to blackmail them for payoff money .
Interpol has openly participated in this blackmail scam for many years , allowing its website to be used as a point of leverage for " dowry scammers " ( http://www.merinews.com/article/abuse-of-498...
We also found complaints about the abuse of Interpol by corporations in Dubai that are using the flimsy judicial system there to blame foreigners for corporate embezzlement when , in reality , people in Dubai are walking away with the cash .
( http://detainedindubai.org/Detained_In_Dubai...
In fact , if you begin to dig into this story , you 'll find that , so it 's not much of a surprise to learn that the FDA rigged Interpol to list Greg Caton as a criminal mastermind in order to have him arrested , kidnapped and illegally deported to the United States .
Certainly , Interpol has some useful function in the world , as the sharing of police intelligence about truly dangerous , violent criminals seems a worthy goal .
But when the system is used to destroy the lives of innocent victims who are guilty of no such heinous crimes , it becomes a tool of the destruction of human rights .
Rather than protecting the innocent , in this case Interpol was used by the FDA to persecute the innocent .
And that speaks strongly about the lack of credibility at Interpol .
Its " Red Notice " listings apparently carry no more credibility than a plastic police badge found in a box of Cracker Jack .
Some may question my use of the term " kidnapping " to describe the illegal arrest and deportation of Greg Caton from Ecuador .
But if you carefully examine the definition of the word , you 'll find it applies quite precisely to this situation : Kidnapping : ( Random House Dictionary )
As in , to involuntarily remove someone from their own home or property , with the threat of force ( firearms ) , without the due process of law .
The United States of America , under this definition , .
In no way did the USA engage in any legal extradition processes , nor did the USA even acknowledge any Ecuadorian law .
Greg Caton was simply hauled away without a fair hearing and without any opportunity to defend himself against the charges being leveled against him .
This is not merely a violation of Greg Caton 's civil rights , it is a violation of international law .
You have the power to help rights these wrong and bring the FDA 's actions in this matter to light .
As the editor of NaturalNews , I urge you to forward this story to your Senators and Congressional representatives .
Someone please also make sure this story gets into the hands of Sen. Charles Grassley .
Protest this action with your elected representatives .
In your own words , tell them why you think this kidnapping of Greg Caton is a great injustice that needs to be corrected .
Ask them to investigate the FDA 's Office of Criminal Investigations and determine how it is that FDA agents are able to exploit Interpol listings to achieve the illegal kidnapping and deportation of U.S. citizens living abroad .
Contact information for the U.S. Senate : Contact information for the U.S. House of Representatives : Call ( 202) 225-3121 for the switchboard operator , or visit : Contact information for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration : Contact information to file a complaint with the U.S. Dept. of Justice : ( Choose the option to file a complaint about a law enforcement agency , then file your complaint about the FDA OCI . )
Report fraud or abuse of Interpol 's name ( which is essentially what the FDA has done in this case ) : People will ask me , upon this publication of this story , why I 'm willing to speak out against the FDA , the DOJ and Interpol .
Actually , I have nothing against any of these organizations as long as they serve the People rather than the interests of domineering corporations .
The FDA , DOJ and Interpol all have an important place in a just society -- butif they stick to their original charter and use their resources to serve the greater good .
What this story on NaturalNews reveals is that each of these organizations has , in one way or another , been hijacked by corporate interests in order to suppress the actions of one individual whose products threaten the profits of the pharmaceutical industry .
In essence , , and that 's not what Interpol is supposed to be used for .
It 's supposed to be about protecting the innocent , not allowing itself to be subjugated by Big Business ( because , of course , the pharmaceutical industry virtually runs the FDA these days ) .
When Big Business runs the regulatory offices , the criminal investigation offices and the police organizations , the world is no longer safe for anyone who threatens the status quo .
When the police intelligence community is used as law enforcement puppets by the corporate puppet masters , anyone who acts in competition with the established profit centers of corporate America ( and cancer is a huge profit center ) is immediately targeted for criminalization , prosecution and incarceration .
These are not the traits of a free society .
They are not the actions of a justice system .
They are n't even what you would expect to find in a western nation that claims to operate under a free market enterprise system .
And yet this is exactly what we are seeing in the United States of America today , where this nation of regulatory tyrants is now openly engaged in the international kidnapping of innocents who have , for understandable reasons , chosen to reside in countries that do not consider herbalists to be criminals ..
It 's a free MP3 download that 's commercial free and DRM - free : https://www.naturalnews.com/Index-Podcasts.ht...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The Taliban say they will step up their fight in Afghanistan , after pledges by the US and its allies to send large reinforcements to the country .
A Taliban commander told the BBC that if more US troops came , more would die .
US President Barack Obama , announcing a long - awaited strategy on Tuesday , said another 30,000 American troops would be deployed quickly in Afghanistan .
Defence Secretary Robert Gates told the US Congress that curbing the Taliban was essential for regional security .
Speaking to the Senate Armed Services Committee , Mr Gates stressed that the US goal in Afghanistan and Pakistan was to defeat the al - Qaeda network - and to do that , the Taliban must be pushed back .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Failure in Afghanistan would mean a Taliban takeover of much , if not most , of the country and likely a renewed civil war , " he said .
" Taliban - ruled areas could in short order become , once again , a sanctuary for al - Qaeda as well as a staging area for resurgent militant groups on the offensive in Pakistan . "
He said the first of the new US troops could hit the ground in Afghanistan in two to three weeks .
" Beginning to transfer security responsibility to the Afghans in summer 2011 is critical - and , in my view achievable , " he said .
Senator John McCain , the senior Republican on the committee , told the BBC he backed Mr Obama 's decision to deploy more troops but not the announcement that their withdrawal would begin in July 2011 .
" We need to make it clear to the enemy that we 're going to succeed and we are going to stay as long as necessary to succeed , " he said .
He also warned that the US and UK should expect more casualties in the short term as the surge gets under way .
' More casualties '
The Taliban expressed defiance in the face of Mr Obama 's commitment to send additional forces .
A Taliban commander , who did not give his name but is part of the ruling council in Wardak province , told the BBC there could be no peace talks until all foreign troops had left Afghanistan .
We must reverse the Taliban 's momentum and deny it the ability to overthrow the government
Barack Obama
Full text of speech Nato pledges 5,000 Afghan troops US media on the troop surge Afghan concern over pullout date Doubts and hopes : US reaction
He said : " Obama is sending more troops to Afghanistan and that means more Americans will die .
With just a handful of resources we can cause them even more casualties and deaths . "
The commander claimed that foreign forces , not the Taliban , were responsible for most Afghan civilian deaths , but the opposite is true , the BBC's Ian Pannell in Kabul says .
Mr Obama reached his deployment decision after more than three months of deliberations and 10 top - level meetings with advisers .
In his speech at the West Point military academy in New York , he said US forces lacked " the full support they need to effectively train and partner with Afghan security forces and better secure the population " .
" I have determined that it is in our vital national interest to send an additional 30,000 US troops to Afghanistan , " he told cadets .
" After 18 months , our troops will begin to come home . "
' Common fight '
Rising violence - more than 900 US soldiers have died in Afghanistan - and August 's discredited elections in the country have fanned domestic opposition to the eight - year - old war .
MARDELL'S AMERICA Mr Obama 's top team have been on Capitol Hill trying to convince the serious and senior elected politicians that this is the right strategy
Read Mark Mardell 's thoughts in full Gen Stanley McChrystal , the US commander in Afghanistan , who had asked for 40,000 extra troops , welcomed Mr Obama 's speech , saying he had been given " a clear military mission " and the necessary resources .
The reinforcements will take the total number of US troops in Afghanistan to more than 100,000 .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Kandahar says that Gen McChrystal 's message is that the president 's announcement is not just about troop numbers but about a new clarity in the US mission there .
He told troops that the success of their operation would be judged not on how many militants were killed but how many Afghans were given new opportunities and gave up their support for the insurgency , our correspondent says .
Gen McChrystal also backed Mr Obama 's estimate that enough progress would have been made by 2011 for the withdrawal of American forces to begin , although he warned of further casualties to come .
Other Nato member countries have been urged to send more troops Some 32,000 other foreign troops are also serving in Afghanistan .
Nato Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen urged members to do more .
He told reporters on Wednesday that 5,000 extra troops would be sent in 2010 , and " probably " a few thousand in addition .
" This is our fight together , " he said .
" We must finish it together . "
The UN envoy to Afghanistan , Kai Eide , told the BBC he did not believe the announcement from Washington amounted to an exit strategy because a long - term commitment remained .
He stressed the need to strengthen Afghan institutions at a local level and build a sustainable economy .
The Afghan government said it supported the new US strategy .
Foreign Minister Rangin Dadfar Spanta said that with international help , Afghanistan 's armed forces would be able to start taking responsibility for security in 18 months .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ’ve nearly stopped blogging , because all my spare time goes into writing Clojure in Action .
But I was a bit bored this weekend , and wrote this little library that can be used to write traditional looking Object - Oriented ( TM ) code in Clojure .
Why would you do that , when you can use a rifle - oriented programming style instead ?
Think of it like using the rifle as a club …
On the other had , the implementation makes plenty use of closures and macros , so it is probably a rifle - oriented program 🙂
The implementation is hosted on github , in a project called frumios .
And if you reall want to see it now , click below .
( ns org.rathore.amit.frumios.core ) ( declare new - object find - method ) ( defn new - class [ class - name parent methods ] ( let [ klass ( ( comp resolve symbol name ) class - name ) ] ( fn [ command & args ] ( cond ( = : parent command ) parent ( = : name command ) klass ( = : method - names command ) ( keys methods ) ( = : methods command ) methods ( = : new command ) ( new - object klass ) ( = : method command ) ( let [ [ method - name ] args ] ( find - method method - name methods parent ) ) : else ( throw ( RuntimeException .
( str " Unknown message : " command ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( def OBJECT ( new - class :org.rathore.amit.frumios.core/OBJECT nil {} ) ) ( def this ) ( defn new - object [ klass ] ( let [ state ( ref {} ) ] ( fn thiz [ command & args ] ( cond ( = : class command ) klass ( = : set ! command ) ( let [ [k v ] args ] ( dosync ( alter state assoc k v ) ) nil ) ( = : get command ) ( let [ [ key ] args ] ( state key ) ) : else ( let [ method ( klass : method command ) ] ( if method ( binding [ this thiz ] ( apply method args ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defn find - method [ method - name instance - methods parent - class ] ( let [ method ( instance - methods method - name ) ] ( or method ( if - not ( = #'org.rathore.amit.frumios.core/OBJECT
parent - class ) ( find - method method - name ( parent - class : methods ) ( parent - class : parent ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defn parent - class - spec [ sexprs ] ( let [ extends - spec ( filter #(= : extends ( first % ) ) sexprs ) extends ( first extends - spec ) ] ( if ( empty ? extends ) 'org.rathore.amit.frumios.core/OBJECT
( do ( if - not ( = 1 ( count extends - spec ) ) ( throw ( RuntimeException .
" defclass only accepts a single extends clause " ) ) ) ( if - not (= 2 ( count extends ) ) ( throw ( RuntimeException .
" the extends clause only accepts a single parent class " ) ) ) ( last extends ) ) ) ) ) ( defn method - spec [ sexpr ] ( let [ name ( keyword ( second sexpr ) ) remaining ( next sexpr ) ] {name ( conj remaining ' fn ) } ) ) ( defn method - specs [ sexprs ] ( let [ method - spec ? #(= ' method ( first % ) ) specs ( filter method - spec ? sexprs ) ] ( apply merge ( map method - spec sexprs ) ) ) ) ( defmacro defclass [ class - name & specs ] ( let [ parent - class - symbol ( parent - class - spec specs ) this - class - name ( keyword class - name ) fns ( method - specs specs ) ] `( def ~class - name ( new - class ~ this - class - name ( var ~ parent - class - symbol ) ~ ( or fns { } ) ) ) ) )
But first , examples –
( ns frumios - spec ) ( use ' org.rathore.amit.frumios.core ) ( defclass animal ( method sound [ ] " grr " ) ( method say - something [ ] ( str ( this : sound ) " , I say ! " ) ) ( method move [ ] " going ! " ) ) ( defclass cat ( : extends animal ) ( method sound [ ] " meow " ) )
There , that defines a simple class hierarchy .
Let ’s examine these classes –
frumios - spec > ( cat : parent ) #' frumios - spec/animal frumios - spec > ( animal : parent ) #'org.rathore.amit.frumios.core/OBJECT
frumios - spec > ( animal : method - names ) ( : move : say - something : sound ) frumios - spec > ( cat : method- names ) ( : sound )
Now , let ’s define a couple of instances –
( def a ( animal : new ) ) ( def c ( cat : new ) )
What can we do with these instances ?
Let ’s explore –
frumios - spec > ( c : class ) #' frumios - spec / cat frumios - spec > ( c : set ! : name " Mr. Muggles " ) nil frumios - spec > ( c : get : name ) " Mr. Muggles "
That ’s the basic stuff , how about calling methods ?
frumios - spec > ( a : move ) " going ! " frumios - spec > ( a : sound ) " grr " frumios - spec > ( c : sound ) " meow "
Notice how cat overrides the sound method .
OK , how about a method that calls another method ?
It calls for the this keyword .
Here it is in action –
frumios - spec > ( a : say - something ) " grr , I say ! " frumios - spec > ( c : say - something ) " meow , I say ! "
Notice how in the second call , ( this : sound ) resolved itself to the overridden sound method in the cat class .
That ’s subtype polymorphism , common to languages such as Java and Ruby .
We could use it to implement something like the template pattern .
We can do fairly arbitrary things with frumiOS –
( defclass person ( method greet [ visitor ] ( println " Hi " visitor " , I 'm here ! " ) ) ( method dob [ ] ( str " I was born on " ( this : get : birth - date ) ) ) ( method age [ ]
2 ) ( method experience [ years ] ( str years " years " ) ) ( method bio [ ] ( let [ msg ( str ( this : dob ) " , and have " ( this : experience ( this :age ) ) " of experience . " ) ] ( println msg ) ) ) )
Let ’s play with it –
frumios - spec > ( def kyle ( person : new ) ) #' frumios - spec / kyle frumios - spec > ( kyle : greet " rob " )
Hi rob , I 'm here !
nil
The bio method makes two calls using the this construct , one nested inside the other .
It works as expected –
frumios - spec > ( kyle : set ! : birth - date " 1977-01-01 " ) nil frumios - spec > ( kyle : bio ) I was born on 1977 - 01 - 01 , and have 2 years of experience .
nil
So there it is .
I ’m sure it does n’t do lots of stuff a real object - system does .
But at 70 lines of Clojure code , you ca n’t expect a whole lot more .
Silly as this is , I had fun writing it !
Click here to see how the frumiOS is implemented .
Web site logical path : [ www.psy.gla.ac.uk] [ ~ steve ] [ resources ] [ tactics ] [ this page ]
One minute papers
The basic idea is that at the end of your session ( e.g. lecture ) you ask students to spend one minute ( 60 seconds ) writing down their personal ( and anonymous ) answer to one or two questions , such as " What was least clear in this lecture ? " .
Then you collect the scraps of paper and brood over them afterwards , possibly responding in the next session .
It 's wonderful because it takes only a minute of the students ' time ( each ) , requires no technology or preparation , but gives you immediate insight into how your class is doing .
There are probably other benefits too .
That is the short version , which is all you really need to give it a try out .
Trying it out is probably , if it is at all possible , the best second step in understanding the technique .
However when you want more information , theory , and examples , then the rest of this document offers some .
The longer version
Credit might go to :
The " minute paper " has long been ascribed to Wilson as he was apparently the first to describe it in the literature : R.C. Wilson " Improving faculty teaching : Effective use of student evaluations and consultants " J. Higher Educ. vol.57 pp.192�211 ( 1986 ) .
More recently , it has been acknowledged that the original source of the idea was Berkeley physicist C. Schwartz .
See Barbara Gross Davis , Lynn Wood , and Robert C. Wilson , A Berkeley Compendium of Suggestions for Teaching with Excellence ( University of California , Berkeley ) ( 1983 ) available at http://teaching.berkeley.edu/compendium/suggestions/file95.html
See equally http://www-writing.berkeley.edu:16080/wab/2-2-gone.htm
I am addressing this note to teachers like myself : what they might do , and why .
However a student could usefully read this , and carry it out privately .
They could then use what they write for these one minute papers a ) as a useful study habit ; b ) as a procedure for generating a question to ask as part of their good practice in being a student .
Although your first uses are likely to be generic , if you use it regularly you can focus it to your particular concerns that day for that class , by designing questions with respect to the learning objectives , or important disciplinary skills , or the sequence of development important for that course .
Remaining Contents ( click to jump to a section )
" What question do you most wish to have answered at this moment ? "
[ I.e. tells you what you failed to get across , what you should fix at the start of next time . ]
" What was the main point of today 's lecture ? "
[ Often a lot of what you said went aross , but the overall point is not apparent to them , or not apparent that it WAS the chief point . ]
" What are the most important questions remaining unanswered ? "
So I Was Abducted By Aliens The Other Day
RATING 3.5 / 5 from 2 ratings fromratings show all ratings
Once an intellectual taboo , atheism has become one of the great growth industries of the third millennium .
Combative atheist titles like Christopher Hitchens 's God Is Not Great , Richard Dawkins 's The God Delusion , and Sam Harris 's The End of Faith become New York Times bestsellers ; faith - bashing films like Bill Maher 's documentary Religulous and Ricky Gervais 's comedy The Invention of Lying perform respectably at the box office ; a Trinity College study predicts that nonreligious Americans ( including atheists and milder skeptics such as agnostics ) will comprise 25 percent of the populace by 2029 .
Factor in President Barack Obama 's inaugural nod to " nonbelievers , " which followed earlier shout - outs from former president George W. Bush ( ! ) , and suddenly atheism looks like an improbable cultural juggernaut .
But might the aggressive stylings of Hitchens & Co. — dubbed the " New Atheists " by friends and foes alike — undercut their own efforts to spread the gospel of nonbelief ?
Hitchens , for example , has stated that religion " should be treated with ridicule , hatred , and contempt . "
And last July , atheist blogger PZ Myers — inspired by an old anti-Semitic smear — drove a rusty nail through a communion wafer ( considered the body of Jesus by Catholics when blessed ) , tossed both items in the trash , threw in a banana peel and some coffee grounds for good measure , and wrote about it gleefully in a post titled " The Great Desecration . "
( In a final flourish , Myers re-nailed the wafer to pages ripped from the Koran and The God Delusion . )
Among nonbelievers who see atheism as a movement , not just a private choice , there 's some concern that these extreme tactics could backfire .
When the Amherst , New York–based Center for Inquiry goadingly launched " Blasphemy Day " earlier this fall , for example , Paul Kurtz — the center 's founder and emeritus chair — accused participants of " go[ing ] beyond the bounds of civilized discourse in a pluralistic society , " and compared their output to Nazi-era caricatures of Jews .
This burgeoning disagreement is nasty enough that some participants and observers are using the S - word — schism — to describe it .
Which , when you think about it , kind of defeats the atheist point .
Enter Greg Epstein , Humanist chaplain at Harvard University and author of the just - published Good Without God : What a Million Nonreligious People Do Believe ( William Morrow ) .
Depending on your perspective , Epstein — a youthful ex-rocker from Flushing , Queens , who boasts graduate degrees from both the University of Michigan and Harvard Divinity School — is either a combatant in this brewing civil war or a peacemaker who could save atheism from itself .
Tonally , Epstein 's divergence from the New Atheists is sharp : he dreams not of decisively crushing faith , but of a future in which the godless and godly cozily co-exist , respecting each other 's convictions and even making common cause on issues of mutual concern .
Two years ago , this difference caused something of a crisis for Epstein when , prior to a conference celebrating the 30th anniversary of Harvard 's Humanist chaplaincy , he distributed a press release labeling Hitchens et al .
" atheist ' fundamentalists ' " — a term which , with its dual charge of mindlessness and hypocrisy , is about the most incendiary term one nonbeliever can throw at another .
An ugly row ensued , with Epstein claiming the phrase was misinterpreted and others rejecting that explanation .
( " There really seems to be only one appropriate response , " wrote atheist blogger and Epstein critic Brian Flemming .
" Fuck you . " )
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) -
If you ’ve ever thought that you literally feel other people ’s pain , you may be right .
A brain - imaging study suggests that some people have true physical reactions to others ’ injuries .
Using an imaging technique called functional MRI , UK researchers found evidence that people who say they feel vicarious pain do , in fact , have heightened activity in pain - sensing brain regions upon witnessing another person being hurt .
The findings , published in the journal Pain , could have implications for understanding , and possibly treating , cases of unexplained “ functional ” pain .
“ Patients with functional pain experience pain in the absence of an obvious disease or injury to explain their pain , ” explained Dr. Stuart W. G. Derbyshire of the University of Birmingham , one of the researchers on the new study .
“ Consequently , ” he told Reuters Health in an email , “ there is considerable effort to uncover other ways in which the pain might be generated . ”
Derbyshire said he now wants to study whether the brains of patients with functional pain respond to images of injury in the same way that the current study participants ’ did .
For the study , Derbyshire and colleague Jody Osborn first had 108 college students view several images of painful situations -- including athletes suffering sports injuries and patients receiving an injection .
Close to one - third of the students said that , for at least one image , they not only had an emotional reaction , but also fleetingly felt pain in the same site as the injury in the image .
Derbyshire and Osborn then took functional MRI scans of 10 of these “ responders , ” along with 10 “ non- responders ” who reported no pain while viewing the images .
Functional MRI charts changes in brain blood flow , allowing researchers to see which brain areas become more active in response to a particular stimulus .
Here , the researchers scanned participants ’ brains as they viewed either images of people in pain , images that were emotional but not painful , or neutral images .
The investigators found that while viewing the painful images , both responders and non-responders showed activity in the emotional centers of the brain .
But responders showed greater activity in pain - related brain regions compared with non-responders , and as compared with their own brain responses to the emotional images .
“ We think this confirms that at least some people have an actual physical reaction when observing others being injured or expressing pain , ” Derbyshire said .
He noted that the responders also tended to say that they avoided horror movies and disturbing images on the news “ so as to avoid being in pain ” -- which , the researcher said , is more than just an empathetic response .
As far as the potential practical implications of the findings , Derbyshire said it would be a “ reach ” to think that such brain mechanisms might be behind all functional pain .
But , he added , “ they might explain some of it . ”
SOURCE : Pain , online December 11 , 2009 .
Shares of Sears Holdings Corporation fell 12 percent on Thursday in Nasdaq trading after the retailer reported an unexpected second - quarter loss .
Excluding some items , the loss was 17 cents a share .
Analysts had projected profit of 35 cents , the average of six estimates compiled by Bloomberg News .
Sales at Sears stores in the United States open at least 12 months declined 13 percent as consumers bought fewer washers , dryers , refrigerators and clothing , the company said in a statement .
Same - store sales at Kmart , which is owned by Sears , fell 3.9 percent .
The retailer ’s net loss was $ 94 million , or 79 cents a share , in contrast to a profit of $ 65 million , or 50 cents a share , a year earlier , the company said .
Sales fell to $ 10.6 billion , from $ 11.76 billion in the year - ago quarter .
The results were below the $ 10.7 billion average estimate of analysts .
Jean Grave ( 1854-1939 ) was a prominent anarchist communist active in France .
He became editor of the anarchist paper , Le Révolté , in 1883 after Kropotkin was imprisoned following the Lyon trial of the anarchists ( see the Manifesto of the Anarchists : Lyon , 1883 , previously posted ) .
Grave changed the name of the paper to La Révolte in 1887 .
That paper was suppressed and Grave imprisoned by the French authorities in 1894 , shortly after Grave published Moribund Society and Anarchy in 1893 , from which the following excerpts are taken .
The translation is by the American anarchist , Voltairine de Cleyre ( 1866-1912 ) .
The anarchist rejection of the ideology of the so - called “ rule of law ” was something that distinguished them from other revolutionary currents .
Grave ’s critique is reminiscent of the earlier critique developed by William Godwin ( Anarchism : A Documentary History of Libertarian Ideas , Volume One , Selection 51 ) , although it is doubtful that Grave was familiar with Godwin ’s work .
Kropotkin developed a more sophisticated analysis of law in a variety of publications , including his essay , Law and Authority ( excerpted as Selection 52 in Anarchism , Volume One ) , where he argues that for the ideology of the “ rule of law ” to be widely accepted , the law must incorporate certain accepted social mores , such as prohibitions against murder , in order for specific laws benefitting the ruling classes to be accorded any legitimacy .
The Magistracy
Authority , as we have seen , springs from that right which arrogates force to itself .
But man having widened the field of his thought it became necessary for this authority to justify its existence .
Combining with religious sentiment and the support of the priests , it claimed to be of divine origin , assumed the form of an exclusive caste , and eventually succeeded in resisting the brutal power of the king and the nobles : thus the magistracy was founded .
And when the bourgeoisie seized power , in 1789 , they took care not to destroy this pillar of social order .
( Moreover , did not the nobility of gowns belong much more properly to the bourgeoisie than to the nobility of the sword ? )
They were thus relieved of the task of searching for a mode of recruit more in accord with the new aspirations .
Divine right having gotten a powerful shock in the decapitation of Louis XVI , the magistracy could not continue to lean upon the said right without the risk of likewise passing under this equalizing leveller .
Hence they invented , or rather deified , the “ law . ”
The magistracy was constituted its guardian and incorruptible administrator , so - called .
The trick was done ; the most redoubtable and necessary institution for the defence of privilege succeeded in preserving itself , and becoming the priestess of this new entity , the law , created by the new masters .
The submission of France to the regime of the “ law ” is , in fact , one of the conquests of ’ 89 whose benefits the bourgeois historians are exceedingly fond of setting forth .
The codification of authority , according to these , its censer - bearers , had the immediate effect of legitimizing the most shameless arbitrariness .
From then on Frenchmen were all to be equal ; the people no longer had anything to demand .
Thereafter there was to be but one master , before whom , it is true , all had to bow , which had the effect of equalizing their situations .
This master was the “ law . ”
But we who are not satisfied with words , when we try to find out what the workers have gained by this transformation , see that they have got just one more duping .
In fact , in the time of the absolute monarchy , when the king and the nobles constrained the peasant to serve them , there was no way of deceiving oneself about it ; the formula “ for such is our good pleasure ” showed whence they derived their rights : they claimed them by the right of the sword only , counting much more upon that than the divine will ; consequently it was upon force that their claim was based .
Their orders were obeyed , their claims were submitted to , but because the people were in no condition to resist them .
There were at least no imbeciles to come and say to us – repeating the phrases of the interested – that we must obey because it is “ the law , ” and it is the duty of everyone to conform thereto until it be changed .
If it be admitted that the law may change it is thereby presumed that the law may become retrogressive ; and to acknowledge that is to admit that from its very nature it may injure someone , for there are always individuals in advance of their generation .
The law , then , is not just ; it has not that respectable character with which men have sought to invest it .
If this law injures my interests or violates my liberty why should I be compelled to obey it , and what is the unalterable compact which can justify these abuses ?
In scientific matters when the savants after great research and labour at length formulate what is called a natural law , it is not because a majority or “ chamber , ” composed of persons believing themselves superior to the rest of us mortals , has decided , by virtue of its members ’ will , that natural forces were ordered to conform to such or such a mode of evolution .
We should laugh in the face of the imbecile who would make such a pretence .
When a natural law is proclaimed , it is because it has been discovered that if a certain phenomenon be produced , if a certain chemical combination had been effected , it is by virtue of such and such a force , or the existence of such and such affinities ; the environment in which the phenomenon took place being given , it was impossible for it to be otherwise .
Given forces set in motion under given conditions produce given results ; this is mathematical .
Therefore the newly - discovered law does not come upon the scene to govern the phenomenon , but to explain its causes , these laws may be discovered , doubted , and even denied ; the divers substances which compose our earth will none the less continue to combine according to their properties or affinities , the earth will turn , without any force being needed to protect the evolution thereof , or punish those who might want to “ violate the laws . ”
In our society it is otherwise .
These laws seem to be made to be violated ; because those who made them consulted only their personal preferences , the interests of those whom they represented , and the average degree of moral evolution in their epoch , without taking into account the character , tendencies , and affinities of those who were to submit to them — which , moreover , would be impossible , the diversity of individual character and tendencies being given .
Each estate has its laws ; nor can there be any single and universal law in sociology , as there is in physics , under penalty of its becoming arbitrary and inapplicable .
In fact there is not , in our society , a single law which does not injure some of its members , either in their material interests or their ideas ; not a single law which each triumphant party has not been able to turn against its adversaries .
Power once obtained , every illegal party becomes legal , for it is that party which , through its creatures , administers the “ law . ”
We may then conclude that the law being nothing but the will of the strongest , one is obliged to obey it only when too weak to resist it ; that nothing really legitimizes it , and that this famous “ legality ” is only a question of more or less force .
So when these rogues oppose the workers with their supreme argument , “ legality , ” the latter may laugh in their faces and ask if anyone ever came to consult the toilers about the making of those laws .
And even if the people should have adhered to these laws for a time , the latter could have no effectiveness except so long as those who accepted them continued to believe them useful , and were willing to conform to them .
It would be funny if under the pretext that at a given moment of our life we had agreed to a certain line of conduct , we were forced to adopt it for the rest of our existence , without being able to modify it , because to do so would be to displease a certain number of persons who , for one cause or another finding profit for themselves in the existing order , would like to crystallize their present condition .
But what is more ridiculous still , is the desire to subject us to the laws of past generations , the pretence that we should believe we owe respect and obedience to the fancies which it pleased certain nincompoops to codify and set up as laws fifty years ago !
The presumption of wanting to enslave the present to the conceptions of the past !
At this point we hear the recriminations of all the makers of laws and those that get their living out of them ; they naively fall into line and cry out with the others that society could not exist if there were no longer any laws ; that people would be cutting each other ’s throats if they had no tutelary authority to keep them in fear and respect of acquired rank and condition .
Later we shall see that , in spite of law and coercion , crimes continue to be committed ; that the laws are powerless to repress or prevent them , since they are the result of the vicious organization which governs us ; and that , consequently , we must not seek to maintain or to modify the laws , but to change the social system .
But what makes us still more indignant is that certain persons are audacious enough to set themselves up as judges of others .
So long as authority leaned upon its divine source , so long as justice passed for an emanation from God , we can understand that those invested with authority should have believed themselves peculiar beings , endowed by the divine will with a portion of its omnipotence and infallibility , and should have imagined themselves fit to distribute rewards and punishments to the herd of vulgar mortals .
But in our century of science and free criticism , when it is recognized that all men are kneaded out of the same dough , subject to the same passions , the same caprices , the same mistakes , today when an agonizing divinity no longer comes to animate with its breath the ever fallible reason of mortals , we ask ourselves how it comes that there are men ignorant enough , or presumptuous enough , to dare to assume in cold blood and with deliberate intent the terrible responsibility of taking away another man ’s life or any portion of his liberty .
When in the most ordinary affairs of daily life we are most of the time unable to succeed in analyzing not only the causes which prompt our immediate neighbours to act but very often the true motives of our own acts , how can anybody have the self - sufficiency to believe himself capable of disentangling the truth in an affair of which he knows neither the beginning , nor the actors , nor the motives which prompted their actions , and which comes before the tribunal only after being magnified , commented upon , distorted by the misrepresentations of those who participated in it in any way whatsoever or , more frequently , have heard of it only through the repetitions of others ?
You , who pose as severe and infallible judges of this man who has killed or robbed , do you know the motives which prompted him ?
Do you know the circumstances of environment , heredity , or even chance , which influenced his mind and led him to commit the act with which you reproach him ?
You , the implacable men that hurl your anathema against the accused whom public force has brought before your bar , have you ever asked yourselves whether , if placed in the same circumstances and surroundings under which this man acted , you would not have done worse ?
If , even , you were the impeccable , austere , and stainless men you are supposed to be , you , who with a word pitilessly cut off human life and liberty , you would not dare to utter your decisions if you had thoroughly reflected on human frailty ; were you conscious of what you are doing , you would recoil appalled before your task !
How could you help being troubled with nightmares !
How could your dreams help being peopled with spectres of the victims which your pretended justice creates every day !
Were it not for that official unconsciousness which stupidity and habit give , you would end by succumbing to the weight of remorse and the haunting of phantoms evoked by your judgments .
Our epoch of criticism and positive science no longer admits the principle of distributive justice , nor recognizes the legitimacy of a superior authority rewarding the good and chastising the wicked .
Against this ancient doctrine , which the conceptions of the age during one period of humanity ’s evolution rendered logical , we promulgate the opposite idea .
We no longer see actions as good or bad , except as they are agreeable or disagreeable to us , and in consequence act accordingly .
We approve or become enthusiastic , defend or attack , according to the benefit or injury received by our interests , our passions , and our conceptions of the ideal .
The common need of solidarity which leads people subjected to the same attacks to unite for their defence is to us the guarantee of a future social order less troubled than our own .
We do not judge , but work and struggle ; and we believe that universal harmony will result from the free action of all men , when once the suppression of private property no longer permits a handful of persons to enslave their fellows .
Hence we cannot admit that , six weeks or six years after an act has been committed , a group of persons supported by armed force should assemble to judge , in the name of some entity or other , and reward or punish the author of the act .
That is hypocrisy and cowardice .
You reproach a man with having killed , and to teach him that he was wrong you have him killed by the executioner , society ’s hired assassin !
The executioner and you have not even the excuse of having risked your own necks , since you proceed under cover of an armed force which protects you .
We are at war with the ruling caste : recognize , gentlemen of the magistracy , that you are its retainers , and let us alone with your big words and fine phrases .
Maintain the privileges whose care is confided to you , use the force which ignorance concedes to you , but leave justice in peace ; she has nothing to do with you !
That you might be able to judge appreciatively of the ignominy of your role in beating down others , we would like , O judges , that it might happen to you that , being innocent , you should fall into the clutches of your fellows , to be judged in your turn .
In such a situation you might learn what anguish and terror they have had to pass through who have filed before your bar , and whom you have tortured , you , magistrates , as the cat tortures the mouse .
With the floods of eloquence from the prosecuting attorney pleading against you rolling about your ears , you might see passing before your eyes the spectres of those unfortunates that , during your career , you have immolated upon the altar of social vengeance ; you might ask yourselves then , with terror , if they also were not innocent .
Oh yes , we would heartily wish that there might be one among you falsely accused , who should go through the terrors of those that come before your bar .
For if , his innocence being one day admitted , he were reinstated in his functions , it is strongly to be presumed that he would re-enter his place in the tribunal only to tear his robe and apologize for his criminal life as magistrate , judging haphazard and trafficking in human lives .
Jean Grave , Paris 1893
Omar bin Laden says he would ' like to be in a position to promote peace ' in interview in which he recalls hearing about 9/11 attacks
Having a famous father is not always easy : the burden of expectation can weigh heavily on young shoulders .
So what to do when your surname is Bin Laden ?
In an interview with the New Statesman , Omar bin Laden , the fourth eldest son of the world 's most wanted man , reveals himself as someone definitely not cut from the same cloth as his father .
Asked whether he plans to enter politics or public life , Omar says : " I do not believe that I would be a good politician – I have a habit of speaking the truth , even when it does not serve me well .
But I would like to be in a position to promote peace .
I believe that the United Nations would be ideal for me . "
Omar ended contact with his father , Osama bin Laden , in April 2001 .
He says he was asked once to take up arms at a meeting with his father 's fighters .
" His sons were in attendance , although none of us was a fighter , " Omar says .
" He spoke of how it is a great honour to give one 's life for Islam and said anyone who wanted to give their life should put their name on a paper in the mosque .
" He never asked me to join al - Qaida , but he did tell me I was the son chosen to carry on his work .
He was disappointed when I said I was not suited to that life .
I do not like disagreement or violence . "
As for his memory of the 11 September 2001 attacks in America that have made the Bin Laden name infamous , Omar says he was staying in the home of his father 's mother in Jeddah at the time .
" I had been sound asleep and was woken by my uncle yelling : ' Look what your father has done !'.
" I went into the sitting area and my family were gathered around the television .
I soon learned that America was under attack .
It was a very sad day . "
Omar , however , does not believe at that point that his father was behind the attack .
" I did not agree with my uncle 's reaction .
I never thought my father was capable of the carnage in America – it was too big for his small organisation .
" I can not speak for my father 's family .
This topic is too painful for us to talk about .
We were all so shocked by the suffering of those poor people that , after that morning , none of us ever had a conversation about it . "
Omar has , however , decided to bare all in a book , Growing Up Bin Laden , Osama 's Wife and Son take us Inside their Secret World , co-authored with his mother , Najwa , and bestselling writer Jean Sasson .
In the book , he goes on to say that while he initially refused to believe that his father was involved in the attack on the World Trade Center in New York , this view eventually changed : " Only much later , when he took personal credit for the attacks , did I know I must give up the luxury of doubt .
That was the moment to set aside the dream that I had indulged , feverishly hoping that the world was wrong and it was not my father who brought about that horrible day .
After hearing an audiotape of my father 's own words taking credit for the attacks , I faced the reality that he was the perpetrator behind the events of September 11 , 2001 .
This knowledge drives me into the blackest hole .
In his New Statesman interview , Omar says he does not seem to have suffered unduly for bearing the Bin Laden name .
He says people are courteous once they have overcome their initial reaction .
" People are surprised when they learn that I am the son of Osama bin Laden .
But once they get their wits in order , they are curious about my life and usually extend a hand of friendship , which leads me to believe that most people have very good hearts . "
In the book , which was published last month by St Martin 's Press , Omar reveals the conflicting emotions he holds for his father .
" Although I can not simply order my heart to stop loving my father , I do not agree with his behaviour , " he writes .
" There are times that I feel my heart swell with anger at his actions , which have harmed many people , people he did not know , as well as members of his own family .
" As the son of Osama bin Laden , I am truly sorry for all the terrible things that have happened , the innocent lives that have been destroyed , the grief that still lingers in many hearts . "
Angst vor Protesten Warenhaus stoppt Verkauf nordkoreanischer Jeans
Kein Konsum im Namen der Völkerverständigung : Kurz vor dem geplanten Verkaufsstart der ersten in Nordkorea produzierten Jeans hat ein schwedisches Warenhaus einen Rückzieher gemacht .
Als Grund gab es die Arbeitsbedingungen in dem international isolierten Land an .
< b> Sky remote control </b><br/>
Twelve years old and so good at its job , it is simply modified to accommodate each new addition to TV life .
Frazer Design came up with the form , Davids Associates the ergonomics .
So perfectly weighted that you know which way round it should sit in your hand , even with both eyes trained on the telly .
< b> Hadron Collider </b><br/>
Ergonomists helped design a better working environment for control room staff charged with operating the Large Hadron Collider at CERN .
Experts from CCD Design and the Ergonomics Consultancy in London made visits to the centre , just outside of Geneva , to interview staff , look at working practices and plot just how the new centre would operate .
< b> Cylinda Coffee pot</b><br/>
Danish architect Arne Jacobsen was an ergonomics natural .
His lovely , still - popular Egg chair accommodates the human form effortlessly .
His Cylinda tea and coffee pot , peerless exercises in Danish modern style from 1960 / 4 , are simply perfect to hold .
< b> Ford Focus</b><br/>
OK , so it 's not the coolest car on the road and God knows what Jeremy Clarkson would say .
But the Ford Focus was impeccably researched and , following " third - age testing " , adjusted to the needs of the older driver too .
Stable , practical and kind to the real grown ups .
Ford 's subtle bid , perhaps , to suck up the silver pound .
< b> Swiss
Air first class seats </b><br/>
While ergonomics has its roots in aeroplane design during the Second World War , it was the cockpit that received all the attention back then .
Now , it 's passengers who enjoy the benefits of good design .
Swiss Air 's seats , created by Priestman Goode combine architectural and ergonomic quality .
< b> The Aeron Chair</b><br/>
The poster product of ergonomics , launched by Herman Miller in 1994 and designed by Don Chadwick and Bill Stumpf , the Aeron 's got the lot : lumbar support , sacral support , endless possible adjustments , lightness .
Even Malcolm
Gladwell writes about it in his book Blink .
Ugly and expensive and worth every last cent .
Exhaustive audience research , oodles of so - called stylishness courtesy Syntes Design and endless ergonomic input from System Concepts Limited could n't save the Cocoon , which survived a mere year in the competitive mobile phone marketplace .
As the iPhone has gone on to prove , consumers rate apps over comfort any day .
Ergonomics shapes the products we use every day , from mobiles to motors .
Now , the Design Museum is celebrating this fascinating science .
Click More Pictures above for ' Everyday ergonomics gallery '
On 14 June 2007 , O2 launched a new phone , the Cocoon , with all the usual no -expense - spared festivities that accompany the introduction of new gadgets however small .
Champagne corks popped in the VIP area of the O2 Wireless Festival in Hyde Park as CSS and the Klaxons wandered by and the O2 marketing team talked breathlessly of the Cocoon 's unique features , stylishness and unparalleled music - playing qualities .
You can swoon over the Cocoon too , because from today , it 's on display at the Design Museum .
But it has n't been chosen for its musical charms .
Instead , it has a starring role as an example of applied ergonomics in a new exhibition which hopes to show us exactly what that means .
Those who are irritated by composites like Brangelina or Jedward wo n't like this , but ergonomics is a portmanteau word , too – a combination of the Greek ergos and nomos ( work and natural laws ) created by one Hywell Murrell 60 years ago .
It broadly means analysing how , why and when we use things in order to make design user - led , and not object led .
Ergonomists will tell you that ergonomics are invisible precisely because they work , but we 'll notice as soon as an object 's user - friendliness is not what it could be .
They reckon that we like ergonomic things best .
In the Cocoon 's case , its softly sculpted clamshell case , designed to be stroked and fondled by a stylish human hand , and its blue LED display telling us what it was up to ( " Hello ! " " Playing music ! " ) , were meant to make us feel this inanimate object was comfortable and friendly .
But did we fall for it ?
02 discontinued the Cocoon after a year .
Still , the Design Museum exhibition is far from a catalogue of disasters .
It 's even got the control desk from the CERN control room ( that bit functions fine , it 's just the Collider that 's problematic ) .
" It 's a huge scientific instrument , so it has to be right , " says the show 's curator Gemma Curtin .
" They studied everyone 's jobs , how they needed to be connected , how items had to be arranged on the desk . "
You do wonder , though , why they would n't study any of those things before coming up with a design .
Sometimes , ergonomics does seem a little like the science of the bleedin ' obvious .
And sometimes , it 's just brilliant .
Look at the black desks which passport officers sit behind in Heathrow Terminal 5 , the work of designer Paul Priestman plus ergonomists .
A white block of Corian is inserted into a cutaway corner to which the traveller naturally gravitates , lured by the bright whiteness .
At the passport desks where you enter Britain , this white block has its top corner cut away too , encouraging you to lean in to the passport officer , creating closer contact .
Stealthily good design .
Look at the Ford Focus , where a " third - age " simulation suit was used to enable designers to feel what it 's like to have a less - agile ageing body .
( " Designers are often young , and they can empathise with the elderly , but they do n't really know what the stiffening of old age feels like , " says Curtin . )
As a result , seat positions were raised and handles were made more grabbable .
According to Dr Mark Young , who started out studying psychology but is now senior lecturer in Human Centred Design at Brunel University , a lot of the original work in ergonomics was started during the Second World War .
" The altimeters in the cockpits were three dials , one reading hundreds of feet , one thousands and one tens of thousands .
People were reading the wrong dials , and people were dying .
Once research was done into how people actually read displays the problem was solved . "
Now displays are hybrid : we read rates of speed change better on an analogue dial and overall speed as one digital number .
Young , who particularly likes the safey aspects of ergonomics , is currently developing an in - car device to encourage safer , greener driving called the Footlite .
It should be launched in the next couple of years .
But as with everything , with ergonomics , there can be too much of a good thing .
And sometimes you can get away with none at all .
Designer Dick Powell , once celebrated for studying hundreds of women 's breasts when he created an ergonomic bra in the 1990s ( M&S bought it ) , was asked to turn his attention to the design of a horse saddle by a small independent maker .
Ten years on , the AMS Quantum saddle is a triumph ( horses can't speak , but their actions and stress - registering mats do ) .
Yet Powell reckons : " there 's more than enough ergonomics being applied .
It 's frustrating when the ergonomists tell you it 's not enough .
We usually design things to be produced in millions , and something has to give .
And look at the iPhone . "
Indeed , look at the iPhone .
It has every function imaginable except , unlike the Cocoon , the one of being comfortable to use .
And do we care ?
The sales figures answer that question very nicely .
Ergonomics : A magnificent seven
Click here for gallery
Hadron Collider
Ergonomists helped design a better working environment for control room staff charged with operating the Large Hadron Collider at CERN .
Experts from CCD Design and the Ergonomics Consultancy in London made visits to the centre , just outside of Geneva , to interview staff , look at working practices and plot just how the new centre would operate .
The Aeron Chair
The poster product of ergonomics , launched by Herman Miller in 1994 and designed by Don Chadwick and Bill Stumpf , the Aeron 's got the lot : lumbar support , sacral support , endless possible adjustments , lightness .
Even Malcolm
Gladwell writes about it in his book Blink .
Ugly and expensive and worth every last cent .
Swiss
Air first class seats
While ergonomics has its roots in aeroplane design during the Second World War , it was the cockpit that received all the attention back then .
Now , it 's passengers who enjoy the benefits of good design .
Swiss Air 's seats , created by Priestman Goode combine architectural and ergonomic quality .
O2 COCOON
Exhaustive audience research , oodles of so - called stylishness courtesy Syntes Design and endless ergonomic input from System Concepts Limited could n't save the Cocoon , which survived a mere year in the competitive mobile phone marketplace .
As the iPhone has gone on to prove , consumers rate apps over comfort any day .
Ford Focus
OK , so it 's not the coolest car on the road and God knows what Jeremy Clarkson would say .
But the Ford Focus was impeccably researched and , following " third - age testing " , adjusted to the needs of the older driver too .
Stable , practical and kind to the real grown ups .
Ford 's subtle bid , perhaps , to suck up the silver pound .
Cylinda Coffee pot
Danish architect Arne Jacobsen was an ergonomics natural .
His lovely , still - popular Egg chair accommodates the human form effortlessly .
His Cylinda tea and coffee pot , peerless exercises in Danish modern style from 1960 / 4 , are simply perfect to hold .
Sky remote control
Twelve years old and so good at its job , it is simply modified to accommodate each new addition to TV life .
Frazer Design came up with the form , Davids Associates the ergonomics .
So perfectly weighted that you know which way round it should sit in your hand , even with both eyes trained on the telly .
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
.
Full version is out !
- Watch 4 guys stumble around !
- 5 more destructible arenas !
- Improved " intelligency " after match
- modding possible !
.
Mention the words film and premiere and it's amazing how many people go weak - kneed and start cooing about " glitz " and " glamour " ; journalists who report on them tend to be less starry - eyed .
They have generally spent a lot of time standing and waiting in a pen , sometimes in the rain , praying they will be able to identify " the talent " in the passing traffic of bow ties and designer gowns .
They line up beside the red carpet , microphones primed , in the hope that the most photogenic actors will pause to shower them with something quotable , like royalty dispensing coins to the hungry groundlings .
The one thing they generally wo n't get is to see the film .
It 's not every day you see Winnie Madikizela - Mandela at a premiere , but that 's what happened last week .
She was in Johannesburg for the opening of Invictus , Clint Eastwood 's take on how Nelson Mandela turned the 1995 rugby World Cup into balm on the wounds of apartheid .
Mandela is played by Morgan Freeman , while the role of the South African rugby captain , Francois Pienaar , goes to Matt Damon .
This time , the carpet was yellow , instead of red , at the behest of a mobile phone company .
The venue was Emperors Palace , a pleasure dome and casino that could be in Las Vegas , or on the moon , or in fact anywhere but Africa .
A small crowd gathered to watch the entrance of actors and former rugby players reserved the biggest cheer for the imposingly tall , earstud - wearing Freeman .
For an actor , Mandela is surely the King Lear of non-fiction roles .
He is a man who has been all but sanctified in his own lifetime , and any attempt at impersonation could seem like meddling with a myth .
At least Gandhi was dead when Ben Kingsley performed his act of impertinence .
Freeman moved along the line of waiting journalists , and my turn came .
I found him to be a man of unflinching pithiness .
First I asked him to define the key to such a momentous role .
" I 'm not sure , " he said .
" I think maybe my height . "
He laughed .
I laughed and asked : " And the accent ? "
The actor replied : " Well , if you could get that ... I do n't know if I got it or not , but if I did , that 's one of the keys .
Trying to get as much of him as possible , working at him from the inside out , the best I could . "
I wondered whether it had been daunting .
" Once we got started , no ; but thinking about it , yeah . "
So , I asked , how important was Mandela 's gesture in throwing his weight behind the South African rugby team , traditionally favoured by whites and hated by blacks ?
Freeman replied : " Where are you from ? " I told him and he said : " You should ask the South Africans , do you know what I mean ? "
He moved along the line and spoke to more journalists .
A lady from the Associated Press asked him how he had prepared for the role .
" I studied , " he said .
Journalist : Did you meet with Mandela to prepare ?
Freeman : Lots of times , yes .
Journalist : What was it like ?
Freeman : Did you see the movie ?
That 's what he was like .
On this occasion , I had seen the movie , and was held from start to finish .
Freeman , who has grace and gravitas in spades , gets many of the mannerisms and expressions right , particularly Mandela 's posture and gait .
More importantly he embodies the effortless regality , wily pragmatism and magnanimity of the man , along with a shot of melancholy at his heart .
In one scene , the almost all - white Springboks team takes a boat trip to the former apartheid prison on Robben Island .
Pienaar steps into Mandela 's old cell and pulls the door shut after him .
He stands in silent contemplation of the tiny space .
Outside , in his mind 's eye , he can see Mandela in chains , breaking rocks .
When Freeman looks up from his labours , it 's not quite possible to put The Shawshank Redemption out of your mind , but the present dissolves into the past .
Sporting films have a natural trajectory towards an ending of tension , euphoria and catharsis .
South Africa win the World Cup and Mandela 's shrewd investment in cultural symbolism has paid off .
Standing outside Emperors Palace , I asked John Carlin , the British author of the book Invictus is based on , why he regarded it as such a masterstroke .
First , Carlin argues , Mandela used sport to turn black people away from vengeance and resentment and towards reconciliation .
Second , he was able to persuade white South Africans they had nothing to fear from his presidency .
Carlin , who reported from South Africa from 1989 to 1995 and met Mandela often , told me : " When he left prison in 1990 , most white South Africans thought the government was completely mad because they had been programmed to regard him as a great communist terrorist – South Africa 's Osama bin Laden .
In the space of five years , Mandela manages to turn that around to the point that practically the whole of white South Africa crowns him king at this rugby World Cup final . "
What would the Mandela of 1995 make of the South Africa of 2009 ?
Carlin replied : " I think he'd have mixed feelings .
I think in South Africa , to take a strident view one way or the other on what has happened here and say it 's all gone terribly wrong or fabulously right – both are ridiculous , silly , immature conclusions to reach . "
On the one hand , Carlin said , there is a sense of nationhood , political stability , rule of law , freedom of the press and solid democratic structures .
On the other , there is corruption , criminality and failing service delivery to the poor .
He described the former president Thabo Mbeki as " a disaster , a catastrophe " .
He added : " Mandela shares that view , I know . "
But the journalist of 27 years finds more to admire than despise here .
" Look where we are right now .
There 's a splendid casino / emporium type place ; there 's a highway right here with cars rushing past .
This is not Afghanistan .
The point is that South Africa , when I was here , seemed to have the distinct possibility as emerging as Afghanistan , as just becoming a wasteland .
" The words ' civil war ' were in the minds of a lot of people .
Certainly , there was a prospect of a hell of a lot of violence and the country really falling apart .
But 20 years after my arrival here , South Africa remains a stable country and is about to host the biggest public event in the world – the football World Cup . "
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Michael Schumacher will return to Formula 1 in 2010 , after Mercedes GP confirmed on Wednesday that the seven - time world champion is joining its team next year .
The German , who will turn 41 in January , has been linked with the outfit ever since Mercedes - Benz took over Brawn GP .
He finally concluded a three - year deal to make a sensational F1 return on Tuesday evening .
" The motivation I think is pretty straightforward , " Schumacher said .
" The call I got from Ross at the end of November concerning the chance to go racing , Mercedes being involved , I felt great .
" I never left the race track .
I was tired of F1 by the end of 2006 , but in three years of absence I got back all the energy that I am feeling right now .
I played around with motorbikes and I feel ready for some serious stuff now . "
Schumacher originally retired from F1 at the end of 2006 , and he had appeared fully content to be away from the pressures and strains of racing in motor sport 's top category .
He maintained links with F1 through an ambassadorial role with Ferrari , and his on - track activities revolved around outings in a kart and a move to motorcycle racing .
However , last season Schumacher agreed to a comeback as a temporary stand - in for the injured Felipe Massa at Ferrari .
Despite training hard for the return , however , Schumacher 's plans had to be called off due to a neck injury that he had sustained in a motorcycle crash earlier this year .
" It is obviously a topic that I understand is questioned , and I want to understand , " Schumacher said when asked about his neck .
" Before I gave a final okay I made sure that I was sure myself , and I can say 100 per cent the neck is no further issue .
" Unfortunately it was too close to the accident in the summer when I tried for Ferrari , but the time now is enough to have healed completely .
I can do everything I used to do , and no problem . "
The events of the summer appeared to have rekindled his enthusiasm for F1 and when Brawn GP failed to conclude a deal with world champion Jenson Button for 2010 , Schumacher was instantly installed as the favourite to replace him .
The deal could not be concluded until Schumacher 's neck was given the all - clear by doctors but once that happened , talks advanced quickly to seal the deal .
Schumacher 's move to Mercedes GP marks a reunion between himself and the German car maker that helped push him into F1 .
He raced for Mercedes - Benz as part of its junior driver programme , competing in world sportscar events during 1990 and 1991 .
Schumacher 's decision means that Mercedes GP will field an all - German driver line - up in 2010 , having already confirmed several weeks ago that Nico Rosberg will race for it .
I have been a psychologist , specialist , and a researcher for many years , but I have recently become concerned over something because it has become a joke .
is being described as an acceptable drug .
It 's subtle , but standup comedians , sitcoms , talk shows ; even some news stories turn the use of marijuana into a joke .
Just think of the Bill Maher show " Real Time . "
Maher is a very bright guy but every show he talks about - almost brags of his use of marijuana .
I do n't get it !
Marijuana is grown in such a way that we have no idea how many chemicals are in it - when they ( whoever they are ) grow it in what is described as an organic fashion ( without pesticides ) in water baths , for example , they boast at how much stronger it is .
Is anybody listening ?
The level of THC is stronger and we know that THC is dangerous to developing brains of tweens and teens and even to the adult brain .
As a jazz musician , " tea " ( as it was called back then ) , could always be smelled in the back rooms of jazz clubs and nobody really knew any better .
But now we do .
All I am asking is for the reader of this blog to note that marijuana is a drug ; it can affect the brain and body in a deleterious manner and we as a society need to start taking it more seriously .
David Kelly 's body was found near his Oxfordshire home in 2003 Six doctors are taking legal action to demand a formal inquest into the death of government scientist Dr David Kelly .
They say Lord Hutton 's conclusion that he killed himself is flawed and have approached the attorney general to get the issue considered at the High Court .
Dr Kelly 's body was found in 2003 after he was exposed as the source of a BBC story on the grounds for war in Iraq .
But Michael Powers QC said there was insufficient evidence to prove beyond reasonable doubt he killed himself .
' No fingerprints '
Instead of a coroner 's inquest , the then prime minister Tony Blair asked Lord Hutton to investigate the death .
Lord Hutton concluded he bled to death as a result of cutting his wrist and taking an overdose of painkillers .
But Dr Powers , a former assistant coroner , said the cuts would not have caused him to bleed to death and the dose of co-proxamol in Dr Kelly 's body was normal .
Any unnatural death has to be investigated properly .
This has not
David Halpin
Trauma surgeon
He said : " Suicide can not be presumed it has to be proven .
From the evidence that we have as to the circumstances of his death , in particular the aspect of haemorrhage , we do not believe that there was sufficient evidence to prove beyond reasonable doubt that he killed himself .
He said that there was not enough information to determine whether Dr Kelly was murdered or killed himself .
He added that the inquest should not have been left to Lord Hutton because he is not a coroner .
" There are many times in political life that the country needs to have an answer and the desire to have an answer overwhelms the desire to get the right answer , " he said .
' Assassination likely ' " I have no doubt that many of us when we read about this thought that he had killed himself .
But you can not be certain .
" Everyone 's death is significant .
This death had a significance which was greater and I feel that the process of the investigation of death ought to have been a thorough one .
That was not provided for him . "
Dr Powers and five other experts have instructed solicitors Leigh Day and Co to approach Attorney General Baroness Scotland .
The experts are trauma surgeon David Halpin , epidemiologist Andrew Rouse , surgeon Martin Birnstingl , radiologist Stephen Frost , and Chris Burns - Cox who specialises in internal general medicine .
Mr Halpin said : " We do n't believe that anyone , high profile or not , should go without an inquest in this country .
Any unnatural death has to be investigated properly .
This has not . "
He said his personal view was that it was " very likely " Dr Kelly was assassinated .
He said MP Norman Baker had uncovered information showing there were no fingerprints on the knife the scientist apparently used to slash his wrist , even though he was not wearing gloves .
Dr Powers said it was never made public how much blood Dr Kelly had actually lost and although there was very little co-proxamol in his body , three packets of 10 were found nearby with just one pill left .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this
United States Using Less Water than 35 Years Ago
Assistant Secretary Castle Gives Atlantic Water Summit Keynote Address
WASHINGTON , D.C. –The United States is using less water than during the peak years of 1975 and 1980 , according to water use estimates for 2005 .
Despite a 30 percent population increase during the past 25 years , overall water use has remained fairly stable according to a new U.S. Geological Survey report .
Assistant Secretary of the Interior Anne Castle announced the report , Estimated Use of Water in the United States in 2005 , as part of her keynote speech today at the Atlantic Water Summit in the National Press Club .
The report shows that in 2005 Americans used 410 billion gallons per day , slightly less than in 2000 .
The declines are attributed to the increased use of more efficient irrigation systems and alternative technologies at power plants .
Water withdrawals for public supply have increased steadily since 1950 – when USGS began the series of five - year trend reports–along with the population that depends on these supplies .
“ The importance of this type of data to the American public cannot be exaggerated , ” said Assistant Secretary for Water and Science Anne Castle .
“ The Department of the Interior provides the nation with the best source of information about national and regional trends in water withdrawals .
This information is invaluable in ensuring future water supplies and finding new technologies and efficiencies to conserve water . ”
Nearly half ( 49 percent ) of the 410 billion gallons per day used by Americans was for producing electricity at thermoelectric power plants .
Irrigation accounted for 31 percent and public supply 11 percent of the total .
The remaining 9 percent of the water was for self - supplied industrial , livestock , aquaculture , mining and rural domestic uses .
“ Because electricity generation and irrigation together accounted for a massive 80 percent of our water use in 2005 , the improvements in efficiency and technology give us hope for the future , ” Castle said .
“ The report also underscores the importance of recognizing the limits of the drinking water supplies on which our growing population depends .
While public - supply withdrawals have continued to increase overall , per capita use has decreased in many States during recent decades .
“ These are just a few examples of why , if we want to understand and address the nation ’s current water issues and prepare to answer future water questions , we need the data provided in this report , ” Castle noted .
The series of reports provides information valuable to states and water suppliers because the water - use estimates are broken down by state , source , and category of water use .
California , for example , is one of four states — joining Texas , Idaho , and Florida — that accounted for more than one - fourth of all fresh and saline water withdrawn in the United States in 2005 .
More than half ( 53 percent ) of the total withdrawals of 45,700 Mgal /d in California were for irrigation , and 28 percent were for thermoelectric power .
The largest uses of fresh surface water were power generation and irrigation , and the states with the largest fresh surface - water uses were California , Texas , Idaho and Illinois .
The largest use of fresh groundwater was irrigation , and the states with the largest fresh groundwater uses were California , Texas , Nebraska and Arkansas .
The majority of irrigation withdrawals and irrigated acres are in the Western states , but significant increases in irrigation have occurred in some Southeastern states .
Irrigation application rates have decreased steadily from 1950 to 2005 .
This decline is attributable to the increased use of more efficient irrigation systems .
The average amount of water withdrawn to produce a kilowatt - hour of electricity in the United States has decreased steadily from 1950 to 2005 .
This change is attributable to an increase in the number of power plants that use alternatives to once - through cooling .
Since 1950 , the USGS has compiled water use information by state in cooperation with state , local and other federal agencies and organizations .
The information reflects withdrawals from the nation ’s rivers , streams , lakes , estuaries and aquifers for major uses .
The full report is available at http://pubs.usgs.gov/circ/1344.
Additional water use information is available at http://water.usgs.gov/watuse/.
Time Warner Cable , Fox negotiations near 11th hour
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
So long , Simon Cowell .
Time Warner Cable 's customers could lose access to " American Idol , " " the Simpsons " and some of the NFL playoffs if the cable company fails to resolve a fee standoff with Fox by Dec. 31 .
" Oh , well ... who cares what congress does , right ?
Time warner might not have fox programming anymore !!!! " said one Twitter user whose focus quickly switched from Thursday 's health care vote .
The nation 's second largest cable provider is at odds with Fox 's parent company , News Corp. , as well as the Weather Channel and Scripps Networks whose content licensing contracts with Time Warner Cable will expire at the end of the year .
Like all cable companies , Time Warner Cable pays fees to networks to air their content on cable subscribers ' televisions .
Cable providers usually negotiate multi-year contracts with the networks .
Time Warner Cable is arguing that the fees the networks want to charge it to renew the contracts are too high , while the networks say they have to raise their fees to cover escalating costs .
This year 's negotiations between Time Warner Cable and News Corp. feature a new issue : Rupert Murdoch 's media conglomerate wants to charge the cable company a fee for airing its broadcast station , Fox .
Broadcast stations like NBC , ABC , CBS and Fox have traditionally been licensed to cable providers for free .
Until now , providers have only paid for cable networks .
But networks are finding it increasingly difficult to turn a profit on their broadcast channels as programming choices are ever - expanding and advertisers are paying less .
TV watchers can also get many of their favorite shows on the Internet from services like hulu.com , which offer Fox , NBC and ABC programs with very limited commercial interruptions .
Some companies are changing their strategies as a result .
CBS ( CBS , Fortune 500 ) and ABC 's parent company Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) are reportedly in negotiations with Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) to license streaming programming on the Apple TV product .
NBC 's parent company General Electric ( GE , Fortune 500 ) recently announced a deal with No. 1 cable provider Comcast ( CMCSA , Fortune 500 ) to hand over control of the broadcast station and its cable companies .
In a sign of the changing times , News Corp. says it wants $ 1 per subscriber for broadcast TV .
The network claims $ 1 is a reasonable charge , given that is what Time Warner Cable pays for most cable stations , which receive lower average ratings than Fox .
Not all local
Fox stations would be affected , because News Corp. does not own and operate all of the local affiliates .
Time Warner Cable said its customers in New York , Los Angeles and Dallas would lose their local Fox stations as well as the national network broadcasts .
Time Warner Cable has operations in some of the country 's biggest TV markets , including the southern California , New York state , Ohio , the Carolinas and Texas .
A public battle
The fight went public last month , when Time Warner Cable ( TWC ) and News Corp. ( NWS , Fortune 500 ) , began airing commercials and launched Web sites to convince viewers that the other party was acting unreasonably .
On its Web site rolloverorgettough.com , Time Warner Cable claims some networks are demanding up to a 300 % price increase , which will make the cable provider hike prices " significantly " for its customers to cover the costs .
News Corp. countered that Time Warner Cable is a highly profitable company , and " it can surely afford to fairly compensate broadcasters for that content without raising rates , " according to a posting on its Web site keepfoxon.com .
Time Warner Cable paid more than $ 3 billion in licensing fees to networks in the first nine months of 2009 , up 7 % from the same period in 2008 , the company said in a financial statement .
The cable company had an operating income of $ 4.7 billion this year through the end of September .
The other networks that are negotiating with Time Warner Cable have n't been as vocal as Fox , but remain in a standoff with the cable provider as well .
If the stalemate is not resolved at the end of next week , the company 's 13 million cable TV customers could lose the right to view News Corp . 's Fox and FX ; Scripps ' Food Network ; and the Weather Channel .
That 's not sitting well with many consumers on the blogosphere .
" I 'd die w/o fox ! " said one Twitter user on Thursday who urged followers to call Time Warner Cable to complain .
" I find it weird that time warner might be dumping all fox networks .
I do n't watch Idol , but ppl who do will b mad when they dont have it , " said another .
But many bloggers sided with Time Warner Cable .
" Sorry Fox -- Time Warner Cable Subs Say Take a Hike ! " one Twitter user posted .
" You go Time Warner ! " another said .
Others were looking to alternatives : " Fox and Time Warner are having a pissing contest ..... thank God for Dish Network ! "
Losing
Fox a 'very likely possibility '
Time Warner Cable said on its
Web site that in the event of a prolonged standoff , it would try to convince the networks to allow the company to continue airing their programming while negotiations are ongoing .
But the networks are under no obligation to do so .
A Fox spokesman said it is prepared to extend negotiations beyond the Dec. 31 deadline to get " fair compensation for the impressive value our Fox programming offers , " but the Fox signal will drop for Time Warner subscribers if a deal is not reached by the new year .
" While negotiations are ongoing , we have a responsibility to prepare our viewers for the very likely possibility that Time Warner Cable may choose to no longer carry Fox Broadcasting , Fox Cable and Fox regional sports programming , " the spokesman said .
A Time Warner Cable spokeswoman said negotiations with Fox are ongoing but that its current demands are " unreasonable and excessive , " especially in this economic climate .
" We hope Fox wo n't punish our customers by taking their programming away , " the spokeswoman said .
Issues over licensing fees are not uncommon at the end of the year , when networks ' contracts expire -- nor are public ads that try to sway customers .
Last year , Time Warner Cable and Viacom were engaged in a similar battle .
As the battle raged on , Viacom ( VIA ) , which owns MTV , Comedy Central and Nickelodeon , ran an ad that featured Dora the Explorer in tears : " Why is Dora crying ? " the Dec. 31 , 2008 ad said , " Time Warner Cable is taking Dora off the air tonight along with 19 of your favorite channels . "
The two parties eventually reached an agreement in the early hours of Jan. 1 .
It 's unlikely that the contract will not be resolved , since neither company would benefit ; Time Warner Cable subscribers would be annoyed to lose their programming , and the networks would lose 13 million viewers .
That would be especially damaging for Fox , which is set to air highly rated shows like " American Idol " and the NFL football playoffs in January .
This feature - length documentary pays tribute to CBQM , the radio station that operates out of Fort McPherson , a small town about 150 km north of the Arctic Circle in the Canadian Northwest Territories .
Through storytelling and old - time country music , filmmaker and long - time listener Dennis Allen crafts a nuanced portrait of the " Moccasin Telegraph , " the radio station that is a pillar of local identity and pride in this lively northern Teetl 'it Gwich 'in community of 800 souls .
. . .
But there are no Such Things as Words
Twas brillig and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe ;
All mimsy were the borogoves
And the mome raths outgrabe .
Jabberwocky
— Lewis Carroll
Remember the Jabberwocky 's song in Carroll 's Through the Looking - Glass ?
Pretty meaningless , huh ?
Still , it sounds " English " rather than , say , French or German or Italian .
That is why it is so amusing : it sounds like perfect English yet we cannot understand it .
Actually , we understand quite a bit about the poem even though we do n't understand it as a whole .
For example , what do we know about toves ?
Well , we know that there are more than one of them and that those mentioned here are slithy , whatever that is .
We know that slithy describes the toves as either like a slithe or having slithes .
We know that these slithy toves gyred and gimbled , and even though we do n't know what these actions are we know they are actions and something about when they took place .
How do we know all this , not knowing what any of the boldface parts of the words mean ?
The reason we know so much about the meaningless words in Carroll 's poem is that some of the words and parts of words are , in fact , English .
The English words are small , less prominent words , barely more prominent in their pronunciation than the parts of words , the prefixes and suffixes .
These small words and parts of words ( in plain type above ) are expressions that tell us nothing about the world , but only about the grammatical categories of the English language ; let 's call them morphemes , just to have a term for them .
The nonsense parts of the words in the Jabberwocky song above are all noun , verb , and adjective stems , the main parts of words without prefixes or suffixes .
Stems are also the linguistic things that refer to the world we live in .
Let 's call whole words and stems lexemes ; they are anything we use in speech that names or refers to things in the real world .
Morphemes will then be the words or parts of words that mark the categories of grammar which are the crucial stuff of language .
That is why they control whether we sense a spoken or written utterance is English or French or German .
No one has ever been able to define the word word despite gargantuan efforts to do so .
The Linguistic Concept of Word : An Analytic Bibliography by Alphonse Juilland and Alexandra Roceric lists 118 PAGES of books and articles ( unsuccessfully ) attempting to define the word word over the past 3 millennia .
Why can no one define word ?
Maybe because words simply do not exist ; rather , the sentences we speak are composed of lexemes and morphemes and these two linguistic objects differ too much to be subsumed under one concept .
The differences between these two linguistic elements are dramatic .
Here are the major ones .
Comparison of Lexemes and Morphemes Lexemes Morphemes Refer to real world Refer to grammatical categories May be derived Cannot be derived Always associated with sound Often not associated with sound Sounds always predetermined Sounds often depend on stem Are infinite in number Belong to a small , closed class
Let 's examine these differences .
Lexemes , remember , are basically noun , verb , and adjective stems or whole words : violin , play , small are lexemes .
They refer to things , actions , states , and qualities in the real world .
Suffixes like - ing , -s , -ed , prefixes like re- , ex - , un- , particles like the , not , so and prepositions like of , for , to are morphemes .
They refer to grammatical categories like Progressive Aspect ( - ing : am going ) , Plural Number ( - s : cars ) , Past Tense ( - ed : walked ) , Negation ( un- , not : unwanted ) , Definite ( the : the cat ) , Possession ( of : of my friend ) .
Lexemes like violin , play , and small are subject to derivation , a process which generates new words from others : violin > violin - ist , play > play - er , small > small - ness .
Morphemes do not undergo derivation even if they are not affixes which mark derivations themselves .
We do not find words derived from the , that , of , for , it .
Lexemes always comprise a sound plus a meaning but morphemes may have either one but not the other .
For example , if - er means " someone who does something " , as in runner , player , driver , what sound has that meaning in ( a ) cook , ( a ) guide , ( a ) cut -up ?
With these verbs , all we have to do is use them in a noun position , e.g. the cook guided us through the kitchen , and we know that the speaker is using the noun , not the verb .
( Leads one to wonder why we have affixes at all , does n't it ? )
On the other hand , morphemes some time show up with sound but not meaning .
Take the adjectives that end on - ic , e.g. histor - ic , meaning " having the property of history " from history .
There are lots of these derivations : climat - ic , theatr-ic , semant - ic .
But look at this series : dram - at - ic , spasm - at - ic , enigm - at - ic .
The meaning of these adjectives is the same as that of the " syntactic " class : " having the properties of X " , where " X " is the meaning of the underlying word .
However , they contain an extra morpheme , - at .
Why is that ?
Well , for some reason known only to the ancient Greeks , who enjoyed the same derivation , before adding - ic you had to insert a suffix - at if the stem ended on an [ m ] .
So , when English borrowed these words from Greece , the rule came with it .
The suffix - at probably had no meaning in Greek but it certainly has none in English , where it is simply required of all words borrowed from Greek ending on [ m ] when the suffix - ic is applied .
So not only do we find morpheme meanings without morphemes , we find morphemes without morphemic meaning .
The sounds of lexemes are always predetermined and remain ( more or less ) the same wherever they occur in a phrase .
The sound of a morpheme on the other hand , especially prefixes and suffixes may vary wildly .
The future tense in Tagalog ( or Philippino ) is formed by adding a prefix .
For example , bili is the verb stem meaning " buy " and bi-bili means " will buy " .
So , if kuha means " get " , " will get " should be bi-kuha , right ?
Wrong .
The future of kuha is ku-kuha .
Hey , what 's going on here ?
The verb meaning " laugh " is tawa ; " will laugh " is ta -tawa .
Catch on ?
What do you think the future of sulat " write " is ?
You are right if you guessed su-sulat .
Tagalog reduplicates the first syllable of the verb stem to make a prefix .
In other words , the sound of the prefix is not predetermined , but is determined by the sound of the stem .
The morpheme here is not a sound but a rule for creating sound .
Only morphemes may be rules for retrieving sound , never lexemes .
Tagalog Future Tense Stem Future bili " buy " bi-bili " will buy " kuha " get " ku-kuha " will get " punta " go " pu-punta " will go " sulat " write " su-sulat " will write " tawa " laugh " ta - tawa " will laugh "
is English with nonsense lexemes but real morphemes .
An important difference between lexemes and morphemes is that the former , but not the latter , belong to an open , unlimited class .
That means that there is no limit on the number of noun , verb , and adjective stems in any language .
New lexemes may be derived by compounding , affixation , and other rules ; they may be borrowed from other languages or simply made up .
The number of morphemes , however , is limited to around 200 .
Proto - Indo - European languages have fewer than 100 .
We are currently being inundated by new lexemes describing the categories , states and qualities of new technology .
We never meet a new preposition ( of , for , by , with ) , pronoun ( he , she , it ) , or article like a or the .
The fact that the number of morphemes and the categories they refer to is fixed suggests that they determine the grammar of a language .
That is why the Jabberwocky Song ' sounds ' like English even though it is incomprehensible .
ItEnglish with nonsense lexemes but real morphemes .
So , speaking is a bit more subtle than stringing ' words ' together in phrases .
Assuming that on is a word does not distinguish between the lexeme on in the oven is on , and the morpheme on in on the table .
Why is this important ?
It helps us understand the important difference between grammar and vocabulary .
The meaning of on the morpheme , but not that of the lexeme may expressed by a suffix in some languages , such as Finnish and Hungarian .
It helps us understand why children begin learning lexemes around the age of one , about a year before they begin learning grammar , represented by morphemes .
They only begin picking up morphemes around the age of two , when they begin using phrases .
Finally , it helps explain why chimpanzees can learn what seem to be lexemes but not morphemes ( morphemes represent grammar , the essential core of language ) .
Morphemes convey the categories of grammar itself , so if we want to understand language itself , we must understand first and foremost morphemes .
Lexemes are not going to tell us much about language .
Remember , the magic word is LINGUISTICS , a very new science , indeed .
Morphology is the study of words and their parts : morphemes and lexemes .
It examines the grammatical and semantic categories they convey as well as the sounds and sound changes caused by combining them .
It also explores the relations of words in sentences .
Or else what ?
White House officials acknowledged this week that they were not planning on using the ultimate cudgel : pulling all American troops .
Such a step would certainly get Mr. Karzai ’s attention  it might lead to his overthrow because his political survival is dependent on the presence of American troops .
But withdrawing all troops would not serve American interests , officials said ; aside from the chaos it could cause in Afghanistan , a pullout could tip the balance in even more volatile Pakistan , where the government is battling Taliban militants .
“ What if Karzai does n’t do what we ask and calls our bluff ? ” asked Richard Fontaine , a former foreign policy adviser to Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona .
“ What , do we go home now ?
If we set up this framework that demands X , Y and Z must be met within whatever time frame , that would only feed the fear and increase the hedging in Pakistan in a way that makes the situation even worse . ”
In an interview on Wednesday , senior White House officials said that they had other tools in mind , and that the new Afghan strategy would include goals that Mr. Karzai would be pushed to meet .
New measures will focus on areas like roads , electricity and schools , as well as corruption , the officials said .
While they declined to go into many specifics , the officials , speaking on the condition of anonymity because the Afghanistan review is not complete yet , said they had a range of diplomatic , financial and economic options if the targets were not met .
Image President Hamid Karzai campaigning in Kabul in August .
His government controls little of Afghanistan on its own .
Credit ... Tyler Hicks / The New York Times
One lever , they said , would be to shift money from Mr. Karzai ’s central government to provincial leaders who perform better than their national counterparts .
And although a complete withdrawal of American troops is not considered an option , Mr. Obama might endorse a partial withdrawal that would lead to a more limited counterinsurgency strategy initially advocated by Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.
A friend once told me , “ Will , you can go from 0 to Geek faster than anybody I know . ”
Let the reader beware .
I ’m a software engineer by profession .
That means that my number one tool , the tool I spend hours a day using , is a text editor .
Not a word processor ( though I use those , too ) , and not just any text editor ; a programmer ’s text editor .
Notepad is a text editor , but comparing it to a programmer ’s editor is like comparing a letter opener to a Leatherman tool .
Some programmers prefer to use an Integrated Development Environment ( IDE ) , that combines a text editor with all sorts of ancillary tools , including the language compiler .
But long - time programmers tend to have an old favorite , the editor of their youth , that not only does everything they need but which is graven into their very soul .
IDEs come and go , but the classic programmer ’s editors live on .
Better to stick with the tried and true than to master one set of quirks after another .
My favorite editor , the one that I ’ve used since the early 90’s , is Emacs .
I ’ve used Emacs on Windows PCs , on Mac OS X , and on a variety of flavors of Unix .
One of the things I like about Emacs is that it ’s the same on all these platforms .
If its conventions are different from those of most other applications , it ’s because it ’s older than they are ; and anyway , I ’m used to its quirks .
That said , getting Emacs to run on OS X has always been a bit of a chore .
I ’ve generally had to find the Emacs sources , download them , and build Emacs myself ; and then , when I upgrade my OS , my build always breaks and I have to download it again .
Some while back , though , the Free Software Foundation finally produced an OS X - native version of GNU Emacs : a genuine OS X application .
When I upgraded to OS X Leopard , this was the version that was available , and I downloaded it .
And yea , verily , it stanketh .
All sorts of little things did n’t work quite right ; and maddeningly , the cursor would occasionally leave ghost copies of itself as I moved around a text file .
And because there was now an official GNU pre-release , the sources I ’d relied on for Mac - specific build instructions had all dried up .
To be fair to the FSF folks , the OS X release was alpha software ; but it was the only release of GNU Emacs that was available , and it was a real pain to use .
This past October , a little after I started working on Robbie the Robot , I began looking at alternatives .
Now , there are other versions of Emacs , but I discounted these immediately .
I could probably have found an OS X - specific version of Xemacs ; but I ’ve never liked Xemacs .
There ’s another version called Aquamacs , which makes Emacs look even more like a standard OS X application ; but it changes the standard behavior to do so .
My goal is to use one and the same editor on every platform I use ; and I use Windows , Linux , and OS X .
So that was out .
Next , since I use a lot of ActiveState software , I decided to try KomodoEdit , the free version of ActiveState ’s Komodo IDE .
It ’s available on all three platforms , and is pretty much the same on all of them .
I used it for the rest of October and most of November , and I have to say that there ’s a lot to like about it .
I got comfortable with it , once I got all my quirky preferences dialed in , and was quickly productive .
I have to give the ActiveState guys credit ; they nearly got me long - term .
In the end , I abandoned KomodoEdit for three reasons :
There are functions that I use regularly , such as incremental search , that are just slow enough to be annoying .
I want my editor to be faster than I am .
Most programmer ’s editors let you remap the keystrokes to do what you want , and Komodo is no exception .
In fact , I really like the interface it uses for this .
But Emacs lets you change the keystrokes depending on what kind of file you ’re editing .
For every kind of programming language , you can have the precise tools you need at your finger tips .
If Komodo can do this , it was n’t obvious .
Keystroke macros execute much more slowly than in Emacs ( orders of magnitude more slowly ! ) , and are buggy besides .
KomodoEdit worked for me most of the time ; but there were times when I found myself falling back to Emacs because getting the job done in Komodo was just too painful .
So what next ?
Alas , there was one obvious choice remaining …a name I shudder to speak .
For an Emacs user to even think about it is rather like Luke Skywalker going over to the Dark Side .
Yes , it was time to take a look at ….
Vim !
For those of you who came in late , the two ( 2 ) ( count ’em , two ) classic programmer ’s are Emacs and VI .
( The names stand for “ Editing Macros ” and “ Visual Interface ” . )
Both were written to convert editors designed for use on teletype machines into something that was more pleasant to use on a CRT screen .
In doing so , they took radically different approaches .
And both have evolved considerably since then , meeting the needs of successive generations of programmers .
The classic “ vi ” is still available on pretty much every Unix system , but most “ vi ” programmers these days use ViM ( VI iMproved ) , which is has considerably more functionality .
I ’ve never been a “ vi ” user ; I know just enough to some very simple editing and save a program .
But it ’s the preferred tool of millions of programmers , and perhaps it was time to take another look .
Like Emacs , ViM is an old - school editor , proven on the field of battle ; like Emacs , it ’s available on every platform ; and , as I quickly discovered , the OS X version is compatible with the versions on the other platforms , and stable to boot .
So I spent the second have of November giving ViM a try .
Much though it pains me to say it , it ’s a good tool .
I was able to configure it to work the way I wanted , and I was able to be productive in it .
I got it to work identically on Linux and on OS X .
It had some quirks that I did n’t like ; but Emacs has some quirks that I do n’t like .
I ’m just used to them .
In the end , though , I returned to Emacs .
Not because it ’s as familiar as an old glove , surprisingly , but because ViM was becoming too familiar .
How can that be , you say ?
As I mentioned above , Emacs and VI took very different approaches to managing a screen interface .
And the plain , simple fact of the matter is , Emacs won .
The applications that you non-programmer types use that involve editing text — word processors , especially , but also e-mail programs and so forth — owe a lot more to the Emacs - style of editing than to VI .
In fact , I can remember a number of applications in days gone by that took a VI - like approach to text ; does anyone remember the “ Select ” word - processor ?
Ultimately they all tanked .
The basic difference can be described as follows .
In Emacs , as in almost every other application , typing a letter on the keyboard inserts that letter into your document .
You move around using the arrow keys and so forth .
You use control - keys , function keys , and menus to perform more complicated operations .
In ViM , your keyboard is like a giant game - pad of editing functionality .
Every key does something amazing and magical .
If I type “ %d ” on a line containing a left - parenthesis , for example , ViM will select and delete everything from the left - parenthesis to the matching right - parenthesis , taken into account any nested parenthesis , quotations , and so forth .
In order to actually input text , rather than edit it , I need to type “ i ” ( or any of a dozen other key sequences ) , enter the text , and then press Escape to go back to command mode .
Frankly , this odd scheme works .
It works well .
Once you become fluent , you can accomplish amazing things with much less typing than in other editors .
But !
It does n’t work in anything else , no matter how often you try .
It is very disconcerting to be writing an e-mail , need to edit something you ’ve typed , and have your fingers try to use the ViM commands to get the job done .
Cognitive dissonance , they call it .
So I decided , somewhat reluctantly , to give ViM a pass .
I gave up on having the same editor on all three platforms ; I ’d use KomodoEdit on the Mac , and Emacs everywhere else , and maybe someday the FSF guys would release a stable , non-stinky version of Emacs for OS X .
And so , last week , just before implementing this decision , I did a quick web - search — and , lo and behold , there ’s a new stable release of Emacs , 23.1 .
And it works just great on OS X .
Glory , glory , hallelujah , I ’m back in business .
Bye , bye , ViM. Bye , bye , KomodoEdit .
It was nice knowing you , but it ’s good to be back home .
Good article [ “ The Dopest Plea Deal Ever , ” Nov. 19 , City Weekly ] .
Thanks for the honorable mention .
I did a case with Danny Quintana that led to the sentencing guidelines being mandatory - to - advisory .
The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals finally decided that the War on Drugs was a euphemism , like the War on Poverty .
It managed to overlook a dozen points of legal error — like photographs of the crime scene disappearing in the middle of the trial once it was pointed out that they showed the millions of dollars seized at the scene when it was known that only $ 40,000 made it to the evidence room .
That defendant got 10 years for being present in a drug house .
He was a Mexican national who had only been in the United States for 20 days .
Judge Dee Benson decided that case , too , and he did everything in his power to reduce the mandatory sentence , but the defendant refused to admit that he had anything to do with the drug - dealing operation .
He was only in the drug house because he did n’t know anyone in Salt Lake City and did n’t have any place else to stay .
We argued , among other things , that the War on Drugs was legally a “ declared , imperfect war ” and that the mandatory sentencing guidelines violated international law , specifically the Geneva Convention .
Despite the commitment of nearly 90,000 U.S. military personnel and billions of dollars of military hardware and a general as our drug czar , the 10th Circuit decided that the War on Drugs was a euphemism and international law did not apply .
At the time , speaking out against the War on Drugs would have been political suicide , but this case and the multidisciplinary public debates we sponsored on the issue did result in the guidelines becoming advisory instead of mandatory .
Sounds like it was n’t quite enough to prevent abuse of the guidelines in Weldon Angelos ’ case .
That ’s the problem when the separation of powers is ignored .
The judiciary must be a check on the power of the executive .
Thanks again for keeping the problems with the guidelines and the War on Drugs in the forum of public debate .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
This article is the final installment of a 14 - part series that explored the core tenets of Get Rich Slowly .
Here 's the opening paragraph from my forthcoming book , Your Money : The Missing Manual .
It 's the sum of everything I 've learned during my five - year journey to get rich slowly :
You do n't want to be rich — you want to be happy .
Many people mistakenly believe that the former leads to the latter .
While it 's certainly true that money can help you achieve your goals , provide for your future , and make life more enjoyable , merely having money does n't guarantee happiness .
Many of us ( including me ) get wrapped up in the importance of money and the belief that having more money is the key to a better life .
But it 's not .
The key to a better life is increased happiness .
For some people , that does mean more money .
But according to the research Tal Ben- Shahar shares in his book Happier , most of us would be better served by :
Creating rituals around the things we love to do .
Expressing gratitude for the good things in our lives .
Setting meaningful goals that reflect our values and interests .
Playing to our strengths instead of dwelling on weaknesses .
Simplifying our lives — not just the Stuff , but the time .
We 're more likely to lead happy lives by putting these principles into practice than by getting another raise at work — especially if the increased income would only lead to increased spending .
When we focus on monetary goals , we run the risk of becoming trapped on the “ hedonic treadmill ” ( also known as lifestyle inflation ) , working harder and harder to make more and more money .
This does not lead to happiness .
Related >>
The Ongoing Battle With Lifestyle Inflation
Sometimes Money Can Buy Happiness
Wealth and happiness are n't mutually exclusive , of course .
According to financial writer Jonathan Clements , financial stability improves well - being in three ways :
If you have money , you do n't have to worry about it .
By living below your means , you can obtain a degree of financial control even if you are n't rich .
Avoiding debt gives you options .
By living below your means , you can obtain a degree of financial control even if you are n't rich .
Avoiding debt gives you options .
Money can give you the freedom to pursue your passions .
What is it you want out of life ?
What gives you a sense of purpose ?
These are the sorts of things you want to pursue in retirement .
Better yet , try to structure your career around something you love to do .
What is it you want out of life ?
What gives you a sense of purpose ?
These are the sorts of things you want to pursue in retirement .
Better yet , try to structure your career around something you love to do .
Money can buy you time with friends and family .
In fact , Clements says , true wealth comes from relationships , not from dollars and cents .
Social capital is worth more than financial capital .
Related >>
The Value of Social Capital
Money is a tool .
As with any tool , a skilled craftsman can use it to build something amazing : a meaningful life filled with family and friends .
But if you 're not careful , if you do n't have a plan , the life you construct with your money can be a tenuous thing — even dangerous .
Lessons Learned
Studies show that the pursuit of money is less likely to bring personal fulfillment than focusing on self - improvement and , especially , close relationships with others .
Here are a handful of lessons I 've learned during my research into the connection between money and wealth .
I did n't come up with any of these ideas ; they 're products of actual research into what makes us happy :
People who are materialistic tend to be less happy than those who are n't .
If your aim is to have more money and more Stuff , you 'll be less content than others whose goals are built around relationships or mental / spiritual fulfillment .
( Because I 'm a perma - geek , I 'm always reminded of what Princess Leia says to Han Solo in Star Wars : “ If money is all that you love , then that 's what you 'll receive . ” )
If your aim is to have more money and more Stuff , you 'll be less content than others whose goals are built around relationships or mental / spiritual fulfillment .
( Because I 'm a perma - geek , I 'm always reminded of what Princess Leia says to Han Solo in : “ If money is all that you love , then that 's what you 'll receive . ” )
Oversaving does not lead to happiness .
While it 's important to save for the future ( and to cope with current emergencies ) , research shows that oversaving can actually have a negative impact on your quality of life .
If you 're meeting your goals for saving , it 's okay to spend some on the things that make you happy .
While it 's important to save for the future ( and to cope with current emergencies ) , research shows that oversaving can actually have a negative impact on your quality of life .
If you 're meeting your goals for saving , it 's okay to spend some on the things that make you happy .
Experiences tend to make us happier than material things .
We have different reactions to the money we spend on experiences and the money we spend on Stuff :
When we spend on experiences , our perceptions are magnified ( meaning we feel happier or sadder than when we spend on Stuff ) , and the feelings tend to linger longer .
And since most of our experiences are positive , spending on activities instead of material goods generally makes us happier .
We have different reactions to the money we spend on experiences and the money we spend on Stuff :
When we spend on experiences , our perceptions are magnified ( meaning we feel happier or sadder than when we spend on Stuff ) , and the feelings tend to linger longer .
And since most of our experiences are positive , spending on activities instead of material goods generally makes us happier .
When we lower our expectations , our happiness increases .
High expectations come when we compare ourselves to others or when we 're bombarded by advertising .
We come to accept the things we see on TV as “ normal , ” and because we do n't have these things , we feel inadequate .
Our expectations rise , and before long we 're caught up in lifestyle inflation .
But if we can consciously manage our expectations — both financial and otherwise — we can increase our sense of well - being .
Really , there 's only one way to ever be satisfied with how much money you have :
You must define how much is Enough .
True happiness comes when you learn to be content with what you have .
If you do n't take the time to figure out what Enough means to you , you 'll always be unhappy with your financial situation .
How Much is Enough ?
Enough looks different to each of us .
It 's not just different amounts of money , but different types of wealth .
For me , Enough is having my home paid off and cash set aside to let me buy books and go out to dinner with my wife once in a while .
For you , Enough may mean living in a small apartment but owning a boat and having the freedom to sail for months at a time .
To find Enough , you have to set goals .
You have to look inside to find your values .
It can take months or years to get clear on what makes a meaningful life for you , but after you 've done this , you can make choices that reflect your priorities .
After all , that 's why you 're doing this .
You 're not building wealth just so you can bathe in buckets of cash .
You 're building wealth so you do n't have to worry about money , so you can pursue your passions , and so you can spend time with your family and friends .
Remember , my friends :
True wealth is n't about money .
True wealth is about relationships , about good health , and about continued self - improvement .
True wealth is about happiness .
Ultimately , it 's more important to be happy than it is to be rich .
Here 's a bit more on this subject :
This is the final installment of a 14 - part series that explored my financial philosophy .
These are the core tenets of Get Rich Slowly .
Other parts include :
Thanks , everyone , for indulging me with this .
It felt good to set down my philosophy into a semi-coherent series .
Sergei Zubov : “ SKA could defeat any NHL team ” ( Photo © Bruce Bennett / Getty Images )
In the interview posted on KHL official site , SKA St. Petersburg ’s Sergei Zubov talks about the differences between the NHL and the KHL , gives his opinion on personal awards and compares veterans ’ and youngsters ’ contribution to a team ’s success .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation of the interview .
Judging by last month ’s stats , your needed period of adaptation to Russia is complete .
You can say that , I guess .
I ’ve spent the first two months to adapt to new hockey and new size rink .
I ’ve tried to understand the style of my team and of the opponents .
Because of this I could n’t perform up to my possibilities .
Now I am rather accustomed and thus I play well .
My team helped me a lot – in the last few weeks played simply great .
In this team it ’s hard not to play well .
When you came back , you remembered the different style of hockey in Russia or you had to start it again from scratch ?
It ’s something closer to the second thing you said .
Hockey here differs a bit from the one I played for long time in North America .
The most complicated thing for me was to get used to the biggest rinks , which influences their hockey style .
Did Russian hockey change much since your depart for America in the 90s ?
It ’s rather changed , but I do n’t think it changed radically .
In those years many talented Russian guys left the country almost at the same time and Russian hockey suffered a lot for this .
But I think that it recovered quickly and Russian League was again one of the world ’s best .
Now it ’s the position of Russian hockey that pleases me , it ’s clearly rising .
You can see it from the new arenas , built in all around the nation , full stands .
They are almost sold - out – except in Moscow .
SKA is a veteran team , at least it ’s leaders are not very young .
At the same time one ca n’t say that SKA is a slow team .
How would you explain this ?
As they say , an old ox makes a straight furrow .
I think that as players get old , they can gain experience and mastery , but also remain in good physical conditions .
In most of cases it ’s the experience that makes you win matches .
I seen teams in the KHL who count on quick , talented players , but we defeated such teams , because these guys do n’t have yet what it takes during the key ’s moment of the match , they do n’t know what to do and where to go .
I think that an experienced player , who pays attention to his health , trains and acts correctly , is n’t going to have less speed and stamina than younger players .
This is why all our “ elders ” get on ice and play with the main team almost any match .
By the way , about the main team .
You are one of the team leaders ’ for average time on ice .
Did you ask the coach not to spare you or Zubov is thought as indispensable to the team ?
I do n’t know who thinks what , but I never asked anyone such a question .
I ’m really pleased to play a lot .
And I ’m also pleased to show my coaches that I am in good physical conditions .
You have been KHL ’s top defenseman for November .
How do you like getting such accomplishments ?
I do n’t pay too much attention to them , I generally do n’t care too much about personal acknowledgments .
The most important thing for me are the concrete results .
For example , I was very disappointed after the loss against Atlant .
I was simply destroyed .
I do n’t like losing , and ever defeat brings me bad memories .
How should a defenceman ’s performance be evaluated ?
Some awards in fact are guilty of considering the best defenseman as the one who scores more points .
Defensemen should help the team defending , and scoring points is for forwards .
I think that a defenseman ’s tasks should be , qualitatively , work until the final buzzer on defense and , if a possibility arises , go attacking .
If I score after I allowed a goal in my net , it still does n’t redeem my fault .
Nevertheless you regularly manage to upset opposition goalies .
So far you have five goals under your belt .
But what ’s your record in a season ?
Ca n’t say .
I ’ve never counted or kept in mind .
I do n’t consider scoring goals my main task .
I ’ll explain .
In any league I go , I want to win it , in any game I hit the ice , my goal is the win .
The aim is either reached or not .
What do my points have to do with it ?
There are twenty players in our team , everyone has to step up and give his contribution .
I never boast that my contribution is bigger than others ’ .
And how do you judge the common opinion that the level of Russian hockey is n’t as good as the North American one ?
I do n’t agree .
Playing style is determined by the rinks ’ size .
Here there are less physical play , less shots because there is more space .
And that ’s why the game here looks softer and slower .
If we put SKA in the NHL today , could they compete at an equal level ?
Yeah , they could .
Our team is ready to face and even defeat any NHL team .
Passengers should not have been allowed to take their bags with them when rescued , Eurotunnel says Eurotunnel has accused Eurostar of ignoring safety rules when evacuating passengers from trains last weekend .
The Channel Tunnel operator said evacuations were prolonged because people took bags with them " in complete violation " of safety procedures .
It also rejected claims it contributed to the chaos when 2,000 people were trapped in five broken down trains .
Eurostar said an independent review currently being carried out would " establish the truth once and for all " .
In a statement , the company said passengers ' safety " was not compromised at any time " , but voiced concern that officials at Eurotunnel had " misunderstood " the nature of the review .
" In our view they should allow the panel of experts to get on with the review and let the facts speak for themselves , " Eurostar said .
" The remit of the review is much wider than just the evacuation of passengers from the tunnel and looks at all of the circumstances both before and after the 18 and 19 December . "
' Movement of worry '
In a bulletin issued to shareholders on Christmas Day , Eurotunnel said it had been " unfairly criticised for not having reacted correctly " after the breakdowns , which were caused by condensation entering the high - speed trains ' electrical systems .
It also criticised Eurostar 's communication with travellers on board the stricken trains .
We have been unjustly suspected in some quarters of not reacting in an appropriate way
Eurotunnel statement Eurotunnel said : " Although in continued contact with our teams , it is clear the Eurostar teams obviously did not give the right information to passengers . "
This had " led to a movement of worry " , which was made worse by Eurostar staff who , " in total disregard of safety procedures , told the passengers to bring their luggage with them " .
Eurotunnel also said it was " unacceptable " that several Eurostar staff from the evacuated trains had been " complaining that they needed to be relieved " from duty .
The BBC's Greg Wood said the statement represented an unprecedented attack by Eurotunnel on its most prominent customer .
Eurotunnel also criticised Kent Police , claiming officers had " conducted a series of incomprehensible and interminable checks and controls " during the crisis .
In response , a spokesman for the force said : " We will discuss any specific concerns if raised through the appropriate channels . "
' Unjustly suspected ' Eurostar has admitted a communications failure , but last week also partly blamed Eurotunnel , which it said was responsible for evacuations and for relaying information to passengers in the tunnel .
But Eurotunnel said its staff had reacted quickly to help stranded passengers and had not failed to communicate with them .
Its statement said : " Although ... our teams took actions in a rapid and professional manner going beyond their normal responsibilities , we have been unjustly suspected in some quarters of not reacting in an appropriate way . "
Eurostar was criticised for its response to the travel problems at the time Some passengers spent hours trapped in the tunnel on the night of 18 December .
Eurostar cancelled all services for three days to establish what went wrong and carry out safety tests .
The company says it will run a normal service on 26 December , with 40 trains on the regular routes linking London with Paris and Brussels .
As well as providing tunnel services , Eurotunnel also runs its own cross -Channel shuttle services for cars and freight carriers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As any diligent weekend reader knows , we do n't just find and explain the news around here , we like to do stuff ; hack things ; make gadgets better .
Here 's the cream of this year 's how to guide crop :
Advertisement
Make Your PC and Mac Share Stuff Like Best Friends : Getting PCs and Macs to play nice over a home network seems like something that should be trivially easy by now ; incompatibilities like that feel like a relic from the 90s .
Yet somehow , after all these years , it 's still a pain in the ass .
Unless , of course , you read this guide .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Totally Overhaul Your Phones With Google Voice :
You 've probably heard about Google Voice in abstract terms , and with a unified , multi- phone phone number , a web - based voicemail dashboard , free text messaging and cheap international calls , it probably sounds great .
Also : confusing .
Here 's how to get totally and painlessly set up with Google Voice .
Advertisement
Clean Your Filthy Gadgets : Look down at your keyboard .
Your smartphone .
Your PMP .
Your DSLR .
Your HDTV .
Notice how some of the most expensive things you own are completely disgusting ?
Here 's how to clean them up on the cheap .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Back Up Any Smartphone : Smartphones do just about everything your PC used to , so why do n't we care about backing them up ?
We should , and in this post , we do .
i Phone , Pre , WinMo , BlackBerry , Android — instructions are all there , ready to indulge your sexxxilyy cautious urges .
How To : Back Up Any Smartphone
You back up your computers , or at least know that you should .
But what about your smartphones ?
They Read more
Advertisement
Make Windows 7 Play Nice With All Your Gadgets : Windows 7 is the first version of Windows that really respects the gadget hound — it knows us , it understands us , and it gives us tools .
Getting your media players , phones , network devices , displays and cameras to work with Windows is easier than it 's ever been , but it 's also fairly different than it used to be .
If you sense tension between your gear and your new Windows 7 PC , look no further .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hackintosh a Dell Mini 10v Into the Ultimate Snow Leopard Netbook : From dumpy
Dell to full - on Mac netbook in one lazy afternoon .
I use mine everyday ( for pooping ! ) and you will to .
Advertisement
Survive Boot Camp ( and Run Win 7 on a Mac ) : Boot Camp , the Mac app that lets you dual boot Windows with OS X , works pretty well , except when it does n't .
Matt runs us through the simplest ways to make sure your Windows 7 install goes smoothly , and how to salvage it when it does n't .
Advertisement
Advertisement
How To : Virtualize Any OS For Free : A great man once said , " Any sufficiently advanced virtualization software is indistinguishable from magic . "
Something like that , yes !
Who cares .
Point is , Virtualbox is free , and it lets you install pretty much any OS within any other OS , so you can introduce your Zune to your Mac , your Word to your Linux , your Ubuntu to your Snow Pussy .
Again , magic !
And again , free !
Advertisement
Install Homebrew On Palm Pre 1.2.1 There 's really no reason not to crack your Pre open for homebrew , which offers new apps , new functionality , themes , etc .
Plus , software updates do n't usually break your patches , like iPhone updates do jailbreaks .
The version numbers in this guide are old and the software tools a bit different , but hey , the equivalent tools still work .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rip Your Music Like a Pro : Please , please do n't just leave your music ripping up to iTunes .
Do right by your music , by ripping it as cleanly and purely as possible .
It 's actually pretty easy , once you 've got the right tools .
Your ears will thank you .
Advertisement
Back Up All Your Stuff For Free , No Hard Drive Needed : Excuse the grotty MacBook , it 's been replaced .
Which was pretty painless , because I backed up all my important stuff for free !
Peace of mind , people .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Kick Your Torrent Addiction With Usenet : Usenet trolls sent me actual death threats over posting this article , which apparently threatened to ruin their top - secret file haven ( did you jerks know I went on the radio with this thing ?
Ha ! )
So it with it with the utmost glee that I backlink here .
Usenet is awesome — faster than just about anything else , and full of sweet , sweet file z s .
Here 's how you , person who does n't really know what Usenet is , can be saturdating your internet connection within an hour .
Advertisement
Bake Your Own Chrome OS , Right Now :
You can actually download the real Chrome now , so it would n't really make much sense to follow this guide today .
But it 's worth a read , if just to see how close Chrome matched our sad , modest expectations .
To the people who said they hope Chrome is nothing like the imagined version in this post : oh well !
Advertisement
Advertisement
Install Windows Mobile 6.5 Right Now : A lot of newer Windows Mobile phones have official updaters , so you can bring your handset up to speed without resorting to hacks .
Older ones , though , do n't .
The ROMs will be different that listed in this guide — better , now — but the process still works .
Advertisement
Calibrate Your Turntable For the Best Possible Sound : Because having a poorly calibrated turntable is more damaging to your audiophile cred than not having one at all .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Manage An All - Lossless Music Library With iTunes : From a music listener 's standpoint , lossless music is the way to go .
From a person - who - has - to - use - iTunes - because - that 's - just - how - things - are - nowadays ' standpoint , it does n't .
Luckily , it is possible to make iTunes and a lossless library play nice .
Advertisement
Remote Control Your Home Computer From Anywhere With VNC : VNC , light of my life , fire of my loins .
My sin , my soul .
Vee - Enn-See : the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap , at three , on the teeth .
Vee. Enn. See .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Use BitTorrent Like a Pro :
It 's embarrassing to admit that you do n't know how to use torrents properly in this day in age , but let 's face it — most people do n't .
Give them this guide !
Or use it yourself , discreetly .
Advertisement
Create Stunningly Realistic High Dynamic Range Photographs : Love them or hate them , high dynamic range ( HDR ) photos are something any good photographer should know how to take .
Ex Gizzer Johnathan Mahoogles lays down the steps to snapping hyperreal photos , one by one .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rip Blu-ray Discs : Optical media is dead !
Well , it should be .
Here 's how to help kill it , by ripping your entire Blu-ray collection to your PC where it belongs .
Advertisement
Hackintosh a Dell Mini 9 Into the Ultimate OS X Netbook : Remember that Dell 10 v hackintosh guide up above ?
This is that , except for the older , more popular Dell Mini 9 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Install Ubuntu On Your PS3 For Vintage Gaming Emulation :
So your PS3 can run Linux , BFD .
But what the really means is that your PS3 can play pretty much any vintage game , ever , through emulators .
It 's all about phrasing !
Advertisement
Add Wi-Fi To Your Xbox 360 Smartly and Cheaply : I was really hoping this guide would be obsolete by now , but man , Xbox wireless adapters are still way , way too expensive .
Buying and bridging an entire router , as described here , is still a better deal .
Advertisement
So that 's about it ( for this year ) !
Let us know in the comments if there 's anything you 'd like to see in 2010 .
Happy holidays , folks .
This week 's Big Picture winner - and recipient of a Nikon Coolpix P90 camera worth £ 379.99 - is Simon Tupper from Alton in Hampshire for this shot of an Indian man carving into a wall in Amritsar .
Recent inclusion on our website are Canon CLI series , photo ink for Epson R1900 ink cartridges , Photo R2400 ink cartridges , Lexmark Z615 cartridges and JR Ink Refill kits .
We stock original ( OEM ) , genuine ink and compatible inkjet cartridges , ink refill kits , laser jet toners and printers .
Our range includes Hewlett Packard , Epson , Canon Pixma ink , Compaq , Kodak , Lexmark , Samsung and Xerox .
If you are looking for AMAZING SAVINGS on brand name compatible ink cartridges such as Ink Rite , Jet Tec and Print - Rite then you have come to the right place .
Printer Ink Cartridges , Buy at Best Price Online at Ink Raider HP Ink Cartridges
When it comes to buying ink cartridges online , thousands of customer 's prefer Ink Raider to get best prices .
Ink Raider , has become the UK 's most authorized place for savings on printer supplies .
Because of Ink raider 's massive stock and fast delivery service , you will definitely find a printer ink cartridge for your printing machine of any brand .
And a cheaper ink cartridge is available for most OEM brands .
Ink cartridges can be bought cheaper from ink raider all the time .
Save Every time you shop , simply compare our price with other companies providing printer supplies and see for yourself .
We provide a 100 % guarantee on our quality of ink cartridges and valued for money .
Placing an order with us is going to be the most convenient and cost - effective online shopping experience of original inkjet cartridges , compatible ink cartridge and printers around .
We deliver high quality genuine ink cartridges and compatible printer ink .
We guarantee our customers that every ink cartridge that we send has passed the quality tests before delivery .
We also guarantee that it is 100 % compatible with your printer .
Cheap Ink Cartridges
Our stock of printer ink is consistent in its quality ; we offer only high quality printer ink for every printer brand which is available on the market and nothing less .
We list value save deals and special offers for brother ink cartridges , canon ink , Compaq , dell ink cartridges , Epson , HP etc .
In addition to these brand names , we stock Kodak ink cartridges , Lexmark , Philips ink cartridges , Segam , Samsung , Xerox ink cartridges and so on .
Ink Raider is right place to save lot of money and time if your want to get economical deal on any printer cartridges .
Our site is easy to navigate so you get to your desired cheap ink cartridges in just few clicks or directly by using ink search box .
Save on original and compatible inkjet cartridges , laser toners and printers from a huge range of brands including HP , Epson , Canon , Brother , Kodak , Dell , Lexmark , Samsung and Philips .
Trust Ink raider for your next purchase and you will see yourself how hard we work to exceed your expectations on price and service .
There 's no monkey here but you can expect to pay peanuts for your inks and save .
If anyone can sells ink cartridges cheap every time and get it to you fast , its ink Raider .
Is it not time you made us your first choice for printer ink cartridges ?
AUSTRALIANS are piling on sitting rooms , family rooms , studies and extra bedrooms at the fastest rate in the world , with the size of our homes overtaking those in the US as the world 's biggest .
The typical size of a new Australian home hit 215 square metres in the past financial year , up 10 per cent in a decade , according to Bureau of Statistics data compiled for Commonwealth Securities .
The average size of new homes around the world in square metres .
US figures show the size of new American homes shrinking from 212 square metres before the financial crisis to 202 square metres in September .
New homes in other parts of the world are far smaller , with Denmark the biggest in Europe at 137 square metres and Britain the smallest at 76 square metres .
Manchester United 's flight to Lower Saxony yesterday landed at a tiny airbase which doubles as a research station used by the German aerospace centre to discover new " phenomena " in the atmosphere .
On a day when some extremely fresh faces stepped off the special British Airways charter from north - west England , Flughafen Braunschweig - Wolfsburg certainly seemed an appropriate arrival point for Sir Alex Ferguson 's squad .
Unless CSKA
Moscow can manage a win in Besiktas , an injury - ravaged United require a draw at Wolfsburg tonight to finish top of Group B .
As the handful of autograph hunters who had found their way to the 1930s terminal building could confirm , it was difficult to recognise several of the youngsters who will face the German champions .
Ferguson will be happy that United have already qualified for the knockout stages .
His hand has been forced by a catalogue of injuries and illness suffered by his first choice defenders .
Jonny Evans and John O'Shea were last night ruled out until January , and will join Nemanja Vidic on the sidelines after he failed to recover from flu in time for tonight 's match .
Rio Ferdinand , Wes Brown , Gary Neville , the Da Silva twins , Rafael and Fabio , and Edwin van der Sar , the No1 goalkeeper , had already been ruled out .
Ferguson hopes to have Vidic back for the Premier League match at home to Aston Villa on Saturday .
The Christmas schedule is hardly an ideal time to face such an injury crisis , with little time between matches to recover , but the fixture list beyond this weekend could have been more difficult – games against Wolverhampton Wanderers , Fulham , Hull and Wigan round off United 's year .
One player who may be offered the opportunity to impress either tonight or in the coming weeks is Oliver Gill .
The 19 - year - old centre - half , one of only two specialist defenders on the trip , the other being Patrice Evra , is the son of United 's chief executive , David Gill .
He received late dispensation from Uefa to be added to the roster registered to participate in the Champions League and is expected to begin on the bench .
" Oliver played with my son , Ben , for Manchester Grammar School , " said Bryan Robson , the Thailand manager who is with United here in his capacity as an international club ambassador .
" Oliver was a midfielder then but he looked decent – and he was two years younger than the team he was in . "
At some stage tonight Gill , who has made nine reserve appearances this season , could find himself called upon to mark Edin Dzeko , Wolfsburg 's £ 20 m rated Bosnian striker .
Coveted by most of Europe 's elite clubs , United included , the 6ft 4in 23 - year - old has scored 40 goals in 75 Bundesliga appearances for Wolfsburg and , with Armin Veh 's side still hoping to qualify for the next phase , threatens to test ersatz defenders such as Darren Fletcher and Michael Carrick to the limit .
Those two midfielders will almost certainly begin in the back - line with youngsters such as Cameron Stewart , Matty James , Magnus Eikrem and Oliver Norwood on the bench .
Robson , though , is unconcerned .
" These players are adaptable and that is the key , " explained the former United and England captain .
" There is a real flexibility about this current squad .
You saw in the win at West Ham on Saturday that , when Michael Carrick had to go to centre - half , he looked like he could really play there .
And we always knew Darren Fletcher could play anywhere . "
Asked how difficult it was to fill in at the back , one of the finest midfielders of his generation said : " It 's easier for a midfielder to go back than a defender to go forward because defenders suddenly find themselves with their backs to the play . "
After tonight United 's attentions will turn back to the Premier League where Robson is delighted to see his old team breathing down Chelsea 's necks .
" Manchester United are right where they want to be , " he said .
" But the key question is how much Chelsea are going to be affected by the African Nations Cup . "
Robson diplomatically then claimed that , if he were a Premier League manager , he would prefer to sign Wayne Rooney than Drogba – " although , really I 'd like both in my team " .
The England striker will not be in Ferguson 's side thisevening , having been left behind nursing a slight hamstring strain , leaving Michael Owen and Danny Welbeck as United 's sole two recognised strikers here .
It is not just at the back where Ferguson 's resources are thin .
The BBC apologised today after US rock band Rage Against the Machine - battling with The X Factor winner Joe McElderry to be the Christmas No 1 - turned the airwaves blue on the Radio 5 Live breakfast show .
Rage Against
The Machine were guests on the morning show , hosted by Nicky Campbell and Shelagh Fogarty , and invited to play a live version of their song , Killing in the Name .
The band had been asked not to sing the final refrain , " Fuck you , I wo n't do what you tell me ! " but singer Zack de la Rocha sang it anyway .
It was not until the fourth repetition that the breakfast show production team faded out the microphone and returned to the studio .
" Get rid of it ! "
Fogarty could be heard shouting in the background .
" Sorry , we needed to get rid of that because that suddenly turned into something we were n't expecting , " she told listeners .
" Well , we were expecting it and we asked them not to do it and they did it anyway . "
But Fogarty enjoyed revenge – of sorts – when she told listeners : " So buy Joe 's records . "
It remains to be seen whether the incident will affect sales of the two records , which are said to be neck and neck in the race to be Christmas number one .
Campbell had earlier introduced the song by saying : " Let 's get Christmassy ! "
Fans of the band commenting on the audio on YouTube suggested Radio 5 Live should not have been surprised by their behaviour .
" This was always gonna happen ! " said one .
Another added : " She actually sounds surprised they did n't do what she told them to do . "
" 5 Live breakfast featured a live broadcast of the song Killing in the Name by Rage Against the Machine .
We had spoken to the band repeatedly beforehand and they had agreed not to swear .
When they did we faded the band out and apologised immediately to anyone who was offended , " a spokesman for the station said .
The 5 Live Breakfast editor , Richard Jackson , defended the decision to broadcast the live performance by the rock band , despite the fact the lyrics contained numerous uses of the word " fuck " .
" When Rage Against the Machine swore on Breakfast this morning , some people felt we should have seen it coming .
The song Killing in the Name includes the F - word in the lyrics – and when the band accepted our request for an interview for today 's programme and then agreed to perform the song live from Los Angeles , we were aware of the need to address this issue , " Jackson said on the Radio 5 Live blog .
" Which is why our producer had several conversations with the band and their management about the requirement not to swear .
We told them it was a breakfast show .
We took them at their word when they said there would be no bad language .
When it became clear on air they were including the F - words , we faded the song out and apologised .
" Not before we heard some swearing on air .
We 're sorry for that and I apologise again to anyone who was offended . "
Jackson said the response from listeners had been mixed .
" A minority were angry or offended .
Some thought we had been naïve .
A fair number reckoned the song was awful .
But many people said they find these live , unplanned , unpredictable moments the highlight of their listening – and they were quick to tell us so . "
It was the second four - letter incident on a BBC national radio network in two days after singer George Michael swore on Chris Evans 's BBC Radio 2 drivetime show .
Asked if he would ever appear on Top Gear , Michael said : " Other than the fact I 'd be afraid of coming last on that fucking scoreboard . "
Evans told Michael he could not swear on the show and the singer later said he " sincerely apologised " .
At the end of the show Evans added : " Once again we apologise for some colourful language . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
BookMooch is a community for exchanging used books .
BookMooch lets you give away books you no longer need in exchange for books you really want .
Give & receive : Every time you give someone a book , you earn a point and can get any book you want from anyone else at BookMooch .
Once you 've read a book , you can keep it forever or put it back into BookMooch for someone else , as you wish .
No cost : there is no cost to join or use this web site : your only cost is mailing your books to others .
Points for entering books : you receive a tenth - of - a - point for every book you type into our system , and one point each time you give a book away .
In order to keep receiving books , you need to give away at least one book for every two you receive .
Help charities : you can also give your points to charities we work with , such as children 's hospitals ( so a sick kid can get a free book delivered to their bed ) , Library fund , African literacy , or to us to thank us for running this web site < grin > .
World wide :
You can request books from other countries , in other languages .
You receive 3 points when you send a book out of your country , to help compensate you for the greater mailing cost , and it costs the moocher 3 points to get the book .
John Buckman , who runs BookMooch , has lived in California , England , France and Germany , and was frustrated by the vast number of books that were printed in just one country and not available in the other countries ( for example , many books are published in Britain and never made available in America ) .
Wishlist : you can keep a " book wish list " that will automatically arrive to you when you have the points and / or the book becomes available in our catalog .
Feedback score : each time you receive a book , you can leave feedback with the sender , just like how eBay does it .
If you keep your feedback score up , people are most likely to help you out when you ask for a book .
How we pay our bills :
We tap into Amazon 's book database , and if you follow an Amazon link from our web site , we receive a commission from Amazon if you buy that book instead of getting it free from BookMooch .
Why " Mooch " ? : dictionary .co.uk defines " mooch " as : " to obtain something without paying for it , or to borrow something without intending to return it " as in " You 're old enough to get a job and stop mooching off your family . "
And so , the word fits this project : BookMooch is a way to get books without paying , and without any intention of returning the book .
This is the American definition of " mooch " and one of two British definitions .
The other British definition is " to walk or act slowly and without much purpose " as in " Stop mooching about in your room and do something useful ! " which is n't an entirely appropriate definition for this web site , but it is funny so we 'll just live with it .
Why create this ? : if you 're passionate about books , you know how emotionally difficult it is to throw a book away , even if you will never read it again .
You want to find a good home for your books , have them find someone who appreciates them .
Also , you may be interested in trying a lot of books out , and keep the ones that are great .
It 's a great crime to have a book disappear , out of print , for none to read .
BookMooch keeps books in circulation , and finds new readers for them .
If you 're not interested in getting free books , you can donate to charities , the points you gain by giving your books away .
Who are we ?
BookMooch is conceived , designed , written and administered by John Buckman ( pictured above ) .
John also runs the online record label Magnatune .
The graphic identity of the site is by Claudy Niesen , and the illustration is by Andrice Arp .
There has been a Jewish community in Yemen since at least the 6th Century
By Owen Bennett - Jones
BBC News , Sanaa
Jewish leaders in Yemen say that there are now only 370 Jews left in the country , and the number is falling .
In recent months US officials and Jewish organisations have been flying Jews out of Yemen because , they say , it is too dangerous for them to remain .
Last year a Jewish man was murdered outside his home ; many others have been threatened .
Rabbi Yusuf Mose Salem came to the Yemeni capital Sanaa after fleeing his home in North Yemen Rabbi Yusuf Mose Salem fled his home two years ago He looks completely broken .
Whenever he speaks , he weeps .
" They gave us a warning to leave in seven days or they would kill us , " he told the BBC World Service , referring to militant Shia rebels in the north of the country .
" They destroyed the house , they levelled it to the ground .
They left nothing for us , we fled with what we were wearing . "
But despite the tears , the rabbi is determined to hang onto and to keep alive a tradition that goes back thousands of the years .
' Operation Magic Carpet '
" The Jews of Yemen go back to at least the sixth Century AD , " says historian Tim Mackintosh Smith .
" We know this because there was actually a Jewish king here , Dhu Nuwas . "
I do n't want the Jews to leave the country , and the Jews do n't want to leave .
This help is hurting us
Rabbi Yusuf Jaish
Yemeni rabbi Following anti-Jewish riots in Yemen in the late 1940s , tens of thousands of Yemeni Jews were evacuated to Israel as part of an international airlift known as ' Operation Magic Carpet ' .
On a smaller scale something similar is happening today .
US Jewish groups have raised US $ 750,000 to fly Yemeni Jews out of the country , in a programme initiated by the State Department .
Israel is also organising flights , and so far this year something like 20 % of Yemen 's remaining Jews have left .
No future But not all Jews in Yemen think this money is being well spent .
Rabbi Yusuf Jaish says the money raised in America should be spent on preserving their community in Yemen .
" If people want to support us , " he says , " they should help us with schools and in marriages , but they should not be helping us to leave " .
He says he wants the free flights to America to stop .
" I do n't want the Jews to leave the country , and the Jews do n't want to leave .
This help is hurting us . "
But the airlift organisers think it is time to accept the inevitable .
Yair Ya'ish , president of the Yemenite Jewish Federation of America , says he does not see much of a future for the community in Yemen .
" It 's gotten very dangerous , " he says .
" We 're working very closely with them to try to get the remnants that are there , that are interested in leaving of course , to get them out to wherever they want to go . "
Discrimination Shaukat Khani is one of those who took the decision to leave .
Three months ago he moved his whole family , including his wife and nine children , out to New York .
" There were some ignorant people , Muslims who 'd practise discrimination .
There were some killings .
It was unsafe , that 's why we left . "
He also says life as a Jew in Yemen was difficult : " We had no - one to take care of the children in school , and we could not get meat butchered properly .
There was no - one to take care of the weddings . "
Mr Khani says he is very happy now in America : " There are Jews here , and schools for our children and hospitals for sick people . "
" God bless the United States .
We have been so well taken care of in so many details of our life .
They give people whatever they want . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Mexican authorities have freed 107 indigenous people who officials say were being held as slave laborers in a Mexico City factory disguised as a drug rehabilitation center .
Twenty - three suspects were arrested in Thursday 's raid , said Miguel Angel Mancera , Mexico City 's attorney general .
Two more were arrested Friday morning , officials said .
The victims ranged from 14 to 70 years old , and some were tortured , Mancera told CNN affiliate TV Azteca .
Some victims also suffered sexual abuse , he said .
" They were beaten , " he said .
" Several have wounds , serious wounds .
We even have some of the victims with fractures . "
All of the victims were suffering from severe dehydration and malnutrition , he said .
Some were taken to a hospital .
The captives , some of whom speak only indigenous languages and no Spanish , were locked in the building , which had bars on the windows and a fence outside , he said .
They made handbags and clothespins and were not paid .
Their only daily meal consisted of chicken legs and rotten vegetables , Mancera said .
" The vast majority of the food we found was spoiled , " he said .
Video of the inside of the building showed filthy and crowded living conditions .
The men and women worked 8 a.m. to midnight and were given only a half - hour food break .
They were not allowed to go to the bathroom , and many soiled themselves , officials said .
The attorney general labeled it " cruel and inhuman treatment . "
The victims , he said , were abused mentally and physically , " with all sorts of pressure . "
Most of the victims were nabbed off the street by some of the suspects under the guise of giving them treatment for alcoholism or drug addiction , the attorney general said .
" They take them by force , and they take them with the argument that they need to be rehabilitated , that they are addicts , " Mancera said .
A few of the victims were brought there by family members who thought their loved ones would receive addiction treatment .
The facility has a sign in front identifying it as Hospital Santo Tomas , Los Eligidos de Dios , which means " St. Thomas Hospital , Those Chosen by God . "
Up to 300 people may have been incarcerated at the facility in recent months , Mancera said .
Officials believe that thousands more could have suffered the same fate in the eight years the hospital has been open .
Some of the victims were released at the end of six months , when they were too ill or infirm to continue working , and new recruits were brought in .
Authorities now are looking at other treatment facilities .
" I am sure this will lead to other investigations and perhaps action by other authorities , " Mancera said .
The investigation into Hospital Santo Tomas started in September , when a man was abducted while unloading a truck at a commercial establishment .
Officials got a break in the case when one of the men held at the hospital escaped and told authorities what was happening at the facility .
Among those arrested Thursday were the facility administrator , Jose Antonio Villa Ramos , and the man accused of leading the abductions , Javier Rosales Garcia , known as " El Tato , " Mancera said .
Political analyst and TV commentator Ana Maria Salazar described the case as " quite shocking , " even by Mexican standards .
A recent study , she said , found that human trafficking gangs kidnap about 10,000 people a year in Mexico .
Many of those victims , Salazar said , are from remote parts of the country or are migrants trying to cross Mexico to get to the United States .
The study 's tally may be high , she said , but even 5,000 victims a year would be " a very high number of kidnappings . "
" There 's much more going on that we do n't see , " Salazar said .
" This gives you a sense that there 's a lot of stuff going on in Mexico . "
Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute , said the abductions are another sign of the nation 's serious problems .
" Mexican society is becoming increasing aware of the multiple faces of organized crime and its impact on citizens ' everyday lives , " he said .
" We 're all focused on the drug cartels and drugs , and there 's a lot of this stuff that goes on . "
Forced labor is a global issue , with an estimated 12.3 million people forced into such situations , said Joanna Ewart - James of the organization Anti-Slavery International .
Forced labor can be found in both the agricultural and manufacturing sectors .
Many of the people forced into slave labor are poor and dispossessed , Ewart - James said .
Indigenous people , such as the victims in Mexico , are a common target .
" We know indigenous people are particularly discriminated against , " she said .
" It 's much easier to exploit them . "
Latin America accounts for the second largest number of forced laborers in the world , after Asia , the United Nations International Labour Organization said in its 2009 report on the issue .
" Those most at risk are migrant workers in sweatshops , agriculture and domestic service , " the agency said .
" The main form of forced labor is through debt bondage , involving informal and unlicensed intermediaries who pay advances to entice workers and then reap profits through inflated charges .
" Forced labor in Latin America is closely linked to patterns of inequality and discrimination , especially against indigenous peoples . "
About 80 percent of forced laborers work for private companies .
The remaining 20 percent work for state enterprises such as are found in China , North Korea and Myanmar , she said .
" Many of them make the goods and products that we buy , " Ewart - James said .
Watch how slave labor affects food prices
Most garments and other domestic goods made by forced laborers , she said , are manufactured in six nations : China , India , Thailand , Malaysia , Jordan and Argentina .
Ewart - James said Anti-Slavery International , which is based in London , England , defines forced labor as " work or service that is exacted from any person under the menace of any penalty for which the worker does not offer himself or herself voluntarily . "
Those conditions even exist in the United States , says the International Labour Organization .
" Slaves are all around us , hidden in plain sight : the dishwasher in the kitchen of the neighborhood restaurant , the kids on the corner selling cheap trinkets , the man sweeping the floor of the local department store , " the U.N. agency says in a recent book , " The Slave Next Door : Human Trafficking and Slavery in America Today . "
The case in Mexico does not fit the typical mold , Ewart - James said .
" It 's unusual that people in forced labor are found like that in Mexico : with bars and chains , " she said .
" We associate that with historical slavery . "
Some governments , such as in Brazil , are taking a tough stance against slave labor .
A special government task force established there in 1995 says it freed 4,634 workers last year in 133 raids on large farms and businesses that rely on workers driven to take those jobs by hunger and the empty promises of labor recruiters .
Brazil 's Special Mobile Inspection Group consists of labor inspectors , federal police and attorneys from the federal labor prosecution branch .
The group often raids workplaces looking for abuses and laborers held against their will .
Thursday 's raid in Mexico was led by the Mexico City attorney general 's anti-kidnapping division .
Cannabidiol for the treatment of psychosis in Parkinsons disease
The management of psychosis in Parkinsons disease ( PD ) has been considered a great challenge for clinicians and there is a need for new pharmacological intervention .
Previously an antipsychotic and neuroprotective effect of Cannabidiol ( CBD ) has been suggested .
Therefore , the aim of the present study was to directly evaluate for the first time , the efficacy , tolerability and safety of CBD on PD patients with psychotic symptoms .
This was an open - label pilot study .
Six consecutive outpatients ( four men and two women ) with the diagnosis of PD and who had psychosis for at least 3 months were selected for the study .
All patients received CBD in flexible dose ( started with an oral dose of 150 mg / day ) for 4 weeks , in addition to their usual therapy .
The psychotic symptoms evaluated by the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale and the Parkinson Psychosis Questionnaire showed a significant decrease under CBD treatment .
CBD did not worsen the motor function and decreased the total scores of the Unified Parkinsons Disease Rating Scale .
No adverse effect was observed during the treatment .
These preliminary data suggest that CBD may be effective , safe and well tolerated for the treatment of the psychosis in PD .
» more at : jop.sagepub.com
Posted By Psychotrophic at 2009 - 11-28 12:50:14 permalink | comments Tags : parkinsons marijuana cannabidiol » More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 2 )
Thousands of tourists and expats are drawn to Dubai 's beaches
By Sebastian Usher
BBC Arab affairs editor
More than 6,000 people have been stopped by the police for offences on Dubai 's beaches , records show .
Infractions range from ogling women , to kissing , to people swimming fully clothed or in their underwear .
Dubai 's authorities have stepped up their policing of what they regard as offensive behaviour .
The Gulf emirate is popular with tourists and Western expats .
But most of the people stopped are workers from developing countries .
The police records detail offences logged in the first 10 months of 2009 .
Conservative country
Dubai has hit the headlines for its economic problems recently .
But the case of two Britons accused of having sex on a beach last year was one of the biggest stories to come out of emirate .
The case highlighted the dangers expatriates face in Dubai for behaviour that might be frowned upon back home but is unlikely to result in a prison sentence .
Dubai 's dizzying growth has attracted more than three million expatriates and many tourists , drawn to its outlandish attractions , luxury hotels and year - round sunshine .
But Dubai remains a conservative Muslim country , where sex outside marriage and homosexuality are banned .
Undercover
The country might have boomed on the back of its foreign workers and tourists , but many locals resent their behaviour .
Undercover police patrols of its packed beaches were initiated several years ago .
Floodlights expose misbehaviour at night .
Couples kissing or touching , men watching women or taking photographs , and topless sunbathers can be stopped , questioned and even charged if they are repeat offenders .
The police say they have taken legal action against people accused of drinking , taking drugs and homosexuality .
But police statistics also reveal that the majority of those caught are from developing countries .
The people who have largely built Dubai - but remain unwelcome on its beaches .
Please somebody , explain this to me .
I truly thought I was quite well versed on the healthcare bill issue .
Tonite I feel really blonde ...( as my husband says when I do something kind of stupid , " C'mon blondie ! " .
( He 's joking of course ! )
Please , I implore you , tell me what this healthcare bill does that will save the United States from bankruptcy .
I 'd love to write the requisite three paragraphs explaining it but quite frankly , I 'm stumped .
Mr Van Rompuy was widely tipped , but Baroness Ashton was not EU leaders have chosen the Belgian Prime Minister , Herman van Rompuy , to be the first permanent European Council President .
The other top job created by the Lisbon Treaty - foreign affairs supremo - has gone to the EU Trade Commissioner , Baroness Catherine Ashton from the UK .
Both are seen as consensual politicians with limited foreign policy experience .
Both had unanimous backing from the 27 EU leaders at the summit in Brussels , UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown said .
Earlier , the UK government had said it was no longer pushing for former PM Tony Blair to get the presidency post .
Mr Van Rompuy , 62 , had crucial French and German support .
He has a reputation as a coalition builder , having taken charge of the linguistically divided Belgian government and steered it out of a crisis .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Every country should emerge victorious from negotiations , " he told a news conference after his appointment .
" Even if unity remains our strength , our diversity remains our wealth , " he said , stressing the individuality of EU member states .
Baroness Ashton , 53 , said she felt " deeply privileged " to get the foreign affairs post .
" I was the first woman British commissioner , the first woman trade commissioner , so I am also proud to be the first woman High Representative , " she said .
" I think there was a strong push to have at least one woman in a senior position , " she told the BBC later , adding that she hoped Europe would become " an economic superpower " .
US President Barack Obama said the appointments would " strengthen the EU and enable it to be an even stronger partner to the United States " .
" The United States has no stronger partner than Europe in advancing security and prosperity around the world , " the White House said in a statement .
UK shifts stance Earlier , a UK government spokesman revealed the dramatic twist in the British position .
ANALYSIS Jonny Dymond , BBC News , Brussels
Against all expectations this deal was done in a matter of hours , the pre-summit deadlock broken by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
His decision to abandon Tony Blair 's bid for the new post of President of the European Council meant the field was left clear for the Belgian prime minister , Herman van Rompuy .
It also meant that he could bag for a Briton the second job of the night - one arguably more important and probably higher - profile - that of High Representative , something close to a foreign minister for Europe .
Neither Mr Van Rompuy nor Baroness Ashton are what might be called big -hitters .
Their selection indicates a preference for a low - key start to these new jobs .
In quotes : Van Rompuy 's vision Reaction to Rompuy appointment Send us your comments
The UK persuaded the other six leaders in the socialist group to back Baroness Ashton , having dropped Tony Blair .
EU leaders met in Brussels especially to select their first full - time president and the High Representative for Foreign Affairs - new posts created by the Lisbon Treaty , which will come into force on 1 December .
The idea under Lisbon is to give the EU more coherence and continuity in key policy areas .
Up until now the presidency has been held by member states in turn , on a six - month rotation .
Going into the meeting the leaders had various candidates to choose from .
There were fears that the negotiations would go on late into the night , but it quickly emerged that a deal had been struck .
Drive for consensus Mr Brown praised Mr Van Rompuy as " a consensus builder " who had " brought a period of political stability to his country after months of uncertainty " .
Turning to Baroness Ashton 's appointment , he said " it gives Britain a powerful voice within the Council and the [ EU ] Commission .
He is camera - shy , a man who some refer to as the " grey mouse "
BBC Europe editor Gavin Hewitt
Read Gavin 's thoughts in full " It will ensure that Britain 's voice is very loud and clear .
It will ensure that Britain remains at the heart of Europe . "
Baroness Ashton " is the first woman to hold such a high position in the EU , " he added .
Commenting on the choice , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said : " It 's so important that Britain remains at the heart of the European project . "
The foreign policy chief will have a seat as vice - president of the European Commission , as well as a budget worth billions of euros and a new diplomatic service of up to 5,000 people .
For months Mr Blair had been a favourite for president , backed by the UK government , and he was the highest - profile candidate .
Another contender , Dutch PM Jan-Peter Balkenende , ruled himself out of the contest as the meeting got under way .
Seeking balance
The EU leaders had a working dinner together to negotiate the appointments .
THE PRESIDENT'S ROLE Chosen by 27 member states by qualified majority vote Two - and - a - half - year term Can be re-elected once Chairs EU summits Drives forward the work of EU Council of Ministers Facilitates cohesion and consensus Represents the EU on the world stage
Profiles of new appointees
They were reported to be striving for a balance in the two posts , with one filled by a candidate from one of the bigger EU states , the other from a smaller country .
Similarly , the presidency was expected to go to a centre - right politician and the post of foreign affairs chief to the centre - left .
The combination of Mr Van Rompuy and Baroness Ashton achieves that balance , the BBC's Jonny Dymond says .
Mr Barroso said Mr Van Rompuy 's appointment was " a tribute to Belgium " , noting Belgium 's key role as host of the EU 's main institutions .
The EU president will chair regular meetings of the European Council at which decisions are taken about the political position of the bloc .
However , correspondents say the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy , as the post is officially known , could have an even more powerful role .
What do you think of the European Council appointments - have the best people been chosen ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Senate just voted to table Sen .
Ben Nelson ’s abortion amendment to the health care bill , effectively killing it and forcing Nelson ’s hand on his threat to filibuster the bill if the restrictions on abortion coverage were not included .
The problem is Nelson holds all the cards .
So assuming Nelson is unyielding on his filibuster threat , which seems like a reasonable assumption at this point , that means the Democrats need a GOP senator to get to 60 .
The most likely GOPer to defect is Olympia Snowe , but she comes with pretty high price : no public option for sure .
She ’s cool to even the latest compromise that would remove public option in exchange for expanding Medicare .
Brian Beutler elaborates on this dynamic here .
Late Update : Interestingly , Nelson was conciliatory after the vote , declining to reiterate his filibuster threat .
Could it be that Nelson much prefers being “ in play ” ?
The love affair with business started in the 1980s and has grown into a mighty passion backed not just by money but by glamour and class .
In 2009 the money ran out , but the mood was one of such chaos and confusion that it was hard to tell what was going on underneath .
In 2010 it will become clear that the class and glamour are draining away from business too .
It will be the end of the affair : business will be cool no longer .
Throughout this affair the business schools played the role of cupid .
First , they made the study of business into an ( almost ) respectable academic discipline .
More importantly , they made it socially acceptable , something even the poshest person could aspire to .
What do the brightest and poshest students at Oxford and Harvard want to study ?
Business .
The decline of the MBA will cut off the supply of bullshit at source
But in 2010 , for the second year running , tens of thousands of overqualified MBAs will emerge with nowhere exciting to go .
A very few will land jobs in investment banking , but those who want grand jobs in big companies or consultancies will be disappointed .
Increasingly they will go crawling back to their old employers to do pretty much whatever they were doing before for pretty much the same money .
As the efficacy of a business school is measured according to the salary one gets when one finishes , both students and employers will question whether it is really worth the $ 160,000 that a top MBA costs .
This is not going to be a little recessionary dip .
It will be a more fundamental reappraisal .
The magical myth of the MBA has for some time left the facts behind .
In future , those who stump up will do so because they want to learn the skills , not because they think they are buying entry into a cool and exclusive club .
Some good things will follow from this .
There will be fewer smart Alecs who think they know it all pouring into companies .
There has been a bear market in management bullshit since the credit crunch began , but so far this has been on the demand side — managers have been too intent on staying in work to talk much jargon .
In 2010 the decline of the MBA will cut off the supply of bullshit at source .
Pretentious ideas about business will be in retreat .
But there will be bad things too : if fewer bright , ambitious people go into business , economies may suffer .
Instead the talent will go increasingly into the public sector , the law , medicine — which are already bursting with bright people as it is .
While the decline of the B - schools will dent the glamour of business in general , the government will do its bit too with increasing regulation .
Being a board director of a listed company in 2010 will never have been less fun : not only will the procedural side be more onerous , there will be even greater public hysteria over what directors are paid and even — in Britain at least — how much they claim on expenses .
And with those at the top having such a grim time , it is unrealistic to expect any excitement at the bottom .
The onward march of the public sector may have some other unintended consequences in the private one .
The coming year will be a vintage one for the cowboy , who will be quick to spot new loopholes and make a killing from them .
It will feel a bit like the 1970s , when the endless recession and aftermath of the secondary banking crisis in Britain made it a high time for spivs and villains .
In 2010 there will be a new cast of infamous billionaires — and they wo n't be MBAs bloated with theories .
They will be the barrow boys quick on their feet and lacking any scruples .
Their grubby success will make business look dirtier still .
You 're hired !
The end of the affair will be felt strongly in our living rooms , where in the past decade we have gathered to watch phenomenally successful business programmes like “ The Apprentice ” and “ Dragons ' Den ” .
These shows will start to look tired in 2010 : they were premised on the idea of the business dream and on the glamour of a shiny boardroom table .
The top of the business TV market was unwittingly called in 2009 when Gordon Brown made Sir Alan Sugar a lord and asked him to give advice — thus destroying the glamour of business TV at one stroke .
New television series are likely to take a grimmer turn and be modelled on the Argentine classic “ Recursos Humanos ” , in which contestants competitively demean themselves in begging to be allowed a grotty job as a manual worker .
Addictive viewing , possibly .
Glamorous , cool or classy , certainly not .
Lucy Kellaway : columnist , Financial Times
Amazon EC2 has also announced the ability to boot instances directly from Amazon EBS snapshots , providing significantly increased flexibility in how customers can manage their instances .
You can still save an Amazon Machine Image ( AMI ) in an Amazon S3 bucket and boot it from the local instance store , but you can now also choose to save AMIs as Amazon EBS snapshots and boot directly from an Amazon EBS volume .
When an instance is booted from an Amazon EBS snapshot , the root partition of the instance is created on an Amazon EBS volume .
Instances booted from Amazon EBS volumes can be stopped and later restarted , preserving any of the state that is saved to your volume and allowing you to modify some properties of your instances while it is stopped .
For example , you can change your instance size or update the kernel it is using , or attach your root partition to a different running instance , making it easier to do debugging when you are creating new boot images .
When booting from an Amazon EBS volume , AMIs and root partitions are no longer limited to 10 GB , but can be up to 1TB in size , enabling significantly more complex images .
Additionally , you are not charged for stopped instance hours and you will just incur charges for your Amazon EBS volumes while your instance is stopped , allowing you to reduce your Amazon EC2 costs when you do not need your instances running .
Customers can now use a newly launched API that makes it easy to bundle images without using the command line tools , and can also take advantage of the fact that the content of an Amazon EBS volume is available to the instance immediately on volume creation which can lead to much faster instance boot times .
For more details on this new addition to Amazon EC2 , please see the Boot from Amazon EBS Feature Guide .
" Calvin and Hobbes " is , without question , one of the great comic strips of our age .
Written and drawn from 1985 to 1995 by Bill Watterson , the strip captured the magic of childhood with irony , humor , and more than a little magic of its own .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/12/10/sketchbook-calvin-and-hobbes-covered-by-comic-book-artists/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Sketchbook_Calvin_Hobbes_Covered_by_Comic_Book_Artist';
We 've had to soldier on for almost 15 years without more of our favorite little boy and tiger , but thanks to the theme sketchbook of David Paggi , now we can see the dynamic duo through the eyes ( and sketches ) of comics artists ranging from Farel Dalrymple ( " Omega the Unknown " ) to Jim Woodring ( " Frank " ) .
See the rest after the jump !
David Mack
Jordan Crane , drawing his characters Simon and Jack from " , drawing his characters Simon and Jack from " The Clouds Above
Got a theme sketchbook of your own you 'd like to share ?
Hit us up .
Elsewhere On The Web :
The Saturday Morning Watchmen cartoon !
( Gorilla Mask )
100 MPH Lawnmower ( Neatorama )
Zombie Hooker XXX - Mas ( Adult Swim )
Madman Atomic Comics , Volume 1
You Eediot ! is a compilation of music featured in the landmark Nickelodeon cartoon series The Ren and Stimpy Show that was released in 1993 .
The album featured several popular songs from the series , including the single “ Kilted Yaksmen Anthem ” and “ Happy Happy Joy Joy ”
Beatallica “ A Garage Dayz Nite ” from 2001
Music From “ The Simpson ’s ” TV show “ Abbey Simpson ’s Road ”
The Abbey Road is an EP by Red Hot Chili Peppers , released in 1988 through EMI America .
Out of the five tracks included on this EP , four had already been previously - released on the band ’s studio albums .
Four Bitchin ’
Babes are contemporary folk , with a fair percentage of humorous songs , female band from U.S
The Friars Of The Community Of St. Savior ’s Monastery – “ Franciscan Road ”
My wife is having dinner with the baby at her parents ’ , so I took a moment to do a bit of pure , pointless , fun hacking after reading a discussion of which emacs gui features to turn off on a site I frequent .
I turn off the tool bar and the scroll bar to get as much screen real estate as possible , but leave the menu bar on , because it does n’t take up that much space , and I occasionally use it to grab some little used feature whose full function name I do n’t recall .
My idea : make the menu bar appear only if the mouse is in that general vicinity .
This initial implementation is hacky and does n’t work quite right ; but it should n’t take much to make it work .
It ’s probably actually already been done somewhere , but it was fun to hack up something for the sake of hacking … something I do n’t get enough time for these days .
( defun menu - bar - show - hide - helper ( ) ( if (< ( cddr ( mouse - pixel - position ) ) 20 ) ( menu - bar - mode 1 ) ( menu - bar - mode 0 ) ) ) ( defun menu - bar - show - hide ( ) ( run - with - idle - timer 0.1 t ' menu - bar - show - hide - helper ) )
I ’ll add fixes and updates as they are sent in .
They were one of the world 's most famous couples , who lived lives of power and glory – but who spent their last hours in despair and confusion .
Now , more than 2,000 years since Antony and Cleopatra walked the earth , historians believe they may finally have solved the riddle of their last hours together .
A team of Greek marine archaeologists who have spent years conducting underwater excavations off the coast of Alexandria in Egypt have unearthed a giant granite threshold to a door that they believe was once the entrance to a magnificent mausoleum that Cleopatra VII , queen of the Egyptians , had built for herself shortly before her death .
They believe the 15 - tonne antiquity would have held a seven metre - high door so heavy that it would have prevented the queen from consoling her Roman lover before he died , reputedly in 30BC .
" As soon as I saw it , I thought we are in the presence of a very special piece of a very special door , " Harry Tzalas , the historian who heads the Greek mission , said .
" There was no way that such a heavy piece , with fittings for double hinges and double doors , could have moved with the waves so there was no doubt in my mind that it belonged to the mausoleum .
Like Macedonian tomb doors , when it closed , it closed for good . "
Tzalas believes the discovery of the threshold sheds new light on an element of the couple 's dying hours which has long eluded historians .
In the first century AD the Greek historian Plutarch wrote that Mark Antony , after being wrongly informed that Cleopatra had killed herself , had tried to take his own life .
When the dying general expressed his wish to pass away alongside his mistress , who was hiding inside the mausoleum with her ladies - in - waiting , he was " hoisted with chains and ropes " to the building 's upper floor so that he could be brought in to the building through a window .
Plutarch wrote , " when closed the [ mausoleum 's ] door mechanism could not open again " .
The discovery in the Mediterranean Sea of such huge pieces of masonry at the entrance to what is believed to be the mausoleum would explain the historian 's line .
Tzalas said : " For years , archaeologists have wondered what Plutarch , a very reliable historian , meant by that .
And now , finally , I think we have the answer .
" Allowing a dying man to be hoisted on ropes was not a very nice , or comforting thing to do , but Cleopatra could n't do otherwise .
She was there only with females and they simply could n't open such a heavy door . "
The threshold , part of the sunken palace complex in which Cleopatra is believed to have died , was discovered recently at a depth of eight metres but only revealed this week .
It has yet to be brought to the surface .
The archaeologists have also recovered a nine - tonne granite block which they believe formed part of a portico belonging to the adjoining temple of Isis Lochias .
" We believe it was part of the complex surrounding Cleopatra 's palace , " said Zahi Hawas , Egypt 's top archaeologist .
" This is an important part of Alexandria 's history and brings us closer to knowing more about the ancient city . "
According to Plutarch , who based his accounts largely on eyewitness testimonies , Antony died within seconds of laying eyes on his beloved queen and mother of his children .
Cleopatra , the most powerful woman of her day and Egypt 's most fabled ruler , is believed to have taken her own life just days later , legend has it with the aid of an asp .
Good wine is a good familiar creature if it be well used .
~ William Shakespeare ( 1564 — 1616 ) , Othello , II . iii. ( 315 )
The best use of bad wine is to drive away poor relations .
~ French proverb
Wine and subjectivist economics go hand in glove .
What does this mean ?
Well , subjectivist economics " … is based on the theory that the value of goods is not inherent in the goods themselves but is in the minds of acting men ; that economic value is a matter of individual judgment which may vary from person to person and for the same person from time to time . "
In the case of wine , individual judgment can be impaired by intimidation ( i.e. , lack of knowledge ) and ill - conceived notions .
Certainly , you have heard statements such as " I do n’t drink white wines " or " red wines are just too dry for me . "
As wine enthusiasts , it is our objective to push you out of your comfort zone , encourage you to try something new , and explore the glorious world of wine .
Since about the 1980s , wine has been marketed to the masses like never before .
There are zillions of affordable — or just plain cheap — wines available , whether from California , Brazil , Australia , Italy , South Africa , Chile , New Zealand , or even France .
What ’s more , states such as Oregon , Washington , Michigan , and Ohio are emerging as places known for having some pretty decent wines .
In fact , a barrage of competition from foreign wine makers has caused the US wine market to mature , giving consumers more choices and better quality wine at lower prices .
This has allowed the middle class to partake in the experimental stages of wine enthusiasm by starting out with cheaper , mass - produced wines before moving on to a more all - embracing wine hobby .
California , as we all know , is a magnificent place that has emerged as one of the world ’s finest wine regions .
Just prior to the emergence of the mass - producing wine era , the Judgment of Paris ( or the Paris Wine Tasting of 1976 ) pulled the red carpet out from underneath France as the world ’s undisputed top wine producer .
This is when California wines were granted the highest scores — gasp ! — from top wine - tasting experts .
Government and Plonk
California wine , however , has had its dark days .
As a matter of fact , government policy was responsible for transforming consumer demand for wine and altering the US wine industry through its Prohibition swindle .
Napa valley had already established itself as having some of the world ’s finest wines , and indeed , Napa was making wines that were taking Paris by storm .
Then along with Pierce ’s Disease and Phylloxera came Prohibition , and the abandonment of some of California ’s finest vineyards .
Pre-Prohibition California included some 700 + wineries , while after the repeal less than 200 of these wineries were left .
Some wineries stayed in business during the government ’s purge by making legal wines — those used for religious ceremonies — or table grapes and grape juice .
These products were a far cry from the fine wines that formerly had been produced in California ’s vineyards .
In addition , during Prohibition , a head of household was legally allowed to produce 200 gallons of wine a year for personal use , and this served to increase demand for the poor quality grape used for home wine - making .
Thus it was inevitable that California saw the displacement of old vines producing quality grapes , as low - quality grapes came to replace them .
As Prohibition ended , and California was left with significantly altered vineyards , the wine purge had not only left California with inferior and / or abandoned vineyards , but also , the average American ’s taste in wine had considerably shifted .
Instead of demanding dry , superior wines produced by old , quality vines , wine consumers demanded sweet , high - alcohol wines — hence the cheap , jug wine and the era of fortified wines .
Thus the dark days of wine were with us until the age of baby boomers and economic prosperity brought with it a new generation of wine lovers who re-fueled the demand for non-fortified , fine wine .
Consequently , let ’s fast - forward to the modern world of wine and all its splendor .
Not all wine is noteworthy .
In fact , mass production and the use of low - quality grapes have brought forth a new class of wine known as " plonk . "
Plonk is a low - quality wine , usually made for the non-discriminating masses .
Stores everywhere are loaded with tasteless wines — both domestic and foreign — that offer no distinction in taste between grapes or brands .
In fact , whether these wines cost $ 5.99 or $ 18.99 , they barely differ from one another as regards quality .
Wines like Kendall - Jackson and Sutter Home have managed to achieve mass - market appeal through marketing genius .
Kendall - Jackson sells its Shiraz , Merlot , Cabernet Sauvignon , and Pinot Noir for $ 15 — $ 20 a bottle , and for the most part , it ’s no better than wine that sells for half the price .
But somehow , it ’s deemed by the masses to be " above the norm . "
Pure marketing !
Not that we shall criticize the mass marketing of wine , since it ’s actually wonderful to see the glorious grape replace the dreadful rice beer , Budweiser , as the household staple for adult beverage intake .
As to , say , Kendall - Jackson , there are far better wines out there for slightly more , or even less .
Windsor wines , at a few dollars more per bottle , are far superior , and actually have a distinctive taste as opposed to Kendall - Jackson ’s everyday plonk .
The Windsor Zinfandel , at less than $ 30 per bottle , is perhaps one of the finer Zins in its price range .
Or for a really fantastic bargain , there is France ’s Barton & Guestier .
Its Beaujolais , Merlot , and Cabernet wines can be had for $ 5.99 on sale , making it perhaps the best bang for the buck in the world of wine .
Even at its everyday price — a couple dollars more — it ’s a very decent wine at a ridiculous price .
The authors of this piece find the Barton & Guestier Beaujolais to be one of the best " everyday wine " values on the market .
Oftentimes , new brands offer up cutesy names , colorful bottles , and / or and robust labels to attract the younger , less sophisticated , beer - type crowd to its product .
Wine brand names such as Red Bicyclette , The Little Penguin , Urbane , Big House , Toad Hollow , Yellow Tail , Gnarley Head , Goats do Roam ( South Africa ) , Dog House ( California ) , Funky Llama ( Argentina ) , Monkey Bay ( New Zealand ) , and even Fat Bastard are meant to entice , entertain , and win over the normally non-wine consumer .
Again , most of it is merely homogenous plonk in terms of taste , however , in the long - term , such strategy is admirable for its attempt to persuade the consumer that wine is a promising alternative .
For that , we salute the Wal - Mart World of Wines .
Anything but Chardonnay
When going to the grocery store , it is inescapable to see shelves upon shelves full of Chardonnay .
Unfortunately , this is one of the most abused grapes in the world of wine .
There is so much poor product available , it is a shame .
In our opinion , a key issue is that many Chardonnays tend to be over - oaked — which is like taking a mallet to the palate .
Who really wants to drink overly - flabby plonk ?
Thankfully , lightly - oaked and , even better , unoaked Chardonnays are gaining in popularity .
However , when perusing the store shelves , we would like to direct you away from Chardonnay and try other white wines — we ’ll get to reds later .
May we start by saying " hooray for Viognier ! "
This terrific white wine is complex , layered , and opens up beautifully .
It is an aromatic wine best know for its apricot , peach , and spice flavors .
Serve this wine chilled and sip on it slowly .
As time passes , you will note that different flavors emerge as it approaches room temperature — an evolution of flavor may go from apricot to buttery almond .
It nicely accompanies spicy Asian foods .
Three of our favorites are produced by EXP , Ironstone Vineyards , and McCrea Cellars .
A white wine that is typically misunderstood is Gewürztraminer .
Unfortunately , it is often pigeonholed strictly as a dessert wine .
Nothing could be further from the truth !
The German word gewürz means “ spiced , ” and these wines are known for their crisp and spicy attributes .
Arguably , the world ’s finest Gewürztraminers come from the Alsace region of France — located in the northeast and on the German border .
A wonderful quality of this grape is that it produces a wine which is sweet and spicy yet " big " enough to stand up to a steak — as long as it is a high quality Gewürztraminer such as those produced by Domaine Zind Humbrecht .
However , an absolute favorite involves pairing Gewürztraminer and Indian food .
To be sure , this wine pairs well with spicy Chinese , Thai , Mexican , and Korean foods .
For a great everyday Alsatian Gewürztraminer , we recommend Trimbach .
Oh , and by the way , Gewürztraminer does make for an excellent dessert wine .
Just look for a late harvest Gewürztraminer and you wo n’t be disappointed .
In the 1970s , Chenin Blanc was one of the most popular white wines in America .
Sadly , it was over - produced , and forgettable wines became the order of the day — sounds a bit like today ’s Chardonnay story .
Hence , what comes to mind are generally bland and uninspiring wines .
Fortunately , with careful viticultural practices , this grape can produce terrific wines with a floral - honeyed character and a zesty acidity that is satisfying to the palate .
It pairs quite nicely with barbecued chicken .
A favorite of ours is Barton & Gustier ’s Vouvray .
This nice French Chenin Blanc is readily found in supermarkets — at , typically , less than $ 10 a bottle .
A bargain , to be sure .
Another suggestion would be to try Windsor Vineyards ’ multiple gold - medal winning 2005 Chenin Blanc — which may only be purchased directly from the vineyard .
Now , for something truly off the beaten track , have you ever heard of symphony wine ?
" The Symphony grape was developed in 1948 at the University of California , Davis by Dr. James Olmo from crossing the Muscat of Alexandria with Grenache Gris .
A delicate Muscat flavor and aroma characterize the wine .
Symphony wines show unusual resistance to oxidation and maintain their light color , flavor and bouquet for ten or more years in the bottle at cellar temperature . "
Three wineries that produce this obscure wine are Volcano Winery , Maple Creek Winery , and the aforementioned Ironstone Vineyards .
At $ 8 a bottle , Ironstone ’s " Obsession " symphony wine is a bargain .
However , Maple Creek Winery ’s 2005 Artevino Estate Symphony wine is well worth the $ 22 price tag — a wine described as : “ Fresh , crisp and delicious , with tropical floral notes of pineapple , mango and banana .
Off dry and perfect for hot days and spicy foods ! "
Get some before summer is over .
Admittedly , we were both members of the " ABC " ( Anything but Chardonnay ) club .
As wine enthusiasts , this really is n’t a logical position to adopt , even though the Chardonnay grape is the most abused grape in the world .
After all , there are so many talented winemakers in the world , there are bound to be fine Chardonnays available .
And , oh boy , did we find one .
Kistler Vineyards produces world - renowned Chardonnays .
The Kistler 1999 Chardonnay produced from grapes grown in the McCrea Vineyard located in Sonoma County , California is spectacular .
Kistler ages its Chardonnays in French oak barrels for periods of between 11 and 18 months .
What we found is that chardonnay and oak - barrel aging can be a match made in Heaven .
One of us decided to take a bottle of this wine with us for an evening of fine dining .
The waitress opened the bottle for the group , and we waited for the main course to be served before trying this Kistler Chardonnay .
The first sip was stunning !
This wine is voluptuous , elegant , and complex .
The balance of citrus flavors , minerality , and crisp acidity was unlike any other white wine anyone at the table had ever experienced .
Although many may find this difficult to believe , this white wine was " bigger " than almost any red wine .
This Kistler Chardonnay is so memorable , it can still be tasted to this very day .
The Big Red Ones
Now on to the medicinal wine — reds !
Let ’s face it , red wine is just plain good for you .
It fights off bad cholesterol , protects against colds , and brings good health and longevity to your ticker .
And it makes you happy to savor it .
There is so much to explore in the red realm , but first off , let ’s look at Zinfandel .
The creation of White Zinfandel is perhaps one of the greatest crimes against humanity .
The red grape that makes
White Zinfandel is disrespected , flogged , and betrayed in order to achieve its proletariat status in the world of wines .
Here ’s Scott Gunerman on White Zin :
Zinfandel is the ultimate Rodney Dangerfield ( No Respect ! ) grape because of its association with that awful tasting ( sorry ladies ) yet highly profitable wine known as White Zinfandel .
White Zin is a “ pink ” wine made from Zinfandel grapes left in contact with the grape ’s skin for just a short time .
Bob Trinchero from Sutter Home Winery started this fad in the early 1970 ’s and made this wine into a HUGE commercial success .
Many wineries make the lion ’s share of their profits from their White Zin sales .
The winning formula ?
Simple : cheap grapes + huge yields + broad California designation ( ever heard of a single vineyard White Zin ? ! ) = gigantic money .
Too bad you did n’t think of that first — you ’d have enough cash to fill an Olympic size swimming pool .
I ’m willing to bet that the majority of White Zinfandel consumers have no idea that Zinfandel is a red grape and capable of making monster wines that can knock your socks off .
Do n’t believe me ?
Go to a Zinfandel tasting , and see for yourself !
Nothing is more dreadful than a glass of White Zin — yet people rip it off the store shelves like it is penny candy .
It ’s the most popular wine in America — yikes !!
As the old joke goes : " If she drinks White Zinfandel she is easy , thinks she is classy and sophisticated , and actually has no clue .
If he drinks White Zinfandel , he is gay . "
All White Zinfandel should be taken out behind the barn to be shot .
Now onward .
The real stuff is not of the " white " variety .
Zinfandel is a red - skinned grape that produces intensely flavorful wines that are unique in flavor .
Zinfandel off of the " old vines " is akin to a reserve and tends to be richer and more flavorful due to the age and quality of the vines from which it came .
Windsor , yet again , makes a smashingly great Zin , as does Ironstone .
Neither brand is expensive , and Ironstone can be had for about $ 10 per bottle , or under $ 30 for the Old Vine variety .
Francis Coppola
Zin is also a tasty bargain at less than $ 13 per bottle .
These wines — Zin , that is — are typically of a far better quality than the mainstream Merlots and Cabs that are in the same price range .
So why wait to try them ?
In fact , many red wines are oftentimes pure plonk .
Unfortunately , the ultra- mainstream , mass - marketed brands such as Woodbridge , Rosemont , Jacob ’s Creek , Blackstone , Fetzer , Gallo , and even some of the Beringer wines , are virtually homogenous in taste and quality throughout the $ 6 - $ 20 price range .
So why pay $ 20 for mass - produced plonk when you can get Australian plonk for about $ 6 - $ 10 .
Or , if you ’re smart , you can buy a Barton & Guestier , French red — Merlot , Cabernet , Beaujolais — for the same price as the Aussie stuff .
Now make no mistake about it — forget anything encouraging you may have heard about Two - Buck Chuck , that awful stuff offered up by Trader Joe’s .
As Slate ’s wine man Mike Steinberger said , " It sucks . " u2018 Nuff said .
And Port wine — what about that ?
Port is a staple as a desert wine ; it originated in Portugal .
" Officially , " Port only comes from Portugal like Champagne comes only from the Champagne region of France ( all others are sparkling wine ) , and bourbon comes only from Kentucky .
Port is higher in alcohol , and , in its vintage form , can be aged for decades .
Once again , Windsor Vineyards makes a Rare California
Port that we think challenges many of the fine Portuguese Ports in regards to quality .
It ’s sweet — as is the nature of Port — and makes for great after - meal enjoyment .
With respect to red wines , cabernet sauvignon is the kingpin .
A misnomer regarding cabernet sauvignon pertains to the belief that it is an ancient variety of grape .
Genetic studies , performed at U.C. Davis , have determined that cabernet sauvignon is actually the hybrid offspring of sauvignon blanc and cabernet franc .
Nonetheless , this terrific varietal produces some of the world ’s finest red wines .
To continue with our mission , however , we want to guide you to try something a bit different .
Yet , before moving on , we would be remiss to not pass on two recommendations for excellent cabernet sauvignons that are excellent values in spite of appearing to be somewhat expensive — these are better than many cabernets that have triple - digit prices .
Hence , if you are willing to spend a bit more money , definitely try the Dutch Henry 2001 Napa Valley Estate Cabernet Sauvignon ( $ 58 ) and / or the Salvestrin 2003 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon ( $ 49 ) .
There is a wonderful winery in Yorkville , CA , ( Mendocino County ) that epitomizes being off the beaten track .
Yorkville Cellars produces some delicious wines using varietals typically thought of as blending grapes .
For example , Yorkville Cellars produces an intensely flavorful wine made of petit verdot .
As stated on their website : " It is unique and seldom seen .
There are only 895 bearing acres ( compared to 71,536 of Cabernet Sauvignon ) of it out of a total vineyard acreage of 440,296 in California . "
This deeply intense reddish - purple wine has raspberry and red-cherry flavors and can cellar for decades .
Such a big wine pairs well with Cajun - blackened steak and zesty barbecued pork ribs .
Another grape , considered to be mostly a blending grape , is cabernet franc .
Well , Yorkville Cellars comes to the rescue again .
Their 2003 vintage is 79 % cabernet franc and 21 % cabernet sauvignon .
In their own words : " Rich and full - bodied with lots of Bing cherry and blueberry fruit .
Hints of licorice , toasted spice and herbs on the nose with a touch of burnt sugar or maple syrup .
Good structure with moderate tannins , light herbal note mid-palate and a hint of violets to finish .
Try serving with pork chops , lamb kabobs or sausage with peppers . "
For $ 18 , this wine is a bargain .
A great price for the " other cabernet . "
Have you ever tried a Bordeaux - style wine ?
Yorkville Cellars produces one using all five classic red varietals : Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot , Cabernet Franc , Malbec and Petit Verdot .
It has a magnificent name " Richard the Lion - Heart . "
Here again , in Yorkville Cellars ’ words : " Our Richard is always deceptively soft , yet complex and features a long , smooth finish .
Wine critics typically compare it favorably to wines at twice the price and even more , so it represents great Mendocino u2018 bang for the buck . ’"
At $ 30 a bottle ( for the 2001 ) , this may be one of the finest values on the market .
For one winery to produce such unusual and wonderful wines makes it simple for you to experience lesser - known red wines — all at reasonable prices .
And , by the way , all of Yorkville Cellars ’ wines are crafted using certified organic estate grown grapes .
Talk about being off the beaten track .
This winery truly goes the extra mile .
Within the economic way of thinking , wine is something that can cater to both high and low time preferences .
The June 30 , 2006 issue of Wine Spectator notes , " The top wines are built for aging .
But their opulence should please consumers with less patience .
They are wines for a generation that enjoys instant gratification as well as long - term pleasure . "
There are some things that are just meant to be enjoyed in the here - and - now , and the heck with later .
Luckily , wines are now drinkable while young , especially those in the modest price ranges .
Hence , no need to wait around before raising a glass .
Of course , the mass production of wine has triggered shelves full of appalling plonk with Budweiser appeal .
Then again , mass production and mainstream popularity has also brought forth an amazing array of wines — bringing to the market a new sense of variety , affordability , and creativity that only entrepreneurship , competition , and inspired marketing can provide .
From Boone ’s Farm to Beringer to Kistler , fortunately , there ’s a little something for all of us .
Alcohol — the cause of and solution to all of life ’s problems ~ Homer Simpson
The Best of Karen De Coster
