Last night , on Greta Van Susterens ' Faux News show , Palin was brought to comment ( read , attack like the slavering pit bull in a skirt she is ) on the imminent passage ( hopefully ) of HCR .
As usual , it was the Faux News / GOP / Conservative whine of " Why was n't this a bipartisan bill ? "
( Gee , I do n't know , maybe because you idiots say " No " to everything ? )
In the real world , the answer would be obvious .
But in Palin 's world , of course it 's all Obama 's fault .
And here 's the reason why :
Palin :
It really reflects a lack of experience of President Obama's , which - it was warned about during the campaign that Candidate Obama did n't have executive experience , he has n't been an administrator or a manager of anything .
So to jump into this huge - hugely important responsible position as President of the United States without the experience to know how to work across party lines , and to know how to administer and manage a team to get policy through that makes sense , that 's supported by the people - it's a bit , um , it 's a bit over his head , if you will .
And , uh , things are n't going well , and the public is really voicing their frustration .
Yes , you heard it here .
Sarah Palin , the most inexperienced , unqualified and incompetent candidate for national office in recent memory , who could n't even finish out her single term as Governor without saying " Screw you guys , I 'm going home " and quitting , said Obama " lacks experience " and is in " over his head . "
The mind just reels .
Of course , this is a retread of her schtick during the 2008 campaign , where she argued her tenture as Mayor of Wasilla made her more experienced at administrative roles than Obama ( as if being mayor of a community in Alaska is equal to being Commander in Chief ) .
And even that she botched badly .
For a prime example of Palin 's supposed " experience " in action , see here .
For the last time , Palin , shut up .
You know nothing , you contribute nothing and you are a complete waste of space .
Go away .
And again , F__K YOU , JOHN MCCAIN .
To picturesque Wapping , where unrest among hacks and techies about recent IT cuts at News International is bubbling following a 24 - hour email outage yesterday that crippled newsrooms and commercial operations alike .
Cast in the role of villain is CIO Andrew Hickey , the man responsible for a broad IT outsourcing deal in December that has seen many functions taken over by HCL , of Noida , near New Delhi .
The Reg 's embedded correspondent sent this exclusive report : " The new disaster recovery system is a complete clusterf *ck .
" When the problem happened it replicated to all the active directory servers , so the email disaster recovery system was deleted completely . "
Hickey has a background with Accenture , and has brought in several of his former colleagues to manage the soaraway outsourcing bonanza .
" He believes all IT departments from banks to supermarkets to newspapers can be run in the same way : ie just using off - the - shelf software administered by low - skill employees , " our man says .
Editorial colleagues are also grumbling loudly about the decision to make deep cuts to the communications functions of a communications company .
Announcing the deal , Hickey - who clearly does n't share Sun subs ' gift for direct language - said : " I believe that longer term , technology cost optimization , after standardization , will be driven by shared tenancy models and this deal positions us to take advantage of this model in the medium term . "
We think he means that it 's cheap .
A News International spokeswoman said suggestions that the outsourcing programme was to blame for the outage were " not correct " , but refused to discuss the cause further or make any other comment . ®
The debt crisis in Greece is approaching the point of no return .
As prospects for a rescue plan seem to be fading , largely thanks to German obduracy , nervous investors have driven interest rates on Greek government bonds sky - high , sharply raising the country ’s borrowing costs .
This will push Greece even deeper into debt , further undermining confidence .
At this point it ’s hard to see how the nation can escape from this death spiral into default .
It ’s a terrible story , and clearly an object lesson for the rest of us .
But an object lesson in what , exactly ?
Yes , Greece is paying the price for past fiscal irresponsibility .
Yet that ’s by no means the whole story .
The Greek tragedy also illustrates the extreme danger posed by a deflationary monetary policy .
And that ’s a lesson one hopes American policy makers will take to heart .
The key thing to understand about Greece ’s predicament is that it ’s not just a matter of excessive debt .
Greece ’s public debt , at 113 percent of G.D.P. , is indeed high , but other countries have dealt with similar levels of debt without crisis .
For example , in 1946 , the United States , having just emerged from World War II , had federal debt equal to 122 percent of G.D.P .
Yet investors were relaxed , and rightly so :
Over the next decade the ratio of U.S. debt to G.D.P. was cut nearly in half , easing any concerns people might have had about our ability to pay what we owed .
And debt as a percentage of G.D.P. continued to fall in the decades that followed , hitting a low of 33 percent in 1981 .
JOS , Nigeria ( Reuters ) - Nigeria ’s acting president Sunday ordered the security forces to hunt down those behind clashes involving Muslim herders and Christian villagers in which more than 300 people may have been killed .
The latest unrest in Nigeria ’s central Plateau state comes at a difficult time , with acting leader Goodluck Jonathan trying to assert his authority while ailing President Umaru Yar ’Adua remains too sick to govern the oil - producing nation .
Villagers in Dogo Nahawa , just south of the state capital Jos , said Hausa - Fulani herders from surrounding hills attacked at about 3 a.m. ( 10 p.m. EST ) , shooting into the air before cutting those who came out of their homes with machetes .
A Red Cross official said at least two other nearby communities were also targeted , in an area close to where sectarian clashes killed hundreds of people in January , but that it was too early to give an overall death toll .
A Reuters witness counted more than 120 bodies -- most lying in Dogo Nahawa , others taken to mortuaries in Jos -- but Plateau State Commissioner for Information Gregory Yenlong said more than 300 people , including women and children , had died .
Jonathan put the security forces on red alert to try to prevent reprisal attacks spreading into neighboring states .
“ Reports reaching us indicated marauding bands launched a flurry of attacks on certain communities in the state , causing considerable death and injury , ” Jonathan ’s office said .
“ The Acting President ... has directed that the security services undertake strategic initiatives to confront and defeat these roving bands of killers , ” it said in a statement .
Some of the bodies seen by the Reuters witness -- including those of women and children -- were charred , others had machete wounds across their faces .
Aid workers said some had been shot .
“ The shooting was just meant to bring people from their houses and then when people came out they started cutting them with machetes , ” said Dogo Nahawa resident Peter Jang , women crying behind him .
POLITICAL UNCERTAINTY
Four days of sectarian clashes in January between mobs armed with guns , knives and machetes killed hundreds of people in Jos , which lies at the crossroads of Nigeria ’s Muslim north and predominantly Christian south .
Jonathan deployed hundreds of troops and police to quell January ’s unrest , in which community leaders put the death toll at more than 400 .
Official police figures estimated the death toll from the clashes two months ago at 326 .
Yenlong said the state government may consider extending a dusk - to - dawn curfew still in place after January ’s unrest .
It was not immediately clear what triggered the latest unrest , but thousands have died in religious and ethnic violence in central Nigeria over the past 10 years .
The tension is rooted in decades of resentment between indigenous groups , mostly Christian or animist , who are vying for control of fertile farmlands with migrants and settlers from the Hausa - speaking Muslim north .
The instability underscores the fragility of Africa ’s most populous nation as it approaches the campaign period for 2011 elections with uncertainty over who is in charge .
Yar ’Adua returned from three months in a Saudi hospital , where he was being treated for a heart condition , a week and a half ago but has still not been seen in public .
Presidency sources say he remains in a mobile intensive care unit .
Fears of a debilitating power struggle between Yar ’Adua ’s inner circle , a northern elite keen to maintain its grip on power , and Jonathan -- who is from the south -- sprang up in the OPEC member state of 140 million people when the 58 - year - old leader was flown back late at night and driven off by ambulance .
" Think of it as popping over to your mates for a coffee only it is a friend you have not met yet , " he wrote on a sign .
" I am not selling anything .
This is a gift and all it will cost you is a smile . "
Hellboy pin-up from 1994 By Devilpig Watch
290 Favourites 41 Comments 11 K Views
Did this back in ' 94 for Mignola .
It saw print in one of the Hellboy related books .
It 's kinda cool that I 'm doing covers for him now .
Like being called up to majors or something like that .
Speaking of which , I 'll be posting some of that stuff soon .
With more projects that I get to do covers for in the future , like B.P.R.D. and Lobster Johnson , it should be some great fun to come .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1342x2061px 700.68 KB
Show More
Published : Feb 24 , 2010
Toyota Motor , estimating that it lost 18,000 sales in the United States last month while its chief competitors enjoyed big gains , introduced incentives Tuesday as it tried to restore consumers ’ confidence in its vehicles after three big recalls .
The deals , described as the “ most far - reaching sales program in its history , ” include no -interest financing for five years on eight models and low lease rates on nine .
Toyota also is giving past customers who buy a new Toyota up to two years of free scheduled maintenance “ as a thank - you to our customers for sticking with us , ” said Robert S. Carter , general manager of the Toyota division .
Mr. Carter maintained that most of the company ’s customers had stuck with the company but acknowledged that the recalls had hurt Toyota ’s ability to attract new buyers .
“ I ca n’t come up with an incentive program that makes that go away , ” he said on a conference call .
The biggest beneficiary might have been the Ford Motor Company , which reported a 43 percent sales increase for February and surged ahead of General Motors to become the country ’s top - selling automaker for the month — but barely .
( Dakar ) - Nigeria 's acting president should make sure that the massacre of at least 200 Christian villagers in central Nigeria on March 7 , 2010 , is thoroughly and promptly investigated and that those responsible are prosecuted , Human Rights Watch said today .
The acting president should also ensure that the military and the police act swiftly to protect civilians of all ethnicities at risk of further attacks or reprisal killings , including by conducting regular patrols throughout the vulnerable region , Human Rights Watch said .
The latest killings in Nigeria 's restive Plateau State took place in the early morning hours of March 7 , when groups of men armed with guns , machetes , and knives attacked residents of the villages of Dogo Nahawa , Zot , and Ratsat , 10 kilometers south of Jos , the capital of Plateau State .
The dead included scores of women and children .
" This kind of terrible violence has left thousands dead in Plateau State in the past decade , but no one has been held accountable , " said Corinne Dufka , senior West Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch .
" It 's time to draw a line in the sand .
The authorities need to protect these communities , bring the perpetrators to book , and address the root causes of violence . "
Witnesses interviewed by Human Rights Watch said the attacks were committed by Muslim men speaking Hausa and Fulani against Christians , mostly of the Berom ethnicity .
Civil society leaders in Jos said that the attacks appeared to be in retaliation for previous attacks against Muslim communities in the area and the theft of cattle from Fulani herdsmen .
On January 19 , more than 150 Muslim residents were killed in an attack on the nearby town of Kuru Karama .
The witnesses said that groups of armed men attacked the largely Christian village of Dogo Nahawa at around 3 a.m .
After surrounding the town , they hunted down and attacked Christian residents , killing many as they tried to flee and burning many others alive .
The witnesses said they believed some of the attackers had previously lived in their villages before fleeing during inter-communal tension in 2001 , 2008 , and earlier in 2010 .
Witnesses to the killings , community leaders from Jos , and journalists who visited the villages told Human Rights
Watch that they saw bodies , including corpses of young children and babies , inside houses , strewn around the streets , and in the pathways leading out of the villages .
A Christian leader who participated today in a mass burial of 67 bodies in Dogo Nahawa said that about 375 people are dead or still missing .
Journalists and community leaders who visited the town said that many homes , cars , and other property were burned and destroyed .
" These attacks we see as reprisal attacks from the crisis in January , " the Plateau State police spokesperson , Mohammed Lerama , told Human Rights Watch .
According to official police figures , the police have so far arrested 98 people in connection with the attacks .
Goodluck Jonathan , who on February 9 was named acting president by Nigeria 's National Assembly , responded to the January violence by deploying additional troops to the streets of Jos and surrounding communities .
The military presence and patrols have been largely limited to major roads and towns and have not protected many of the smaller communities .
After the worst of the mid-January violence in and around the nearby town of Kuru Karama , Jonathan pledged to bring the perpetrators to justice .
" Those found to have engineered , encouraged or fanned the embers of this crisis through their actions or pronouncements will be arrested and speedily brought to justice , " he said .
" We will not allow anyone to hide under the canopy of group action to evade justice .
Crime , in all its gravity , is an individual responsibility , not a communal affair . "
While Jonathan 's commitments are a step in the right direction , they need to be followed with credible investigations and prosecutions , Human Rights Watch said .
Background
Nigeria is deeply divided along ethnic and religious lines .
More than 13,500 people have died in religious or ethnic clashes since the end of military rule in 1999 .
The outbreak of violence south of Jos on March 7 is the latest in a series of deadly incidents in and around Plateau State .
An unprecedented outbreak of violence in Jos claimed as many as 1,000 lives in September 2001 ; more than 700 people died in May 2004 in inter-communal clashes in the town of Yelwa in the southern part of Plateau State ; and at least 700 people were killed in the violence in Jos on November 28 and 29 , 2008 .
Human Rights
Watch documented 133 cases of unlawful killings by members of the security forces in responding to the 2008 violence .
Sectarian clashes broke out again in Jos on January 17 and quickly spread to neighboring communities , including Kuru Karama .
In December 2008 , President Umaru Yar 'Adua set up a panel to investigate the 2008 Jos violence , but the panel only began hearings in December 2009 .
The Plateau State governor , Jonah Jang , also formed a commission of inquiry that held public hearings , but the report has not been made public .
Following these incidents , police and judicial authorities have not conducted thorough investigations or prosecutions of those responsible for the violence .
Human Rights
Watch urged the Nigerian government to take concrete steps to end policies that discriminate against " non-indigenes " - people who cannot trace their ancestry to those said to be the original inhabitants of an area - which fuel tension and underlie many of these conflicts .
The federal government should pass and enforce legislation prohibiting government discrimination against non-indigenes in all matters that are not purely cultural or related to traditional leadership institutions , Human Rights Watch said .
Non-indigenes are openly denied the right to compete for government jobs and academic scholarships .
Members of the largely Muslim Hausa ethnic group are classified as non-indigenes in Jos and surrounding communities , though many have lived there for several generations .
Selected Witness Accounts
A resident of Dogo Nahawa described to Human Rights Watch what happened :
Dogo is a farming village several kilometers from Jos .
They came at around 3 a.m. to attack our village .
When they arrived , they immediately started shooting , so many of us ran outside to see what happened .
Then others attacked us with machetes , killing so many .
It was not easy for us to escape .
I ran into the bushes and hid - from there I saw them killing .
They killed about 150 children , 80 women , 50 men in Dogo Nahawa .
There were about 200 of them armed with guns and cutlasses .
After running away , I could see the burning of our houses and heard our women and children screaming as they were being killed .
I recognized a few of [ the attackers ' ] voices .
I believe they were those who had lived here before .
I heard them speaking in both Hausa and Fulani , saying , " The time has come , you will see . "
There was no warning for this attack .
I was very lucky to escape .
I saw many people being cut down as I was running .
The attack lasted until around 4:30 [ a.m. ] when the military showed up .
When the attackers saw their lights they disappeared - the attackers were on foot .
A 25 - year - old student described to Human Rights Watch what he saw in Dogo Nahawa :
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Percentage of Americans who favor socialism : 20
Percentage of Americans involved in Tea Party Movement : 11 ( Support for Tea Party is also about 12 % ) .
Number of mentions of “ Tea Party ” past month in Lexis radio and tv transcript search : 1042 *
Number of mentions of “ socialism ” past month in Lexis radio and tv transcript search : 69 +
Percentage of Americans who say it is unacceptable to take the Public Option out of the health care bill : 44
Number of mentions of the “ public option ” past month in Lexis radio and tv transcript search : 235
Only 9 percent of Tea Partiers are urban , whereas a majority of Americans are .
Tea partiers are half as big as proponents of socialism in the US body politic , but corporate media gives them 15 times more mention , and overwhelmingly more positive mention .
Although nearly one of every two Americans is committed to a public option in the health care bill , the public option received only 1 / 4 as many mentions in US mass media in the past month as Tea Partiers , who are supported by 1 in 9 Americans .
— — ——
* Often corporate media transcripts show the tiny ‘ Tea Party ’ movement taken seriously , praised .
* Most mentions of socialism , the political - economy preference of a fifth of Americans , in US corporate media are pejorative , occurring in stories about North Korea or China , or as insults directed at President Barack Obama .
( In a recent Rasmussen poll , 52 % of Americans supported capitalism and 20 % supported socialism .
Some 27 % did not know which they supported . )
End / ( Not Continued )
The rich are getting richer , and they are paying fewer taxes .
Despite constant whining from the richest Americans about high taxes and how the best solution to the economic crisis is lower taxes for themselves , the evidence , according to a recent paper by the Economic Policy Institute , shows that the very richest Americans saw their after tax incomes rise astronomically leading up to the Great Recession in 2007 .
Analysis of federal tax data showed that the 400 richest Americans took in $ 344.8 million in 2007 , up 31 percent over 2006 .
Between 1992 and 2007 , that income grew by 409 percent .
After tax income for this group grew by 476 percent .
Meanwhile , pre-tax median income for all Americans grew by just 13.2 percent in the same period .
During the past ten years , however , federal data shows median incomes for working families have actually fallen .
In 2007 , the richest Americans earned 6900 times more than the average household , while in 1992 they earned just 1124 times as much .
That means the gap between the richest Americans and the average family is 6 times higher today than it was in 1992 .
Such growing disparities in wealth have hit the working class hard in recent years .
For example , a new study by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation revealed this week that 2.4 million middle - income earners were added to the number of Americans who go without health insurance between 2000 - 2008 .
A recent finding by the White House Middle Class Task Force also showed that “ while incomes have risen , the prices for three large components of middle class expenses have increased faster than income : the cost of college , the cost of health care and the cost of a house .
Thus , we conclude that it is harder to attain a middle class lifestyle now than it was in the recent past . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/ken_mayer/
/ CC BY 2.0
China accuses the Dalai Lama of being a troublemaker China has warned that ties with the US would be undermined if US President Barack Obama met the Dalai Lama .
There is speculation that Mr Obama will meet the Tibetan spiritual leader in Washington later this month , but no date has been confirmed .
Communist Party official Zhu Weiqun said such a meeting would " threaten trust and co-operation " between Beijing and Washington .
The dispute is the latest of several strains on the countries ' relations .
Foreign interference ?
China , which took over Tibet in 1950 , considers the Dalai Lama a separatist and tries to isolate the spiritual leader by asking foreign leaders not to see him .
Last year Mr Obama passed up the opportunity to see the Dalai Lama when he visited the US , but a White House spokesman said last month the two men intended to meet when the Tibetan monk visited Washington later in February .
US - CHINA TENSIONS
Google - China denies being behind an alleged cyber attack on the US search engine Taiwan - a US sale of $ 6.4bn ( £ 4bn ) of defensive arms to Taiwan has angered Beijing Tibet - China says a US meeting with the Dalai Lama would " undermine relations "
Trade - rows over imports and exports of meat , media , car tyres and raw materials Iran - the US fears China will not back tougher sanctions against Tehran over its nuclear programme Climate - the US is disappointed at China 's tough position at the Copenhagen Summit
Relations hit a bad patch The US - China power balance " If the US leader chooses to meet with the Dalai Lama at this time , it will certainly threaten trust and co-operation between China and the United States , " said Mr Zhu , executive deputy minister of the Chinese Communist Party 's United Front Work Department .
He said that if a meeting did take place , China would " take corresponding action to make relevant countries see their mistakes " .
" We oppose any attempt by foreign forces to interfere in China 's internal affairs using the Dalai Lama as an excuse , " he said .
" If they [ the US ] do n't recognise that Tibet is part of China , it will seriously undermine the political foundation of Sino - US relations . "
The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule .
' Baseless accusations '
Mr Zhu was speaking at a press conference to discuss the recent five - day visit to China by the Dalai Lama 's representatives .
Zhu Weiqun has just been meeting the Dalai Lama 's representatives
It was the ninth time the two sides have met since 2002 , but Mr Zhu said the positions of both sides remained " sharply divided " - a situation which had " become a norm rather than an exception " .
According to China , at this latest round of meetings the Tibetans again reiterated their hopes for the introduction of greater autonomy in the Himalayan region .
But Mr Zhu said there was no possibility of the " slightest compromise " on the issue of sovereignty in Tibet .
He also attacked the Dalai Lama , who he said was a troublemaker .
" He should make a thorough self - examination of his words and deeds and radically correct his political positions if he really expects results of contact and talks , " he said .
A spokesman for the Dalai Lama called on the Chinese to " stop the baseless accusations " against the leader .
Kasur Lodi Gyarit urged Beijing to work with the spiritual leader in order to " ensure stability , unity and the development of a harmonious society " .
Taiwan row
The row over the Dalai Lama 's visit has added to an increasingly tense relationship between China and the US in recent months .
Instability attracts defence giants
Your views on arms row The two countries have clashed over trade and internet censorship , and most recently over arms sales to Taiwan .
On Tuesday Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said the $ 6.4bn ( £ 4bn ) arms deal would damage both Washington and Beijing 's interests and would " unavoidably affect China - US co-operation on important international and regional issues " .
He repeated Beijing 's threats to impose sanctions on US companies involved in the sale , including aerospace giant Boeing , which dominates China 's airline market .
But the BBC 's world affairs correspondent Paul Reynolds says that while the Chinese reaction was strong , it was well - rehearsed and within bounds .
If Washington ever sold clearly offensive weapons to Taiwan - such as cruise or ballistic missiles - China would be seriously angered , but this sale is only of defensive weaponry .
Taiwan has long been an issue of contention between China and the US .
The island has been ruled by a separate government to China since the end of the civil war in 1949 , but China still considers it to be part of its territory .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Digital Economy Bill is currently going through Parliament Plans to suspend the internet accounts of people who download music illegally are unfair , according to the head of Britain 's biggest telecoms firm .
British Telecom 's chief executive , Ian Livingston , said illegal file - sharers should be fined instead of cut off .
He and other industry figures from Firms such as Google and Facebook have written to the Financial Times urging changes to the Digital Economy Bill .
The bill is going through Parliament and was welcomed by the music industry .
It is seen as a weapon in the battle against online piracy .
But Mr Livingston says plans to suspend internet access for file - sharers goes against natural justice .
What Mr Livingston had to say will not make comfortable reading for Labour , the Conservatives or the Liberal Democrats
Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full " If someone is accused a fine can be issued , a bit like a speeding offence , " he told BBC News .
" They can appeal it .
If they do n't appeal it then they pay a fine . "
He said the money generated by fines could be used to compensate the creative industries or even to support the rollout of broadband across the UK .
He said his proposal would not penalise whole families - or potentially small businesses - for the action of one person .
" I 'm trying to be constructive , not destructive , " he said .
' Net threat '
Mr Livingston is one of several leading industry figures who have now written to the Financial Times with concerns about other aspects of the Digital Economy Bill .
DIGITAL ECONOMY BILL Legal framework for tackling copyright infringement via education and technical measures New duties for Ofcom to assess the UK 's communications infrastructure every two years Modernising spectrum to increase investment in mobile broadband Framework for the move to digital radio switchover by 2015 Updating Channel 4 functions to encompass public service content , on TV and online Age ratings compulsory for all boxed video games aimed at those over 12 years
Web giants oppose copyright plans
The letter , signed by representatives of Facebook , Yahoo , Google and numerous Internet Service Providers says that a recent amendment to the bill - known as 120A - could have " unintended consequences which far outweigh any benefits " .
The amendment passed in early march with support from the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives , would allow courts to use injunctions to force internet service providers ( ISPs ) to block certain websites that facilitate illegal file - sharing .
But the firms say the amendment could " threaten freedom of speech and the open internet , without reducing copyright infringement as intended " .
" To rush through such a controversial proposal at the tail end of parliament , without any kind of consultation with consumers or industry , is very poor lawmaking , " the letter reads .
The signatories , which also include BT , Virgin Media , Carphone Warehouse and Orange , say the bill could have " an adverse impact on the reputation of the UK as a place to do online business " .
The amendment replaces the controversial Clause 17 of the Digital Economy Bill , which was also opposed by many technology firms in the UK .
Controversial clause
The original clause would have given the Secretary of State broad powers to amend copyright laws to respond to new forms of online infringement .
A season of reports from 8 - 19 March 2010 exploring the extraordinary power of the internet , including : Digital giants - top thinkers in the business on the future of the web Mapping the internet - a visual representation of the spread of the web over the last 20 years Global Voices - the BBC links up with an online community of bloggers around the world
BBC SuperPower season
Send us your comments
It was defeated by the House of Lords in March , but replaced by the new amendment .
The music industry welcomed the new addition to the Digital Economy Bill when it was passed and said that any claim it could lead to " blocking based on accusation " was unfounded .
" It is highly unlikely that a court would order blocking of websites that adopt responsible copyright policies , including effective take - down procedure , " Geoff Taylor of music industry body the BPI said at the time .
The Digital Economy Bill was outlined in the Queen 's speech in November 2009 and has been hotly debated ever since .
One of the most controversial elements is the so - called " three strikes rule " that would give regulator Ofcom new powers to disconnect or slow down the connections of persistent net pirates .
The bill will have its third and final reading in the House of Lords next week , before it goes back to the Commons .
Commentators have suggested it may be forced through before the upcoming General Election .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Avagy valahogy kihozzák az egy pár és egy lakótárs hrámast egy közös kapcsolatra .
Remember " We Are The World " ?
A bazillion stars standing in front of microphones while clutching lyric sheets and looking very stern and serious ?
Horrible fucking song , huge fucking hit , raised a fuckton of money for Africa ?
Hold onto your monocles because a whole bunch of newfangled stars have covered the song to benefit the fine folks of Haiti .
And it 's fucking terrible .
Maybe even worse than the original .
Once again , good intentions have gone horribly awry .
By all means donate money to Haiti ( it 's a wonderful and worthy cause ) but watch this fucker at your own risk .
For once seen it can never be unseen ( in case you 're wondering , Akon did get to use his vocoder ) .
The folks behind the scenes at MacHeist are at it again , this time with a promotion they call the nanoBundle 2 .
The software bundle includes five Mac apps for $ 19.95 with the possibility of two more being unlocked if certain sales figures are met .
The retail value of all the applications , including the two that are currently locked , is over $ 260 .
Once again , the team is giving a portion ( 25 percent ) of all sales to a charity of your choice .
You can choose from a list of 11 at checkout .
The bundle is what we have come to expect from the folks at MacHeist : a couple apps you may never use , one or two that you will use once , and two or three that may find their way into your everyday workflow .
Included this time around are MacJournal , RipIt , Clips , CoverScout , and Flow .
Tales of Monkey Island will be unlocked when 50,000 bundles are ordered , and RapidWeaver will be unlocked at an undisclosed number of sales ( which will be revealed after ToMI is unlocked ) .
Each one of the included applications retail for more than the $ 19.95 asking price for the bundle .
I do n't have any firsthand experience with any of these applications , but I can say that at least one current and one one former colleague here at Ars swear by MacJournal for all of their writing needs .
CoverScout seems like a useful utility that fills album artwork gaps in your iTunes library and , if you have been looking for an FTP client , it may be worth at least checking out Flow .
If you are worried about the unlockable applications , we should note that , in the history of MacHeist , the entire bundle has always been unlocked regardless of sales figures .
The bundle will be on sale through March 9 .
Skylark by Dezso Kosztolányi , translated from the Hungarian by Richard Aczel , with an introduction by Péter Esterházy New York Review Books , 224 pp. , $ 15.00 ( paper )
This short , perfect novel seems to encapsulate all the world ’s pain in a soap bubble .
Its surface is as smooth as a fable , its setting and characters are unremarkable , its tone is blithe , and its effect is shattering .
Any story about people is implicitly concerned with fate :
How has it come about that this thing rather than that thing has happened to this person rather than that person ?
Much fiction employs one sort of crude causation or another to strongarm events into a clumsily trumped - up case asserting that A has led inexorably to Z , or , at the other pole , drops in front of us a heap of arbitrary incident and demands that we marvel at the inscrutability of life ’s course — which in fact is something we can do perfectly well on our own .
And as we ’re well aware that one thing rather than another happens to each person , why should we be interested in what happens to someone who was made up in the first place ?
We look to fiction writers to divine the true relationships — or true lack of them — between the elements that constitute a human life .
In Skylark , we encounter lives that contain no hidden exits or negotiable margins , and we come away from the book feeling that we have experienced the inalterable workings of destiny .
Dezso Kosztolányi ingeniously poises his leading characters to expose , over the course of a week — not only to us but also to themselves — the tangle of intractable emotions that has taken years to develop and binds them hand and foot .
The current of satire that runs through Skylark — sometimes faint and melancholy , sometimes rollickingly gleeful — as well as the book ’s brevity , might suggest a slight work ; on the contrary , the book is essential , a distillation of the heart ’s properties .
And as there ’s no way I can think of to discuss it without revealing the toylike plot to which its depth and dazzle attach , I suggest that you put this review aside right now , go out and buy a copy , and read it without looking at anything that ’s printed on the back cover .
A couple goes away for a little while and their child , left alone , creates all kinds of chaos , of which , by the time the parents return , there is no trace .
Skylark unfolds from the inversion of that simple stock premise : in this case , it is the child who goes away and the parents who run amok .
By means of a few aggressively naive expedients — a jocular , pseudo - Victorian chapter heading , a local daily newspaper , a calendar , and “ the sauntering brass hands of a grandfather clock , which sliced the seemingly endless day into tiny pieces ” — the author situates us firmly in the Vajkay household of Sárszeg , a Hungarian provincial town of his invention , just after noon on Friday , September …
Jamie Oliver is here to start a revolution .
The impassioned chef takes on obesity , heart disease and diabetes in the United States , where its children are the first generation not expected to live as long as their parents .
OTTAWA – Most of Rahim Jaffer ’s Conservative caucus colleagues dashed , squirmed , or told reporters to ask Ontario ’s Crown why their former national caucus chair got a “ break ” – as the judge called it — from prosecution on drunk driving and cocaine possession charges .
But Kory Teneycke , a former spokesman for Prime Minister Stephen Harper , said Jaffer is the one who owes the public an explanation and an apology .
“ I think there are probably a lot of Canadians who are looking at this story right now and wondering how is it that these charges could be swept aside in such a manner , ” Teneycke told CTV .
“ It makes one wonder sometimes if there is n’t two levels of justice , one for high - profile people and another for everybody else . ”
Jaffer ’s “ break ” from the justice system and a recent PEI airport tantrum of his wife , federal cabinet minister Helena Guergis , are politically damaging for the Conservatives unless the couple comes forward and shows contrition for their behaviour , said Teneycke .
“ This kind of stuff is toxic to the Conservative brand .
It speaks to a sense of entitlement and different rules applying , and I think it ’s actually a very serious issue for the government at a political level .
This is watercooler talk .
This is Tim Hortons talk .
This is the kind of stuff you ’ve got to nip in the bud . ”
But Wednesday , after the national caucus meeting in Ottawa , most Conservatives raced away from cameras and microphones , and declined to comment .
Some expressed dismay at the questions .
Others , including ministers ’
Peter MacKay and Tony Clement repeated the lines from the government Tuesday , that it was a matter for the provincial prosecuting officials , and not appropriate for federal politicians to comment on .
“ It ’s the Crown who ’s gotta answer , ” said MP Dave Tilson , whose Dufferin - Caledon riding takes in the courthouse where Jaffer pleaded guilty Tuesday .
“ I mean it ’s curious to go from a narcotic possession charge and an impaired driving charge down to a careless charge which , most of those – I do n’t know – it ’s six points or something ( off a drivers ’ licence ) plus a couple of fines .
But I do n’t know the facts , I ca n’t comment on something I do n’t know anything about . ”
The Star , citing police sources , reported Wednesday that the more serious charges were dropped because a rookie OPP officer failed to follow proper procedures during a strip search of Jaffer , 38 .
Prosecutors overruled the police in deciding the evidence would be open to challenge , and possible exclusion at trial , under the Charter of Rights .
Tainted evidence – or evidence obtained in violation of an individual ’s rights – may sometimes be excluded as a remedy for the rights breach .
Or , as the Supreme Court of Canada recently ruled , a rights violation may be addressed at the sentencing stage .
Ontario Attorney General Chris Bentley offered no further detail about why Crown prosecutors did not bring all the initial charges to trial .
Instead , the Crown attorney dropped two charges , and accepted Jaffer ’s guilty plea to a charge of careless driving , and a $ 500 fine .
The counts against Jaffer , a former Tory MP from Edmonton , simply could n’t be proven in court , Bentley told reporters .
“ I would ask you to consider the transcript in court .
As I recall the crown indicated , in the estimation of the crown the case could n’t be proven in court . ”
Bentley said he knows the public speculation about why the case did not proceed but “ every case is a collection of facts , evidence and the applicable law and it is not always capable to be sliced down to one issue or not . ”
At the end of the day , the crown makes a decision , he said .
“ The decision has been made by the crown .
I am interested , given the public reaction I want to make sure there is nothing amiss .
My indication so far is the crown very responsibly and seriously considered all the matters in this case , ” he said .
The chief prosecutor , Bentley said , has assured him that the crown carefully and appropriately considered all relevant factors in the case .
Since Jaffer is a public figure , a better explanation of what happened is probably a good idea , Bentley admitted .
“ I think the crown explaining more fully is probably an appropriate issue to be raised , ” he said .
“ But the public should have confidence in the administration of justice , regardless of who the individual is .
The decision is going to be the same , based on the facts and the evidence . ”
“ I do n’t think that it ’s any of my business , ” said Conservative Sen . Mike Duffy .
Queen ’s law professor Donald Stuart said when serious criminal charges like these were withdrawn then a detailed explanation should have been given in the courtroom , but added since that did n’t happen then it ’s up to Bentley to enlighten the public .
“ There might have been good reasons for withdrawing ( the charges ) but there does need to be an explanation , ” said Stuart , who went on to criticize federal Justice Rob Nicholson for spouting tough on crime rhetoric any other time but declining comment when it was a former Conservative MP .
“ I think there is a lot of hypocrisy going on in the federal government , ” he said .
Meanwhile , Public Safety Minister Vic
Toews office refused comment on a letter signed by Toews that was published today by Canwest News .
The Toews letter , addressed to “ Friends , colleagues and others , ” blames two reporters for a “ smear job on behalf of the Liberals ” in their reporting on the Jaffer case .
Toews said their references to the judge ’s past Conservative connections had nothing to do with the Jaffer matter , and that he had told reporters that any decisions were up to the provincial prosecutors ’ office .
“ I believe the Liberal – the Liberal government in Ontario would be responsible for that , ” Toews said Tuesday , and again in his letter .
“ I certainly have no knowledge why the province decided to handle the prosecution in that way .
I suspect the decision was made because there were flaws in the case involving the impaired driving and cocaine charges initially laid against Mr. Jaffer and that a careless driving charge was all that the facts and the law could reasonably support , ” Toews writes .
Judges rarely overrule sentence recommendations in plea bargains , and certainly cannot reverse decisions made on charges that are never brought before them , Toews notes .
He goes on to launch a bitter , personal attack on a Winnipeg Free Press reporter .
With files from Tanya Talaga and Richard J. Brennan
One of the president 's top advisers confidently predicted Sunday that Congress will pass healthcare reform and dared Republicans to advocate repealing it during the 2010 elections .
White House Senior Adviser David Axelrod said Democrats will have enough votes to pass healthcare by the time it comes to the House floor .
ADVERTISEMENT
" I am absolutely confident we are going to be successful , " he told NBC's " Meet the Press .
" And Axelrod , who was a top strategist on Obama 's 2008 campaign , said he relished the prospect of Republicans campaigning on a repeal of the legislation in 2010 .
Axelrod said that the GOP would have to explain why insurance comapnies should once again be able to discriminate against customers on the basis of pre-existing conditions , for example .
" Let 's have that fight , " he said .
" Make my day .
" Axelrod 's confidence comes as House Democratic leaders are scrambling to cobble together enough votes to pass the Senate bill , which could later be modified in separate legislation .
That vote , according to Axelrod , could come as early as this week .
Republicans have repeatedly argued that the American people oppose the current legislation .
Axelrod acknowledged on ABC's " This Week " that surface level polls are often gloomy for Democrats , but " when you go underneath , [ Americans ] support the elements of the plan . "
Axelrod brushed off Republican criticisms that Democrats were subverting the rules of the Senate by potentially using budget reconciliation to pass fixes to the current legislation .
Americans , Axelrod said , " do n't know or care much about the sequencing of parliamentary procedures . "
WASHINGTON ( JTA ) — A Jewish congressman who figured prominently in passing the health care reform bill received anti-Semitic notes during the final days of passage .
U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - N.Y. ) was among the most visible and outspoken proponents of the legislation , which the Congress approved Sunday .
Some opponents of the bill affiliated with the Tea Party movement spent last weekend jeering its most prominent advocates ; at times the jeers devolved into epithets hurled at African - American and gay members .
Weiner ’s office confirmed receiving anti-Semitic notes , including one signed with a swastika .
Another addressed Weiner as " Shlomo . "
A senior Hamas leader called for a new " intifada " on Tuesday as thousands of people across the Gaza Strip protested against Israel 's reopening of a 17th century synagogue in Jerusalem .
" There must be plans to confront these Zionist plans , to be carried out over the long term , and not temporary actions that quench the rage and then end , " Hamas deputy politburo chief Mussa Abu Marzuk told Al - Jazeera television .
" The intifada ( uprising ) must enjoy the participation of all of Palestinian society , " he said via telephone from his base in Damascus .
" Every Palestinian should rise up ... against the forces of the ( Israeli ) occupation . "
Thousands of people , mostly students , took to the streets across Hamas - ruled Gaza to protest the opening of the synagogue and recent Israeli settlement expansions in the Holy City , where Palestinian rioters battled Israeli police .
" With our blood , with our souls , we sacrifice for you , Jerusalem , " the crowds in Gaza shouted as they waved Palestinian flags and held up posters of the golden Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem 's Old City .
A globally unprecedented crisis is facing China , thanks to the illegal but still - all - too - common practice of selectively aborting female fetuses .
By 2020 , China will find itself with 30 million more men of marrying age than women .
What will this imbalance mean in practical terms ?
Here are five educated guesses :
1 . A rise in imported mail - order brides
When Chinese men fail to find wives locally , they will likely look abroad .
An early - 1990s boy boom in South Korea has led to a similar imbalance , a sharp uptick in the number of " mixed " Korean marriages — 11 percent by 2008 — and a rise in " Kosian " ( Korean - Asian ) children .
2 . An uptick in gay relationships
Homosexuality is not especially well - tolerated in China , but that could change as men — and society — run out of options , says Rudi Stettner in IndyPosted .
Currently , it 's believed that 90 percent of the estimated 25 million gay Chinese men marry women , often without confessing their sexual orientation , says University of Shanghai sexologist Liu Dalin , as quoted in The Economist .
That option will dry up , and while lobbyist efforts to persuade Chinese legislators to approve gay marriage are making headway , it 's slow going .
3 . A kidnapping epidemic
Crime has doubled in China over the past 20 years , says The Florida Times - Union in an editorial , especially when it comes to " bride abductions and female trafficking . "
This problem may reach epidemic proportions when " scores of young men who [ have ] no prospects for marriage as a way of attaining a family or social status " come of age .
4 . A real estate bubble
As women become scarce and harder to impress , men may be forced to attract mates with premium real estate , says Joe Weisenthal in The Business Insider , thus bidding up the market .
The gender imbalance has already jacked up China 's savings rate , says The Economist , as " parents with a single son save to increase his chances of attracting a wife . "
5 . A war to thin out excess men
Chinese officials are clearly worried about the gender imbalance , says Peter Hitchens in The Daily Mail , and if their current propoganda - based efforts to dissuade parents from killing or aborting female offspring do n't work , " a war to cull the surplus males " is in the realm of possibilties .
It 's hard to say , because " nothing like this has ever happened to any civilization before . "
Am Sonntag ließ das Kirchenoberhaupt beim traditionellen Angelus - Gebet in Rom die Gelegenheit verstreichen , auf den Skandal einzugehen .
Sonst spricht der Papst bei dem Gebet am Ende der Messe durchaus aktuelle Ereignisse an .
Erst am Freitag war bekanntgeworden , dass in Joseph Ratzingers Amtszeit als Erzbischof von München und Freising ein Priester nach Missbrauchsvorwürfen von Essen nach München versetzt worden war .
In Bayern verging sich der Priester erneut an minderjährigen Jungen .
Der Präsident des Zentralkomitees der deutschen Katholiken , Alois Glück , stellte sich schützend vor das Kirchenoberhaupt .
„ Wir haben es hier mit einem hausgemachten Problem unserer Kirche in Deutschland zu tun “ , sagte Glück der „ Passauer Neuen Presse “ von Montag .
Die Zuständigkeit für die Aufklärung liege bei den Bischöfen .
Kein Verständnis für Benedikts Schweigen
Rücktritt wegen „ Vorfällen mit Jugendlichen “
Nach Ansicht der Reformbewegung „ Wir sind Kirche “ ist eine Entschuldigung von Benedikt XVI .
dagegen überfällig .
„ Auch kirchentreue Katholiken verstehen das Schweigen des Papstes nicht “ , sagte „ Wir sind Kirche “ - Sprecher Christian Weisner .
„ Damit hat Benedikt die Chance eines einfühlsamen Wortes leider abermals vertan . “
Offenbar habe das Kirchenoberhaupt „ das wahre Ausmaß der Verunsicherung nicht wahrgenommen “ .
Weisner wies auch die Äußerungen von Vatikan - Sprecher Federico Lombardi vom Samstag zurück , in denen dieser Kritik als persönliche Attacken gegen den Papst bewertet hatte .
„ Das ist die denkbar schlechteste Kommunikationsstrategie “ .
Schließlich könne man „ auch aus Liebe zur Kirche heraus kritisieren “ , argumentierte Weisner .
Während der Papst zu den Missbrauchsfällen schwieg , forderte Hamburgs Erzbischof Werner Thissen einen offenen Umgang mit dem Skandal .
Thissen sagte in einer Predigt , dass die Kirche gesündigt und das Vertrauen enttäuscht habe .
Dies müsse man aufarbeiten .
„ Denn alles , was unter den Teppich gekehrt wird , das fault , stinkt und verpestet die Atmosphäre .
Das hats ja nun viel zu lange gegeben .
“ In Münster quittierte unterdessen ein Priester aus Schuldgefühlen seinen Dienst .
Wegen eigener „ Vorfälle mit Jugendlichen “ , die längere Zeit zurückliegen , wolle er nicht länger Priester sein .
Der Mann habe sich „ veranlasst durch die aktuelle Diskussion “ erinnert und den Bischof von Münster um die sofortige Entpflichtung von seinem priesterlichen Dienst gebeten , teilte das Bistum mit .
Bischof Felix Genn habe dem Wunsch des Pfarrers entsprochen .
Die Sonderkommission des Bistums für Missbrauchsfälle beschäftigt sich jetzt mit dem Fall .
Der Vorsitzende der Deutschen Bischofskonferenz , Robert Zollitsch , hatte am Freitag bei einer Audienz mit dem Papst über die Missbrauchsfälle gesprochen .
Danach drang lediglich an die Öffentlichkeit , dass Benedikt XVI .
sehr erschüttert sei .
Der Münchner Erzbischof Reinhard Marx versprach den Opfern Gerechtigkeit .
„ Unsere Linie ist : Aufklärung und Aufarbeitung !
Die Täter müssen sich ihrer Verantwortung stellen “ , sagte er der „ Bild am Sonntag “ .
Bundesjustizministerin Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger ( FDP ) regte eine unabhängige Untersuchungskommission an .
Sie sagte der „ Frankfurter Allgemeinen Sonntagszeitung “ mit Blick auf ähnliche Skandale in Irland und den USA , „ dass auch unabhängige Experten - und Untersuchungskommissionen einen wichtigen Beitrag zur Aufarbeitung leisten können “ .
Die Grünen - Vorsitzende Claudia Roth forderte ebenfalls eine solche Kommission .
Die Grünen - Politikerin und Moderatorin des Runden Tisches zu Misshandlungen und Missbrauch in Schulen und Heimen , Antje Vollmer , wertete das von der Regierung anberaumte Treffen am 23 .
April als Ausdruck von Hilflosigkeit ohne parlamentarische Legitimation .
Maiden Test Flight For SpaceShipTwo
by Staff Writers
Los Angeles ( AFP ) March 22 , 2010
Virgin Galactic 's experimental SpaceshipTwo ( SS2 ) , an aircraft designed to one day carry paying customers into space , had its maiden flight in the California desert Monday , company officials announced .
The spacecraft , brainchild of British entrepreneur Richard Branson , took off nestled under the wing of its mothership White Knight Two ( WK2 ) .
" Virgin Galactic announced that its commercial manned spaceship , VSS Enterprise , this morning successfully completed its first ' captive carry ' test flight , taking off at 07:05 am ( PST ) from Mojave Air and Spaceport , California , " the company said in a statement .
The British magnate lauded the innovative design for Virgin Galactic delivered by Scaled Composites , Burt Rutan 's aircraft maker in Mojave .
The design was unveiled December 7 and dubbed Virgin Space Ship ( VSS ) Enterprise .
In the future , WK2 will carry SpaceshipTwo to an altitude of around 50,000 feet ( 16 kilometers ) before dropping the smaller spaceship and allowing it to fire up its rocket motor to launch into space .
Monday 's test flight , which lasted just a few minutes , was the first in which both aircraft went aloft without separating .
The test flight was carried out about 130 kilometers ( 80 miles ) northeast of Los Angeles .
Virgin Galactic aims to become the world 's first commercial company to promote space tourism .
It hopes to start test flights in 2010 - 2011 , with tourists able to shell out 200,000 dollars per person .
If you think the waiting list to fly into space might not exactly be crowded , think again ; Virgin Galactic already has collected 45 million dollars in paid deposits from more than 330 people who have reserved seats aboard the six - person craft .
" This is a momentous day for the Scaled and Virgin Teams , " Rutan glowed .
" The captive carry flight signifies the start of what we believe will be an extremely exciting and successful spaceship flight test program . "
And Branson was not shy about voicing his satisfaction .
" Seeing the finished spaceship in December was a major day for us but watching VSS Enterprise fly for the first time really brings home what beautiful , ground - breaking vehicles Burt and his team have developed for us , " he said .
So " it comes as no surprise that the flight went so well ; the Scaled team is uniquely qualified to bring this important and incredible dream to reality .
Today was another major step along that road and a testament to US engineering and innovation , " Branson added .
Remember that National Security Republicans vs. Rand Paul article from last week ?
The shoes are beginning to drop :
Dick Cheney today announced that he is endorsing Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson over Rand Paul in the GOP Senate primary .
" I'm a lifelong conservative , and I can tell the real thing when I see it .
I have looked at the records of both candidates in the race , and it is clear to me that Trey Grayson is right on the issues that matter — both on fiscal responsibility and on national security , " Cheney said in a statement released this morning .
Cheney 's endorsement centered on national security , which was also the topic of Grayson 's recent advertisement against Paul .
" The challenges posed by radical Islam and Al Qaeda are real and will be an on - going threat to our domestic security for years to come .
We need Senators who truly understand this and who will work to strengthen our commitment to a strong national defense and to whom this is not just a political game , " Cheney said .
Richard Feynman : Making Science Easy
Bill Gates discusses how he and a friend discovered Dr. Richard Feynman ’s Messenger Lecture Series in the 1980s , browsing a university library for something interesting to learn while on vacation .
From that moment on he became a big fan of this lecture series that makes science fun and approachable .
He later bought limited rights to stream the lectures and as a result , we continue to host this brilliant series of seven videos .
We hope you enjoy Feynman ’s ability to speak on the “ Character of Physical Law ” showcasing his unique blend of humor and clarity and that it inspires future generations to learn about science .
Learn more .
The latest offering from Corporate Watch is now available to buy from Freedom Bookshop !
Called ‘ False Dilemmas : A Critical Guide to the Eurozone Crisis ’ , it helpfully explains the false narrative built around debt and austerity in Europe .
It also provides strategies for resistance and explains where the fightback is coming from .
Only £ 6 - find it on the special Corporate Watch shelf or online !
It is also available as a download on their website : http://corporatewatchshop.org/node/50
Corporate Watch receive no direct funding from companies or governments , and rely on donations to keep up their extremely important work , which they also provide for free online .
Consider becoming a Friend of Corporate Watch or making a one off donation via their website !
A reader alerted me this morning to these misleading , inaccurate , propaganda anti-ACORN " editorials " , duplicates of which have been appearing , unbylined , in a bunch of papers under different headlines .
Before I was able to get to them , it looks like Muriel Kane at RAW STORY was able to jump on it .
( Thankfully !
Since I 've been busy with both today 's Green News Report today , and putting together tonight 's Mike Malloy Show ! ) .
Here 's the lede from Kane 's coverage today ...
When you read an editorial in your local newspaper , your natural assumption is that it expresses the views of that paper 's staff and reflects local concerns .
This , however , does not appear to be the case with the many small - town papers owned by Ogden Newspapers , Inc .
On March 31 , an editorial headed " ACORN ca n't distract public from the truth " appeared in the Fairmont Sentinel , published in Fairmont , MN .
It was bylined by Gary Andersen and Lee Smith , the paper 's publisher and editor , and it slammed ACORN as a " front for liberal politicians " that has been involved in " illegal actions . "
That original publication seems legitimate enough .
But over the next few days , the same editorial started popping up elsewhere , with no byline and under a variety of headings .
On April 3 , for example , it appeared in the Minot Daily News of Minot , ND under the heading , " Good riddance to ACORN . "
On April 5 , it was in the Williamsport Sun-Gazette of Williamsport , PA , headed " ACORN victim of its own transgressions . "
These papers have one thing in common .
They are all owned by Ogden Newspapers of Wheeling , WV .
IT is no longer sufficient to be simply “ Customer Centric “ or “ Customer Focused “ , we need to be customer OBSESSED – on time and
on budget has always been a hallmark of our engagement .
Our custom solutions and hybrid services ( onsite , offshore and offsite )
will keep you growing and prospering .
Your needs are our priority and will be addressed .
Chatroulette
If you are one of the few remaining people not to have tried it out , watch this movie or this Daily Show clip and then come back here .
The rest of you know that Chatroulette is a human slot machine where pretty much every other round comes up with some guy abusing himself or demanding that any ladies within range expose themselves .
As a trained observer of human behavior I was professionally obliged to investigate .
Bearing in mind the second sort of modal user , I used the following image :
Selected perfectly SFW results follow .
After that , the constant barrage of dangly bits became tedious , so I do n’t think I ’ll be doing that again .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
McLaren has stopped work on an advanced suspension unit following the FIA 's clarification that any system that regulates a car 's ride height during parc ferme conditions is illegal .
The team 's engineering director Paddy Lowe told a Vodafone McLaren phone - in that McLaren had been late to the table in coming up with a system that some other teams are suspected of having already implemented on their cars this year .
However , he confirmed that no further work would be carried out on the system and that last week 's ruling does not affect the MP4 - 25s raced by world champion Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton .
" We were aware over the last few months of a different approach to it [ the suspension system ] ; an approach which historically we had n't thought to be the typical interpretation [ of the regulations ] , and we were reacting to that , " Lowe said .
" Now that the FIA has taken a fresh view of it and drawn a different line - and one we think is nearer the historical line - we are reacting to that too , so we 've had to change some of the things we 're doing .
" Basically , we had a system we were working on , and we 've now suspended that . "
He denied that any self - levelling suspension system had been used on this year 's McLaren and said that the only changes that will be made to the car for this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix are a number of aerodynamic improvements .
Lowe said that he did not know if any other team had run a ride height control system , which is in breach of article 34.5 of the FIA international sporting code , this year .
" We absolutely do n't know who has been doing what and whether anyone has been racing anything in the nature of ride height control systems , " he added .
" We got the feeling that others were further advanced in development .
I have n't got a clue as to whether anyone else has a system on their cars though . "
In interviews these days , Phish consistently discusses the importance of striking a balance in their lives during this era of their career .
Combining Phish , families , side - projects , and some down time , the band members , thankfully , seem to be prioritizing personal sustainability in round three .
But this is not the way it always worked .
For the first decade plus of their career , Trey , Fish , Mike and Page dedicated their entire beings to the entity of Phish .
Virtually every waking hour was spent pushing , practicing , and refining their skills .
Phish , unquestionably , represented the most important facet of their lives .
Notoriously intense practices and improvisational exercises drove the band ’s single - minded musical communication , as they lived , ate , and breathed Phish 24 hours a day .
And when listening to their sublime musical output during their first massive peak of Summer ’ 93 , one can hear the hours of intense dedication ; one can hear the complete and total focus on the mastery of their music ; one can actually hear their burning desire for excellence .
The summer of 1993 represented a crucial phase in Phish ’s development .
After touring the summer circuit in 1992 as an opening act for Santana , in ’93 the band began headlining larger amphitheatres , themselves .
At the same time , Phish sought to distance themselves from the first wave of “ jambands ” with whom they co-billed a couple of July ’s H.O.R.D.E. tour stops .
At this time , the music industry grouped , and often dismissed , Phish with other neo -hippie acts such as Blues Traveler , Aquarium Rescue Unit , The Spin Doctors , and Widespread Panic .
But combining a youthful exuberance with a dedication and passion rarely seen in modern music , Phish forged ahead , breaking down boundaries of live music .
Ensuring that every night provided a wholly different experience for their fans , the band held themselves to rigorous standards , playing with a life - or - death urgency every time they hit the stage .
All the while , Phish shows grew more adventurous then ever before ; the music began to take on a life of its own .
The intense drive that Phish possessed in this era never wavered , in large part , due to their lack of distractions .
Not yet rock stars on any level , the totality with which the band dedicated themselves to their craft crossed the line of obsession , and simply became part and parcel of who they were as people .
Yet to marry or to start families , Phish – the band – was , without a doubt , the singular , most important entity in any of their lives – and it showed .
Over the previous four years , they played 532 gigs – an average of 133 per year – and going into Summer ’ 93 , Phish carried the momentum of a torrid four - month winter / spring tour that had ended only a month before .
Add that run to the scorching year of 1992 in which they played 121 shows , and the band had a full head of steam .
While their early years fostered the band ’s burgeoning virtuosity , Phish sat on the brink of Summer ’ 93 , primed and ready for their first massive musical peak of their career .
The band displayed drill - bit focus and overwhelming creativity throughout the summer , resulting in nothing less than superlative , transcendent improvisation all season long .
With their roots firmly planted in both the jazz and rock traditions , Phish crafted sublime , original music nightly , launching into vastly different universes with nearly every jam .
One simply did n’t know where the music would travel each time out of the gate ; their improv had zero predictability .
Similar songs got different treatments on different nights , as the band explored completely divergent musical territory .
The meticulous musical conversations that characterized this tour were indicative of the telekinetic connection , and unity of purpose , the band members felt at this stage of their lives .
Jumping into the void multiple times per night and playing with calculated vigor , Phish locked into each others ’ ideas and responded to them subconsciously , playing with a style of wizardry that would dissipate in their later years of groove to the chagrin of many fans .
During this summer , Phish sounded like they were playing for their lives every time they hit the stage , and essentially , that is exactly what they were doing .
On the verge of breaking from of the pack of H.O.R.D.E - style bands , Phish dedicated the entirety of their lives to making Phish the craziest live experience and most enticing music in the scene .
The scintillating surreal adventures that characterized their entire tour , solidified Phish as the preeminent force in improvisational rock .
With fewer jam vehicles in their catalog than later days , each time out , songs grew more unique , moving away from previous incarnations and into uncharted domains .
Open , or type II , jamming became the norm rather than the exception , as Phish explored all corners of the musical cosmos with white - hot intensity .
Also of significance , The Grateful Dead kept on truckin ’ during 1993 , leaving the Phish community protected from the masses with a youthful innocence that would be lost come Fall ’ 95 .
Summer ’93 still held a certain intimacy , like everyone shared a secret from the rest of the world , and secret power of Phish .
Possessing shining skill sets and incredible enthusiasm , while constricted by few other cares in their lives , the band , themselves , raged Phish harder than ever before .
The band never came out flat or careless .
Each time they performed , the show immediately transformed into the most important event in the world , and this relentlessness pushed and pulled their musical exploits into fantastically ludicrous , mind - expanding planes .
The psychedelic unknown became the defining quality of their improvisation ; one took the leap of faith with Phish each time a jam dropped , trusting that whatever mania ensued , the band would , eventually , lead the way home .
Giving oneself to this experience held a different meaning when there was no predictability where the music would go .
While Phish played outstanding shows throughout July , in August 1993 , Phish achieved one of their all - time peaks .
Alongside other career high - points of April ’ 92 , June and November ’ 94 , December ’95 and November / December ’ 97 , and December ’ 99 ; August ’ 93 possessed a separate musical quality all to itself .
Boiling down to hunger , desire , and stretching the possibilities of live music , Phish absolutely annihilated their two - month , bi-coastal jaunt .
Every show during August contains genuinely outlandish moments of improvisation , pieces that one must hear to believe and digest .
Providing a portrait of Phish at one of their highest musical mountaintops , Summer ’ 93 , though seeming like ancient history , lives on 17 years later through memories , recordings , and in the hearts , minds , and souls of the Phish community .
To honor this incredible summer and the exploits within , I have compiled “ Miner ’s Picks : August ’ 93 . ”
Because Phish had less vehicles in their repertoire at the time , I have split up the compilation into two “ sets , ” each with similar songs .
( I left out the LivePhish releases ( Murat , Tinley Park ) for which I only have the official SBDs . )
These selections paint a vivid , six - hour picture of a band centered in the moment , while careening towards the future .
It ’s truly an era that is not to be forgotten .
****
MINER ’S PICKS : AUGUST ’93 < Torrent
MINER ’S PICKS : AUGUST ’93 < Megaupload
Set I :
1,2 . “ 2001 > David Bowie ” 8.17 , Kansas City , KS
3. “ Split Open and Melt ” 8.26 , Portland , OR
4. “ Reba ” 8.16 , St.Louis , MO
5. “ Stash ” 8.21 , Salt Lake City , UT
6. “ Run Like an Antelope ” 8.20 Red Rocks , CO
7. “ Tweezer ” 8.15 Louisville , KY
8 -10 . “ Bathtub Gin > Makisupa > My Mind’s … ” 8.2 , Tampa , FL
11 - 13 . “ Mike ’s > Faht > Weekapaug ” 8.16 , St.Louis , MO
14 . “ Harry Hood ” 8.26 , Portland , OR
15 . “ You Enjoy Myself ” 8.3 , Miami , FL
Set II :
16,17 . “ Buried Alive > Tweezer ” 8.6 , Cincinatti , OH
18 . “ Stash ” 8.15 , Louisville , KY
19,20 . “ Split Open > Glide ” 8.9 , Toronto , ON
21 . “ Reba ” 8.12 , Rochester , MI
22 . “ Runaway Jim ” 8.21 , Salt Lake City , UT
23 . “ Run Like an Antelope ” 8.28 , Berkeley , CA
24 - 26 . “ Mike ’s > Great Gig > Weekapaug ” 8.11 , Grand Rapids , MI
27,28 . “ 2001 > David Bowie ” 8.26 , Portland , OR
29 . “ Slave to the Traffic Light ” 8.20 , Red Rocks , CO
30 . “ You Enjoy Myself ” 8.28 , Berkeley , CA
========
1993 Rift Promotional Video ( Great Footage ! )
=====
Jam of the Day :
“ 2001 > David Bowie ” 8.17.93 II
This selection opened up the second set in Kansas City , and also kicks off the above compilation .
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
=====
DOWNLOAD OF THE DAY :
8.15.93 The Macauley Theatre , Louisville , KY < Torrent
8.15.93 The Macauley Theatre , Louisville , KY < Megaupload
The “ Stash ” and “ Tweezer ” were worth the price of admission alone .
I : Sample in a Jar , All Things Reconsidered , Caravan , Runaway Jim , Fee , Paul and Silas , Stash , Colonel Forbin ’s Ascent > Fly Famous Mockingbird , Chalk Dust Torture
II : Rift , Tweezer , The Lizards , The Landlady , Bouncing Around the Room , Maze , Glide , Sweet Adeline , Ginseng Sullivan , Nellie Kane , Free Bird
E : Harry Hood
Source : Unknown
Proving a Negative ( 1999 )
I know the myth of " you ca n't prove a negative " circulates throughout the nontheist community , and it is good to dispel myths whenever we can .
As it happens , there really is n't such a thing as a " purely " negative statement , because every negative entails a positive , and vice versa .
Thus , " there are no crows in this box " entails " this box contains something other than crows " ( in the sense that even " no things " is something , e.g. a vacuum ) .
" Something " is here a set restricted only by excluding crows , such that for every set S there is a set Not -S , and vice versa , so every negative entails a positive and vice versa .
And to test the negative proposition one merely has to look in the box : since crows being in the box ( p ) entails that we would see crows when we look in the box ( q ) , if we find q false , we know that p is false .
Thus , we have proved a negative .
Of course , we could be mistaken about what we saw , or about what a crow is , or things could have changed after we looked , but within the limits of our knowing anything at all , and given a full understanding of what a proposition means and thus entails , we can easily prove a negative in such a case .
This is not " proof " in the same sense as a mathematical proof , which establishes that something is inherent in the meaning of something else ( and that therefore the conclusion is necessarily true ) , but it is proof in the scientific sense and in the sense used in law courts and in everyday life .
So the example holds because when p entails q , it means that q is included in the very meaning of p .
Whenever you assert p , you are also asserting q ( and perhaps also r and s and t ) .
In other words , q is nothing more than an element of p .
Thus , all else being as we expect , " there are big green Martians in my bathtub " means if you look in your bathtub you will see big green Martians , so not seeing them means the negative of " there are big green Martians in my bathtub . "
Negative statements often make claims that are hard to prove because they make predictions about things we are in practice unable to observe in a finite time .
For instance , " there are no big green Martians " means " there are no big green Martians in this or any universe , " and unlike your bathtub , it is not possible to look in every corner of every universe , thus we cannot completely test this proposition -- we can just look around within the limits of our ability and our desire to expend time and resources on looking , and prove that , where we have looked so far , and within the limits of our knowing anything at all , there are no big green Martians .
In such a case we have proved a negative , just not the negative of the sweeping proposition in question .
The Method of the Best Bet
Logicians note that it is easier to prove that there are such beings than to prove there are n't simply because we only need to find one of them to accomplish our proof , and thus will not have to look everywhere -- unless we are so unlucky that where the one Martian is just happens to be the last place we look .
But in the final analysis , it is not being " negative " that makes a proposition difficult to prove , but the breadth of the assertion .
For instance , " there is gravity on every planet in every universe " could be disproven by searching just one planet and finding no gravity , but if we kept finding gravity we could never decisively prove it true , any more than if we kept failing to find Martians in the universe would we be able to decisively prove that " there are no Martians in the universe . "
Thus , what people call the " you can't prove a negative " axiom is actually nothing more than the eternal problem of induction : since we can't test a proposition in every place and at every time , we can never be absolutely certain that the proposition remains true in all times and places .
We can only infer it .
In computers this sort of proof ( of the positive or negative variety ) results in an infinite loop ( or quasi - infinite loop ) , and clever programmers can give software the tools to recognize such routines before executing them .
Then , instead of executing them , they have them execute a simpler subroutine that equates to a " best guess . "
Not surprisingly , we all do the same thing : since we have neither the ability nor the desire to devote a dangerous proportion of our time and resources to testing every proposition of this kind , we adopt a simpler rule : given insufficient evidence , then no belief .
This is the same thing as " given sufficient evidence , then belief , " since insufficient evidence is the same thing as sufficient evidence for denial .
This amounts to a " best guess " solution , where we recognize that a statement may be true , but have insufficient grounds to believe it .
Or , in the case of propositions for which we have abundant but incomplete proof , we recognize that it may be false , but have insufficient grounds to disbelieve it .
This is the basic principle behind all hypothetical thought , from the theories of science , to the " sun will come up tomorrow " variety of common sense .
Given the set of all propositions of the first kind ( where there is a lack of evidence despite some reasonable measure of checking ) , nearly all of them are false , so it is a safe bet to assume they are all false until proven otherwise .
Conversely , given the set of all propositions of the second kind ( where there is continuous evidence after some reasonable measure of checking ) , nearly all of them are true , so it is a safe bet to assume they are true until proven otherwise .
Unprovable Statements
Consider the negative case .
When it comes time to decide what to believe , if we did not assume such " unprovables " were false , we would either have to choose which unprovables to believe by some totally arbitrary means , which amounts to a ridiculous " belief by whim " method , or else we have to assume that all such statements are true .
Of course , we only have to believe true those unprovables that do not contradict other proven statements or that do not contradict each other , but even in the latter case we have no grounds for choosing which of two contradictory unprovables we will believe , and this is the same " belief by whim " dilemma .
But even with these provisions , this policy would result in a great number of absurd beliefs ( like " there are big green Martians in the universe " ) .
Thus , when finally deciding what to believe , it is clear that the best policy is to assume that all unprovables are false , until such time as they are proved .
In other words , it is reasonable to disbelieve a proposition when there is no evidence .
Even if it is less certainly false than propositions which are actually contradicted by evidence ( although even that does not amount to a complete certainty ) , it is still reasonable to regard them as false so long as we 've done some checking , and do n't ignore new evidence that we come across .
A similar line of reasoning establishes the opposite in all positive cases .
If we did not assume all such unprovables were true , we would either have to choose which unprovables to disbelieve by some totally arbitrary means , which again amounts to a ridiculous " belief by whim " method , or else we have to assume that all such statements are false .
Of course , it would be plainly absurd to believe that all the statements for which we have some evidence are false .
Although " absolute skeptics " actually claim to assume this , they put in place of truth a concept of assent which amounts to the same solution as I have discussed above : betting on the truth of a statement that we have many reasons to believe but can never be certain of .
Thus , when finally deciding what to believe , it is clear that the best policy is to assume that all unprovables for which we have good evidence are true , until such time as they are disproved .
In other words , it is reasonable to believe a proposition when there is good evidence .
Even if it is less certainly true than propositions which are actually irrefutable , such as mathematical truths or " I am thinking , therefore I am , " it is still reasonable to regard them as true so long as we 've done some checking , and do n't ignore new evidence that we come across .
In all cases , we can perhaps move the bar up and down -- changing the amount of " checking " that counts as reasonable and sufficient before resolving to believe -- but this affects all our beliefs , as the bar cannot be set differently for different things without again engaging in " belief by whim " methods , and we will all find that there is such a thing as having the bar too low or too high , as one can find through the same reasoning as I have engaged in here .
The Unbelievability of Christian Theism
Christian
Theism in its most basic sense entails observations that would necessarily be made by everyone everywhere and at all times , and thus it is as easily disproven as the alien in the bathtub .
For instance , God is theoretically omnipresent , and granted us the ability to know him ( to feel his loving presence , etc. ) , yet I have absolutely no sensation of any God or anything that would be entailed by a God , even though by definition he is within me and around me wherever I go .
Likewise , God is theoretically the epitome of compassion , and also all - knowing and all - powerful and beyond all injury , yet I know that what demonstrates someone as compassionate is the alleviation of all suffering known to them and safely within their power to alleviate .
All suffering in the world must be known and safely within the power of God to alleviate , yet it is still there , and since the Christian ' theory ' entails the opposite observation , Christianity is false .
Likewise , God theoretically designed the universe for a moral purpose , but the universe lacks moral features -- animals thrive by survival of the fittest , not survival of the kindest , and the laws of physics are no respecter of persons , they treat the good man and the bad man equally .
Moreover , the universe behaves like a mindless machine , and exhibits no intelligent action of its own accord , and there are no messages or features of a linguistic nature anywhere in its extra- human composition or behavior , such as we would expect if a thinking person had designed it and wanted to communicate with us .
Christians attempt to preserve their proposed theory by moving it into the set of unprovables that lack all evidence .
They do this arbitrarily , and for no other reason than to save the proposed theory , by creating impassable barriers to observation , just as requiring us to look in every corner of every universe creates an impassable barrier for one who is asked to decisively disprove the statement " there are big green Martians . "
For instance , the advanced theory holds that God alleviates suffering in heaven , which we conveniently cannot observe , and he has reasons for waiting and allowing suffering to persist on Earth , reasons which are also suitably unobservable to us , because God chooses not to explain them , just as he chooses , again for an unstated reason that is entirely inscrutable , to remain utterly invisible to all my senses , external and internal , despite being always around and inside me and otherwise capable of speaking to me plainly .
The problem is not , as some theists think , that we can find no explanations to " rationalize " a god in this world of hurt .
I can imagine numerous gods who would be morally justified and even admirable , and others who would be neither evil nor good , and still others who are evil , but none of these would be the Christian god .
The fact is that Christianity is the proposal of a theory , and like all theories , it entails predictions -- but these predictions are not being born out .
So Christians invent excuses to save the theory -- excuses which have absolutely no basis in any evidence or inference , except the sole fact that they rescue the theory .
This is Ptolemy 's epicycles all over again : the motions of the planets and sun refused to fit the theory that they all revolve around the Earth , so Ptolemy invented numerous complex patterns of motion that had no particular reason to happen other than the fact that they rescue the theory of geocentricity .
It is simply far wiser to conclude that instead of this monstrously complex and bizarre architecture of groundless saving suppositions , it makes far more sense , and uses far fewer suppositions , to simply admit that the universe does n't revolve around the Earth after all .
As for all the other theories -- all the other possible gods -- there is no more evidence for them than for this incredibly complex deity with a dozen strange and mysterious reasons that only too conveniently explain why we never observe him or his actions in any clear way .
Of course , even these groundless " solutions " to the Christian ' theory ' do not really save the theory , because , to maintain it , at some point you must abandon belief in God 's omnipotence -- since at every turn , God is forced to do something ( to remain hidden and to wait before alleviating suffering , etc. ) by some unknown feature of reality , and this entails that some feature of reality is more powerful than God .
And this feature cannot merely be God 's moral nature , since if that were his only limitation , there would then be no barrier to his speaking to me or acting immediately to alleviate suffering or designing the universe to have overtly moral or linguistic features , since any truly moral nature would compel , not prevent , such behavior .
Thus , the Christian hypothesis is either incoherent or unprovable , and in the one case it is necessarily false , while in the other it lacks justification , so we have no reason to believe it , any more than we have a reason to believe that there is a big green Martian on some planet in some corner of some universe .
This is what it means to " prove a negative . "
Guy Rots In Jail For Starting Spam Campaign Against Judge
Meet Kevin Trudeau .
Kevin ’s a nice guy – he’s an author , product pitchman and convicted felon – and he ’s currently spending 30 days in jail for encouraging people to send emails to a federal judge .
Turns out that ’s illegal .
You see , Kevin – who ’s also a radio and web personality – really wanted US District Judge Robert Gettleman to take his side in a civil lawsuit .
So he begged people to email the man and cheer for his case .
The judge got annoyed and saw to it that Kevin got charged with contempt as he was putting the court “ under attack ” .
Did you really think spam would get anyone to agree with you , Kev ?
Do you like getting the same email over and over ?
( If you do , let me know .
I ’ll set a filter to forward all Viagra ads to you . )
[ Wired ]
The recent resurgence in gardening , canning , butchering and home - brewing has given rise to another rustic , do - it - yourself pursuit :
Taking a hiatus from one 's real life to go work for a season on an organic farm .
Advertisement
It sounds so rustic and appealing - abandoning the cubicle to go " work the land ; " laboring in the great outdoors where there 's no overbearing boss or tedious water cooler chat to corrode your soul .
Nothing but a season of hearty manual labor and loads of exercise , subsisting on farm fresh fruits and veggies while learning more about eco-friendly farming practices than you ever thought possible .
And you get really , really tan .
It 's a lovely dream ….
but what 's really involved ?
To find out , I asked my friend Susan Guida , who , along with her husband Brendan Perry , own and operate Stone House Farm in Goshen , Virginia where they grow organic vegetables , specializing in salad greens , which they sell at finer restaurants across the region .
Advertisement
" You have to be willing to squat five hours a day , " says Susan .
" Our interns can expect to spend at least half of every day hunched over in the dirt harvesting and weeding . "
Which might not sound so bad … if you 've been attending Body Pump classes at YMCA .
So how else do you know if you have what it takes to survive a season on the farm ?
Susan came up with a few key questions to ask yourself before embarking on such an adventure :
Number one : How do you feel about poop ?
Because you will probably have to shovel it at some point .
" We had one intern who told me he could n't shovel out the chicken coop without a respirator , " she says .
" I looked at him like , a what ?
You 're on a farm - no respirators here . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So first things first , you have to be willing to suspend urban sensibilities .
You wo n't find any respirators , homing devices , Segways , under eye cream or massage tables on the farm .
You might not even have access to a modern toilet at times and have to be willing to make do with an out - house or the woods .
And by the way , chicken poop is a valuable commodity in the country .
It 's key for nourishing and replenishing the soil .
So cleaning out the chicken house is n't busy work - it 's mandatory .
Especially for the interns .
Second important question :
What 's the hardest job you 've ever had ?
" One guy answered ‘ Starbucks , ' which should have been our tip - off , " says Susan , who usually hires two interns per season .
" But we were so desperate , we ended up hiring him anyway .
He turned out to be dead weight . "
Advertisement
Which is not to suggest you have to have worked on a chain gang to survive farming , but potential employees ( seasoned farmers ) are looking to see if applicants have the mental and physical stamina to push through the pain and drudgery of working in 90 degree heat with one 's ass up in the air for hours at a time - which whipping up lattes typically does not engender .
Important question number three : Can you change the oil ?
Stuff always breaks down on the farm and you , not Triple A , have to know how to fix it .
Advertisement
Number four :
Do you like vegetables ?
" I 'll never forget the time I whipped up this huge meal of freshly harvested vegetables - eggplant , tomatoes , cucumbers , beans - for everyone after a hard day of work , and one of the interns told me she hated vegetables .
I was like , ‘ then what are you doing working on a vegetable farm ? ' "
Advertisement
Because there was no passion or interest in the underlying product , that intern lasted , oh , about a week .
And finally , the single most important question to ask yourself : WHY do you want to farm ?
" If an applicant says , ‘ Because it sounds fun , ' or , ‘ Cause my other job sucks , ' we 've learned through trial and error they wo n't last , " she says .
" Farming is too hard to be considered romantic , it 's too tedious to be fun .
But if they say , ‘ Because I want to make a living from it , ' or ‘ because farming is my passion , ' we know they have a shot . "
Advertisement
( By the way , Susan and Brendan 's current interns are a former marine and his equally tough wife who hope to run their own organic farm one day .
They 're working out great . )
To prepare for a season of farming , Susan recommends reading Eliot Coleman ( www.fourseasonfarm.com), and making a point of getting your legs in shape for a season of squatting .
She 's not kidding about the squatting thing .
Think lunges , squats , more lunges , climbing a couple of mountains .
Advertisement
To find out more about seasonal farming opportunities , check out ATTRA , Backdoor Jobs and MOFGA .
This post originally appeared on the blog Rurally Screwed .
Republished with permission .
Wellbag 8
had high hopes for this game , i loved the first bad company .
The first game had it 's flaws sure but it where a different experience from had high hopes for this game , i loved the first bad company .
The first game had it 's flaws sure but it where a different experience from other games in the same genre .
This review is going to be a both a comparison towards the first game and other games in the same genre .
SINGLEPLAYER
The singleplayer part of the game is the disappointing part of the game for sure .
The first bad company game had a special feeling when you sat down to play .
Even though it was a hidden linear experience , BC2 is a more linear experience then the first game and more to compare towards infinity wards Modern Warfare 2 .
The environments are still as large and open world as the first game but there is more directions of exact ways to play through the game .
I prefer the way from the first game since it makes it worth playing again .
Even though i explained the linear part of the game the singleplayer has more flaws .
The story is for me the biggest NoNo with this game .
The story is boring and now 1 week after i finished the game i still can't remember why i did all the things i did during the singleplayer campaign .
The first game had a good script and humor , while this just has a boring story that in the end makes you skip the cutscenes .
MULTIPLAYER DICE is a company famous for great multiplayer in their games and as you may have guessed this is one of the best multiplayer releases this year .
It got the usual ranking system from the first game and now it got more reasons to rank up .
The tactical destruction is a main part of the multiplayer that you 're going to miss when it 's gone .
I can't play games like Modern Warfare 2 since i played my first game of Bad Company 2 .
The destruction is giving the game a whole new tactical view over the battlefield .
If an enemy is hiding in a building just blow a hole in the wall and dispose of him in a safe way .
The unfortunate part of the multiplayer is the fact that sometimes you can get onto servers with 3 - 4 people playing even though there is a lot of soldiers out on the battlefield .
Okay now i'm going to write a small thing about graphics .
This game is using the inhouse developed frostbite engine and gives the game an awesome graphical standpoint .
But there is a few flaws with the frostbite engine form my view .
First one is that if your'e playing on a standard def tv the game is pretty dark on the original settings .
I 've tried out my xbox with 4 different SD Tv's and i need to sit for 3 - 5 minutes trying out different settings to get it okay .
The second flaw is that why is there so much fog on every map ?
If your trying to use a sniper on some multiplayer maps you can't se further then 20 feet and on some you can see the end of the map on the other side … Expand
Elina Helander - Renvall comes from Utsjoki , a place so obscure that even many Finns have little idea where it is .
Utsjoki , or Ochejohka , Uccjuuha , and Uccjokk , depending on which local language you are speaking , is Finland 's northern - most municipality .
Straddling the border with Norway , it shivers , unregarded , deep inside the Arctic circle , a few icy miles from the shores of the Arctic Ocean .
Utsjoki , population 1,034 , is home to Finland 's largest concentration of Sami speakers , the indigenous people once loosely known as Lapps who have eked out an itinerant existence herding reindeer across the frozen wastes of northern Norway , Sweden , Finland and western Russia since the last Ice Age .
Nearly 50 % of Utsjoki 's population are Sami .
In Finnish terms , it 's the closest this eternal minority has got to being the majority .
Born and raised on the margin though she was , Helander - Renvall 's message these days is strictly mainstream .
As accelerating climate change and other man-made environmental degradations create growing alarm across the planet , the Sami people have much to teach the world about how to adapt , survive , and thrive , she says .
" There is a lot to learn from the Sami , they have the traditional ecological knowledge , they really know about nature , " said Helander - Renvall , head of the Arctic Indigenous Peoples Office at the University of Lapland in Rovaniemi .
" They have the most precise knowledge about the weather conditions , about the plants , the diet , the resources .
The Sami people have an ethical relationship with nature ; a respect for nature that also has a spiritual side . "
The Arctic region is uniquely vulnerable to global warming , but if it is to weather the storm , it would do well to adopt Sami methods of land and resource management , communal co-operation and communication , local knowledge and best practice , she said .
In order to keep a reindeer herd out of trouble , for example , a knowledge of different types of snow could be decisive , Helander - Renvall said .
Muohta ( ordinary snow ) or oppas ( untouched snow ) might be safe .
But the presence of sievla ( wet snow ) , skarta ( thin , ice - like snow layers ) or ceavvi ( a hard layer that the reindeer cannot penetrate in search of lichen ) could dictate a life - saving change of route or decision to move camp .
Local knowledge will also be vital to the large - scale industrial development on the fast - expanding oil and gas fields of western Russia 's Yamal peninsula , and for the burdgeoning commercial and tourism industries in the Scandinavian north .
Knowing where it is safe to build , how to site the foundations for a new road , airstrip or pipeline , what terrain to avoid , and how to do so responsibly while protecting biological diversity will all be increasingly important .
" We need to preserve and transfer indigenous knowledge to future generations , " Helander - Renvall said .
Professor Monica Tennberg of the Arctic Research Centre in Rovaniemi said the Sami had shown notable ability to adapt to changing climate conditions .
" We 've seen how the community adapts , for example finding new ways to deal with floods .
We 've seen better co-operation , better municipal leadership , better communications , better early warning systems , " she said .
Adverse effects of climate change on pasture and traditional herding trails had been met with new rotation and migration patterns and also by a tighter communal discipline .
The Arctic as a whole faces enormous challenges .
Broadly speaking the region is warming at double the rate of the rest of the world , said Paula Kankaanpaa , director of the Research Centre , with local " hotspots " that fare even worse .
Symptoms include reduced sea ice ; the opening of blue - water sea passages both east and west in summer , north of Canada and Russia ; increased levels of carbon - carrying organic waste in the Arctic Ocean caused by melting tundra ; coastal erosion due to increased wave activity ; loss of habitat for large mammals such as seals and polar bears and growing disruption of indigenous human communities .
Governments still resist the idea that Arctic indigenous peoples have something unique to contribute .
Canada announced this month that it will convene a foreign ministers ' meeting of the five Arctic Ocean states ( Canada , Russia , the US , Norway and Denmark / Greenland ) in March " to encourage new thinking on responsible development " and " reinforce ongoing collaboration in the region " .
To their dismay , Arctic indigenous people 's organisations , including the Sami , Inuit and Inuvialuit , were not invited .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| ||• Har du eller noen du kjenner blitt lurt av « Bruno » eller en lignende svindel i Norge ?
Ta kontakt med Dagbladets journalist på telefon 412 15 090 eller epost hkl@dagbladet.no .
Seddelmagikeren « Bruno fra Nigeria » forlot Arendal minst en halv million kroner rikere etter å ha svindlet minst fire personer i byen .
Fire personer er på spektakulært vis lurt for 535.000 kroner .
Nå er pengene trolig borte for alltid , skriver Agderposten ( ikke på nett ) .
- Bare fantasien begrenser svindelmetodene folk tar i bruk .
Er man god til å trylle , kan man få til mye - i hvert fall på nachspiel , slår politioverbetjent Jens Martin Reiersølmoen og politibetjent Rune Boye fast overfor avisen .
Arendalittene traff hyggelige og sjarmerende Bruno fra Nigeria på byen .
De fant tonen og tok afrikaneren med seg på nachspiel .
Der startet sjarmøren seddelmagien .
Festdeltakerne åpnet etter hvert lommeboka på vidt gap .
- Nigerianeren la originalseddelen mot et hvitt papir , og gnikket angivelig fram nye sedler .
Jeg kan tenke meg at han har gjort dette flere ganger , og at mange er blitt lurt .
Alt tyder på at nigerianeren var på svindelturné , forteller advokatfullmektig Øyvind Tvedt til Agderposten .
En Arendals - mann gikk i banken og overførte 200.000 kroner til nigerianeren .
Et par serverte Bruno 35.000 kroner etter nachspielopplevelsen .
Felles for alle tre var at de trodde pengene skulle doble seg takket være nigerianerens tusenlapp - gnikking .
Agderposten får opplyst at det trolig er snakk om en profesjonell bande som opererer rundt i Norge .
Seks ikke navngitte nigerianere knyttes ifølge en kilde til den elleville virksomheten .
Reiersølmoen forteller at den samme nigerianeren trolig også har svindlet i hvert fall enda en arendalitt .
Vedkommende gikk i banken og tok ut 300.000 .
Nå er sparepengene som skulle gå til ny bil tapt .
( NTB )
Since we observe a rapid growth of 3D interactive mobile applications market , Smartphone .
Biz -news.com wanted to know more about the technology behind it .
We spoke to Eric Bernard , CEO & Co-Founder of Visoglobe , the company that won the French National Contest for Innovative Companies for bringing innovative real - time solutions to 3D technology for mobile devices .
Recently , they released Visio Ski , an iPhone app that enables to navigate in 3D on the ski trails of 3 Vallées French ski resort .
Smartphone .
Biz-News.com :
Try to convince me I should not go skiing to Courchevel without Visio Ski installed on my iPhone .
Eric Bernard : Our app grants you access to a 3D and completely interactive map of ski trails .
Geolocate yourself , wherever you are !
Identify immediately the trail , the lift or simply the mountains near you .
Eric Bernard
Visio
Ski also makes your first rides in the resort easier by enabling you to bookmark trails or lifts , or even to share your GPS position with your friends .
Once installed , the application contains all the data necessary so you do n’t need to use the network on site and thus avoid data roaming charges ( except if you send your position by email ) and get better battery life .
Given that the data is embedded in the application , we recommend to install the application from a WiFi connection .
How the developing process of this app looked like ?
We have made a partnership with the US company Intermap .
They provide us the data , then we optimize it we combine them with the ski trail , lift , POI information , and we integrate those data with our application for having the full area in 3D with all the information .
The application is running on iPhone , and soon we will start the development for Android .
Those two environments are from our side the most interesting for this kind of application .
Tell as a little about your real - time 3D engine , a core of your technology .
The Visioglobe Technology is a first life experience , which enhances the real world experience by providing the world in 3D on embedded devices with high detailed buildings and landmarks .
The world is enhanced with real time information of the surrounding environment , for example to find friends , events , restaurants , and other useful places of interest .
The background came from the aircraft simulation , and we have decided to port it on mobile phone for addressing the mass market
What is today ’s biggest challenge for 3D real - time visualization for smartphones ?
Have the better 3D chips , to be sure that the rendering is good and fast enough .
It ’s the reason why we have built strong partnership with hardware provider , like Imagination Technologies for the mobile , and NVIDIA Tegra for the automotive .
In the near future , in what kind of mobile devices and applications you think you could use this technology ?
All the mobiles which have a Power VR from Imagination Technologies , and actually Imagination have been shipped in over 100 million consumer products .
So all the smartphones from Samsung , Nokia , Sony , LG , HTC and Motorolas can receive our technology .
How will Google ’s and Nokia ’s navigations change the navigation , and 3D navigation , market ?
Have you already noticed any impact ?
A lot !
But it ’s very good for us , because our market is in B to B and we provide 3D to the navigation and LBA application which did n’t have it .
So for the moment all the mobile phone manufacturers , operators , and even Google could be interested by our application for having a very good 3D engine on mobile phone .
Having well equipped smartphones , do we still need PNDs ?
No , because until recently the PND did n’t have a 3D chips embedded .
And for the future , the PND market does n’t seem as promising as the mobile phone market .
What are you presenting at this year ’s World Mobile Congress ?
We will present our application on the Imagination Technologies booth the Monday 15th of February , and Wednesday 17th of February .
And full time with Navteq for presenting their last enhanced 3D city model at the Pueblo Español just above the Fira de Barcelona .
Today will actually be fun , because it involves criticism of some of my writing around what I find to be the most interesting issue in climate , that of feedback effects .
I have said for a while that greenhouse gas theory is nearly irrelevant to the climate debate , because most scientists believe that the climate sensitivity to CO2 acting along without feedbacks is low enough ( 1.2C per doubling ) to not really be catastrophic .
So the question whether man-made warming will be catastrophic depends on the assumption of strong net positive feedbacks in the climate system .
B Kalafut believes I have the wrong mental model for thinking about feedback in climate , and I want to review his post in depth .
Naming positive feedbacks is easy .
In paleoclimate , consider the effect of albedo changes at the beginning of an ice age or the “ lagging CO2 ” at the end .
In the modern climate , consider water vapor as a greenhouse gas , or albedo changes as ice melts .
In everyday experience , consider convection ’s role in sustaining a fire .
Consider the nucleation of raindrops or snowflakes or bubbles in a pot of boiling water .
At the cellular level , consider the voltage - gated behavior of the sodium channels in a nerve axon or the “ negative damping ” of hair cells in the cochlea .
I am assuming he is refuting my statement that “ it is hard to find systems dominated by strong net positive feedbacks that are stable over long periods of time . ”
I certainly never said individual positive feedbacks do n’t exist , and even mentioned some related to climate , such as ice albedo and increases in water vapor in air .
I am not sure we are getting anywhere here , but his next paragraph is more interesting .
On to the meat of Meyer ’s argument : he seizes on one word ( “ feedback ” ) and runs madly , from metaphor to mental model .
Metaphor : “ like in an ideal amplifier ” .
Model :
The climate experiences linear feedback as in an amplifier–see the math in his linked post or in the Lindzen slides from which he gets the idea .
And then he makes the even worse leap , to claiming that climate models ( GCMs ) “ use ” something called “ feedback fractions ” .
They do not –they take no such parameters as inputs but rather attempt to simulate the effects of the various feedback phenomena directly .
This error alone renders
Meyer ’s take worthless–it ’s as though he enquires about what sort of oats and hay one feeds a Ford Mustang .
Feedback in climate are also nonlinear and time - dependent –consider why the water vapor feedback does n’t continue until the oceans evaporate–so the ideal amplifier model cannot even be “ forced ” to apply .
First , I do n’t remember ever claiming that climate models used a straight feedback - amplification method .
And I am absolutely positive I never said GCM ’s use feedback fractions .
I would not expect them to .
This is a total straw man .
I am using a simple feedback amplification model as an abstraction to represent the net results of the models in a way layman might understand , and backing into an implied fraction f from published warming forecasts and comparing them to the 1.2C non-feedback number .
Much in the same way that scientists use the concept of climate sensitivity to shortcut a lot of messy detail and non-linearity .
I am , however , open to the possibility that mine is a poor mental model , so lets think about it .
Let ’s start with an analogy .
There are very complicated electronic circuits in my stereo amplifier .
Nowadays , when people design those circuits , they have sophisticated modeling programs that can do a time - based simulation of voltage and current at every point in the circuit .
For a simulated input , the program will predict the output , and show it over time , even if it is messy and non-linear .
These models are in some ways like climate models , except that we understand electronic components better so our parametrization is more precise and reliable .
All that being said , it does not change the fact that a simple feedback - gain model for sections of the complex amplifier circuitry is still a useful mental model for the process at some level of abstraction , as long as one understands the shortcomings that come from any such simplification .
The author is essentially challenging the use of Gain = 1 / ( 1 - f ) to represent the operation of the feedbacks here .
So let ’s think about if this is appropriate .
Let ’s begin with thinking about a single feedback , ice albedo .
The theory is that there is some amount of warming from CO2 , call it dT .
This dT will cause more ice to melt than otherwise would have ( or less ice to form in the winter ) .
The ice normally reflects more heat and sunlight back into space than open ocean or bare ground , so when it is reduced , the Earth gets a small incremental heat flux that will result in an increase in temperatures .
We will call this extra increase in temperature f*dT where f is most likely a positive number less than one .
So now our total increase , call it dT ’ is dT+ f* dT .
But this increase of f*dT will in turn cause some more ice to melt .
By the same logic as above , this increase will be f*f*dT .
And so on in an infinite series .
The solution to this series for a constant value of f is dT ’ = dT / ( 1 - f ) … thus the formula above .
So the underlying operation of the feedback is the same : Input –> output –> output modifies input .
There are not somehow different flavors or types of feedback that operate in radically different ways but have the same name ( as in his Mustang joke ) .
The author claims the climate models are building up the affects of the processes like ice albedo from its pieces , ie rather than abstracting in to the gain formula , the models are adding up all the individual pieces , on a grid , over time .
I am sure that is true .
The question is not whether they use the simplified feedback formula , but whether it is a useful abstraction .
I see nothing from my description of the ice albedo process to say it is not .
What happens if there are time delays ?
Well , as long as f is less than 1 , the system will reach steady state at some point and this formula should apply .
What happens if the feedback is non-liner ?
Well , in most natural systems , it is almost certainly non-linear .
In our ice albedo example , f is almost certainly different at different temperatures levels ( for example , a change from - 30C to - 31C has a lot less effect on ice albedo than a change from 0C to 1C .
The factor f is probably also dependent on the amount of ice remaining , since in the limit when all the ice is melted there should be no further effect .
But I would argue that when we pull back and look at the forest instead of the trees , a critical skill for modelers who too often get buried in their minutia while losing the ability to reality - check their results , that the 1 / ( 1 - f ) is still an interesting if imperfect abstraction for the results , particularly since we are looking at tenths of a degree , and its hard for me to believe that it is wildly non-linear over that kind of range .
( By the way , it is not at all unusual for mainstream alarmist scientists to use this same feedback formula as a useful though imperfect abstraction , for example in Gerard H. Roe and Marcia B. Baker , “ Why Is Climate Sensitivity So Unpredictable ? ” , Science 318 ( 2007 ) : 629–632
Not free but summarized here . )
To determine if it is a useful abstraction , I would ask the author what conclusions I draw that fall apart .
I really only made two points with the use of feedback anyway .
I used the discussion to educate people that feedback is the main source of catastrophic warming , so that it should be the main focus of the scientific replication .
We can argue all day about time delays and non-linearity , but if the IPCC says the warming from CO2 alone is going to be 1.2C per doubling and the warming with all feedbacks considered is going to be , say , 4.8C per doubling ( the author says himself that the models all converge at constant CO2 ) , then we can say feedback is amplifying the initial man-made input by 4 , or alternatively , 75 % of the warming is from feedback effects , so these are probably where we need to focus .
I struggle to see how one can argue with this .
I used the simple gain formula to say if feedback were quadrupling temperatures , this implies a feedback factor of 0.75 , and that this number is pretty dang high for a long - term stable system .
Yes , the feedback is non-linear , but I do n’t think this is an unreasonable reality check on the models to see what sorts of average feedbacks are being produced by the parameters .
The author ’s points on non-linearity and time delays are actually more relevant to the discussion in other presentations when I talked about whether the climate models that show high future sensitivities to CO2 are consistent with past history , particularly if warming in the surface temperature record is exaggerated by urban biases .
But even forgetting about these , it is really hard to reconcile sensitivities of , say , four degrees per doubling with history , where we have had about 0.6C ( assuming irrationally that its all man-made ) of warming in about 42 % of a doubling ( the effect , I will add , is non-linear , so one should see more warming in the first half than the second half of a doubling ) .
Let ’s leave out aerosols for today ( those are the great modeler ’s miracle cure that allows every model , even those of widely varying CO2 sensitivities and feedback effects , all exactly back - cast to history ) .
These time delays and non-linearities could help reconcile the two , though my understanding is that the time delay is thought to be on the order of 12 years , which would not reconcile things at all .
I suppose one could assume non-linearity such that the feedback effects accelerate with time past some tipping point , but I will say I have yet to see any convincing physical study that points to this effect .
Well , the weather is lovely outside so I suppose I should get on with it :
Meyer draws heavily from a set of slides from a talk by Richard Lindzen before a noncritical audience .
These slides are full of invective and conspiracy talk , and their scientific content is lousy .
Specifically , Lindzen supposedly estimates effective linear feedbacks for various GCMs and finds some greater than one .
The mathematics presented by Lindzen in his slides does not allow that , and he does n’t provide details of how such things even could be inferred .
An effective linear feedback greater than one implies a runaway process , yet GCMs are always run for finite time , so there can not be divergence to infinity .
Moreover , as far as I know , all of the GCMs are known to converge once CO2 is stabilized .
I draw on Lindzen and Lindzen is wrong about a bunch of stuff and Lindzen uses invective and conspiracy talk so , what ?
Lindzen can answer all of this stuff .
I used one chart from Lindzen , and it was n’t even about feedback ( I will reproduce it below ) .
I did mention that in theory , if the feedback factor is greater than one , in other words , if the first order feedback addition to input is greater than the original input , then the function rapidly runs away to infinity .
Which it does .
I do n’t know what Lindzen has to say about this or what the author is referring to .
My only point is that when folks like Al Gore talk about runaway warming and Earth becoming Venus , they are really implying runaway positive feedback effects with feedback factors greater than one .
Since I really do n’t go anywhere with this and in reality the author is debating Lindzen over an argument or analysis I am not even familiar with , I will leave this alone .
The only thing I will say is that his last sentence seems on point , but his second to last is double talk .
All he is saying is that by only solving a finite number of terms in a a divergent infinite series his calculations do n’t go to infinity .
Duh .
I am open to considering whether I have the correct mental model .
But I reject the notion that it is wrong to try to simplify and abstract the operation of climate models .
I have not modeled the climate , but I have modeled complex financial , economic , and mechanical systems .
And here is what I can tell you from that experience — the more people tell me that they have modeled a system in the most minute parametrization , and that the models in turn are not therefore amenable to any abstraction , the less I trust their models .
These parameters are guesses , because there just is n’t enough understanding of the complex and chaotic climate system to parse out their different values , or to even be clear about cause and effect in certain processes ( like cloud formation ) .
I worry about the hubris of climate modelers , telling me that I am wrong and impossible to try to tease out one value for net feedback for the entire climate , and instead I should be thinking in terms of teasing out hundreds or thousands of parameters related to feedback .
This is what I call knowledge laundering :
These models , whether forecasting tools or global temperature models like Hansen ’s , take poorly understood descriptors of a complex system in the front end and wash them through a computer model to create apparent certainty and precision .
In the financial world , people who fool themselves with their models are called bankrupt ( or bailed out , I guess ) .
In the climate world , they are Oscar and Nobel Prize winners .
This has incorrectly been interpreted as my saying these folks are wrong for trying to model the systems .
Far from it —
I have spend a lot of my life trying to model less complex systems .
I just want to see some humility .
Postscript :
Here is the only chart that I know of in my presentation from Lindzen , and its not even in the video he links to , it is in this longer and more comprehensive video
That seems a reasonable enough challenge to me , particularly given the data in this post and this quote from Judith Currey , certainly not a skeptic :
They do n’t disprove anthropogenic global warming , but we ca n’t airbrush them away .
We need to incorporate them into the overall story .
We had two bumps — in the ’90s and also in the ’30s and ’ 40s — that may have had the same cause .
So we may have exaggerated the trend in the later half of the 20th century by not adequately interpreting these bumps from the ocean oscillations .
I do n’t have all the answers .
I ’m just saying that ’s what it looks like .
Again , as I have said before , man ’s CO2 is almost certainly contributing to a warming trend .
But when we really look at history objectively and tease out measurement problems and cyclical phenomena , we are going to find that this trend is entirely consistent with a zero to negative feedback assumption for the climate as a whole , meaning that man ’s CO2 is driving 1.2C or less of warming per doubling of CO2 concentrations .
Why does Tiger Woods owe us an apology ?
Let 's assume that all the accusations of serial philandering are true .
That no waitress was safe from his charms .
What right do we , the public , have to be upset ?
Woods never presented himself as a pillar of moral virtue .
He marketed himself as a great golfer .
His job was to knock balls into holes — which he did .
He did n't cheat at golf .
Nowhere in America lives a kid who looked up to Tiger because he thought he was faithful to his wife .
Woods was n't some right - wing hypocrite .
He did n't preach .
His church was the Chapel of Sports Excellence .
Apologize ?
What for ?
I 'm not even sure he owes his wife an apology .
According to various reports ( although I fathom not how said accounts were sourced ) , Woods ' wife lost interest in sex after having kids .
If she turned colder , oh well .
Things happen .
Tiger did n't have the right to demand that she put out .
But he had every right — the duty , even , if there was to be any chance of his keeping his family intact from divorce — to have some fun on the side .
If Mrs. Woods wanted it ten times a day , on the other hand , he owes her an apology .
Her .
Not us .
Yet the media is tearing Tiger a new one .
" The fact that he is n't allowing questions and is positioning his friends and handpicked reporters as props [ at his tele - apology ] is the height of arrogance , " publicist Nick Ragone told The New York Post .
" At some point , he 'll be shamed into doing a true mea culpa . "
Another PR flack said : " He did n't think enough of his fans back then [ three months ago , when the scandal broke ] to do the right thing . "
" Mea culpa " ?
What for ?
" Think enough of his fans " ?
How is Tiger 's sex life the business of his fans ?
Although , personally , I was surprised to find out he was straight .
But I digress .
More than 150 years ago , Nathaniel Hawthorne posited that America 's original sin was its Puritan heritage .
Is n't it time we grew up ?
Several years ago a book appeared with a provocative title : Against Love .
Who could be against love , I wondered , and why ?
Not the author , Laura Kipnis .
" Clearly no one can be against love , " she writes .
It turned out that she was actually against monogamy .
Monogamy , Kipnis argued , stifles passion .
" Adultery is basically a referendum on the sustainability of monogamy , which means a referendum on the basic premises of modern coupled life , namely that desire will persist throughout a decades - long relationship , " writes Kipnis .
" If it does n't apparently you 're supposed to either give up sex , or ' work harder ' at it .
Adultery is the collective — if secretive — rebellion against these strictures , but also a backdoor way of experimenting with possibilities for more gratification than what we 're officially allowed , a workshop for wanting " more " that what current social institutions provide . "
So why did she choose that title ?
I do n't know for sure , but I bet the fact that opposing love is less controversial than opposing monogamous relationships had something to do with it .
What 's surprising is that people act so shocked when you speak out against monogamy .
If a make of car failed as often as monogamy does , if it burst into flames half the time you took it out for a ride — that 's the divorce rate — it would be recalled .
Monogamous marriage is so widely recognized as a lemon that it has spawned countless pop culture parodies ( " The Lockhorns " comic strip , the " Married with Children " TV show ) .
People talk about elderly married couples who are still happy and in love in the hushed , reverential tones used while standing in front of the " Mona Lisa " the first time or witnessing a UFO landing in front of the White House .
If a car almost never worked , its manufacturers would be thrown in prison .
Tiger Woods , in other words , is merely the latest of billions of human beings who have been victimized by a crummy , worthless system that has only been around less than one percent of human history , one that everyone hates but is afraid to admit .
He hates it , his wife hates it , most of us hate it .
Yet we all pay it lip service .
Truth be told , the Tiger Woods " scandal " exists mainly in the minds of media gatekeepers .
The topic was discussed in bars and break rooms and cafes , but nary a " what a pig ! " has been heard .
The reason is obvious : most Americans have cheated .
Some have as many lovers as Tiger .
Against logic and reason , the fidelity hoax goes on .
Tiger Woods is n't a sex addict — he's a human being who likes to have sex .
Lots and lots of sex .
Tiger Woods should n't apologize — he should teach classes .
_______
About author Ted Rall is the author of " Ted Rall is the author of " The Anti-American Manifesto . "
His website is tedrall.com
Follow that bee : Ancient right of entry laws could still be in force " You can't touch me , I followed a bee in here . "
It may sound like a Monty Python sketch - but an ancient law allowing people on private land without a warrant if they are following a bee might still apply .
The law , aimed at protecting honey supplies , is one of 1,208 powers of entry in dozens of different Acts of Parliament unearthed by a Tory peer .
Lord Selsdon recently launched a fresh bid to curb wide - ranging powers for officials to enter private homes .
He called for a code of practice to put strict limits on entry powers for all cases except those involving suspected serious crime or terrorism .
Introducing his Powers of Entry Bill in the House of Lords , Lord Selsdon said he had been pursuing the issue for more than 30 years but was not going to let it drop as " it has got into my blood " .
Foreign bees
He told peers the problem was that no one knew exactly how many powers of entry there were .
" Worse than that , the householder has no idea either .
The householder feels more and more insecure .
He fears the knock on the door . "
If you find a bee taking pollen in your garden or on your land , it is , of course , taking raw material from your land
Lord Selsdon
Researchers working for the peer and the home office found there were 1,208 powers of entry , in 295 acts and 286 statutory instruments , which do not have to be debated in Parliament .
They include dozens of recent laws covering everything from anti-terror , environmental and consumer protection and anti-social behaviour .
Older pieces of legislation with powers of entry include the 1950 Distribution of Germany Enemy Property Order and the 1952 Hypnotism Act , according to Lord Selsdon 's research .
But some modern legislation , such as the 1980 Bees Act , is based on laws dating back to Roman and Norman times .
Lord Selsdon said the right of Department for the Environment and Rural Affairs officials to enter private land under the Bees Act was important to allow them to check for potentially dangerous diseases .
But he said it might also still include a Roman law on following bees - something he said he was first alerted to when he took part in a Noah 's Ark project to transport bees to the Falkland Islands .
' Inflexible '
He told peers : " The fun in the Bees Act is that it gives rights that still possibly apply .
" If you find a bee taking pollen in your garden or on your land , it is , of course , taking raw material from your land ... if you follow that bee and keep it in sight , you may go onto any other person 's land , without permission or court order , and when you find its nest you may take a share of the honey because the raw material came from you .
" This probably no longer applies , but it is one of the ingredients in the history of all these powers of entry that may cause concern . "
Under Lord Selsdon 's Bill , entry would have to be authorised by a judge or magistrate and the householder would have to agree to it .
A maximum of four officials would be allowed in , only between 0800 and 1800 on Mondays to Fridays , or between 0800 and 1300 on a Saturday .
Government spokesman Lord Brett said it was too " inflexible " , although ministers recognised there were " difficulties " with the current system that needed to be addressed .
The Bill was given an unopposed second reading in the Lords but without government support is unlikely to become law , but Lord Selsdon told BBC News he was confident a future government would take the necessary action .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It is 7 ' oclock , I was late home from work due to an assignment that i wanted to get ahead on .
By the time I get home I am feeling extremley tired and I can not be bothered to make a proper meal .
I walk to the fridge and open it to see what there is for me to eat .
All of the out of date foodstuffs have been automaticaly thrown away by the fridge , they will be recycled tomorrow as animal feed or something .
I see i have organic local eggs and some local cheese .
Foods are vacc ** sealded for easy …
See More
AP
47 % of teachers considered making a job change Amid this tumultuous environment , nearly half of educators said that they had considered making a job - related change in the last month
When I 'm not tracking down monstrous imagery to share here I 'm usually creating my own strange art seen at aeronalfrey .com I 'm available for commissions , album art and more , contact me at evilenergy at yahoo.com for details .
Limited edition prints of my artwork are available here .
Social - Engineer.org receives a lot of submissions from people who have an interest in social engineering , deception , identity theft , information gathering and the rest of what makes up a true social engineer .
Recently a social - engineer.org fan , Khash , wrote a very interesting paper / story on credential stealing .
We hope you enjoy it as much as we did and please keep sending your submissions in to us .
Background
A number of years ago I was conducting a social engineering exercise for a client in which the goal was to identify possible flaws in the company ’s operational procedures that could allow someone to compromise an employee ’s Enterprise Web Access ( EWA ) credentials , a single user id and password , granting access to several internal systems .
The main objective was to compromise someone ’s existing password which would provide ongoing opportunities to access all sorts of company systems in a stealth mode .
This exercise demonstrates what can be accomplished by an attacker , potentially an insider threat , in a very short period of time through non-technical means , mainly a telephone .
Ultimate Goal
My ultimate goal was to extract information from the company ’s Help Desk staff via basic social engineering tactics to further exploit some of the known issues in the organization ’s Enterprise Web Access ( EWA ) system .
In particular I wanted to exploit the following flaws :
• Changing an EWA password did not require the old password to be entered .
This means , an authenticated user could change the account ’s password to a new one without providing the old one .
So potentially , there was an opportunity to manually change someone ’s password without knowing the original one .
• Once authenticated , the answers to the existing secret questions were presented in clear text .
Once compromised , an account could always get compromised via the original secret questions and answers .
• When the password or secret questions were modified , no email notification was sent to inform the user of such changes , allowing her to revert back and reset her password .
This flaw would allow an attacker to fully own a compromised account by changing the secret questions and preventing the user to recover her compromised account .
These vulnerabilities in the EWA application are serious because an unattended browser session can be easily compromised and its password changed .
Secret questions are just as important as a password in this context because they allow the users to reset their passwords and act as another form of authentication .
Given some of the above application vulnerabilities , particularly the last two , my goal was to determine if I could leverage Help Desk to aid me with any of the following while only supplying limited personal or other identifying information :
• Help me reset a target ’s secret questions & answers
• Help me retrieve the answers to a target ’s existing secret questions
• Simply give me the password over the phone
General Information Gathering Phase
Like any social engineering exercise , a good amount of time was spent in reconnaissance and preparation to learn about the company lingo , telephone numbers for various departments , and basic operational procedure .
The clear goal during this process was to gather as much relevant information as possible .
The Attack Phase
Step I
A focused information gathering stage to identify a potentially good target :
The goal for this phase was to find a legitimate target and some basic identifiable information about him .
Note : A new employee often presents the best opportunity for a social engineer .
A new employee is often timid , not familiar with internal processes , and they always want to impress others and never look bad .
Step 1A : Called Lucy the receptionist in the company Training Department :
“ Hello Lucy , this is Emile Woodson , Executive Product Manager from IT Web Group .
You folks recently facilitated an excellent training for us and I wanted to send an appreciation letter to your ops manager .
Whom do I address it to ? ”
“ Oh that ’s wonderful .
You can send it to Jack Malltaibo . ”
“ Excellent .
I did n’t know Jack still ran that group .
I should also give him a call later today after my meeting .
Can you please remind me his extension and let me know if he ’s going to be around at 5:00 PM or so ? ”
“ Sure , he ’s at extension xxx - 8844 and he gets here early and usually leaves around 4:30 ; so you may want to call him sooner . ”
I did not want to end the conversation right after retrieving the data that I wanted .
So I followed with some casual and generic conversation about their training services before hanging up .
Note : Lucy provided this information because she did not consider it sensitive , particularly because she was providing it to a fellow co-worker , a grateful executive product manager !
Step 1B : Spoofed my Caller ID to show Jack ’s number , xxx - 8844 , and called the Human Resources Department at 5:00 PM .
“ Hi , this is Jack Malltaibo , Sr. Operations Manager with corporate Training Department .
I ’m calling because we ’re putting our annual mandatory compliance training together for all new hires and need to get that list from you .
We require a list of all new hires for the past 6 months .
Please make sure to include the Date of Hire and their EUIDs ( Employee User ID ) .
We have direction from Gina Blackstone , our Chief Compliance Officer to send out the email communication to all the trainees by COB tomorrow .
I appreciate it if you could send that information to my lead analyst as soon as possible ”
“ Sure .
I can email the information within the next hour . ”
“ Actually , it would be great if you could just fax it to her . ”
“ No problem , what ’s her name and fax number ? ”
Note : Urgency and authority were the key elements here .
A standard social engineering tactic was used to generate an organized chaos .
Exploit a human emotion that wants to comply with an “ authoritative figure ” .
Again , she was helping someone within the company and she considered the information insignificant .
I found a potentially good target from the list , Jose Vero , a new hire in the Marketing Department .
Step II
Impersonated the target and called Help Desk :
This part of the exercise started by using a telephone and a caller ID spoofer to contact the Help Desk to initiate a password reset over the phone .
The Help Desk representative answered the phone by asking for my name and my Employee User ID ( EUID ) .
Once I provided target ’s name and EUID , I told him I needed assistance with the EWA system .
I told him I forgot the answers to my secret questions and whether he could provide them to me over the phone .
The answer was “ No , we do n’t have access to that information ” .
Then I asked if he was able to change my secret questions over the phone so that I could reset my own password later .
Again , the answer was “ No , we do n’t have that capability ” .
Then I stated that I did n’t have immediate access to my corporate email to receive my new password reset link , and asked if there was a way to get the new password over the phone .
The support representative mentioned that resetting and giving the temp password over the phone is normal practice .
I found my way in !
Then he told me my First Name , Middle Name , and Last Name and asked if it was correct .
I said “ yes ” .
Then he asked if I worked in building A , cubicle 23PWE .
And I said “ yes ” !
He then asked for the last four digits of my social security number .
Uh oh !
I was n’t ready for this one , so had to come up with something quick .
“ I do n’t feel comfortable providing my social security number over the phone . ”
“ Well , sir , we only need the last 4 digits and that ’s the only way to reset your password over the phone . ”
“ I understand .
Let me think about it .
Maybe I can just try again with my secret questions .
I just do n’t feel comfortable proving any sort of sensitive information over the phone .
Since I ’m new here , I need to run this by my supervisor to make sure it ’s okay .
I ’ll be in touch . ”
Step III
Compromise the last four digits of target ’s SSN :
For this portion of the exercise , I wanted to explore all possible attack vectors that could result in compromising our target ’s last four digits of social security number .
This information could be obtained either by standard social
engineering tactics , or by brute forcing one of several internal applications that do not provide account lockout .
Step 3A : Technical Approach
Employee ID Lookup , an internal web application , provides all employees a self - service solution to look up their employee IDs .
After some examination , it was evident that the application does not implement any sort of lockout for look - ups .
So essentially , any of the fields could be subject to a brute - force attack .
After applying the first name and last name , I could enumerate valid SSN information .
This was a simple brute force attack that would reveal the last four digits of SSN for any employee .
More specifically , I used Burp Suite Intruder which is a great tool for automating customized brute force attacks for this kind of situation .
Figure 1 – The last four digits of SSN can be retrieved by supplying the person ’s first and last name .
If the last 4 digits of SSN are correct , an Employee ID will be retrieved ; if not , an error message will be displayed
Step 3B : Low - tech approach
Called Jose Vero , the victim , from a prepaid phone and spoofed caller ID .
“ Hi Jose .
This is David Lee with Corporate Travel Department .
I have your airline ticket to New Orleans for the Marketing Conference and I need to know if you ’ll be picking it up or should I use the interoffice mail to send it to you ? ”
“ I do n’t think I have any travel plans for New Orleans .
This must be a mistake . ”
“ Well , Jose , someone has put in a request for you and we have your ticket now .
Let me verify your name .
Is your full name Jose Vero ? ”
“ Yes . ”
“ In the Marketing Department ? ”
“ Yes . ”
“ Let me do one more lookup to see who placed this request for you .
What are the last 4 digits of your social ? ”
“ 8895 . ”
“ Thank you Jose . ”
Thank you indeed !
Step IV
Reset the password .
With all information in hand , I called the Help Desk again to reset Jose Vero ’s Enterprise Web Access password .
The representative asked for all required information , including the last four digits of social security number , which I provided and received a temporary password of “ temppwd123 ” .
Using this information , I was able to fully own the account by authenticating and viewing answers to the secret questions .
Elapsed time , 60 minutes .
Game over .
As described earlier , due to an application vulnerability , Jose Vero never received an email notification to know his password was changed .
He simply thought that he forgot his password , which happens all the time .
A few days later , he used the “ flawed ” password reset scheme and secret questions to regain access and continued using the account without any suspicion .
Jose did n’t know that I had been in his account , viewed the answers to his secret questions due to one of the mentioned application vulnerabilities , and that I could always get back in using the same secret questions and answers .
Conclusion
It is human nature to want to trust others , keep others happy and comply with co-workers and other authoritative figures in the organization .
The pertinent take - away from this exercise , and others like it , is that everyone is susceptible to social engineering attacks .
Whether it ’s lack of time or physical fatigue , there are times that we take mental shortcuts and do n’t process everything carefully ; and that ’s when we ’re vulnerable .
The best way to contain or prevent social engineering attacks is to train your workforce .
Train them to practice a certain degree of caution in their daily interactions .
Train them to understand they are not immune to these types of attacks , and show them how to detect and protect themselves from such attacks .
Keep reminding your staff that all information , no matter how trivial and insignificant they believe it to be , may assist a social engineer to get what he came for .
( donated to social - engineer.org by Khash Kiani )
For more information on this very topic check out our podcast on Identity Theft
Bees gather pollen in a rose in Los Angeles , California , in 2009 .
The decline in the US bee population , first observed in 2006 , is continuing , a phenomenon that still baffles researchers and beekeepers .
The decline in the US bee population , first observed in 2006 , is continuing , a phenomenon that still baffles researchers and beekeepers .
Data from the US Department of Agriculture show a 29 percent drop in beehives in 2009 , following a 36 percent decline in 2008 and a 32 percent fall in 2007 .
This affects not only honey production but around 15 billion dollars worth of crops that depend on bees for pollination .
Scientists call the phenomenon " colony collapse disorder " that has led to the disappearance of millions of adult bees and beehives and occurred elsewhere in the world including in Europe .
Researchers have looked at viruses , parasites , insecticides , malnutrition and other environmental factors but have been unable to pinpoint a specific cause for the population decline .
The rough winter in many parts of the United States will likely accentuate the problem , says Jeff Pettis , lead researcher at Department of Agriculture 's Bee Research Laboratory in Beltsville , Maryland .
Winter figures will be published in April .
But preliminary estimates already indicate losses of 30 to 50 percent , said David Mendes , president of the American Beekeeping Federation .
" There are a lot of beekeepers who are in trouble " he said .
" Under normal condition you have 10 percent winter losses .. this year there are 30 , 40 to 50 percent losses . "
He said the phenomenon probably results from a combination of factors but that the increased use of pesticides appears to be a major cause .
" I do n't put my bees in Florida because the last couple of years there has been tremendous increase in pesticide use in the orange crop to fight a disease , " he said .
" It 's a bacterium and the only way to control this disease is to use pesticide ... a few years ago they did not use any pesticide at all . "
He said that pesticide use " has changed dramatically " and has made beekeeping " more challenging . "
Research conducted in 23 US states and Canada and published in the Public Library of Science journal found 121 different pesticides in 887 samples of bees , wax , pollen and other elements of hives , lending credence to the notion of pesticides as a key problem .
Pettis said the finding of pesticide residue is " troubling . "
" It might not be the only factor but it 's a contributing factor , " he said .
The best thing to help bees , he said its " to try to limit habitat destruction , " leaving more natural areas in agriculture and in cities such so honey bees can have " a diverse natural environment . "
Ironically , he said the problem stems from expansion of agriculture to feed the world .
But in destroying bee populations , that can hurt crop production .
" The world population growth is in a sense the reason for pollinators ' decline , " he said .
" Because we need to produce more and more food to feed the world and we grow crops in larger fields .
A growing world means growing more food and to do that we need pollinators .
And the fact that the world is continuing to grow is the driving force behind the habitat destruction . "
( c ) 2010 AFP
Implementing a dropbox service with the Blobstore API ( part 2 )
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , app- engine , blobstore , datastore , filehangar
In part 1 of this series , we demonstrated what 's necessary to build a very basic ' dropbox ' type service for App Engine .
Today , we 're going to enhance that by adding support for ' rich ' upload controls .
Various types of rich upload controls have sprung up in recent years in order to work around the weaknesses of the HTML standard file input element , which only allows selection of one file at a time , and does n't support any form of progress notification .
The most common widgets are written in Flash , but there are a variety of solutions available .
With the ongoing browser adoption of HTML5 , additional options are opening up , too !
Today we 're going to use an excellent component called Plupload .
Plupload consists of a Javascript component with a set of interchangeable backends .
Backends include Flash , HTML5 , Gears , old - fashioned HTML forms , and more .
When you configure Plupload , you can specify which backends you want it to try , in which order , and it will stop when it finds one that works in the user 's browser .
Different backends have different capabilities , and the ones you need will depend on your use - case .
Check out the feature matrix on the Plupload homepage to get an idea of what 's available .
Unfortunately , Plupload currently requires some small modifications to work with the App Engine blobstore .
I 've made a modified version that works on App Engine available here ( .zip download ) .
In future , this will hopefully not be necessary , with improvements to both the Blobstore service and to plupload .
With this modified copy , you can use plupload pretty much exactly as documented on the site .
Plupload supports a variety of features , but today we 're going to focus on getting basic operation , uploading a single file , working .
In future posts , we 'll handle support for uploading multiple files at once , and a more sophisticated UI .
Download and unzip Plupload from the link above , and copy the contents of the ' js ' subdirectory into ' static / plupload ' in your app .
Next , we 'll modify the upload form to use plupload :
< html > < head > < title >
File Hangar : Upload file </ title > < script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.2/jquery.min.js "></script> < script type =" text / javascript " src= " /static/plupload/gears_init.js " ></ script > < script type =" text/ javascript " src= " /static/plupload/plupload.full.min.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( function ( ) { var uploader = new plupload .
Uploader ( { runtimes : ' gears , html5 , flash , html4 ' , browse_button : ' pickfiles ' , container : ' container ' , url : ' { {form_url}} ' , use_query_string : false , multipart : true , flash_swf_url : '/ static/plupload/plupload.flash.swf ' , } ) ; uploader.bind ( ' FilesAdded ' , function ( up , files ) { $ .each ( files , function ( i , file ) { $ ( ' # filelist ' ) .
append ( ' < div id= " ' + file .id + ' " >' + ' File : ' + file.name + ' (' + plupload.formatSize(file.size ) + ')
< b></b>' + '</div >' ) ; } ) ; } ) ; uploader.bind ( ' UploadProgress ' , function ( up , file ) { $ ( ' # ' + file .id + ' b').html(file.percent + '%' ) ; } ) ; uploader.bind (' FileUploaded ' , function ( up , file , response ) { window.location = response.response ; } ) ; uploader . bind ( ' Error ' , function ( up , err ) { alert ( " Upload error : " + err.message ) ; } ) ; uploader.bind (' QueueChanged ' , function ( up ) { uploader.start ( ) ; } ) ; uploader.init( ) ; } ) ; </ script > </ head > < body > < p style = " float : right " >< a href= " {{logout_url}} " > Log Out</a></p> < h1 > Upload a file to App Engine File Hangar </ h1 > < form > < div id =" container " > < div id =" filelist " ></ div > < a id =" pickfiles " href= " # " >[ Upload files ] </ a> </div > </ form > </ body > </html >
First , note that we 're including a couple of new javascript files : gears_init.js , which initializes the gears runtime for us ( if it 's available ) , and plupload itself .
We do n't have to include the extensions - plupload will find them for itself .
Next , take a look at the first part of the embedded Javascript , where we initialize the uploader object using a dict of settings .
Significant amongst these are ' runtimes ' , where we specify a list of runtimes and the order we want it to try them in , 'url ' , which specifies the URL to upload to , ' use_query_string ' , a custom modification to prevent plupload attaching a query string to the URL , and ' multipart ' , which instructs plupload to use multipart encoding for the form .
Next , we bind to several events generated by plupload .
When a file is added , we add some UI elements .
Upload progress notifications cause us to modify those elements to show the percent complete .
When the file finishes uploading , we extract the URL from the body of the response , and send the user 's browser there .
Finally , we automatically start the upload when the queue is modified by adding a file to it .
The HTML changes are fairly straightforward .
We still use a form , but plupload generates most of its contents .
Inside the form , we have a container element and a link to pick files , both of which have IDs that we passed to the plupload constructor .
Now we need to consider the server - side modifications needed to support this .
These are fairly simple , but a little up - front explanation helps :
As you know , the Blobstore API requires that we only send redirects in response to an upload .
Most of the plupload backends respect redirects , automatically fetching the referenced page .
What we want , though , is the URL of the final page , so we can redirect the user 's browser to it .
In order to accomplish this , we do the following :
Modify the file upload handler to return a redirect to / file / {id} / success
Add a handler for / file / {id} / success , which returns the url for / file / id Cause the Javascript to fetch the body of the response ( which is the contents of / file / {id} / success - eg , a URL ) , and redirect the user 's browser to it .
Here it is in practice , with changes again highlighted in bold :
class FileUploadHandler(blobstore_handlers.BlobstoreUploadHandler ) : def post ( self ) : blob_info = self.get_uploads ( ) [ 0 ] if not users.get_current_user ( ) : blob_info.delete( ) self.redirect(users.create_login_url ( " / " ) ) return file_info = FileInfo( blob=blob_info.key ( ) , uploaded_by=users.get_current_user ( ) ) db.put( file_info ) self.redirect( " / file/%d/success " % ( file_info.key ( ) .id ( ) , ) ) class AjaxSuccessHandler( BaseHandler ) : def get ( self , file_id ) : self.response.headers [' Content - Type ' ] = ' text / plain ' self.response.out.write ('%s/file/%s ' % ( self.request.host_url , file_id ) ) # ... application = webapp .
WSGIApplication ( [ ( '/' , FileUploadFormHandler ) , ( ' / upload ' , FileUploadHandler ) , ( ' / file / ( [ 0 - 9 ] + ) ' , FileInfoHandler ) , ( '/ file / ( [0- 9 ] + ) / download ' , FileDownloadHandler ) , ( '/ file / ( [0- 9 ] + ) / success ' , AjaxSuccessHandler ) , ] )
With that done , you should now be able to upload files with ( slightly ) improved interactivity !
Once again , the source is available here .
In the next post , we 'll cover improving the UI and supporting multiple file upload .
Before we go , a brief word about backend support and browsers :
All the backends in the modified Plupload should work with App Engine , though the browserplus one does not follow redirects , and hence cannot return the body of the response _or_ the URL being redirected to .
Silverlight ought to work , but is untested , as I do n't have a Windows machine handy .
With the available backends , every browser ought to support something better than HTML4 , though in my own testing , Chrome on mac failed to display progress , even though it works just fine with several runtimes .
Disqus
Former Alaska Governor and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin speaks during a campaign rally for Senator John McCain at Dobson High School in Mesa , Arizona March 27 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Thursday made clear he was not going to take advice from Republican Sarah Palin when it comes to decisions about the U.S. nuclear arsenal .
Palin , the former vice presidential candidate , has not been shy about criticizing Obama ’s policies and this week weighed in on his revamped nuclear strategy , saying it was like a child in a playground who says ‘ punch me in the face , I ’m not going to retaliate . ’
“ I really have no response to that .
The last I checked , Sarah Palin is not much of an expert on nuclear issues , ” Obama said in an interview with ABC News .
Pressed further on Republican criticism that his strategy restricts the use of nuclear weapons too much , Obama added :
“ What I would say to them is , is that if the secretary of defense and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff are comfortable with it , I ’m probably going to take my advice from them and not from Sarah Palin . ”
Obama unveiled a new policy earlier this week that restricts U.S. use of nuclear weapons and renounces development of new atomic weapons .
Slowly but surely Freeview HD is making its entry into UK homes .
The well - reviewed Humax HD - FOX T2 is living up to its promise of being the very first Freeview HD tuner around , and is now available to buy via the company 's online store or at your local electronics outlet .
Priced at £ 180 ( $ 281 ) , its listing on the Humax Direct Sales site has an amusing " this is NOT a recorder " blinking message to inform people that it lacks the PVR functionality that the forthcoming Toshiba HDR5010 will bring .
If your disposable income stretches a bit further and you want your tuner integrated , Panasonic will happily exchange its 42 - inch TX - P42G20 plasma for £ 1,100 ( $ 1,717 ) .
It 's the successor to the TX - P42G10 and boasts a 600 Hz refresh rate along with a 5,000,000:1 contrast ratio and the prerequisite 1080 p resolution .
There 's nothing we can do about the dearth of Freeview HD programming for the moment , but at least the hardware is finally out there .
Scandinavian logos from the 60s and 70s
Some of these classic Scandinavian logos are pretty striking .
Not a gradient or bevel in sight .
Ask most people about the differences between families who live in “ red ” ( conservative ) states and “ blue ” ( liberal ) states , and you ’ll hear a common refrain : Massachusetts and California are hotbeds of divorce and teen pregnancy , while Nebraska and Texas are havens of virtue and stability .
The reality is quite different .
And the evidence should force all of us – conservative and liberal alike – to think carefully about the policies we set to help American families thrive in the 21st century .
According to a new federal study , women with a college education are much more likely to be married than are women who have never graduated from high school .
And men and women who married after the age of 25 have lower divorce rates than couples who were married at younger ages .
We could have predicted these results .
The US family system , which once differed little by class or region , has become a marker of race , culture , and religion .
A new “ blue ” family paradigm has handsomely rewarded those who invest in women ’s as well as men ’s education and defer childbearing until the couple is better established .
These families , concentrated in urban areas and the coasts , have seen their divorce rates fall back to the level of the 1960s , incomes rise , and nonmarital births remain rare .
With later marriage has also come greater stability and less divorce .
Societal support for high school sweethearts who want to tie the knot at graduation or for shotgun weddings – where the bride is accidentally pregnant – no longer exists .
Difficulties in the “ red ” world , meanwhile , have grown worse .
Traditionalists continue to advocate abstinence until marriage and bans on abortion .
They ’ve said an emphatic “ no ” to the practices that have made the new “ blue ” system workable .
Yet , paradoxically , as sociologist Brad Wilcox reports , evangelical Protestant teens have sex at slightly earlier ages on average than their nonevangelical peers ( respectively , 16.38 years old versus 16.52 years old ) , evangelical Protestant couples are also slightly more likely to divorce than nonevangelical couples , and evangelical mothers are actually more likely to work full time outside the home than their nonevangelical peers .
While the devout who make traditional marriages work have happy stable lives , economic circumstances have made it harder to find matches that support gendered family roles and to get marginal couples through family tensions .
Sociologist Paul Amato concludes that among the marriages least likely to last are those in which women who would prefer homemaking roles end up working outside of the home much more than they expected because of the husband ’s inability to support the family .
These factors reflect class and cultural differences , but all of our research suggests that the great recession is likely to make things worse .
The hallmark of what we have termed the blue family paradigm is training for autonomy .
With a more extended transition to adulthood , better educated youth also need greater flexibility – to navigate their developing sexuality ; to switch jobs , cities , and specialties ; and to renegotiate family and career responsibilities .
In hard times , dual careers provide a cushion , and flexibility about gender and work roles makes it easier to trade off child care and employment .
Hard times , however , also increase calls for a return to more fixed and traditional values .
The fact that traditional families are flailing often persuades them that a return to traditional values is that much more critical .
In today ’s world , however , almost all of the traditional nostrums have proved counterproductive .
Missing from this debate is recognition of the bankruptcy of traditionalist family values as policy for the postindustrial era .
We are entirely sympathetic with those inclined to lock up their daughters from puberty until marriage , but we do recognize that the societies abroad most insistent on policing women ’s virtue are locked into cycles of poverty .
In the United States , states that emphasize abstinence - only education , limit public subsidies of contraception , restrict access to abortion – and , yes , oppose gay marriage – have higher teen birth and divorce rates .
Yet the failure of the family values movement simply produces another round of moral panic and calls for more draconian restrictions .
The most destructive have been those that marginalize the next generation .
The latest studies show that as the economy has gone south , teen and nonmarital births and abortions have all increased .
This indicates that contraception has become less available and pregnant women more desperate about their futures .
Employment figures also demonstrate that male employment has fallen even further than female employment , making youthful weddings that much riskier .
The solution ?
As we outline in great detail in our book “ Red Families v. Blue Families , ” there are three critical steps we can take : ( 1 ) promote access to contraception – within marriage as well as outside it ; ( 2 ) develop a greater ability to combine not only work and family , but family and education ; and ( 3 ) make sure the next generation stays in school , learns the skills to be employed , and cultivates values that can adapt to the future .
Naomi Cahn is the John Theodore Fey Research Professor of Law at George Washington University Law School , and a senior fellow at the Donaldson Adoption Institute .
June Carbone is the Edward A. Smith / Missouri Chair of Law , the Constitution and Society at the University of Missouri at Kansas City .
They are coauthors of “ Red Families v. Blue Families : Legal Polarization and the Creation of Culture . ”
---
Did this essay make you think ?
Join the discussion with fans of The Christian Science Monitor on Twitter and Facebook .
Get Started Reloading Handgun Cartridges By Chuck Hawks
As the title indicates , this article is about how to get started reloading metallic centerfire handgun cartridges .
I 'm going to assume that you already want to reload , and have some idea of the advantages of so doing .
( If not , see my article " Introduction to Reloading . " )
If you have just reached the point where you have decided to begin reloading handgun cartridges , it probably seems a complicated and mysterious process .
However , with only a little practice you will discover that reloading is actually simple and easy to do .
Care and attention to detail are required , but the process has only a few steps and is basically repetitive .
A reloading press is the basic machine used to reload centerfire metallic ( rifle or pistol ) ammunition .
What the press essentially does is to hold the dies that reform , prime , and eventually reload the case and provide the mechanical leverage that allows the operator to accomplish these tasks .
Many of us older shooters started reloading with a Lyman Tong Tool ( a hand held reloading press resembling a large nutcracker ) or a Lee Loader ( a set of reloading dies into which you literally pound the cases with a mallet ) .
You do n't see these makeshift devices very often anymore , although Lee Precision still markets both the Lee Loader and a tong - style tool called the Hand Press .
I strongly advise ignoring these devices in general and the Lee Loader in particular .
Most reloaders use what are called single stage presses .
These are not automated , you have to push or pull a handle to accomplish each task in the reloading process .
Good single stage presses have a long lever with a lot of mechanical advantage for a handle , and are quite easy to operate .
Cheap ones sometimes require a lot of force to resize cases .
A separate powder measure , which dumps a preset amount of powder into each case , is a practical necessity , and a hand priming tool is a great convenience .
Centerfire metallic cases are reloaded in batches and a single operation is performed on all of the cases to be reloaded before moving on to the next step .
If you are reloading 50 cases , for example , the first operation is performed on all 50 before moving on to the second operation .
Performing the same operation on all cases before moving to the next operation saves time and effort .
The first step in reloading a batch of pistol cases is to clean and inspect them .
Look closely at the case mouths , as this is the area most likely to be damaged or show incipient splits .
Also look for a light ring around the head of the case , which indicates potential case head separation .
Discard any cases that are not perfect .
To actually reload straight walled handgun cartridges the following steps must be performed ( not always in exactly the same order ) : resizing , decapping ( removing the spent primer ) and belling the mouth of the case to accept a new bullet , priming , powder charging , and bullet seating and crimping .
With the exception of the priming and powder charging operations , these operations are carried out using a set of three reloading dies , which screw into the top of a single stage press .
To hold the case , a shell holder slides into top of the ram ( the part of the press that elevates the case into the reloading dies when you pull the handle ) .
The shell holder must match the case to be reloaded .
Different cases require different shell holders .
A single stage press does not have a powder hopper , so powder charging is almost always done by means of a separate powder measure , and priming is best done by a hand operated tool , although it can be accomplished on most single stage presses .
( It 's just easier and faster to use a separate priming tool . )
There is also no bullet hopper , bullets are removed from their box one at a time by hand and fed into the cases , then seated using the press and the bullet seating die .
For reloading rifle cartridges , a few accessories are indispensable .
Among these are one or more reloading manuals ( At a minimum I like to have the manual for every brand of bullets to be used . ) .
Another is an accurate powder scale , necessary to set up and check the powder charges being dispensed .
A lube pad and lubricant are necessary so the cases will slip into the steel resizing die ( unless a carbide resizing die is used - - a great convenience ) , as is one or more loading blocks to hold the cases .
While not , strictly speaking , absolutely required for reloading , a solid and dedicated reloading bench is a practical necessity .
Presses can be clamped to breadboards or kitchen tables , but these temporary set -ups are rarely completely satisfactory .
The experienced reloader usually acquires numerous other accessories that make the job easier , faster , or more precise .
Among these are case trimmers , deburring tools , case neck brushes , case gauges , primer flippers , primer pocket brushes , powder tricklers , powder funnels , bullet pullers , dial calipers , and other gadgets .
None of them are absolutely necessary to begin reloading , but most are useful .
My advice is to buy a " starter set " that includes a press and the basic necessities required to begin reloading , and then acquire additional accessories as you need them .
The RCBS Partner Press Reloading Kit and Reloader Special - 5 Starter Kit include a case loading block , case lube kit , primer tray , powder funnel , powder scale , deburring tool , and the latest edition of the Speer Reloading Manual .
The former also includes a light duty RCBS Partner Press and a basic RC - 130 powder scale ( maximum capacity 130 grains ) , and the latter includes a more powerful Special - 5 press and 5 - 0 - 2 scale ( maximum capacity 500 grains ) .
For either you will want to add at least a powder measure and probably a hand priming tool .
Also required will be a set of reloading dies and a shell holder for each caliber you intend to reload .
The deluxe RCBS Rock Chucker Supreme Kit adds a Uniflow powder measure , automatic primer feed , and hex key set .
This kit comes with a heavy duty , case iron Rock Chucker press and a better 5 - 0 - 5 powder scale ( maximum capacity 505 grains ) and includes basically everything you actually need to at least get started reloading except a set of reloading dies and a shell holder .
Since it includes an outstanding press and a powder measure as well as a primer feed , it is actually the best deal of the three RCBS starter sets .
Everything comes with instructions for set - up and use .
If you read them carefully and follow them exactly you will have no problem learning how to reload handgun cartridges .
There are also detailed instructions , including tips to make the process faster and easier , in most reloading manuals .
Today it is rare to find a serious shooter who does not reload .
Many shooters enjoy reloading as a hobby in itself ; to others it is merely a necessary chore that they must finish before the next shoot .
Regardless of the motivation , the cost of factory loaded cartridges is at a level where few handgunners can afford to do much shooting without reloading .
By By Andrew Moran Jan 2 , 2010 in World Former Central Intelligence Agency Ray McGovern stated in an interview with Press TV that the Taliban in Afghanistan pose no significant threat to the United States .
In an interview with Why are the US , NATO and the CIA in Afghanistan ?
McGovern believes that they , and contractors , are there because of the natural gas fields in Turkmenistan and the oil fields that pass through Afghanistan .
He adds that NATO and the CIA are there not for national security or for bringing democracy to Afghanistan but to make sure the oil and gas is delivered from
The former agent made these claims based on documents he obtained from Enron Corporation , which state they would assist to build a pipeline that would bring oil and gas from Turkmenistan to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s , the United States developed the Taliban in Afghanistan to counter the Soviet Union under a program called “ Operation Cyclone , ” which has been one of the most exhaustive and expensive initiatives by the CIA .
Decades later , the United States invades Afghanistan because of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks and to take out the Taliban .
In an interview with Press TV , former CIA agent Ray McGovern said that the Taliban poses no significant threat to the US .
McGovern further added that the CIA operatives that were killed in Wednesday ’s attacks , which killed seven of them , should not have been there in the first place .
Why are the US , NATO and the CIA in Afghanistan ?
McGovern believes that they , and contractors , are there because of the natural gas fields in Turkmenistan and the oil fields that pass through Afghanistan .
He adds that NATO and the CIA are there not for national security or for bringing democracy to Afghanistan but to make sure the oil and gas is delivered from Turkmenistan
The former agent made these claims based on documents he obtained from Enron Corporation , which state they would assist to build a pipeline that would bring oil and gas from Turkmenistan to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
More about United States , Taliban , Cia agent ray mcgovern
More news from united states taliban cia agent ray mcgove ...
WASHINGTON / GATINEAU , Quebec ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday he wanted tougher U.N. sanctions in weeks against Iran over its nuclear program , and the world ’s leading industrial nations expressed optimism that China will agree on possible next steps .
Obama and French President Nicolas Sarkozy presented a united front on Iran at a joint White House news conference , saying they felt it was time to move ahead with tougher sanctions that their governments have been negotiating with China , Russia , Germany and Britain .
“ My hope is that we are going to get this done this spring , ” Obama said .
“ I ’m interested in seeing that regime in place in weeks . ”
In Gatineau , foreign ministers from the Group of Eight nations urged the international community to take “ appropriate and strong steps ” to show its resolve over the nuclear program .
They left the door open to diplomatic dialogue .
Western powers have wrestled for months over whether to impose a fourth round of sanctions on Iran , even as evidence has mounted raising doubts about whether Tehran is telling the truth when it says its nuclear program is only to produce peaceful atomic energy .
Particularly damning was a report in February from the U.N. nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , that said Iran may be working to develop a nuclear - armed missile .
China , reluctant for months , is believed by diplomats to be slowly falling in line behind the idea of imposing new sanctions .
Beijing ’s support is critical given that it has the power to veto any new sanctions resolution from the U.N. Security Council .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
‘ DEMONSTRATE FLEXIBILITY ’
In Beijing on Tuesday , a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said his government opposed Iran acquiring nuclear weapons but stopped short of backing new sanctions .
“ At present , we hope that all sides will make substantive efforts and demonstrate flexibility over the Iran nuclear issue , ” he said .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , saying sanctions were a part of diplomacy , said Iran had repeatedly shown an unwillingness to fulfill its international obligations over the last 15 months .
“ That ’s the basis on which I express my optimism that we ’re going to have a consensus reached in the Security Council , ” she told a news conference after the meeting in Gatineau , Quebec , just outside Ottawa , ended .
Obama , however , injected a note of caution , saying that many countries believed their commercial interests with Iran are more important than long - term geopolitical interests .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
“ Now , do we have unanimity in the international community ?
Not yet .
And that ’s something that we have to work on , ” he said .
‘ DOOR REMAINS OPEN ’
In their final communique , the G8 ministers said they wanted Iran to comply with demands from the Security Council and cooperate with the International Atomic Energy Agency .
“ Ministers agreed to remain open to dialogue and also reaffirmed the need to take appropriate and strong steps to demonstrate international resolve to uphold the international nuclear nonproliferation regime , ” the communique said .
In Washington , Sarkozy said “ the time has come to take decisions ” on Iran and that with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , “ we will make all necessary efforts to make sure that Europe as a whole engages in the sanctions regime . ”
Obama said the long - term consequences of a nuclear - armed Iran are unacceptable and that Tehran had so far rejected diplomatic entreaties .
“ The door remains open if the Iranians choose to walk through it , ” he said .
The latest U.S. - drafted sanctions proposal would expand a U.N. blacklist to include members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and firms controlled by it .
Anti-nuclear protesters who were beaten by police , capsicum sprayed and locked in a shipping container have been awarded more than $ 700,000 in damages from the South Australian government .
In a judgment in the South Australian Supreme Court today , Justice Timothy Anderson found the treatment of the 10 people , during a demonstration at the Beverley Uranium mine almost 10 years ago , was degrading , humiliating and frightening .
The judge also criticised two state government ministers for their comments about the protesters , including Deputy Premier Kevin Foley who called them a bunch of " ferals " who put the safety of police in jeopardy .
The group , including a girl aged 11 at the time , had sued over their treatment during the May 2000 anti-nuclear demonstration , which involved about 100 protesters , claiming they were assaulted , subjected to mental injury , deprived of food and water and humiliated .
In 2002 , a Police Complaints Authority ( PCA ) report found one police officer had used excessive force in striking a protester with a baton while another used capsicum spray on a protester who was already injured and posed no threat .
The inventor of the wine cask , South Australian Riverland grape grower Thomas Angove , has died in Renmark , aged 92 .
Mr Angove revolutionised wine packaging in the 1960s when he created the resealable plastic bag in a cardboard box .
His son , managing director of Angove Wines John Angove , says his father was a great contributor to the wine industry .
" I remember dad coming home with this sort of prototype of a plastic bag inside a cardboard box and I remember thinking to myself and I probably said it to dad ' That 's crazy , nobody will buy wine in a plastic bag stuck inside a cardboard box ' , but in his usual manner he persisted , " he said .
" He thought he was onto a good thing and history certainly indicates that he was .
" His commitment and involvement in industry matters and industry bodies and the welfare of the industry overall , as opposed to just Angove family winemakers , was very significant and I think reflects his very broad vision of what the world and life was all about . "
When decorating or remodeling your kitchen , it can be simple to overlook the importance of kitchen lighting .
If you are spending a considerable amount of money replacing your kitchen cabinets , flooring , and appliances , why would you want to stick with the same old florescent lighting that your house came with ?
Take a look at some of the most popular design ideas today !
source
If you want your kitchen to have a warm and inviting feel , look for pendant style kitchen light fixtures .
One of the primary advantages to choosing pendant light fixtures is that they can easily be scaled to suit the size of your kitchen .
Pendant lights are available in a wide variety of different colors and styles .
Pendant lights usually require incandescent bulbs , which do generate more heat than other types of bulbs .
source
Track lighting is ideal for those who want to be able to highlight a particular aesthetic element of their space .
These kitchen lighting fixtures feature lights that can be adjusted to shine on different parts of the kitchen as needed .
The lights could be positioned to highlight a piece of art hanging on your wall or new appliances that you are proud of .
Not all track lighting is designed to be seen , however .
For example , directional track lighting can be installed under cabinetry to highlight a beautiful backsplash .
Ceiling kitchen light fixtures can run the gamut from traditional fluorescent track lighting to elegant wrought iron chandeliers .
There will be no shortage of options for you to choose from .
A chandelier can be hung in your kitchen to serve as a statement piece , or ceiling mount kitchen light fixtures can be used to make a more subtle design statement .
Alternately , for contemporary kitchens , recessed lighting offers the ideal blend of clean lines and functionality .
AUSTIN —
This is what can happen when you ignore experts , do n't fully know your history , and are responsible for approving textbooks for Texas schoolchildren , according to critics worried about the State Board of Education :
You might delete someone recognized by Ladies ' Home Journal as one of the 100 Most Important Women of the 20th Century — citing her membership in a socialist organization .
You could ban a popular children 's author from textbooks because his name is the same as a professor who wrote favorably about Marxism .
You might even vote to teach youngsters that U.S. Sen .
Joseph McCarthy 's 1950s crusade to smear suspected Communists was vindicated by later research on Soviet spying .
The State Board of Education will meet again this week before taking final action in May on new social studies curriculum standards that will influence history and government textbooks for 4.7 million public school students .
In January , board members ignored the recommendation of experts it appointed to help draft the new social studies standards when it rejected Dolores Huerta as required reading for third - graders .
Huerta co-founded the United Farm Workers of America with César Chávez and is a former regent for the University of California System .
Seven schools are named after her , including Dolores Huerta Elementary School in Fort Worth .
Geraldine “ Tincy ” Miller , R - Dallas , encouraged colleagues to yank Huerta because “ she was a prominent member of the Democratic Socialists of America Party ” and , therefore , did not “ exemplify good citizenship ” like Helen Keller .
Helen Keller joined a socialist party in 1909 and advocated for socialism the rest of her life .
Without discussion , the board voted 7 - 4 to remove Huerta .
“ This goes to the fundamental issue .
The board is not made up of educators , let alone historians , ” said Julio Noboa , a history professor at the University of Texas at El Paso , who was one of the board 's socials studies experts offering recommendations .
“ It really makes them look stupid . ”
Miller spokeswoman Alexis DeLee said the veteran Dallas board member “ thought the story of a child ( Keller ) who overcame tremendous hardship through the help of her teacher would resonate with small children , especially children with disabilities . ”
“ She was not referring to ( Keller 's ) political views as an adult , ” DeLee said .
“ She did not know she grew up to become a socialist . ”
DeLee noted Huerta remains in the high school history curriculum .
Huerta is now president of the non-profit Dolores Huerta Foundation , which works on issues important to low - income communities .
“ I do n't know what this silliness is all about , ” Huerta said of the board 's action .
“ Probably the real reason is not because I 'm a member of the Socialist Democrats of America organization but the fact that I am a registered and voting Democrat .
And I 've also been an advocate for farmworkers . ”
She said her work is what 's important — not herself .
The board tentatively decided to add W.E.B. DuBois , who co-founded the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , to the reading list for elementary school students .
“ I was just stunned that I never knew who this man was .
He is a true , great American , ” board member Don McLeroy , R - Bryan , told his colleagues .
DuBois spent his final years in Ghana , having broken with the NAACP .
He joined the Communist Party and pronounced capitalism “ doomed to self - destruction . ”
Some of the board 's votes were embarrassing , McLeroy acknowledged .
But , he said , the process can catch mistakes before final action in May .
“ Those things will be corrected , ” McLeroy said , adding he believes Huerta belongs in the curriculum — along with DuBois , whose communist beliefs did not undermine his status as “ an influential leader in helping establish civil rights . ”
McLeroy also influenced the board to change a section on McCarthyism so students learn “ the Venona Papers confirmed suspicions of communist infiltration in U.S. government . ”
In a memo to curriculum writers last fall , McLeroy said McCarthy “ was basically vindicated ” by the archival documentation .
McCarthy was right about some of the bigger issues , but “ virtually none of the people that McCarthy claimed or alleged were Soviet agents turn up ” in the new research , Venona scholar and Emory University history professor Harvey Klehr has said .
“ The new information from Russian and American archives does not vindicate McCarthy .
He remains a demagogue , ” Klehr has said .
Some of the 100 - plus board appointees say the process is frustrating .
Judy Brodigan , immediate past president of the Texas Council for the Social Studies , said she pushed to have Revolutionary War hero Nathan Hale removed from the first - grade curriculum as inappropriate for that age .
“ How do you talk about someone who is hung for being a patriot to a 6 - year - old ?
They can't write , so they draw pictures of a man hanging from a noose , ” she said .
The experts moved Hale to the fifth grade , but state board members returned him to first grade .
Pat Hardy , R - Fort Worth , encouraged the board to pull Bill Martin Jr. out of the standards .
The board apparently confused the author of “ Brown Bear , Brown Bear What Do You See ? ” with a different Bill Martin who wrote about “ Ethical Marxism . ”
It 's a process that relies only sporadically on expertise , said Keith Erekson , director of the University of Texas at El Paso Center for History Teaching & Learning .
“ Experienced review committees , invited experts and the public provide their feedback early in the process before the State Board of Education closes the door in order to do what they want to do , ” Erekson said .
“ That would be like hiring top - rate engineers to design a car only to rush it off the assembly line without inspecting the final accelerator pedal . ”
Toward the end of my stay in Nigeria as a correspondent for The Economist in 2007 and 2008 , I asked my driver , an older Muslim man named Bello who was perhaps my most trusted friend there , who he blamed for Nigeria ’s corruption woes .
“ Our religious leaders , ” he told me .
“ If they told our politicians to stop , they would . ”
There are no two ways about it : religion and politics in Nigeria do mix .
The country ’s troubles are visible and pronounced — poverty lurks on every street corner ; beggars crawl through the streets in Kano , where a lingering polio epidemic has left them crippled ; natural resources line some people ’s pockets and other people ’s soil with the thick sheen of oil .
So sometimes out of faith , sometimes out of desperation , and sometimes merely for survival , Nigerians have taken political problems to the mosques and churches .
In the predominantly Muslim North , shari ’a law has been in place for a decade , implemented by a region so tired of lawlessness that Qur’anic law seemed an enlightened answer .
In the poor slums of Lagos , churches provide the services that the state would not — could not —ever provide .
Politicians have been quick to follow their constituents ’ retreat to religion .
They are conspicuously present at churches and mosques , allied with specific pastors and imams .
They raise constituencies among their religious peers , and pour patronage on their fellow faithful .
Of course , some of this is quite typical — US presidents have always been candidly religious and often popular among those who share the same faith .
But in Nigeria , it does go deeper , and this is what Bello had meant : Politicians support the religious institutions financially , rendering religious leaders incapable of criticizing them — especially when they have grown corrupt .
( After all , who bites the hand that feeds them ? )
Political problems take on religious dimensions ; manipulated by politics , poverty among the faithful of one religion can be blamed on the depravity and greed of another .
The unwritten ruling - party agreement that promises a rotating presidency — eight years for the Muslim North , then eight years for the Christian South — only legitimizes the country ’s religious schism .
The divide between faiths can absorb political tension for a while , but more and more often , it boils over , as it did with the massacres in Jos that began in January and continued in March of this year .
Early in the pre-dawn March morning , long before the sun rose and even before the morning prayers began to blare from the local minarets , men with machetes , clubs , and guns stormed villages outside of Jos , slaughtering hundreds .
This time around , many of the victims were Christians and the perpetrators Muslims of the Fulani ethnic group .
But it has often been the other way around .
No matter who is wielding the stick and who stands helpless at the door to their death , the horror is the same : unthinkable and incomprehensible to the outside world , and indeed , to many on the ground as well .
It ’s not unthinkable , however .
And that is the harder part to hear .
Understanding why means taking a look at just how dreadful the political troubles that plague everyday life in Northern Nigeria are today — which is precisely why this retreat to politicized religion has happened .
Walking down the streets in the cities Jos and Bauchi and then venturing into the rural villages , dust and mud are the overwhelming hues .
The land is difficult , not just because of the droughts slowly creeping their way further and further south from the Sahara , not just because the crops are subsistence and could rarely make it to the market without spoiling , and not just because there is income inequality — poverty — among all but the very top few .
The land is difficult because it is worse than lawless ; it is selectively lawed .
A poor man can be swept off his feet to jail where he will wither away without lawyer or trial or light of day .
A rich man can buy his freedom , though he ’d likely never be arrested in the first place .
He can shame the ( usually poor ) policemen into admitting that their guns have no bullets and their threats have no depth compared with his pockets .
When a poor man steals bread , he is taken to the run- down concrete police station , stripped of his clothes , and marched through the street in shame for his guilt .
( For any man — but particularly a young , Muslim man — there is no greater defeat . )
When a rich man skims off the top of his enormous business deal , however , he buys a new house .
So too do the resources unevenly flow .
Nigeria is a wealthy state ; objectively , there should be no reason for the largest oil producer in Africa to be receiving any sort of development aid .
In fact , however , to the vast majority of Nigerians , the government does n’t exist .
Health care , education , and infrastructure are effectively “ privatized ” — a nice euphemism for the fact that they do n’t exist .
In short , in Nigeria , you are on your own .
For years , this has bred the sort of suffering that makes people not just uncomfortable , but desperate .
Grasping at anything that brings order to an otherwise uncertain life , there has been no more logical receptor than religion , literally the saving grace of many in the country ’s arid North .
Churches and mosques will provide more services and support than the government could ever hope to do .
Schools , particularly Qur’anic ones , which meet everywhere from elaborate mosques to dirt backyards with rough canvas roofs , are leaps and bounds above their state peers , though this still is not saying much .
People have retreated into the churches and mosques , seeking order , comfort , and support in a world without any of the three .
Of course , this is far from the only reason that Nigerians are religious .
The religious depth of the country dates back far longer than recent times .
Northern Nigeria has been largely Muslim since Usman don Fodio led a jihadist crusade there in the late 18th century , establishing the regional Sokoto Caliphate meant to govern the region , an office that still exists ( if more symbolically ) today .
Likewise , Christian missionaries are as old in Nigeria as the British colonial experiment .
The two religions were , for many decades , separated by an artificial line drawn by the colonial power that cut off the supposedly Muslim North from the supposedly Christian South .
Such artificial lines have a way of becoming true if they are kept long enough , and that ’s exactly what happened .
Religions were taken on as identities in both separated regions , and suspicion of the other side grew , not least because the British built the army and the state largely with Northerners .
The Church and the Mosque became obvious sites of strength when the state was in retreat .
Never was this more obvious than in 2000 , when many of the states in Nigeria ’s north began to implement shari ’a law , a move that most hoped would bring order to the courts and a measure of security to the streets .
Qur’anic judges promised a set of rules that were drawn from principle , rather than the corruption that often ruled local civic courts .
Shari’a was supposed to protect the poor , and expectations were high .
Those who worried about religious radicalization should have been reassured ; in fact , what was sought more than anything was the legal moderation that the Nigerian state could not itself provide .
In short , shari ’a law was supposed to help .
But in the ten years since the laws were implemented , they have become not a means to defend the poor but a tool to persecute the non-elite .
A good friend of mine from the North had been imprisoned countless times for a set of plays that he wrote about how shari ’a had become a weapon against the poor and a means to entrench the ruling class .
He was a profoundly religious Muslim man , and usually his critics were nominally of the same faith too .
Some responded to the failed shari ’a experiment in the opposite way that my playwright friend did .
Groups like the Boko Haram , the now infamous Islamist sect that called for a fully Islamic state and turned violent in late 2009 , sunk deeper into their ideologies .
Perhaps shari ’a had not gone far enough ; that ’s why things had not gotten better , they reasoned .
Perhaps a full implementation of shari ’a would mean the end of the corruption that was filtering into religious institutions .
Of course , they took it too far .
But many of their sympathizers were not ideologues , just plain tired of the status quo .
As Islam has struggled with its own internal corruption backlash , Christian missionaries have begun to push further North , aggressively entering Muslim communities .
There have always been Christians in the North , and Muslims in the South , but in Jos and surrounding areas — positioned right in the middle of the invisible North - South line — the mix has become more polarized by competing faiths .
And then finally , there has been the earth , which has itself exacerbated the growing rift that explodes occasionally in bursts of violence .
Jos has been the site of much migration in recent years , with many more permanent communities setting up in a region that used to host the semi-nomadic Fulani cow herders .
Up to a point , those two communities could live with one another — until things like water , land , and food got scarce .
That point has now been passed .
There is no real land ownership system in rural Nigeria aside from customary law , so the only way to defend your turf is to do exactly that .
Thus comes the religious violence , bred from an awful situation and making the situation so much worse .
Once the first attacks took place , the region began down an almost unstoppable path toward retribution after retribution .
When you have nothing to lose anymore , you can only gain by taking away from others what you have lost .
Which is where things stand now .
I saw all this with my own eyes in Jos and throughout the North , and frankly , the rest of Nigeria , from the man-packed sidewalks and overpasses of Lagos to the oil - laden creeks of the Niger Delta .
There was a profound suffering that overshadowed every aspect of life .
There was a profound understanding among everyone I met that , as someone told me before I embarked for Nigeria , anything can happen , and anything could happen .
It was a kind of crippling insecurity that rendered life incredibly unjust .
But I learned much about the ambiguity of these things , as much as I sought to explain them and see through the unthinkable .
Because in this country where anything can happen , there is surely as much good as bad .
There is kindness , generosity , long conversations over tea and charity even among those who have nothing .
There is a beautiful solitude to the arid north , interrupted by motorcycle taxis and loud , overstuffed trucks .
There is much worth giving thanks for .
And that ’s what makes it so hard .
When you pray to your God in Nigeria , you have much to appreciate and much to ask .
Rudy Heeman , talented mechanic from New Zealand , has built and designed a flying hovercraft that becomes airborne once it reaches 70 km an hour .
The hovercraft can reach top speeds of over 100 km / hr , has a range of over 225 km and cruises at 90 km / hr when flying .
Also check out : Flying Car with Retractable Wings
The UK is to expel an Israeli diplomat over the use of 12 forged British passports linked to the murder of Hamas leader Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai , Foreign Secretary David Miliband has confirmed .
On 23 March 2010 , Mr Miliband told the Commons that there were " compelling reasons " to believe Israel was responsible for the passport " misuse " .
He said : " The government takes this matter extremely seriously .
Such misuse of British passports is intolerable . "
Israel says there is no proof it was behind the killing in Dubai in January .
But Mr Milband said it was " highly likely " the Israeli secret service Mossad was involved and the fact that Israel was a close ally added " insult to injury " .
He added : " Such misuse of British passports is intolerable .
It presents a hazard for the safety of British nationals in the region .
" It also represents a profound disregard for the sovereignty of the United Kingdom . "
Shadow foreign secretary William Hague supported the government 's actions .
" We cannot permit the cloning of , interference with , or misuse of British passports by another state , " he said .
Liberal Democrat spokesman Ed Davey also supported the government 's measures and said it was " intolerable " that a close ally should treat Britain in this way .
He told Mr Miliband : " It is difficult to get the correct balance when dealing with a state like Israel which is a close friend of this country but I believe you have judged it well . "
Hampson won the first trick with dummy ’s diamond queen and called for a low club .
East made the expert play of winning with his king so that he could return a diamond .
( This would have been necessary to defeat the contract if declarer had had the ace - jack - third of diamonds and the queen - jack of clubs . )
South took his ace and cashed three heart tricks to give this position ( see Diagram 1 ) :
On dummy ’s last heart , declarer discarded a spade .
What should West have thrown ?
At the table , West pitched a spade .
Now , though , South played another club and won the race .
West took the trick and led a diamond ; declarer won and played a club ;
West won and cashed a diamond ;
South took the last two tricks with his spade ace and club ten .
Minus 120 and plus 600 gave the Diamond team 10 international match points on the board .
The result would have been 6 imps the other way if West had discarded a diamond on the last heart .
Then , when declarer played a club , West could have won and shifted to the spade king .
The defenders would have taken two spades and three clubs .
JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit Customizations
Posted in : javascript infovis toolkit
Stacked Bar Charts
// Here we implement custom node rendering types for the ST ST .
Plot .
NodeTypes .
implement ( { ' stacked ' : function ( node , canvas ) { var pos = node .
pos .
getc ( true ) , nconfig = this .
node , data = node .
data ; var cond = nconfig .
overridable && data ; var width = cond && data .
$ width || nconfig .
width ; var height = cond && data .
$ height || nconfig .
height ; var algnPos = this .
getAlignedPos ( pos , width , height ) ; var valueArray = data .
valueArray ; var ctx = canvas . getCtx ( ) ; ctx . save ( ) ; if ( valueArray ) { for ( var i = 0 , l = valueArray .
length , acum = 0 ; i & lt ; l ; i ++ ) { var rgb = valueArray [ i ]. color .
hexToRgb ( true ) ; var rgbdark = rgb . map ( function ( e ) { return ( e * . 3 ) >>
0 ; } ) ; var lgradient = ctx .
createLinearGradient ( algnPos . x , algnPos .
y + acum , algnPos . x + width - 1 , algnPos . y + acum + ( valueArray [ i ]. hvalue || 0 ) ) ; lgradient .
addColorStop ( 0 , rgb . rgbToHex ( ) ) ; lgradient .
addColorStop ( 0.5 , rgb .
rgbToHex ( ) ) ; lgradient .
addColorStop ( 1 , rgbdark . rgbToHex ( ) ) ; ctx .
fillStyle = lgradient ; ctx .
fillRect ( algnPos . x , algnPos .
y + acum , width , valueArray [ i ]. hvalue || 0 ) ; } ctx . restore ( ) ; } } ) ;
Pie Charts + TreeMaps = Awesome TreeMaps
onCreateElement : function ( content , node , isLeaf , leaf ) { if ( isLeaf && node .
data .
valueArray ) { var w = leaf .
offsetWidth , h = leaf .
offsetHeight ; // create a canvas with unique id // and append it to the leaf TreeMap element var c = new Canvas ( " piechartcanvas_ " + TMPieWidget .
count ++ , { injectInto : leaf , width : w , height : h - 2 * tm . config . titleHeight } ) ; // create a RGraph with nodepie node rendering // function var rg = new RGraph ( c , { Node : { ' overridable ' : true , ' type ' : ' nodepie ' } , Edge : { ' overridable ' : true } , // Parent - children distance levelDistance : ( ( w > h ? h : w ) / 2 ) - 2 * tm . config .
titleHeight , // Add styles to node labels on label creation onCreateLabel : function ( domElement , node ) { domElement .
innerHTML = '' ; //node.name ; if ( node .
data .
$ aw ) domElement .
innerHTML += " " + node .
data .
$ aw ; var style = domElement .
style ; style .
fontSize = " 0.8 em " ; style .
color = " #fff " ; } , // Add some offset to the labels when placed .
on PlaceLabel : function ( domElement , node ) { var r = rg .
graph .
getNode ( rg . root ) ; var style = domElement .
style ; var dw = domElement .
offsetWidth ; if ( r . data .
count == 1 ) { var dh = domElement .
offsetHeight ; style .
left = ( w / 2 - dw / 2 ) + ' px ' ; style .
top = ( h / 2 - dh ) + ' px ' ; } else { var left = parseInt ( style .
left ) ; style .
left = ( left - dw / 2 ) + ' px ' ; } } } ) ; rg .
loadJSON ( that .
createJSONPie ( node ) ) ; rg . refresh ( ) ; } }
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
I had the chance to play with the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit lately .
It 's nice to be able to use the Toolkit instead of developing it .
The main reason I built the Toolkit in the first place was to create specific visualizations I was needing for MusicTrails .
At the end I got to code lots of features but did n't have the chance to play with them for a long time .
I hope these examples can demonstrate that the Toolkit was really built upon the concepts of Modularity , Extensibility and Composability .
One of the things I wanted to do for some time now was to adapt the Spacetree visualization to show Bar Charts .
By watching this example we can already tell that the Spacetree can be used to represent something similar to a Bar Chart .
For the next example I created a BarChart class that uses a Spacetree with some special node rendering function to plot bars for each node :
What 's also interesting about this widget is that the custom node implementation I made allows it to show stacked values : Stacked Bar Charts are useful when aggregated results are as meaninful information as knowing the specific value of each analyzed element .
The JQuery team used these kind of charts for measuring performance in different browsers for different versions of JQuery .
As you can a see in the next picture , the overall performance comparison is as useful as the specific browser performance improvements data .
In order to make Stacked Bar Charts I stored multivalued information into the nodes ' data property and then accessed it to render each node like this :
That code also uses linear gradients to render nice gradients for each stacked bar .
When lots of elements need to be compared the Stacked Bar Chart visualization can be confusing .
This is due to the fact that each bar gets thinner and the aspect ratio for each bar tends to be very high .
I wrote about the aspect ratio problem some time ago , and I also showed that it could be solved by using Squarified TreeMaps to show hierarchical structures in constrained space .
This is OK for replacing Bar Charts , but what about Stacked Bar Charts ?
Should we subdivide each TreeMap cell into the number of stacked elements ?
I did n't find that solution very appealing : for each TreeMap node its subnodes would have the same color , same name , but different values .
It seems like redundant information .
Instead , I opted to create Pie Charts inside each TreeMap node .
Pie Charts are useful to compare values where the whole information also has a meaning .
Here 's an example I did with the same data collected from the second Stacked Bar Chart image ( click on the image to enlarge ) : Each TreeMap cell is proportional to the amount of aggregate information for each element .
The Pie Chart compares the specific information of each element .
While the previous example is n't too useful , this next example collects more data and thus makes this visualization more suitable ( also click to enlarge ) :
By taking a look at this example we can see that we can make Pie Charts by using RGraphs and adding a special node rendering function .
We also know that we can make Squarified TreeMaps by looking at this example .
So how can we combine these two visualizations ?
The TreeMap visualization accepts a controller method that is triggered on element creation .
This means that for each created treemap node a callback is used that can post - process each TreeMap node .
This method is called onCreateElement and I use it to append a pie chart for each TreeMap element like this :
And that 's it !
I hope these customizations inspired you enough to create your own wacky visualizations with the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit .
I honestly encourage all Toolkit users to try to extend the library with new crazy ideas and features ; most of the library design was targeted at that !
PS : Some people posted a job offer at the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit Google Group that you might find useful .
To check or post about job offerings related to visualization or the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit please join the group !
As seems to be the norm after returning from an extended absence from technology , I ’m having a hard time processing all that happened in the world of climbing since we left for HP40 Friday morning .
I see that Daniel Woods did the FA of Desperanza ( an extended version of Fred Nicole ’s Esperanza ( V14 ) ) during the Hueco Rock Rodeo and there is an interesting debate taking place about his decision to drop the V15 number on it .
Other than that there are several interesting stories worth sharing that I hope to have for you tomorrow .
In the meantime here is the trailer for Chuck Fryberger ’s upcoming movie Core , which is notable for being the first climbing movie slated to be released on Blu - Ray .
I ’m not sure how many people are going to want to throw down $ 40 for this version of the movie , but it ’s cool to have it as an option .
BART officials are investigating what caused a year - old part that helps connect train cars to snap suddenly Tuesday morning , causing the nine - car train to come apart before stopping at the west edge of the Transbay Tube , snarling the commute .
" A metal bar that is n't supposed to break , that 's supposed to last a lifetime , broke somehow , " said Linton Johnson , a BART spokesman .
BART officials rushed the broken piece to a laboratory for a metallurgical analysis .
But until a cause is determined , they have no plans to inspect similar devices - perhaps as many as 1,168 - on the transit agency 's 669 - car fleet .
" There 's no reason to believe we have a safety problem , " said Paul Oversier , BART 's deputy general manager for operations .
" And if we were to inspect right now , we would n't know what to look for . "
The yoke assembly , a metal part of a mechanical device that couples rail cars , broke at about 6:23 a.m. as a train traveling from Pittsburg / Baypoint to San Francisco International Airport was nearing the west end of the Transbay Tube and about to enter Embarcadero Station .
A safety system automatically applied the brakes on both segments of the train , bringing them to a stop about 70 feet apart .
The train operator brought the first section of the train - five cars - into Embarcadero Station at about 6:55 a.m .
Another train operator was brought in to drive the remaining four - car segment into the station at about 7:10 a.m. BART used the eastbound track to run trains in both directions until it could inspect the tracks and restore full service at about 7:25 a.m.
Delays of up to 40 minutes continued throughout the morning commute .
" It was not at all good for customers , " Oversier said of the delays .
Fractured part
Both segments of the train were taken to the Daly City yard and inspected .
Mechanics found that the yolk assembly , a round solid - steel piece about 4 inches in diameter and 12 inches long , had fractured .
The piece , which sits inside the coupling device , was installed in January 2009 as part of a years - long routine maintenance effort in which BART is gradually replacing yoke assemblies .
Each car has two of the devices , and BART mechanics have replaced them on about 85 percent of the fleet .
In addition to the metallurgical examination , BART is also working with the manufacturer , Wabtec Corp , of Wilmerding , Pa. Johnson said BART has never had a similar problem and does not believe any other transit agencies have either .
Wabtec officials could not be reached for comment .
Yoke assemblies are subjected to a huge amount of stress , both when cars are coupled and during normal operations , Oversier said .
Because BART has so many of the parts in service , and never had a problem until Tuesday , he said he feels confident that the agency can wait for the laboratory results .
He said he does n't know how long the lab tests would take .
" But this is a priority for us , " he said .
Single - tracking
Tuesday 's uncoupling , which Johnson described as " pretty bizarre , " happened at just about the worst time and place .
There are roughly 175,000 Transbay trips each weekday , and during commute hours , BART runs trains through the 3.6 - mile tube about every two minutes .
Only one track runs in each direction through Transbay Tube , and crossover tracks - which allow trains to switch tracks or change directions - are located at West Oakland and an area between Embarcadero and Powell stations .
That makes it impossible for BART to handle commute traffic on a single track , and it led to significant delays with trains waiting in line to go through the tube .
It is not uncommon for BART to briefly run trains on a single track - a practice known as single - tracking - when a train becomes disabled in the Transbay Tube .
But Oversier said that extended single - tracking , as on Tuesday , is fairly rare , occurring perhaps once every two or three years .
Complete shutdowns of the tube are even less common , he said , occurring about once a decade .
Humans are too stupid to prevent climate change from radically impacting on our lives over the coming decades .
This is the stark conclusion of James Lovelock , the globally respected environmental thinker and independent scientist who developed the Gaia theory .
It follows a tumultuous few months in which public opinion on efforts to tackle climate change has been undermined by events such as the climate scientists ' emails leaked from the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) and the failure of the Copenhagen climate summit .
" I do n't think we 're yet evolved to the point where we 're clever enough to handle a complex a situation as climate change , " said Lovelock in his first in - depth interview since the theft of the UEA emails last November .
" The inertia of humans is so huge that you can't really do anything meaningful . "
One of the main obstructions to meaningful action is " modern democracy " , he added .
" Even the best democracies agree that when a major war approaches , democracy must be put on hold for the time being .
I have a feeling that climate change may be an issue as severe as a war .
It may be necessary to put democracy on hold for a while . "
Lovelock , 90 , believes the world 's best hope is to invest in adaptation measures , such as building sea defences around the cities that are most vulnerable to sea - level rises .
He thinks only a catastrophic event would now persuade humanity to take the threat of climate change seriously enough , such as the collapse of a giant glacier in Antarctica , such as the Pine Island glacier , which would immediately push up sea level .
" That would be the sort of event that would change public opinion , " he said .
" Or a return of the dust bowl in the mid-west .
Another Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report wo n't be enough .
We 'll just argue over it like now . "
The IPCC 's 2007 report concluded that there was a 90 % chance that greenhouse gas emissions from human activities are causing global warming , but the panel has been criticised over a mistaken claim that all Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2030 .
Lovelock says the events of the recent months have seen him warming to the efforts of the " good " climate sceptics :
" What I like about sceptics is that in good science you need critics that make you think : ' Crumbs , have I made a mistake here ? '
If you do n't have that continuously , you really are up the creek .
The good sceptics have done a good service , but some of the mad ones I think have not done anyone any favours .
You need sceptics , especially when the science gets very big and monolithic . "
Lovelock , who 40 years ago originated the idea that the planet is a giant , self - regulating organism – the so - called Gaia theory – added that he has little sympathy for the climate scientists caught up in the UEA email scandal .
He said he had not read the original emails – " I felt reluctant to pry " – but that their reported content had left him feeling " utterly disgusted " .
" Fudging the data in any way whatsoever is quite literally a sin against the holy ghost of science , " he said .
" I 'm not religious , but I put it that way because I feel so strongly .
It 's the one thing you do not ever do .
You 've got to have standards . "
• Read the full transcript of the interview
There has never been a March in history when there have n’t been any flakes of snow .
Until now .
“ There no snow in downtown this March – not even a trace amount recorded , ” said David Phillips , senior climatologist at Environment Canada , since record keeping began in 1845 .
“ It ’s really astounding ! ”
This lack of snow beats the previous record of 1898 when trace amounts of snow – less than 0.2 centimetres – were seen downtown at the University of Toronto downtown campus .
Normally , March in Toronto means an average of 22 centimetres of snow spread over nine to 10 days .
What makes this particular winter even more astounding , says Phillips , is a snowless November and March .
“ It seems like winter has been confined to three months instead of the normal six months , ” he said , adding that it has snowed only between Dec.1 and Feb. 27 so far .
“ Winter came in like a lamb , and went out like a lamb , ” Phillips said .
“ We really did n’t see any lion - like weather . ”
There is a chance that some more records will be broken .
Toronto has only seen 46.2 centimetres of snow this season compared to the existing record of 47.1 centimetres in the winter of 1952 to 1953 .
On average , Toronto gets over 127.1 centimetres of snow every year .
This pattern of snowlessness has been echoed across the province .
“ The snowiest country in the world has got almost no snow in comparison , ” Phillips said .
The record breaking pattern is expected to continue into the long weekend .
Environment Canada is predicting 23 degrees Celsius on Friday , which would beat the current warmest temperate for April 2 set in 1967 at 20.6 degrees .
“ We ’ve got many indignant people telling us its to early for an April fool ’s day joke , but it really is n’t , ” Phillips said .
“ It ’s going to be a spectacular summer - like weekend . ”
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss sits at his desk with a piece of paper in front of him and says , " Frankly , the job is a real no - brainer . "
A person with a huge hole in their head sits in front of the desk as the Boss continues , " Your resume is a blank piece of paper .
I like a man who can be brief . "
The man with the hole in his head sits between Wally and Dilbert .
Wally is eating a donut and coffee .
Wally turns to the man and says , " You 're ruining my donut experience . "
Your opponent , SoS Trey Grayson , overseeing the election , has a disturbing history on the issue of electronic voting systems
Legal action NOW may help to prevent surprises later ...
Brad Friedman Byon 3/28/2010 , 1:10 pm PT
Rand Paul , son of Rep. Ron Paul ( R - TX ) is running for the GOP nomination for U.S. Senator to replace the retiring Sen. Jim Bunning in the state of Kentucky .
Paul , who has been endorsed by the likes of Sarah Palin , is running against Republican Party insider , KY Sec. of State Trey Grayson , who has been endorsed by the likes of Dick Cheney .
Primary Election Day is set for May 18th .
Grayson 's disturbing history of misrepresenting the truth in regard to certification of the state 's electronic voting systems should be of great concern to Paul and his supporters , particularly given the state 's rich history of confirmed election fraud by election insiders --- which includes tampering with e-voting systems to change voters votes --- and the fact that much of the state still uses electronic voting systems which are 100 % unverifiable in any way , shape or form .
Of equal concern are the hand - marked paper ballot systems used in other parts of the state .
Those electronic systems are also at risk to both simple , nearly undetectable manipulation by insiders as well as tallying errors , and have been found to feature serious security flaws highlighted in the past by the state 's own former Republican AG .
Even admissions by one of the voting machine companies , Diebold , that systems in use in the state did not meet certification requirements , were largely dismissed , and all but ignored for years by Grayson , the state 's chief election official who will be overseeing his own election against Paul in May ...
Paul , who shares many of the doctrinaire libertarian views of his father , is currently the favored candidate of the Tea Party crowd .
Given how the Republican Party ( whose ranks make up the bulk of that crowd these days ) , marginalized Paul 's father and his supporters in the past --- the real Tea Partiers as we regard them --- it 's somewhat of a surprise so many of the Johnny - Come - Lately - Tea - Baggers are now rallying behind the son .
For his part , Grayson had been accused by the state 's Attorney General , the now - retired Democrat Greg Stumbo , of lying about the use of uncertified voting machines in the state .
In the Summer of 2007 , Diebold , who had recently renamed its election division " Premier Election Solutions " , notified the state that Jefferson County had been using uncertified voting systems for the past three elections .
The then - AG 's investigation into the matter revealed that Grayson had blatantly mislead the public about the certification of those systems .
Stumbo's inquiry had been made in the wake of CA Sec. of State Debra Bowen 's " Top - to - Bottom Review " of their e-voting systems , which subsequently found startling security and accuracy issues with the very same Diebold and Hart Intercivic voting systems used in Kentucky .
Stumbo had sought to ensure that immediate security upgrades demanded by the Sec. of State in California would be similarly implemented in the Bluegrass State where , he said , " Waiting and hoping for the best is not an option when the problems are obvious .
Kentucky deserves the same prompt corrective action as California . "
During his investigation , Stumbo had criticized Grayson 's " do - nothing attitude " after the Secretary of State dismissed his call for " the same voter security and protection as the California Secretary of State demanded and received . "
Those protections were never granted by Grayson .
Grayson 's attitude is particularly disturbing given Kentucky 's rich history of insider election fraud , as illustrated again most recently by last week 's federal felony convictions of eight conspirators in Clay County after they 'd been found to have fixed elections by buying and selling votes in 2002 , 2004 and 2006 , and having manipulated e-voting machines made by ES&S in the 2006 election .
The federal prosecutors argued the long - running criminal cabal --- led by six high - ranking election officials , including a Circuit Court Judge , the County Clerk and the School Superintendent --- had made millions for themselves in their years - long schemes to undermine democracy .
Those schemes , the prosecutors charged , are said to have stretched back " for decades " in the rural , poor , heavily - Republican county .
Rand Paul would be very wise --- even with his current double - digit pre-election poll lead over Grayson which has virtually flipped from how the pair were polling just last Summer --- to begin filing lawsuits now , preemptively , to demand a number of election integrity issues are taken care of , particularly given Grayson 's history and the fact that he will be overseeing his own election against Paul , as the state 's chief election official .
Among the issues that Paul should go to court to ensure now are the secure storage and retention of voting machine memory cards , memory chips and tapes , as well as all paper ballots ( voted , spoiled and unvoted ) for the full 22 months following the election , as ( theoretically ) required by federal law .
Most jurisdictions , if not all , completely ignore the 22 month retention requirement for election materials such as memory cards and " hard - drive " chips .
They are routinely erased for re-use shortly after the election .
It 's outrageous that they do so , as we 've argued many times over the years , and Paul should force the state now to commit to following federal law on those points , rather than waiting until after the election when it is usually too late .
If anyone from the Paul campaign would like to touch base , we'd be happy to help advise in this regard .
For the record , the same offer is good for the Grayson campaign --- as well as the potential Democratic nominees that will likely face either Paul or Grayson in November --- since we do n't play favorites when it comes to issues of democracy and fighting to ensure that all who chose to vote are able to see their votes counted , and counted accurately .
We do realize , however , given his history , that it may be the case that the KY SoS could n't be less interested in such things , at least if his track record to date is any indication .
* * *
CORRECTION 3/29/10 :
In the article above , we had originally mis-identified former KY Attorney General Greg Stumbo as a Republican .
In fact , he is a Democrat and we 've corrected the text to reflect that .
We regret the error and are appreciative to BRAD BLOG commenter " Randall " for bringing it to our attention .
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
TORONTO - Byelections can be game changers , pivotal moments when the fate of a government is largely foretold by outrage at the ballot box .
Just do n't expect that to happen in Thursday 's votes , experts say .
The two byelections in eastern Ontario likely wo n't change the makeup of the legislature or send a message of protest to Premier Dalton McGuinty , said Bryan Evans , a politics professor at Toronto 's Ryerson University .
" I think that the big story is that there 's no story here , " he said .
" I 'm not going to really go out on a limb , but I do n't think there will be any change . "
He said he'd be " shocked " if the rural riding of Leeds - Grenville , which has flown
Tory blue for nearly three decades , switches sides .
And the Liberals will likely hang on to the suburban riding of Ottawa - West Nepean , given the party 's star candidate Bob Chiarelli is an ex-Ottawa mayor who 'd previously held the riding for 10 years .
Despite the " plethora of issues " that voters could protest -- from tax harmonization to cash - strapped hospitals -- the Liberals have had " phenomenal success " in byelections , Evans said .
Since the 2007 provincial election , the governing Liberals have held on to two seats in downtown Toronto and nabbed another from the Tories in the central Ontario riding of Haliburton - Kawartha Lakes - Brock , he added .
" There 's certainly no indication that there 's an upswell or coalescing of public opinion around issues which the opposition parties have thrown up , " he said .
Chiarelli , who 's widely expected to be on the fast - track to cabinet if he reclaims the Ottawa seat he relinquished in 1997 , said voters are more concerned about health care and education than tax harmonization .
" The main message I 'm getting is that they do n't want their services impacted or cut .
In fact , they want to see increases in services , whether it 's education or health care -- the two major ones . "
Still , the Conservatives and NDP insist there 's no shortage of voter anger about the HST .
" We 're getting it at the door , almost every door , " said former Brockville mayor Steve Clark , who hopes to hold on the Leed - Grenville seat for the Tories .
" It 's been a concern from everyone , whether they'd be a senior , or they'd be a small business owner , whether they'd be a working family .
...
People are extremely upset that this tax is going ahead given the economy . "
If the Liberals hang on to the Ottawa seat , they may take it as a sign that the HST and the spending scandals at eHealth and the troubled Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp.
are n't as toxic as they feared , Evans said .
" Clearly the electorate are n't motivated to punish the government over those issues .
For whatever reason , those issues do n't resonate to such a degree that people feel there 's a need to send a message . "
McGuinty is n't saying what a victory would signal to him , but noted that he's not met a parent or grandparent who is n't in favour of the jobs the HST would create in the province .
" We spend a lot of time talking about the HST , but the experience has been at the doors that the voters actually carefully consider a number of factors when it comes to making a decision , " he said Tuesday .
All three parties have also squared off on health care during the campaign period , with hospital cuts coming up almost daily in the legislature .
The New Democrats hammered the Liberals on the threatened closure of the Toronto Grace hospital in the February byelection , which saw them zoom past the Tories to finish second in the Toronto - Centre race .
On the eve of the vote , the government promised an estimated $ 15 million to keep the hospital open and the Liberals ended up hanging onto the seat .
A week later , Finance Minister Dwight Duncan promised to provide about $ 200 million to help Nortel pensioners , many of whom live in Ottawa , after Chiarelli urged the government to help them .
Opposition critics accused McGuinty of trying to buy another byelection on the backs of seniors , but the premier brushed off suggestions that his timing was suspicious .
The writs in eastern Ontario were dropped after former Liberal cabinet minister Jim Watson vacated his suburban Ottawa seat to run for mayor , and veteran Conservative Bob Runciman stepped down in Leeds - Grenville after 29 years to take a Senate appointment .
Clark , 49 , will face off against Liberal Stephen Mazurek , New Democrat Steve Armstrong and the Green Party 's Neil Kudrinko in Leeds - Grenville .
In Ottawa West - Nepean , Chiarelli , 68 , will face off against Beth Graham , a 55 - year - old former aide to both federal Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq and provincial Tory Lisa McLeod .
School trustee Pam FitzGerald will represent the New Democrats and Mark MacKenzie is on the ballot for the Green Party .
Chiarelli , a father of six who represented the riding from 1987 to 1997 before his two terms as the first mayor of the amalgamated city of Ottawa , said he had been mulling a political comeback long before Watson resigned , and even considered taking another shot at the mayor 's office .
WASHINGTON — When Iran was caught last September building a secret , underground nuclear enrichment plant at a military base near the city of Qum , the country ’s leaders insisted they had no other choice .
With its nuclear facilities under constant threat of attack , they said , only a fool would leave them out in the open .
So imagine the surprise of international inspectors almost two weeks ago when they watched as Iran moved nearly its entire stockpile of low - enriched nuclear fuel to an above - ground plant .
It was as if , one official noted , a bull ’s - eye had been painted on it .
Why take such a huge risk ?
That mystery is the subject of fervent debate among many who are trying to decode Iran ’s intentions .
The theories run from the bizarre to the mundane : Under one , Iran is actually taunting the Israelis to strike first .
Under another , it is simply escalating the confrontation with the West to win further concessions in negotiations .
The simplest explanation , and the one that the Obama administration subscribes to , is that Iran has run short of suitable storage containers for radioactive fuel , so it had to move everything .
The debate reflects the depth of confusion about the intentions of a badly divided Iranian leadership .
Since October , when Iran agreed in principle to ship much of its nuclear stockpile out of the country so that it could be converted to fuel for a medical reactor , there have been a series of unexplained actions .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has veered from hailing the deal to backing away from it .
The country has declared that it will soon build 10 new enrichment plants — a number it does not have the capacity to carry out .
It has declared that it has answered all the questions posed by inspectors about potential work on weapons ; the inspectors say there have been no responses since mid-2008 .
​ A Washington medical marijuana patient has died after being attacked by robbers who were after his pot crop .
When local police were called to the scene , rather than investigating the assault , they started questioning mortally injured Michael Shane Howard about how many plants he had .
The police told Howard , who had just been clubbed in the head with a crowbar , that the medics would “ probably just put a big bandage in his forehead and leave him at the house . ”
Two days after the attack , as Howard lay dying , the police called Howard ’s good friend and roommate , Renee Resser , and asked when she was going to go visit him in the hospital .
Then while Renee visited Howard at the hospital , she got a call from a friend telling her officers from the Pierce County , Washington Sheriff ’s Department were raiding her home .
When Renee rushed home , she was handcuffed and put in the back of a police car for 2 - 1 / 2 hours ; officers told her it was because she lived in the same residence as Howard , even though his grow operation was outside in a shed .
“ They took all his plants and equipment , ” Renee said .
“ It ’s so sickening that they are more worried about his meds than finding out who attacked him .
His skull was bashed by a crowbar ; it seems like they are not even trying to find out who did it .
It makes me sick to my stomach ! ”
​ The investigating officers did n’t even take the murder weapon into evidence until the morning after the attack , when they finally realized Mike was likely not going to make it .
The Finest Colloidal Silver & Colloidal Metal Products
Purest Colloids mission is to produce the finest colloidal products which provide the highest level of effectiveness whether throughcolloidal silver or other colloidal metals .
In addition to our flagship product , MesoSilver brand colloidal silver , we offer superior metal colloid products for use as dietary supplements .
Our colloids provide the body with minerals to maintain optimum health .
By maximizing the particle surface area of the nanometer sized particles we keep our products in the forefront of quality and effectiveness .
Our products , including colloidal silver and gold , have a broad range of other uses and have been used in the manufacture of photographic films , cosmetics , preservatives , antibacterial coatings , and dietary supplements .
This web site discusses our products , MesoSilver© , MesoGold© , MesoCopper© , MesoPlatinum© , MesoPalladium™ , MesoIridium™ , MesoSilica™ , and MesoZinc™ .
Their function is to provide minerals in trace amounts which our bodies can use to maintain a robust immune system for optimum health .
Read more about Colloidal Silver Effectiveness in the learning center .
Select product : MesoSilver & Skin Conditioner AntiFungal Spray MesoGold & Skin Conditioner MesoCopper & Skin Conditioner MesoPlatinum & Skin Conditioner MesoZinc & Skin Conditioner MesoSilica & Skin Conditioner Palladium & Skin Conditioner MesoIridium & Skin Conditioner Ionic Copper & Skin Conditioner Hot Tub Silver Meso SGPS Meso SS
Enter batch number :
How to find your batch number Help me understand the report View Report Cancel
Concentration checks currently go back as far as mid 2010 .
X The batch number for your product is typically located at the
bottom of the informational label as shown in the example below .
You need only enter the numbers to the right of the L within
the number ( highlighted in blue ) :
X Our concentration reports come directly from laboratory testing equipment , so they
give far more technical details about our products than most people need .
Here is a quick way to find the PPM measurement on the report :
History of Silver & Colloidal Silver
Following the fall of the second Labour government ( 1929 -31 ) , R H Tawney published a celebrated essay in Political Quarterly entitled " The Choice Before the Labour Party " .
He complained that the " degeneration " of socialist parties on assuming office was an old story and that what the party needed was not " self - commiseration " but " a little cold realism " .
Labour , he wrote , is " hesitant in action , because divided in mind .
It does not achieve what it could , because it does not know what it wants .
It frets out of office and fumbles in it . . .
Being without clear convictions as to its own meaning and purpose , it is deprived of the dynamic which only convictions supply . "
To reread Tawney 's essay is to understand that the choice before Labour today is much as it was in 1931 .
If the party is to renew itself , once again to become the vital , progressive and reforming social - democratic force in British politics , it must first rediscover the language of conviction , as well as a guiding sense of its own meaning and purpose .
Labour must play a lead role in the remoralisation of our politics ; it needs to understand why so many of its natural supporters feel estranged from - or let down by - the party .
Over the months ahead , we shall be publishing some of our finest political writers as part of a larger debate on the future of progressive politics .
All our party leaders recognise that something is rotten in our politics ; they speak of the need for change but , too often , their positions are merely rhetorical .
" Change " is the all - purpose cant word of our struggling political elites .
Since I became editor of the New Statesman in October 2008 , I have , through our leader columns , been arguing for a realignment of liberal - left politics .
The larger failures of the Blair - Brown years are everywhere apparent , from the obfuscations and divisions created by the Iraq war to New Labour 's fatal embrace of neoliberalism ; from deepening inequality to the erosion of our civil liberties .
Progressive politics should be about the dispersal of power and opportunity .
Labour has sought to centralise , control and command with its top - down , market - driven prescriptions .
We need a more republican notion of freedom : freedom from domination and arbitrary power .
Only now , in the final months of this government , has the party begun seriously to consider electoral reform and the abolition of the House of Lords .
Too late , perhaps , already too late .
In the first essay in our series , Anthony Barnett , co-founder of Charter 88 and a bold advocate of the open society , argues trenchantly that the best outcome of the forthcoming election would be a hung parliament .
In effect , he is saying that Labour does not deserve the support of progressives committed to political and constitutional renewal .
John Kampfner , editor of the New Statesman from 2005 - 2008 , argued similarly in his recent pamphlet Lost labours .
Unlike Barnett , we believe that the Labour Party remains the primary means by which to achieve a plural , social - democratic transformation .
Ed Miliband , a contender for the leadership , said to me recently that New Labour " made its peace with capitalism , but did not offer a critique of it " .
At present , any number of good people within the party are beginning to offer that necessary critique of market fundamentalism .
There is a sincere willingness to learn from what went wrong .
So , this need not be a time of quietism or abandonment : the Labour Party will serve Britain best by , as Tawney wrote , " clarifying its own principles and acting in accordance with them " .
Let the argument begin .
Here ’s our latest collective tracker open signup update .
If you are wondering what that is , this is a post summarizing information about private torrent trackers that were featured on FILEnetworks during the last 1 - 2 months .
This articles features 15 private torrent trackers specializing in all sorts of content ranging from TV shows , kids content , high definition movies , mobile content , audiobooks , music , music videos to general releases .
All of the private communities mentioned here are currently open for public registrations , meaning you wo n’t need to have an invite code ready in order to join .
Summarized site information including up to date site statistics , signup URLs and a links to full tracker reviews are included with each entry .
In case you missed out on a site when we first told about it or if you are a new reader who just joined us , this post should help get you up to speed on some of the recently launched BitTorrent trackers .
As usual , it ’s strongly recommended that you read the full review of a tracker before you sign up .
A review usually includes a brief description of what sort of content is available in a site , details of it ’s community , language options , etc and includes a few screenshots as well .
This way you would not end up in a site you ’d never use and trackers wo n’t get filled with lots of inactive members .
A link to full review can be found below the ‘ Description ’ field of each entry .
Torrent - Script
: Torrent Script ( http://www.torrent-script.org : 300 + torrents and 2200 + users : Torrent Script is an innovative new tracker that focuses on web development related content such as CMS , website templates , fonts , scripts ( Ajax , PHP , etc ) , clone scripts , plugins , vector graphics and more .
Multreactor
Site Name : MultReactor ( http://www.multreactor.ru)
Signup URL : http://www.multreactor.ru/signup.php
Statistics : 1500 + torrents and 10800 + users
Description : MultReactor ( MR ) tracks a lot of kids cartoons , movies and live action drama including plenty of full season packs and complete series packs both old and new .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
HardTracker
Site Name : HardTracker ( http://hardtracker.in.ua/)
Signup URL : http://hardtracker.in.ua/signup.php
Statistics : ~1200 torrents
Description : .
HardTracker is a relatively new BitTorrent site that tracks hardcore , hardstyle , schranz , frenchcore , terror , dnb , speedcore , etc music .
It ’s a relatively new site that ’s only a few months old but fans of these music genres may find it useful ( you can change language options from top right corner of page ) .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
OURDiSC
Site Name : OurDiSC / OurDVD ( http://bt.ourdisc.net)
Signup URL : http://bt.ourdisc.net/signup.php
Statistics : 6400 + users and 3750 + torrents
Description : OurDiSC is a private BitTorrent tracker that specializes in untouched DVD ( DVDR ) and Blu - Ray ( BD + ) movies .
Most of the content tracked by OurDiSC are releases for R1 ( DVD Region 1 ) and R3 ( DVD Region 3 ) .
For help on how to switch language to English , please see full review .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
SilverSeed ( SS )
: SilverSeed ( http://silverseed.net : ~4000 users and ~3000 torrents : SilverSeed is a promising new music video torrent tracker that ’s been growing at a consistent pace .
Those who signed up earlier through our previous article might need to recover the password as SS recently upgraded their security system .
HD - Space
: HD - Space ( http://hd-space.org : 13700 + members and 1800 + torrents :
As the name suggests , HD space is a High def tracker .
Movies , TV shows and other HD video content in 720 p or 1080 p Blu - Ray in a x264 container formats may be found here .
HDCity
Site Name : HDCity ( http://www.hdcity.org)
Signup URL : http://www.hdcity.org/signup.php
Statistics : 12900 + users and 5400 + torrents
Description : Another HD tracker from China but with English content .
Interface will default to Chinese language but you can always change it via language options .
See full review for details .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
TotalChaos
: ChaosUK ( http://www.totalchaos.me.uk : ~1700 torrents : TotalChoas is a British TV torrent tracker similar to The Box and UKNova .
Tracks both modern content as well as classic stuff .
Decent tracker with some good activity .
BzEe.TV ( BzT )
Site Name : BzEe ( http://bzee.tv)
Signup URL : http://bzee.tv/account-signup.php
Statistics : 1850 + members and 3400 + torrents
Description : BzEe .TV is a new ratio free TV tracker .
Episodes , full season packs as well as some movies are indexed here .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
CatTorrent
Site Name : CatTorrent ( http://www.cattorrent.net)
Signup URL : http://www.cattorrent.net/signup.php
Statistics : ~3000 torrents
Description :
If you like audio books you will like this tracker .
CatTorrent is a niche tracker that focuses primarily on audiobooks .
The site was experiencing downtime issues but these seem to have been resolved now .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
Boxing - Torrents
Site Name : TC Boxing ( http://tc-boxing.com)
Signup URL : http://tc-boxing.com/signup.php
Statistics : ~1500 torrents and 3300 + users
Description : TC - Boxing aka Boxing Torrents is a sports torrent tracker that focuses on Boxing .
TC Boxing tracks match videos of both amateur and professional versions of the sport , DVD Documentaries and even some high definition content related to Boxing .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
Vibes.CC
Site Name : Vibes ( http://vibes.cc)
Signup URL : http://vibes.cc/signup.php
Statistics : 17700 + members and ~21000 torrents
Description : Vibes is a large Greece based torrent tracker that tracks a lot of English international releases .
It ’s somewhat of an underrated tracker considering the size of its torrent index .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
ExtremeShare ( ES )
Site Name : ExtremeShare ( http://www.extremeshare.org)
Signup URL : http://www.extremeshare.org/tracker/signup.php
Statistics : 22000 + torrents
Description : ExtremeShare is a General / 0 Day tracker .
ES is a relatively popular tracker in the BitTorrent scene with lots of unique releases , tons of packs and even torrents uploaded by P2P release groups internal to ExtremeShare .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
LeechersLair ( LL )
Site Name : LeechersLair ( http://www.leecherslairywot.com)
Signup URL : http://www.leecherslairywot.com/signup.php
Statistics : 17800 + users and ~2400 torrents
Description : LeechersLair is a General / 0 Day tracker that has a large following .
Despite various obstacles , LL has survived for several years and has become a good overall tracker with some exclusive packs .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
Pimp Your Mobile ( PYM )
Site Name : PimpYourMobile ( http://torrent.pimpyourmobile.info)
Signup URL : http://torrent.pimpyourmobile.info/signup.php
Note : Site seems to be having database issues right now .
Try later .
Statistics : 2300 + members and 3200 + torrents
Description : Pimp Your Mobile is a long running ratio free private tracker for all sorts of mobile content .
You can download applications , games , themes , ringtones , mobile optimized media and other stuff for your Symbian , Nokia S40 , Java , Windows Mobile or Android powered mobile device or even for the Apple iPhone , BlackBerry devices and PDAs .
Full review : [ Click Here ]
In addition , we want to announce a change to our collective tracker updates format .
Since we have expanded our coverage from open signup trackers to those that engage in IRC recruitment as well as DDL forums , we have decided to branch collective updates by mode of registration ( Open signup / conditional recruitment ) and by type of site ( DDL Forum / Tracker ) .
That is , there will be separate posts each for latest DDL forums , new sites that offer IRC recruitment / invite applications in addition to regular open signup updates ( such as this post ) .
First collective update for trackers with IRC recruitment can be found here while a list of DDL forums with open registrations can be found here .
Sony has told owners of older models of its PlayStation 3 console to stop using the machine because of a problem with the PlayStation Network .
The problem is affecting people using the older versions of the PlayStation 3 , called the " Fat " model .
The problem is n't affecting the newer PS3 Slim systems that have been on sale since September last year .
Sony have also said they are aiming to have the problem fixed shortly but is advising some users to avoid using their console for the time being .
" We hope to resolve this problem within the next 24 hours , " a statement reads .
" In the meantime , if you have a model other than the new slim PS3 , we advise that you do not use your PS3 system , as doing so may result in errors in some functionality , such as recording obtained trophies , and not being able to restore certain data .
" We believe we have identified that this problem is being caused by a bug in the clock functionality incorporated in the system . "
The PlayStation Network is used by millions of people around the world .
It allows users to play their friends at games like Fifa over the internet and also do things like download software or visit online stores .
I think a majority of Americans would get behind this platform , how about you ?
A foreign policy based on international cooperation :
We shall continue vigorously to support the United Nations .
A call to civil service :
We will vigorously promote , as we have in the past , a non-political career service under the merit system which will attract and retain able servants of the people .
Progressive taxation :
Further reductions in taxes with particular consideration for low and middle income families .
Infrastructure :
To meet the immense demands of our expanding economy , we [ will initiate ] the largest highway , air and maritime programs in history , each soundly financed .
Statehood for D.C. :
We favor self - government , national suffrage and representation in the Congress of the United States for residents of the District of Columbia .
Environmentalism :
We favor a comprehensive study of the effect upon wildlife of the drainage of our wetlands .
We recognize the need for maintaining isolated wilderness areas
Taking on big business :
A continuously vigorous enforcement of anti-trust laws Legislation to enable closer Federal scrutiny of mergers which have a significant or potential monopolistic connotations ;
Procedural changes in the antitrust laws to facilitate their enforcement .
But wait , it gets even better .
Just look at how pro-labor it is :
Extend the protection of the Federal minimum wage laws to as many more workers as is possible and practicable .
Stimulate improved job safety of our workers , through assistance to the States , employees and employers .
Assure equal pay for equal work regardless of Sex .
Clarify and strengthen the eight - hour laws for the benefit of workers who are subject to federal wage standards ...
Revise and improve the Taft - Hartley
Act so as to protect more effectively the rights of labor unions , management , the individual worker , and the public .
It even favors bringing back the Equal Rights Amendment !
We recommend to Congress the submission of a constitutional amendment providing equal rights for men and women .
Public works projects .
Equal pay for equal work .
Environmentalism .
Antitrust enforcement .
Even the fricking ERA .
Holy cow , who on earth is proposing such unabashedly progressive ideals ?
Who is unafraid to use the word " liberal " to describe their values ?
Can you possibly guess ?
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
Wait for it ...
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
It 's the Republican Party Platform of 1956 .
Yes , you read that correctly .
Every one of the above planks comes directly from the GOP 's platform in Eisenhower 's reelection year .
And did the American people support it ?
Yep , overwhelmingly so .
To be sure , there are some things that I omitted , both because it would have given it away , and because it did n't always fit my theme .
But still : can you believe this shit ?
Dwight D. Eisenhower would not only not be welcome in today 's GOP , if he tried to crash their convention he would be forcibly removed -- possibly with firehoses .
This brings into stunning relief just how far to the right the Republican Party has gone in a relatively short time ( 54 years ai n't that long , folks ) .
And how far out of touch with most Americans they 've truly gotten .
The American people back in those halcyon , crewcut 1950 's agreed with this platform overwhelmingly .
But today , Republicans would label it as " socialist " .
Wait a minute , what am I saying ?
They already have .
Samsung i5700
Samsung has always been known as the top of all technologies , and to master the Android scene , they are having a try after messing up the original Galaxy .
That i7500 Galaxy fell into the mud , and to prove that Samsung is learning from past mistakes comes the Samsung Galaxy Portal i5700 – which features Android 1.5 .
The first impression of the Portal is rather good – the phone feels solid , and if you ’re prone to dropping your phone too often , that wo n’t happen here because of the grippy , rubberized effect of the back cover .
You may be surprised to know that the Portal is actually thicker and a bit chunkier than the Galaxy of last year – it ’s 13.2 mm as compared to the 11.9 mm of last year ’s model .
This phone has reliable old LCD technology , a 3.2 inch screen which you ’re bound to love .
There ’s HVGA resolution , which is sure to impress all those who have never used a smartphone before .
The button layout is just a slightly changed version of the original Galaxy ’s ; there is no trackball or optical pad .
There is a clickable d-pad which takes care of the directional controls ; it feels very much like those old video games you used to play .
But in fact , it ’s much easier in the case of text messaging , because the clicky button makes things more convenient .
For instance , just imagine that you have to send an important message during a meeting , and you accidentally make a typo .
It ’s much easier to correct that typo by simply clicking a button three times , instead of having to scroll a little wheel into position , or even poking at the screen ’s relevant point .
The screen of the Galaxy i5700 is quite impressive – it ’s solid and glassy thanks to the capacitive technology .
Plus , it ’s also occasionally patchy , just like most touchscreens out there in the market .
But when it comes to pressing harder around the edges , you ’ll definitely get used to it .
You get the standard Android buttons – but as to what they do , there ’s not much explanation .
For instance , the Menu button does n’t specify that it ’s the Menu button – instead , the icon just looks like a tray with an arrow on it .
The Home button has an illustration of a little house on it , though .
The bottom of the handset feels unnaturally heavy , which is a little disconcerting .
The button placement approach is a little confusing – there are loads and loads of buttons which you need to figure out !
There is a separate Lock button on the top - right edge of the case , which wakes it up and sends it to sleep .
There is a camera button on the bottom right side and the volume up / down clicker is on the left .
It ’s actually quite difficult to pick up this phone without accidentally pressing something – so make sure you have a really steady hand .
[ youtube XhCo5hc9Tg0 500 375 ]
We think that Samsung should actually take a leaf out of HTC ’s book and have the power buttons also act as the screen lock – this would make things more convenient , and also make the phone design look better .
But you ’ve got to be grateful for the fact that there is a button solely for taking photos – this removes the horrible concept of taking photos through a touchscreen button .
Samsung Galaxy is truly a turning point for the brand Samsung .
It has dabbled in all smartphone platforms , even Windows Mobile ( Omnia ) and Symbian ( i8510 ) , also the BREW - based Vodafone 360 .
Now the manufacturer is going mainstream .
The Galaxy was a reasonably good first attempt at an Android , but it still lacked some features which the competitors gave .
But this Galaxy Portal is a slimmed down version , both in terms of price and features .
[ youtube rhBgLQSxfjE 500 375 ]
The internal memory of the Galaxy Portal is just 180 MB .
Compared to the 8GB of native storage , it ’s quite a jump .
You can fix this by adding a MicroSD card – but you would need to remove the back cover to gain access to it – and if you have a number of different cards , this can be quite a bother .
The screen works on TFT technology and not OLED .
So colors are n’t that bright – but that ’s not likely to be a big issue .
Tags : Android 1.5 , Galaxy i5700 , Samsung , Samsung galaxy portal , Samsung i5700 , smartphone
Former Rep. Melissa
Hart may have hit the road and gone back home to Pittsburgh in 2006 when she lost her bid for re-election , but it appears that a car she owns still remains in the Longworth House Office building parking garage — more than three years after she left Congress .
It looks like Hart , a Republican who represented Pennsylvania ’s 4th District , left her white , older model Volkswagen Jetta six parking spaces away from the parking garage ’s entrance into the buildings that house congressional offices in Washington .
But Hart ’s “ dude where ’s my car ” dilemma may not be her only problem , if the car is in fact hers .
According to the Committee on House Administration Web site , former members can only park in the garages if they are not registered lobbyists .
Hart , who now chairs Pittsburgh - based law firm Keevican Weiss Bauerle & Hirsch ’s Government Relations practice , is registered in the Senate lobbyist database .
A woman identifying herself as Hart answered the phone at her law office , but hung up after the reporter asked if the car belonged to her .
The Daily Caller reporter immediately called Hart back and left a message at her work , but she did not return those calls or subsequent e-mails .
Kyle Anderson , a spokesman for the Committee on House Administration , refused to confirm whether the car belongs to Hart , saying by e-mail that : “ As a rule , we do not provide information on the owners ( members or staff ) of vehicles stored in House Parking facilities . ”
Bumper stickers on the car point to Hart , as does the fact that the license plate is from Pennsylvania .
There ’s a Washington and Jefferson College sticker ( of which Hart is a 1984 graduate ) on the back window .
And there ’s a George W. Bush for President sticker on the bumper .
Anderson said all vehicles parked in House permit - only areas must display both valid license plates and current parking permits .
“ The vehicle in question is not displaying valid registration and we are in the process of contacting the owner , ” he said .
It ’s clear the car has n’t moved in at least a few years :
A sign in the dashboard reads “ 109th Congress ” ( which lasted from 2005 to 2007 and was the last Congress Hart served in ) .
The Pennsylvania license tag expired last year .
Most noticeably is the grayish soot , made up of dirt and dust accumulated over time , that several jokesters have written quips into .
“ I wish my wife was this dirty , ” someone drew into the dust on the back window .
( Another person , presumably , responded : “ She is ! ” )
Other remarks like , “ F - ing wash me , ” and “ Tow me ” and “ I ’m with stupid ” scatter the rest of the car .
Hart , who served three terms in Congress , is the only Republican woman in history to represent Pennsylvania at the federal level .
After losing to the Republican lost re-election to Democrat Jason Altmire in 2006 , she attempted to win back the seat in 2008 but lost .
WASHINGTON - The American Civil Liberties Union has been studying , litigating and lobbying on the constitutional and practical implications of federal campaign finance laws for more than a quarter century .
For all of those years , while we prevailed repeatedly in the courts , we fought an uphill battle in the court of public opinion and ours was a lonely voice in the progressive community .
I have been , therefore , delighted to see groups like the AFL - CIO , the Alliance for Justice and the OMB Watch begin to express significant concerns about some elements of the newly introduced McCain - Feingold legislation .
This is a welcome development and one that I hope will grow in intensity as the Senate floor debate approaches .
Do not get me wrong .
The ACLU is among those who believe that the system of electing candidates to federal office badly needs repair .
And we will continue to advocate reform of the current system - such as our longstanding support for full public financing - but in doing so we will stress fidelity to the principles protected by the First Amendment with the goal of expanding , not limiting , political speech .
The proposals currently being considered by Congress do not do that .
They are instead based once again on the failed approach of limits , limits and more limits - limits on candidates , limits on political parties , limits on independent political groups and , of course , limits on issue advocacy .
This bill represents a double - barreled attack on political freedom in America .
First off , it contains an unprecedented attack on issue advocacy by nonpartisan groups and organizations .
It would basically prohibit unions , corporations and issue organizations from effectively informing the public about the conduct of public officials who are candidates for election by imposing a total blackout on broadcasting any information about an incumbent candidate during the 60 days before a general election and 30 days before a primary .
Had this bill been the law during the 2000 elections , for example , it would have effectively silenced issue organizations across the entire political spectrum .
The NAACP , for one , would have been effectively prohibited from running its powerful ads criticizing the hate - crimes record of then - Gov. George Bush .
The NRA could not have run broadcast ads attacking the gun control positions of members of Congress .
Secondly , the McCain - Feingold legislation would also make it virtually impossible for political parties to engage in all forms of grassroots political activities , such as get - out - the - vote efforts , voter registration drives , voter education , candidate recruitment and development and issue development by totally depriving them of the funding which has sustained such activities .
Even individual citizens who want to join together to engage in such advocacy would be subjected to new and burdensome registration and reporting requirements under McCain - Feingold .
And for citizen groups whose message is particularly controversial , such disclosure requirements are tantamount to placing a gag around their mouths and silencing them .
The nation has seen an explosion in recent election cycles of issue advocacy critical of the records of candidates and incumbents .
In reaction , Congress now wants to limit the ability of independent issue - oriented organizations to describe positions using the name and / or likeness of a candidate during the crucial days leading up to an election , which is exactly the time when people are paying the most attention to the positions of their elected officials .
We believe that if Congress continues to move in this dangerous -- and ultimately unconstitutional -- direction the only people who will be allowed to speak about the record of politicians will be politicians , PACs and the press .
That 's why I am delighted - once again - to be here today to join with Sen.
Mitch McConnell and our " unusual allies " coalition to yet again renew our perennial battle to protect political speech from being decimated in the name of campaign finance reform .
And soon I hope to join Senator McConnell in welcoming more progressive voices to our coalition of organizations opposed to McCain - Feingold and Shays - Meehan , its companion in the House .
This unprecedented government regulation of political speech flies in the face of 25 years of court decisions protecting such speech from government regulation .
In our democracy , you should n't have to register with the government in order to criticize it .
143 v Australia , Sharjah , 1997 - 98
India are chasing Australia 's 284 , but more importantly they need to score 254 to beat New Zealand on net run-rate , and make their way to the final .
Single - handedly , Tendulkar takes India close to the cut - off when sandstorms disrupt the play .
Just when making it to the final looks difficult , Tendulkar not only takes them beyond that target , but for a brief while even flirts with a win .
134 v Australia , Sharjah , 1997 - 98
It surely could n't have got better .
It does .
Two days later , at the same venue , chasing a similar 273 to win the final , Tendulkar decimates the Australian attack .
By the time he is out in the 45th over , he has left India only 25 more to get .
Shane Warne is so devastated he confesses Tendulkar hits him for sixes in his nightmares .
141 and 4 for 38 v Australia , Dhaka , 1997 - 98
Six months after having destroyed Aussie bowlers ' psyche , Tendulkar meets them again in big - match environment : the quarter - final of the ICC Champions Trophy .
And again , single - handedly , he puts Australia out of the game with his third century against them in three matches .
His 141 come in 128 balls , and India are 280 in the 46th over when he gets out .
To put the matter beyond doubt , Tendulkar kills an interesting contest by dismissing Steve Waugh , Michael Bevan , and Damien Martyn in his 4 for 38 .
Tendulkar is clearly dominating Australia like no other single player has ever done before .
98 v Pakistan , Centurion , 2003
Tendulkar has been compelled to live this World Cup match against Pakistan for a year in advance .
He has not slept properly for 12 nights going into the match .
A target of 274 set for India , bat in hand , Tendulkar shows no anxiety whatsoever .
Or is it that nervous energy ?
He just finishes his hyped battle against Shoaib Akhtar in the latter 's first over with an uppercut for six , and then a flick and a straight block for two boundaries .
Every bowler is dealt with similar disdain .
He has not looked more pumped up before .
And although he misses a special century , he leaves the match sealed in the 28th over .
117 not out v Australia , Sydney , 2007-08
Going into the first final of the CB Series , Tendulkar has not achieved many things : an ODI century in Australia , a century in 37 innings , a chase - winning century since 2001 , a century in any chase since March 2004 .
In a 235 - minute masterclass , he washes it all away , scoring 117 off 120 balls and leading India to the 240 - run target on a difficult wicket just about solo .
He dominates in the initial overs , shepherds the tentative middle order , and stays unbeaten to see the side home .
175 v Australia , Hyderabad , 2009 - 10
Australia have amassed a massive 350 on a flat pitch in Hyderabad , and Tendulkar almost chases it , single - handedly , with no support to speak of .
Displays through the innings how he has mastered the art of scoring quick runs without taking any risks .
The only support comes from Virender Sehwag ( 38 ) and Suresh Raina ( 59 ) , but they both look like getting out any time .
Tendulkar , who scores 175 off 141 balls , gives hardly a chance through the classic .
When he does take risk , it 's worth preserving those shots in an album : the stepping out to spinners and lofts straight down the ground , and the unbelievably late flicks , even later late cuts .
It all ends in heartbreak , though : in Chennai in 1998 - 99 , Tendulkar , having played an innings as incredible as this , left the last three wickets 17 to get ; on this night he leaves them 19 off 17 .
The rest choke like they did in Chennai .
Firing the $ 70 billion man
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
On November 19 , 2009 Jeffrey Gundlach was named a finalist for Morningstar 's award for bond fund manager of the decade .
For Gundlach , the nomination recognized 10 years of stellar results , exceeding even the returns of the legendary king of bonds , Bill Gross .
Two weeks later Gundlach was confronted , fired , and then pursued on foot out of a Los Angeles skyscraper by two lawyers working for TCW , the money management firm with $ 110 billion in assets where Gundlach had worked for 24 years .
Not only did TCW oust Gundlach , but the firm also announced that it was acquiring an entire company -- crosstown rival Metropolitan West Asset Management -- to replace him .
That in turn set off a wave of defections from TCW , as 45 of the 60 staffers who had worked for Gundlach streamed out the door to join him at a new firm that he had opened within days of leaving .
Then things really turned nasty .
TCW filed an incendiary lawsuit in January accusing Gundlach of conspiring with confederates at TCW to steal proprietary information as part of a long - running plot to form their own competing firm .
The suit added a salacious twist of the knife , perfectly calibrated for maximum media interest -- Gundlach had allegedly stashed a trove of illicit material in his office : 70 pornographic magazines and videos , 12 " sexual devices , " and several bags of marijuana .
Gundlach has countered with his own lawsuit .
He charges TCW and its owner , the French bank Société Générale , with pushing him out so that they can get their hands on his lucrative fees .
In addition to his mutual funds , Gundlach had managed what were effectively two hedge funds for TCW , each of which commanded the amped - up fees typical of those vehicles .
Gundlach calculates that he would have personally reaped $ 600 million to $ 1.2 billion over the next few years .
What in the name of Peter Lynch is going on here ?
Sure , we 've come to expect shenanigans from Wall Street .
But even if the mutual fund world has n't been exactly pristine ( remember the market - timing scandals a few years ago ? ) , more often than not its managers and executives have been well - behaved schoolboys compared with the leather - clad ( in spirit , anyway ) rock stars among the investment bankers and hedge funders .
But unlike most mutual fund companies , TCW has always aspired to a Wall Street culture .
In particular , it cultivated a star system .
The company grew by importing ambitious money managers and granting them autonomy .
They could invest as they liked ; TCW would handle sales and marketing .
The two sides would then split the fees , with each manager cutting an individual deal .
The result could be huge rewards for managers -- Gundlach made $ 134 million over the past five years -- but some came to view themselves essentially as sole proprietors .
TCW seemed content with the arrangement and did little to tie its managers ' fates to the company as a whole .
Few of them , for example , received significant stakes in TCW .
That bred frustration in multiple generations of standout performers , who viewed corporate executives ( some of whom did receive ownership shares ) as getting rich off their toil .
So it went for Gundlach , a bona fide investing star who , by the end , oversaw about 70 % of TCW 's assets , some $ 70 billion , putting him in charge of one of the biggest pots of money in the country .
Gundlach did n't just generate steady returns ; he avoided the blowup of the century .
A specialist in mortgage - backed securities , he publicly warned in 2007 that " the subprime mortgage market is a total , unmitigated disaster , and it 's going to get worse . "
He invested accordingly , not only delivering positive returns in the blighted year of 2008 but also earning himself a growing role as a media sage .
His ego grew along with it .
There are few people like Jeffrey Gundlach in the mutual fund world -- or in any world .
A former rock - and - roll drummer , Gundlach , 50 , is a math whiz ( but not a quant ) .
He views everything in binary terms :
Either you perform to his standards or you do n't , and he wo n't hesitate to let you know which category you fall into .
Nor is he shy in articulating his view of himself .
" I was by far the biggest revenue generator at TCW , by far the biggest performer , " he says .
" I created $ 4 billion in value for clients in '09 .
If telling you that is self - promotion , so be it .
It 's just a fact . "
With Gundlach , it 's hard to tell which is largest : his brain , his self - regard -- or his resentment of TCW .
He claims that his recent firing was actually the third time the company tried to get rid of him .
" All three of them were an attempt to just steal the economics , " Gundlach contends .
" And this time they did it .
Except they did n't steal the economics .
They blew it up .
They blew it up .
They tried to steal the economics , but they did n't understand .
They never understood . "
TCW customers , meanwhile , have been watching the blood feud in disbelief .
Investors have fled , with assets shrinking $ 25 billion since Gundlach was fired .
For those who have remained , it seems that their patience is limited .
" I 'm aware of the investment prowess of both [ Gundlach and the new TCW team ] , " says Mansco Perry III , CIO of the Maryland State Retirement and Pension System , which has $ 50 million invested in TCW .
" But right now I do n't believe they 're acting in the best interest of their clients . "
Read the full story on the poisonous fallout between TCW and Jeffrey Gundlach .
In the mood for some chili ?
You 're gonna need three cups of onion , medium dice .
Making chicken stock ?
Two onions in large chunks , please .
And what about onion soup ?
Yes , believe it or not , you 'll need onions for that , too .
No matter how you slice 'em , I 'd estimate that onions are used in a good 30 to 40 % of any cook 's savory - dish repertoire , if not more .
They are the first thing you should learn how to cut when you pick up a knife , and , at least for me , still one of the most pleasurable foods to take a sharp blade to .
In this video and guide , I 'll show you the two basic onion cuts — the dice and the slice — and talk a little bit about the flavor and cooking differences you can expect from them .
How to Dice Onions
Large , three - quarter - inch - plus dice are used to flavor soups and stocks and will typically be strained out and discarded after their flavor has been extracted through simmering .
Large dice can also be used for skewering and grilling , or occasionally for stir - fries or dishes in which they will be further chopped or blended after cooking .
Medium ( half - inch ) dice are commonly used for hearty stews , soups , braises , or sauces , while small ( quarter - inch ) dice are used in smoother , more refined sauces , stews , curries , or braises ; in meat recipes , like meatballs or meatloaf ; and in raw preparations , like salsas and some salads .
When cooked for a long time , they 'll melt into a sauce .
Dice smaller than that are called brunoise and are not commonly used in home - cooked dishes .
You might see them in fancy restaurant dishes , like beef tartare or some pâtés .
Step 1 : Trim the Stem End
Hold the onion steady with your non-knife hand , and trim off the stem end by about a half inch .
Step 2 : Slice in Half
Lay the onion flat on its cut surface and slice it in half , using your non-knife hand to hold it steady .
Step 3 : Peel Off the Outer Layer
Peel off the remaining skin .
The first pale layer underneath the skin can often be dry and tough , so it 's a good idea to remove the outermost layer as well to reveal the more tender flesh underneath .
Step 4 : Cut Along the Z - Axis
Lay the onion flat , and make a series of horizontal slices , holding the top of the onion steady with the tips of your fingers .
Slice nearly all the way through , but keep the root end intact so that the layers remain connected .
Keeping the onion close to the edge of the board in order to give your knife hand clearance will facilitate this process .
( Whether you make these cuts or the cuts in step 5 first is a matter of personal preference .
Do what feels most comfortable to you . )
Step 5 : Cut Along the Y - Axis
Make a series of vertical cuts with the same spacing as your horizontal cuts , again keeping the root end intact .
To hold the onion , curl back the tips of the fingers on your non-knife hand , keeping your thumb behind them in order to prevent accidentally cutting your fingertips or thumb .
Hold the knife blade directly against your knuckles to guide your strokes .
Step 6 : Cut Along the X - Axis
Finally , dice the onion by making a series of vertical cuts perpendicular to the ones you just made , again using the knuckles of your non-knife hand as a guide for the blade .
As you get toward the root end , you can rotate the onion 90 degrees forward , so that the most stable side is facing down , and continue slicing until just the root remains .
Step 7 : Transferring Dice
Do not use your knife blade to pick up chopped vegetables — rubbing it against the cutting board will quickly dull its edge .
Instead , use a bench scraper , which is custom - designed for the task .
Fine and Medium Dice
The spacing of your horizontal and vertical cuts determines the size of your final dice .
For large dice , make cuts three - quarters of an inch to one inch apart .
For medium , about half an inch apart .
For fine dice , make cuts a quarter inch apart or smaller , and for brunoise , cut as finely as possible — a very sharp knife and a steady hand should have no problem with eighth - inch or even sixteenth - inch cuts .
How to Slice Onions
Imagine the onion as a globe , with the stem end at the north pole and the root end at the south .
The direction in which you slice your onions can have a huge impact on both flavor and texture .
See , onion cells are not symmetrical , and slicing from pole to pole will actually rupture fewer cells than slicing parallel to the equator .
Because the pungent aroma we associate with onions does not actually arise until cells are ruptured , slicing pole to pole produces milder , sweeter - tasting slices .
Here 's a simple experiment :
Slice one half of a single onion pole to pole and the other half parallel to the equator .
Place both sliced halves in sealed containers , and let them rest for 15 minutes .
Now open those containers and smell them .
You 'll probably find that the onion sliced pole to pole has a milder flavor .
That carries over into your food !
( You can read more about onion slicing direction here . )
There are also textural differences .
Onions sliced parallel to the equator are rarely used in cooked applications , as they have an uneven texture that can turn wormy or stringy when cooked .
They 're limited mostly to raw applications in which a pungent flavor is desired , like salads or sandwiches , or dishes specifically requiring a round shape , like onion rings .
When a recipe calls for sliced onions , pole - to - pole slices are what we 're looking for .
They cook more evenly , tenderize better , and , when cooked long enough , will almost completely break down , adding body to soups , stews , and braises .
Cutting Rings
To cut onion rings or half rings , simply peel the onion as for dicing , then cut parallel to the equator , using your knuckles as a guide .
If cutting a whole onion , hold it in your fingertips to keep it stable .
To Slice for Cooking , Step 1 : Trim Root End
After trimming off the stem end and halving the onion , as for dice , turn the onion around and trim off the root end as well before peeling the whole thing .
To Slice for Cooking , Step 2 : Slice
Make a series of slices perpendicular to the equator of the onion ( pole to pole ) , once again using the knuckles of your non-knife hand as a guide .
Pro Tips : How to Make the Most of Your Onions
If you 're working with a large volume of onions , to maximize efficiency , work by taking every onion through one step before proceeding to the next step .
In other words , peel all of your onions before you start making horizontal slices in any of them .
Similarly , make all of your horizontal cuts before making your vertical cuts .
It will keep your work space more organized , require fewer trips to the compost bin , and make you look like a pro .
If you want to serve your onions raw and remove as much of their pungency as possible , put them in a strainer and rinse them under hot running water .
Hot water is more effective at washing away lacrimators ( the chemicals responsible for causing us to tear up when slicing onions ) and will not soften the onions .
Also , do n't let onions sit for long after slicing :
They 'll get more and more pungent as they rest .
As for onion tears , there are a lot of home remedies that purport to solve the problem .
Chewing gum .
Placing a candle or a slice of bread nearby .
Chilling the onion .
Most of them do n't work very well .
The only real solution is to protect your eyes .
If you wear contact lenses , you 're in luck ; they should help !
If not , an inexpensive pair of goggles will keep the tears away .
At the very least , a fan blowing the chemicals away from you should fend off some of them .
( Also , it helps to realize that onions do n't feel pain , and there 's nothing to cry about . )
Not sure what onions you should be buying for what purpose ?
Never fear ; check out our Beginner 's Guide to Onions for a detailed look at the differences between onion types and how to make the most of them .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
" Anyone who still wants guns , rifles or ammo should go to Traction Control / Well - Regulated Militia : http://tinyurl.com/2ea4lhn
Still pre-panic prices and a huge inventory and good reliable service .
Tell everyone you know "
Posted by : DAve at December 23 , 2012 02:55 PM ( XDC0v ) at AoSHQ
Prelates hold candles during Pope Benedict XVI 's celebration of the Easter Vigil in St. Peter 's Basilica at the Vatican April 3 . ( CNS photo / Paul Haring )
On the same day the Vatican published a " layman 's guide " to procedures when a priest is accused of sexual abuse -- which , for the first time in a Vatican document , explicitly includes a directive to comply with civil laws requiring bishops to report abuse to the police -- the editor of the Vatican newspaper , L'Osservatore Romano , dropped by Rome 's Foreign Press Club to talk about the crisis that has engulfed Pope Benedict XVI in recent weeks .
Gian Maria Vian , a lay professor of history tapped to take over L'Osservatore Romano in October 2007 , offered a robust defense of both the church and the pope .
Vian generally kept his cool , though at one point he became testy in complaining that the media reads the crisis into everything said or done at the Vatican these days – a reflection , perhaps , of the intense pressure of the last few weeks .
Vian conceded that there were " great failures in governance " that made the crisis possible , but also insisted that the church now has an " exemplary " approach to the problem of sexual abuse of children , and blamed what he called a " media campaign " for tarnishing the pope 's image .
" Honestly , the Holy See is doing everything possible to resolve this horrible scandal , " Vian said .
Vian stressed that he was speaking in titolo personale , meaning that he was offering simply his own thoughts and was not speaking in any official capacity on behalf of the pope or anyone else .
It was a no -holds - barred session , which began with Vian fielding a seemingly obvious question : Does the Vatican have a communications problem ?
" It 's an interesting question , " Vian said in reply .
" First of all , let 's be clear – everyone has a communications problem . "
Vian said he does n't believe in a " plot " against the pope – he actually called talk of a plot " ridiculous " – but said he does see a " media campaign " designed to tarnish his image .
He offered the example of Benedict 's decision one year ago to lift the excommunications of four traditionalist bishops , including one who has minimized the Holocaust .
That move was often presented as a " roll - back " on the reforming vision of the Second Vatican Council ( 1962-65 ) , but Vian insisted that 's not what the pope had in mind .
" It was a gesture of mercy that would have been supported by all his predecessors , meaning John XXIII , Paul VI , and John Paul II , " Vian said .
Vian noted that Benedict released the decision on January 24 , the fiftieth anniversary of John XXIII 's announcement of the council .
As someone who participated in Vatican II and who cherishes the council , Vian argued , Benedict XVI feels compelled to try to heal the only formal schism that followed it .
Vian also argued that part of the Vatican 's " communications problem " is created by trends in the modern media .
He pointed to the decline of traditional media , the speed at which reporting and analysis today happens , and the " aggressive " character of the blogosphere , " with everyone on one side or the other " – which , Vian said , influences the way news is presented .
Vian argued that the quality of reporting on religion in the mainstream media has gone down across the board .
He offered the example that some media outlets have described Pope John Paul II 's 2001 document assigning the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith juridical responsibility for the sex abuse crisis , Sacramentorum Sanctitatis Tutela , and then - Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger 's letter informing bishops of the need to send their cases to Rome , as " secret . "
In fact , Vian said , both documents were published in the Acta Apostolicae Sedis , the official gazette of the Holy See .
The fact that many reporters do n't know that is less an index of Vatican secrecy , he suggested , than media ignorance .
Advertisement
In response to a question about whether Vatican communications need to be better coordinated , Vian noted the irony that once upon a time , people complained that L'Osservatore Romano was a Catholic version of Pravda – hyper - coordinated by fidelity to party orthodoxy .
Now , he said , people complain that the paper , and the Vatican generally , are too loosey - goosey .
Vian insisted that the Vatican 's response to the recent crisis has been " much more rapid and complete " than normal .
In response to suggestions that Benedict XVI is increasingly isolated , Vian insisted that the pope is not " surrounded by snakes . "
" Certainly , there are different sensibilities and so on , " Vian said , " but the Curia is with the pope .
There are n't any unfaithful servants . "
Vian also asserted that Pope Benedict is " always very well informed " about what 's being reported in the press , saying that he's not dependent simply upon the daily press digest prepared by the Vatican 's Secretariat of State , but that he also reads newspapers directly and is briefed by his top aides .
" Nothing is hidden from the pope , " Vian said .
Asked what he believes is behind the " media campaign " he believes is directed against the church , Vian pointed to two factors :
The fact that mainstream media outlets are struggling economically , and " sex sells . "
Hostility against the Catholic church for its positions on bioethics , and for the " international presence of the Holy See , with its growing influence . "
Vian demurred when asked if the present crisis was the greatest to fact the church since the loss of the Papal States in 1870 , arguing that people tend to forget the enormous criticism of Pope Paul VI after his birth control encyclical Humanae Vitae in 1968 and the steady drumbeat of resistance to John Paul II in the 1980s .
Vian stressed that the church 's first concern must be with the victims of sexual abuse .
While conceding that " even one victim is too many , " Vian also argued that the church has confronted the problem of sexual abuse – a problem that afflicts the " entire society " – in an " exemplary " fashion .
Vian cited statistics from the United States to the effect that there were only ten new credible accusations of sexual abuse against Catholic priests in 2009 , suggesting that by now the problem has " all but disappeared " in the church .
He linked that development to John Paul 's 2001 motu proprio , suggesting that the more aggressive stance taken by church authorities since 2001 is working .
I asked Vian about recent statements from senior Vatican personnel , including Fr. Rainero Cantalamessa , the preacher of the papal household , who on Good Friday compared the attacks on Benedict XVI to anti-Semitism , and Cardinal Angelo Sodano , dean of the College of Cardinals , who on Easter Sunday rejected " petty gossip " about the pope .
Setting aside the substance of those remarks , I asked , is Vian concerned that they 're not helpful at a PR level – that they reinforce impressions of the church as defensive , closed , and in denial ?
" It 's possible , " he said .
" If someone is not well - disposed , they could read it that way . "
Vian defended Cantalasmessa , noting his long history of commitment to Jewish / Christian dialogue , and Sodano , saying that as dean of the College of Cardinals , his lone concern was to express solidarity with the pope .
At the same time , Vian suggested it 's legitimate to ask whether the comments had been " prudent . "
" Prudence is a cardinal virtue , " he said .
" Maybe it would have been more prudent not to say it . "
It was nonetheless at this point that Vian became animated , loudly insisting that Sodano 's reference to " petty gossip " was actually a quotation from a recent papal homily that had nothing to do with the sexual abuse crisis .
" The pope can talk about Adam and Eve and original sin , and nobody cares , " Vian said , who became visibly frustrated .
" Reading the abuse crisis into absolutely everything anyone says is ridiculous . "
A few other notes from Vian :
Asked about the Vatican - sponsored investigation of the Legionaries of Christ , Vian said he knows only what he read in a recent column by Italian journalist Sandro Magister , whom he called " usually very well - informed . "
According to that report , the investigation recently came to close , but Vian said he does n't know what the pope might decide , or when a decision might be ready .
Pope Benedict is set to travel to Malta over the weekend , and a new Facebook page titled " No to Benedict in Malta ! " has apparently attracted more than 1,000 followers .
Vian brushed it off , saying that kind of blowback " happens everywhere " and is " fairly normal . "
On a lighter note , Vian was asked about a recent positive appraisal of the Beatles in L'Osservatore Romano .
He said he likes the Beatles a lot , though did n't exactly prove the point when he could n't remember which Beatle had uttered the controversial " more famous than Jesus " line .
( It was , of course , John Lennon . )
Vian was asked about a recent scandal in Italy in which he and Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone were accused of leaking fake documents about a gay affair to get rid of the editor of the Italian bishops ' newspaper .
His answer was arguably the best line of the day : " Do you honestly believe we'd be that stupid ? "
Vian asserted that if the Vatican really wanted to get rid of the guy , there were " other mechanisms " available , and that the whole affair was a classic exercise in over - heated Italian journalism .
A vintage moment came when the Rome correspondent for the New York Times , Rachel Donadio , introduced herself and jokingly said : " Do n't shoot ! "
She was referring to criticism from senior Vatican officials and numerous Catholic pundits of the aggressive manner in which the Times has pursued the sex abuse story , and especially its connection to the pope .
Not to be outdone , Vian laughingly replied : " You 're the ones shooting ! "
[ John Allen is NCR senior correspondent .
His e-mail address is jallen@ncronline.org . ]
Nominate for the Henry Crown Fellowship
NOMINATION CRITERIA
Individuals cannot apply for the Henry Crown Fellowship Program ; they must be nominated by recognized leaders of the business and professional communities or by Fellows , Senior Mentors , and members of the Henry Crown Fellowship Board of Overseers or the Aspen Institute Board of Trustees .
Individuals recommended as candidates for the Henry Crown Fellowship Program should :
Be between 30 - 45 years old .
Please be sure to ask for your candidate ’s date of birth .
Candidates must be 45 or under as of June 30 in the year the program begins .
.
Please be sure to ask for your candidate ’s date of birth .
Candidates must be 45 or under as of June 30 in the year the program begins .
Be successful .
We want primarily domestic , for - profit leaders we appreciate success is defined in many ways , but our overwhelming preference is for business leaders and they will always form the bulk of any class .
We realize success in some fields does not yield financial rewards … we do have limited scholarship funds to get Fellows to the seminars .
We want primarily domestic , for - profit leaders we appreciate success is defined in many ways , but our overwhelming preference is for business leaders and they will always form the bulk of any class .
We realize success in some fields does not yield financial rewards … we do have limited scholarship funds to get Fellows to the seminars .
Be entrepreneurial – We look for a track record of starting things .
With some candidates , this is hard to tease out of a bio and resume , so it ’s important for the nominator to address this in their letter of recommendation .
– We look for a track record of starting things .
With some candidates , this is hard to tease out of a bio and resume , so it ’s important for the nominator to address this in their letter of recommendation .
Have resilience and “ grit ” –
We like to see candidates who have weathered challenges , even failure , either professionally or personally .
– We like to see candidates who have weathered challenges , even failure , either professionally or personally .
Be at an inflection point – This is challenging , but vitally important .
Essentially “ ready to paint on a broader canvas .
– This is challenging , but vitally important .
Essentially “ ready to paint on a broader canvas .
Understand the time commitment – We expect 100 % participation and we publish our seminar dates in advance .
Help us by stressing this non-negotiable .
Offers of “ just missing a bit ” or “ calling in ” are not acceptable .
As Henry Crown Fellows , the bonding process is of utmost importance for each individual and the class as a whole .
– We expect 100 % participation and we publish our seminar dates in advance .
Help us by stressing this non-negotiable .
Offers of “ just missing a bit ” or “ calling in ” are not acceptable .
As Henry Crown Fellows , the bonding process is of utmost importance for each individual and the class as a whole .
Understand the Venture requirement – The Henry Crown Fellowship was designed , yes , to provide a pause that recalibrates , refreshes and inspires ; but , equally important , the Fellowship was designed to encourage entrepreneurial thinkers to step up with creative solutions to some of society ’s more intractable challenges .
– The Henry Crown Fellowship was designed , yes , to provide a pause that recalibrates , refreshes and inspires ; but , equally important , the Fellowship was designed to encourage entrepreneurial thinkers to step up with creative solutions to some of society ’s more intractable challenges .
Not be “ fully - baked ” – There are many business people and social entrepreneurs already doing great things for society and we want to create more of these people by finding candidates who need a “ nudge ” to apply their business acumen and entrepreneurial talents to improve the world .
– There are many business people and social entrepreneurs already doing great things for society and we want to create more of these people by finding candidates who need a “ nudge ” to apply their business acumen and entrepreneurial talents to improve the world .
Be willing to come to the table fully open and engaged –
We look for candidates with a willingness to be fully present , authentic , vulnerable and kind ; men and women willing to listen to differing points of view with an open mind and heart .
– We look for candidates with a willingness to be fully present , authentic , vulnerable and kind ; men and women willing to listen to differing points of view with an open mind and heart .
Bring diversity to our pool –
We look for diversity of gender , ethnicity , geography , industry , size of company , politics , religion , marital status , age and more .
NOMINATION PROCEDURES
Individuals may not apply to the Henry Crown Fellowship Program ; they must be nominated by recognized leaders of business and community organizations or by Aspen Institute trustees , Fellows , senior mentors , or members of the Henry Crown Fellowship Board .
Nominators are asked to submit a letter stating their reasons for recommending the candidate , with a special focus on ( a ) the candidate ’s entrepreneurial experience and ( b ) why you think this is the right time in his / her life and career to participate in the program .
Please include a résumé indicating the candidate ’s educational background , current position , age , email and phone number , voluntary activities and any information that will help us evaluate their qualifications for the program .
Nominations for classes are accepted from August 1 through August 31 , annually .
Due to the COVID - 19 pandemic , the Henry Crown Fellowship will not be launching a new class in 2021 .
Nominations for the 2022 Class will be accepted August 1 - 31 , 2021 .
Please contact stacy.zimmerman@aspeninstitute.org for any questions or additional information .
CLICK HERE FOR A LIST OF FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR NOMINATION PROCESS
By Shantanu Guha Ray in Delhi
Having lighter skin is considered an asset in parts of India
It is being called " Snow White syndrome " in India , a market where sales of whitening creams are far outstripping those of Coca - Cola and tea .
India also has the world 's second most lucrative marriage industry - the first being neighbouring China - that has grown to a whopping $ 40 bn a year spent on weddings , dowries , jewellery etc .
And demand for fair - complexioned brides and grooms to grace these occasions is as high as ever Fuelling this demand are the country 's 75 - odd reality TV shows where being fair , lovely and handsome means instant stardom .
As a result , the Indian whitening cream market is expanding at a rate of nearly 18 % a year .
The country 's largest research agency , AC Nielsen , estimates that figure will rise to about 25 % this year - and the market will be worth an estimated $ 432 m , an all - time high .
With the Indian middle class expected to increase 10 - fold to 583 million people by 2025 , it looks as if things will only get better for the cream makers .
But there have been questions by medical experts about the effect of these creams on the skin .
Brand ambassador
The implicit assumption by many is this : the whiter the skin , the more attractive you are .
India 's skin- lightening cream industry gets ever more lucrative John Abraham , a top Indian actor and model , says : " Indian men want to look better . "
And he should know .
The market is booming like never before .
Launched way back in 1978 , Hindustan Unilever 's Fair & Lovely is the leader in women 's lightening skincare , while Calcutta 's Emami group leads the male equivalent with its brand , Fair And Handsome .
The company calls this brand - launched in 2005 - the world 's number one fairness cream .
It achieved sales of $ 13 m in 2008 - 09 and has Shah Rukh Khan , another Bollywood superstar , as its brand ambassador .
And then there are female stars endorsing similar products .
Katrina Kaif , naturally fair , sells Olay 's Natural White while Deepika Padukone sells Neutrogena 's Fine Fairness range .
Sonam Kapoor sells L'Oreal 's White Perfect while Preity Zinta , once a top star , endorsed Fem 's Herbal Bleach .
If you apply anything on the skin , there will obviously be side effects
Rues VK Sharma , All India Institute of Medical Sciences
And there are many brands on the shelves to choose from : lightening , brightening , clearing , whitening , anti-pigmentation , freshening , anti-dullness and even illuminating .
" India is on a fairness hook , everyone wants to look fair , " says Mohan Goenka , director of the Calcutta - based Emami group , whose Fair and Handsome brand for men was the first of its kind in the market .
A recent study by Hindustan Unilever showed how men in southern states like Tamil Nadu , Kerala , Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka are fervent purchasers of whitening creams .
For example , Tamil Nadu has been recording - for the past year - the highest number of sales for Narayanan , a skin- whitening cream from the Unilever stable .
Another report in the daily Economic Times says sales of skin- whitening cosmetic products were also high in tribal - dominated states like Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh .
" The market in India is huge , really huge , " says a Procter & Gamble spokesman .
Experts say that demand has boomed because of the tendency to discriminate against a person 's skin colour , a practice that is still widespread across rural India .
Steroids
" But if your complexion is fair , you avoid that pinch .
Everyone in India wants to be fairer .
At times it is repulsive , worse than chalking of geishas ' faces in Japan , but everyone wants to have a jar or tube of skin- whitening cream , " says fashion designer Rohit Bal , who has dressed Bollywood actresses and visited the sets of reality shows .
Demand for fair complexioned brides and grooms is at a high
As a result , the products - priced between 50 cents and $ 150 a jar / tube - are in great demand countrywide .
No study has ever been done to discover what " fairness in four weeks " achieves .
Worse , there are several controversies attached to such products .
" If you apply anything on the skin , there will obviously be side effects , " says Rues VK Sharma , head of the dermatology department at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences .
" Very few know that many of these creams contain steroids .
Whatever doctors say will always be a drop in the ocean , as advertisements flooding the market have a far larger impact on the minds of people . "
But companies say otherwise .
" We are not selling steroids and to date the company has not been involved in a single lawsuit where someone has blamed us for messing up their skin .
Our products are lab - tested and we vouch for it , " says Mohan Goenka of the Emami group .
The writer is business editor of Tehelka magazine
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Those who died were reported to be mainly women and children
The governor of Nigeria 's Plateau state has accused military commanders of ignoring warnings of an attack on Sunday near the city of Jos .
Hundreds died during attacks on three villages in the area between the mainly Christian south and Muslim north .
The massacre is seen as revenge for a previous bout of killings in January .
Earlier , a Christian group also accused security forces of failing to stop the clashes .
Nigerian police spokesman Yemi Ajayi categorically denied the claims .
The army has not yet responded to the accusations but troops are patrolling the area to prevent further clashes .
There were fresh reports of gunfire in villages near Jos late on Tuesday .
Witnesses later said the troops were firing into the air to disperse crowds of youths .
Warnings ignored Governor Jonah Jang said he had warned the army about reports of suspicious people with weapons hours before they attacked , but they failed to take action .
We are fleeing our village because we are afraid we might be the next target of attack
Patricia Silas
In pictures : Mourning in Nigeria Your stories of the Jos attacks " Three hours or so later , I was woken by call that they have started burning the village and people were been hacked to death , " he said .
" I tried to locate the commanders .
I could n't get any of them on the telephone . "
The head of the northern area of Nigeria 's Christian Association said he believed mercenaries were involved .
Saidu Dogo told the BBC that fighters from neighbouring Chad and Niger took part in the violence .
" For quite some time we have alerted the government to training grounds in some part of the northern state where people are being trained to cause problems in the country ...
Nobody did anything about it , " he said .
" Many people come into Nigeria under the pretext of [ being ] pastoralists , they are mercenaries .
They follow pastoralist routes to gain entrance , carry out their activities and then leave , " he said .
Earlier , the Plateau State Christian Elders Consultative Forum complained that it had taken the army two hours to react after receiving a distress call , the AFP news agency reported .
By that time , " the attackers had finished their job and left " , they said .
The authorities believe the attack on the three villages near the Plateau state capital , Jos , was an act of revenge carried out by members of the mainly Muslim Fulani community .
The US and human rights campaign groups have urged the government to arrest and try those responsible .
" The Nigerian government should ensure that the perpetrators of acts of violence are brought to justice under the rule of law , and that human rights are respected as order is restored , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said .
' Festering wounds '
But Mr Dogo urged the international community to become more actively involved as , he said , the government was unable to protect its own people .
JOS , PLATEAU STATE
Deadly riots in 2001 , 2008 and 2010 City divided into Christian and Muslim areas Divisions accentuated by system of classifying people as indigenes and settlers Hausa - speaking Muslims living in Jos for decades are still classified as settlers Settlers find it difficult to stand for election Communities divided along party lines : Christians mostly back the ruling PDP ; Muslims generally supporting the opposition ANPP
Q&A : Jos violence " We feel that the world just has to do something .
If the Nigerian government cannot do something then the world has to do something to stop this killing . "
He also blamed local politicians for stirring up the violence .
Acting President Goodluck Jonathan has sacked the country 's national security adviser , Sarki Mukhtar , in an apparent response to the killings .
But the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , Navi Pillay , said the villages should have been properly protected after the January killings .
" Clearly , previous efforts to tackle the underlying causes have been inadequate , and in the meantime the wounds have festered and grown deeper , " she said , according to the Associated Press .
Nigerian troops are patrolling the villages which were targeted on Sunday in a bid to prevent further violence and police say they have arrested more than 90 people suspected of inciting violence .
But residents of nearby communities say they are already getting ready to leave , fearing a fresh wave of violence .
" We are fleeing our village because we are afraid we might be the next target of attack by these Fulani , " Patricia Silas , 30 , told AFP .
" They have been making phone calls warning they are going to attack .
We take these threats seriously .
We do n't want to be caught off - guard . "
Many of the dead in the villages of Zot and Dogo - Nahawa , largely inhabited by Christian members of the Berom community , are reported to be women and children .
Clashes have broken out periodically since 2001 , with competition for resources and political power seen as being at the heart of the conflicts between the rival communities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About Me
Born in West Virginia in 1980 , The Neurocritic embarked upon a roadtrip across America at the age of thirteen with his mother .
She abandoned him when they reached San Francisco and The Neurocritic descended into a spiral of drug abuse and prostitution .
At fifteen , The Neurocritic 's psychiatrist encouraged him to start writing as a form of therapy .
View my complete profile
What ’s on family dinner tables around the globe ?
Photographs by Peter Menzel from the book “ Hungry Planet ”
Come see What The World Eats .
A few years ago photographer Peter Menzel and his wife Faith D’Aluisio started to photograph what family ’s around the globe eat and wrote down what their weekly expenditure is .
In 2005 they published an award winning book called Hungry Planet : What The World Eats .
This project turned out to be so educational that he ’s currently still giving lectures at universities about this very subject .
A current exhibition is held until May 9 , 2010 is hosted by the Bell Museum of Natural History at the University of Minnesota .
As you look at the photographs and see what they spend per week , you can draw a lot of different conclusions about their dietm their surroundings , their personal / economic circumstance and how globalization has influenced what people eat .
A quote from his website about his book :
Today we are witnessing the greatest change in global diets since the invention of agriculture .
Globalization , mass tourism , and giant agribusiness have filled American supermarket shelves with extraordinary new foods and McDonald ’s , Kentucky Fried Chicken , and Kraft Cheese Singles are being exported to every corner of the planet .
Japan : The Ukita family of Kodaira City
Food expenditure for one week : 37,699 Yen or $ 317.25
Favorite foods : sashimi , fruit , cake , potato chips
Italy : The Manzo family of Sicily
Food expenditure for one week : 214.36 Euros or $ 260.11
Favorite foods : fish , pasta with ragu , hot dogs , frozen fish sticks
Chad : The Aboubakar family of Breidjing Camp
Food expenditure for one week : 685 CFA Francs or $ 1.23
Favorite foods : soup with fresh sheep meat
Kuwait : The Al Haggan family of Kuwait City
Food expenditure for one week : 63.63 dinar or $ 221.45
Family recipe : Chicken biryani with basmati rice
United States : The Revis family of North Carolina
Food expenditure for one week : $ 341.98
Favorite foods : spaghetti , potatoes , sesame chicken
Mexico : The Casales family of Cuernavaca
Food expenditure for one week : 1,862.78 Mexican Pesos or $ 189.09
Favorite foods : pizza , crab , pasta , chicken
China : The Dong family of Beijing
Food expenditure for one week : 1,233.76 Yuan or $ 155.06
Favorite foods : fried shredded pork with sweet and sour sauce
Poland : The Sobczynscy family of Konstancin - Jeziorna
Food expenditure for one week : 582.48 Zlotys or $ 151.27
Family recipe : Pig ’s knuckles with carrots , celery and parsnips
Egypt : The Ahmed family of Cairo
Food expenditure for one week : 387.85 Egyptian Pounds or $ 68.53
Family recipe : Okra and mutton ( goat meat )
Ecuador : The Ayme family of Tingo
Food expenditure for one week : $ 31.55
Family recipe : Potato soup with cabbage
United States : The Caven family of California
Food expenditure for one week : $ 159.18
Favorite foods : beef stew , berry yogurt sundae , clam chowder , ice cream
Mongolia : The Batsuuri family of Ulaanbaatar
Food expenditure for one week : 41,985.85 togrogs or $ 40.02
Family recipe : Mutton dumplings
Great Britain : The Bainton family of Cllingbourne Ducis
Food expenditure for one week : 155.54 British Pounds or $ 253.15
Favorite foods : avocado , mayonnaise sandwich , prawn cocktail , chocolate fudge cake with cream
Bhutan : The Namgay family of Shingkhey Village
Food expenditure for one week : 224.93 ngultrum or $ 5.03
Family recipe : Mushroom , cheese and pork
Germany : The Melander family of Bargteheide
Food expenditure for one week : 375.39 Euros or $ 500.07
Favorite foods : fried potatoes with onions , bacon and herring , fried noodles with eggs and cheese , pizza , vanilla pudding
Courtesy : TIME magazine photo galleries of “ Hungry Planet ” part I
[ RJMetrics makes hosted business intelligence software for online businesses .
Follow us @ RJMetrics ]
Let ’s face it : the “ Twitter is Awesome ” storyline is so 2009 .
The rise of the micro- blogging service is old news , and it ’s clear that reporting on Twitter ’s success is not driving pageviews like it used to .
As a result , reporters are treating Twitter like any other celebrity : when the good news stops selling , pray for a downfall .
If Britney Spears has taught us anything , it ’s that celebrity downfalls are a media goldmine .
When you consider Twitter ’s meteoric rise as one of the biggest stories of 2009 , it ’s no surprise that reporters would salivate over any contradictory news about the company in 2010 .
How did I reach these cynical conclusions ?
Well , last month I posted an updated set of Twitter data based on information from the company ’s API .
This was in conjunction with a story over at MIT Technology Review .
MIT Technology Review Piece
The findings were extremely consistent with ones I published in TechCrunch last year ( which came out while Twitter ’s buzz was still peaking ) .
What was different this time was the number of news outlets who covered the report : around 200 globally by my count .
Thats about 10 x more than last year ’s nearly identical piece attracted .
While I considered my findings to be generally positive , what I found remarkable was how many blogs and media outlets chose to selectively reprint these findings , spin them negatively , and ( in a few cases ) present the data incorrectly or irresponsibly .
Almost every writer put the negative elements of the report front - and - center , making it clear to me that many media outlets are pushing a new storyline : “ Twitter is n’t so Awesome After All . ”
Below are a few examples that really stood out .
Partial Quotes
Toward the end of my report , I provided five bullet points of summary findings .
They start out with what looks bad on the surface , but then dive in deeper to reach a more informed , balanced conclusion .
This piece and many others , however , manufactured a “ quote ” from me by taking the first three bullet points ( which make things sound pretty dire for Twitter ) and excluding the rest of them .
This put my words way out of context .
Where ’s the rest ?
Fun With Ellipses
The line below is a great example of a blogger who cherry - picked the most negative sentence fragments from the report and strung them together to support his thesis .
Some bloggers boiled the report down to its most negative findings
Unfair Comparisons
This article said that “ According to a study by RJMetrics Inc. , only 17 percent of all Twitter users used the site in the last month , down [ from ] more than 70 percent in early 2007 . ”
This is technically true , but it omits the fact that Twitter only had 20,000 users at the start of 2007 .
By the middle of 2007 , that same stat was down around 20 % where it has held relatively steady for over two years now .
That ’s hardly a new development .
It is true that the “ Tweeters by Month ” number has been gradually slipping in the past few months .
Apparently , however , that alone was n’t drastic enough a visual so this blogger added a massive downward arrow to drive the point home .
That image reappeared on about five times as many blogs as our original chart without the giant arrow .
Nice Arrow !
Sensationalizing
We were very careful to not use words like “ inactive ” or “ abandoned ” when describing Twitter accounts we profiled .
This is because our analysis did n’t factor in the many Twitter users who use the service to read
Tweets exclusively , nor does it factor in dormant users who have n’t tweeted recently but may come back .
Many writers , however , were n’t so careful .
It was hard to find an article that did n’t call these accounts “ abandoned ” or “ inactive . ”
Inactive ?
Close enough .
Conclusion
There was a fair amount of discussion beneath most of the posts on this subject , with comments landing all over the map .
On social media blogs , readers passionately defended Twitter as “ useful no matter how many people are active , ” whereas general news sites attracted joyful readers saying things like “ I knew it ” and “ Twitter is annoying ! ”
These strong reactions help make the picture clearer .
A negative story about Twitter is accessible to the vast majority of Americans who have heard of Twitter but are n’t Twitter users .
In a way , they validate a non -user ’s decision to not bother with another fad .
This , in turn , puts Twitter users on the defensive , causing them broadcast their thoughts even more than usual .
This drives clicks .
This sells magazines .
Maybe these reporters know what they ’re doing after all .
Regardless of why these stories came to be , Twitter should n’t worry .
They ’re still adding new users like gangbusters and , if there ’s one thing the American public loves more than a downfall , it ’s a glorious comeback .
Look for that in 2011 .
[ RJMetrics makes hosted business intelligence software for online businesses .
Follow us @ RJMetrics ]
Illness has forced him from public view but Fidel Castro is back in Cuban living rooms via a lavish television series that celebrates his escape from 638 assassination plots .
The eight - part series , He Who Must Live is an extravagant departure from Cuban TV 's typically low - budget fare : more than 1,000 actors and extras are used in a mix of CSI - type fiction , docu- drama and archive material .
The interior ministry , institute of police sciences and state - sanctioned film - makers teamed up to tell the story of how the CIA spent decades trying to murder the US 's tropical communist foe .
" As a historical series we turn to a mix of genres to help us and give the viewers more information about the facts , " the director , Rafael Ruiz Benítez , told officials before the first 70 - minute instalment aired last Sunday .
The prime time show , unprecedented in its glossiness , is to run over eight weeks , each episode focusing on a different period .
It marks an unexpected starring role for a leader who relinquished power and vanished from public view four years ago after serious intestinal problems .
Dan Erikson , an analyst at the Inter - American Dialogue thinktank and author of The Cuba Wars , said : " Fidel Castro may be leaving the stage but it 's already clear that he has no plans to go quietly .
By commissioning a major television series about how Fidel Castro outwitted and outlasted his foes in the United States over the past 50 years , the Cuban government is reviving one of its favourite story lines and burnishing the mythology that swirls around Cuba 's revolutionary leader . "
The series took three years , 243 actors , 800 extras and a possibly significant chunk of Cuban TV 's spartan film - making budget .
The inaugural programme focuses on efforts to kill Castro when he was a young revolutionary in Mexico in 1956 preparing to lead several dozen guerrillas on a mission to overthrow Cuba 's US - backed dictator , Fulgencio Batista .
Later instalments feature the CIA 's notorious and much derided efforts to kill the Soviet ally after his insurgency triumphed and he established a communist state 90 miles off Florida .
Some are well known : the exploding cigar , the ballpoint hypodermic syringe , the gift of a poisoned wetsuit .
Others less so : a bacteria - infected hankie , an aerosol can filled with LSD .
Cuban security services counted 638 assassination plots by the CIA or their many proxies .
A retired agent , Fabián Escalante , wrote about them in his book , 638 Ways to Kill Castro .
His colleague , Xavier Solado , wrote a pamphlet of the same name .
There was also a 2006 Channel 4 documentary of the same name .
Cuba 's TV series features actors playing Batista , the CIA director Allen Dulles and , it is thought , presidents Dwight Eisenhower , John Kennedy and Richard Nixon , who authorised the murder attempts .
A thaw after Barack Obama 's election has ended with Washington and Havana trading insults but the US has forsworn killing Castro .
The series airs at a difficult time for the revolution .
Raúl Castro has tinkered with the centrally planned economy he inherited from his big brother , but with little success .
The state is struggling to pay international creditors and ordinary Cubans are suffering food shortages , electricity rationing and meagre wages .
" The gigantic paternalistic state can no longer be , because there is no longer any way to maintain it , " the economy minister , Marino Murillo , said in a recent video shown to communist party cadres , according to Reuters .
With gloom widespread , the TV series may not set pulses racing , said Erikson .
" While some older Cubans may be intrigued by this trip down memory lane , the reappearance of Fidel as a telenovela star will likely prompt younger generations of Cubans to reach for their remote controls . "
Hey ASP Readers !
Yes , we are n’t dead , and we also have n’t run off with the Kickstarter money to buy a mid-size luxury sedan and drive straight across the Mexican border .
Though that certainly would have been a hell of a lot cheaper in the long run anyway .
Here we are , Waynesaw is out !!
Finally , you can delete every single other app on your phone because you can now go the iOS App Store or Android Google Play and download Waynesaw for free .
If you buy anything in the game , we ’ll be donating a chunk of that to support US National Parks .
It was the least we could do after making a game about a chainsaw leveling a forest .
We hope you enjoy the game !
Leave a nice review in the app store if you like it , and if you hate it , we recommend keeping your goddamn mouth shut and downloading Crossy Road .
What ’s next for us ?
Who knows .
Now that the game is out , it ’s a tremendous load of pressure off our shoulders .
We ’ll be monitoring and patching the game as needed , but in the meantime keep an eye here for any updates .
And we ca n’t say it enough : THANK YOU for supporting ASP for all these years with your eyeballs .
Gameplay Trailer :
About This Episode :
This is , obviously , the first comic .
I shot the first fourteen episodes in one batch .
It took a buddy and I two days to build , setup , and shoot it .
Another day ’s worth of photo editing , spread out over a couple of weeks , followed .
My original idea was to present the comic in a series of chapters , each with seven to fifteen eight - frame episodes per chapter .
I ’ve since abandoned that approach since it ’s proven to be far too time consuming .
Zombie Cliché Lookout :
One of my favorite mainstays in zombie flicks is when the local news talks about the outbreak and what people should do .
Invariably , we ’re told to stay indoors until the authorities have the situation under control .
Of course the authorities are never able to get things under control , and our intrepid heroes have to set out into the world sooner or later .
Beer Diary :
Badge Of Dishonor
Contact Eddie »
I like my beer like my women : pale , strong , full - bodied , and extremely bitter .
Where did the idiotic perception that drinking locally brewed beer is patent snobbery come from ?
Once again , simply drinking craft beer is a means toward saving the world .
You know , sometimes I just do n’t get people .
Over the last two weeks or so , on more than a couple of occasions I ’ve come across a blog comment , a letter to the editor , or just plain heard people falling all over themselves trying to prove that they are n’t beer snobs by the simple fact that they ’ve got a six pack of MGD in their fridge or they are buying a can of Coors Light instead of a tap of local craft brew .
This completely baffles me .
I can understand if you have a sixer of MGD in the house because that ’s all one of your friends drinks ( although if that is the case , you should probably think about getting new friends ) or you ’re buying a Coors Light because you actually , trulythat swill ( on second thought , no , I ca n’t understand that ) .
What I ’m talking about is people who have a sixer of shit beer on hand or order up a cold can of vaguely beer - like alcoholic water , and announce their reasoning behind it as some kind of badge to let everyone know that they are n’t beer snobs , geeks , dorks , or whatever pejorative term is in vogue today for people who enjoy craft beer .
But unfortunately for these particular people , this badge they ’ve hung upon themselves does n’t make them non -beer snobs .
It makes them dumbasses .
Although I said that I was baffled by this behavior , I ’m really not , because I know what these people are thinking .
They ’re worried that if the neighbor comes over on a nice spring day or one of their fellow bar patrons notices what they order , they might look like some yuppie elitist if all they have in the fridge or the pint they get is craft beer .
Like having a sixer of Bud on hand or a tall boy of PBR on the bar somehow makes them more working class , more egalitarian .
In short , not a “ beer snob .
” What a load of crap .
First off , you should n’t give a shit what other people think of you ( unless they ’re the Beer Dorks , of course ) .
Secondly , where did the idiotic perception that drinking locally brewed beer is patent snobbery come from ?
Regardless of its provenance , as beer dorks it ’s our job to combat it .
How ?
By going ahead and ordering that craft beer instead of a Miller Lite even though that ’s what all your friends are having .
( And making a mental note when you get home to look for new friends . )
When you ’re at the beer store , grab a sixer of the beerwant to drink , not what the neighbors or your relatives might approve of .
If you ’re buying beer for other people to drink , that ’s a different story .
But otherwise , buy the beer that you want , regardless of what others think .
Because as people see others just like them buying , drinking , andcraft beer , that misguided perception will begin to fade , and those that want to try a local brew but were otherwise afraid of what their peers might think may just order up a tap of craft beer instead of bland , tasteless swill .
Once again , simply drinking craft beer is a means toward saving the world … or , at least , regenerating that tenuous link between popularity and merit — where a beer ’s popularity is based on its quality , not a false perception crafted by a multi-million dollar marketing campaign .
Plus , when we buy locally brewed beer , we ’re putting our money into our communities instead of subsidizing idiotic ads about some jerkoff who ’d rather have a Miller Lite than a girlfriend ( and everyone thoughtwas antisocial ) or pumping money into a foreign - owned megabrewery even as it shuts down malt plants and lays off our neighbors to offset debt from the latest takeover .
Do the world a favor and be a “ snob ” tonight : drink a craft brew .
Red Hat is updating its flagship Linux server , Red Hat Enterprise Linux ( RHEL ) , to version 5.5 providing performance and feature improvements .
This big release for the Linux server leader adds new capabilities — but when is Red Hat ’s Enterprise Linux 6 coming out ?
The new Red Hat ( NYSE : RHT ) release takes advantage of the latest Intel and AMD processors as well as advancements in virtualization and Windows interoperability .
The release of RHEL 5.5 comes as Red Hat is about to begin to ramp up its next generation Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 platform .
“ We overlap on our releases as it takes many years to produce the new version – RHEL 6 – which is currently in development , ” Tim Burke , vice president of platform engineering at Red Hat , told InternetNews.com .
“ Within the coming month we ’ll have our beta release of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 . ”
Burke added that Red Hat will have some additional announcements on RHEL 6 likely coming out of their Red Hat Summit event in June .
RHEL 6 will be the first major version update for Red Hat since the first release of RHEL 5 in 2007 .
There is still lots of life left in the RHEL 5 platform though with a new point update to RHEL 5.5 now available .
RHEL 5.5 has been in public beta testing since last month .
The 5.5 update is the first update to RHEL in 2010 ; the RHEL 5.4 release came out in September of 2009 .
One of the biggest new items in RHEL 5.5 according to Burke is hardware enablement for the latest Intel Westmere and AMD Opteron 6000 platforms .
“ The hardware is of nominal value until you ’ve got the software to enable it and that ’s what really shines in RHEL 5.5 , ” Burke said .
“ We ’ve done a huge number of scalability enhancements for both bare metal and virtualization environments . ”
In RHEL 5.5 , Red Hat has improved workload processor scheduling to ensure that the required number of processor cores is being used .
Burke added that Red Hat also focuses on I/O optimization in RHEL 5.5 which makes a difference for virtualization .
“ In the past , a lot of workloads were not well suited for virtualization because the overhead incurred from an I/ O operation could be as much as 30 percent , ” Burke said .
“ But because of a lot of the new hardware capabilities that we ’ve been able to optimize in RHEL 5.5 , overhead for I / O bound workloads is now down to only 5 percent , so that opens up broad diversity of workload types that can on virtualization . ”
Part of the I/O improvements come by way of support for Single Root I /O Virtualization ( SR - IOV ) .
Burke explained that SR - IOV provides KVM virtual machines with an improved ability to share hardware - bound PCI hardware resources .
New Run-Time Memory Allocation Feature
Virtualization also gets a boost by way of a new run-time memory allocation feature for RHEL 5.5 ’s KVM virtualization guests .
Burke said that when an administrator has multiple virtual guests on the same system there is a need to make sure that no one guest can monopolize all of the physical memory .
With the new feature , memory can be allocated based on need , policy and availability .
In RHEL 5.5 , Red Hat has also improved interoperability with Microsoft ’s Windows 7 , though Burke was quick to note that the interoperability did not come by way of any deal with Microsoft .
Rival Linux vendor Novell has a three year old agreement with Microsoft on interoperability and intellectual property related issues .
The improved RHEL 5.5 interoperability involved the use of the open source Samba project which enables file and print services sharing between Windows and Linux .
“ There is no special business deal related to Window interoperability , ” Burke said .
“ It ’s all work that we have pulled in with Samba and is done purely in the context of the upstream Samba development community of which Red Hat has several key contributors . ”
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
Now that we ’ve deployed the most successful capability language ever , it ’s time to start thinking about the rest of the stack , and one end of that stack is the operating system .
Luckily , thinking in this area has been going on a long time – indeed , capabilities were invented in the context of the OS , though for a long time were thought to be the exclusive domain of specialised hardware .
Some of that hardware ended up being extremely widely deployed , too , so do n’t think this is the stuff of lab experiments only .
Sadly , though , despite the hardware supported capabilities , these were not generally exposed up to the level of the kernel / userland interface ; they were thought to be useful only within the kernel ( with one notable , but not very well known or widely used , exception ) ,
However , more recently it has been realised that capabilities are not only useful in userland , but also can be implemented on top of commodity hardware , resulting in a crop of new capability operating systems .
But these still suffer from the problems that traditional capability languages have suffered from : they need the world to be completely reinvented before you can use them .
Because the capability paradigm is fundamentally different from the ambient authority ACL - based world we live in , no existing software can fully enjoy the benefits of capabilities without at least some rewriting .
So , the interesting research question has now become : how can we move toward this world without having to rewrite everything on day one ?
Some progress has been made with mapping POSIX onto capabilities .
Heading in a completely different direction is the idea of running existing OSes as guests on a capability system .
Yet another approach is to apply capabilities to more restricted domains : one that I have been involved in is the idea of hosting untrusted software “ in the cloud ” , in the same vein as Google App Engine .
Because this software is all new , changing the way it has to work is not a big deal .
But the thing that interests me most is the work being done on FreeBSD , which allows capability - based code to coexist with ( or even be contained within ) existing POSIX code .
This provides a genuine , believably workable , migration path from existing systems to a brave new capability world .
We can move one application ( or even one library ) at a time , without breaking anything .
Which is why I am pleased to be able to say I am involved in this work , too .
What ’s even better is this work is by no means specific to FreeBSD – the same principles could be applied to any POSIX system ( so Linux and Mac OS X would be good targets ) .
Just as we have seen success with Caja it seems to me that this route can deliver success at the OS level , because it allows a gradual , piecemeal migration .
Unusually for me , I have not interrupted my narrative flow by naming or saying too much directly about the various things I link to – however , I appreciate that following links in the middle of reading can get distracting , so here are many of the links again with some explanation …
Caja : a capability version of Javascript .
I have written about it before .
CAP computer : the project that invented capabilities .
IBM System / 38 : more capability hardware .
AS/400 : derived from the System / 38 .
Although this had capabilities , they were not exposed to userland .
Very widely used commercially .
KeyKOS : a commercial capability operating system .
Amoeba : an experimental capability system – like Caja , it tends to advertise its other virtues rather than describing itself as a capability system .
EROS : another experimental capability OS – originally intended to provide robustness , not security .
The first to run on a standard PC .
CapROS : when EROS was discontinued , it lived on as CapROS .
Google has recently sponsored the development of a web - hosting experiment on top of CapROS .
Coyotos : by the original designer of EROS .
Now also discontinued ( can you spot a trend here ? ) .
Plash : the Principle of Least Authority Shell .
This shell runs on Linux , figures out from the command line what any particular invocation of an executable should have access to , creates a sandbox with access to only those things , then maps POSIX calls onto the sandboxed things .
L4 : a modern capability - based microkernel .
L4 Linux : Linux running on top of L4 .
Although this is nice for things like driver isolation , it seems like the wrong direction because it does not assist with exposing capabilities to userland .
FreeBSD Capsicum : a capability mode for FreeBSD .
Whole executables can opt in to this mode , coexisting with POSIX binaries .
Even more interestingly , libraries can spawn off capability - mode subprocesses whilst effectively remaining in POSIX mode themselves .
This allows the transparent implementation of privilege separation .
This project has also been sponsored by Google .
1877 : Emile Berliner invents a new kind of microphone .
It assures the future of the telephone , but not fame for Berliner .
Alexander Graham Bell had already invented his telephone , but without Berliner 's carbon - disk or carbon - button microphone , telephones would have sounded terrible for decades .
And they may not have been capable of surmounting such great distances , hindering one of humanity 's most important advances .
Like most of today 's microphones , early designs turned compressions in the air , otherwise known as sound , into electrical signals .
But the results did n't sound good by any account , and the device lacked practicality for widespread use .
Bell 's microphone , for instance , involved suspending a diaphragm above a pool of electrified liquid .
Berliner 's patent application improved on the existing design by adding a layer of carbon particles in between two contacts , one of which acted as a diaphragm for catching sound waves .
Movements of the diaphragm created varying pressure on the carbon particles , allowing more or less electricity to pass between the contacts .
This process converted sound waves into electricity more accurately than any other microphone could at the time .
It became commonplace in telephones , and even radio , until the appearance of the condenser microphone in the mid-1920s .
Although Berliner 's microphones still sounded hissy , they proved critical not only for encoding speech into electricity , but for amplifying the signal in the wire every so often to compensate for electrical resistance .
Without that amplification , Bell 's telephone would have remained a mere curiosity , rather than transforming the world .
In those pre–vacuum - tube , pre-transistor days , Berliner 's carbon - disk microphones were coupled to little speakers to amplify the signal mechanically over long distances .
Presumably , you'd be able to eavesdrop on a conversation simply by standing near one of these mechanical repeaters .
Bell paid $ 50,000 for Berliner 's microphone patent ( about $ 1.1 million in today 's money ) and began manufacturing telephones using the technology in 1878 .
But controversy dogged the patent , which was eventually thrown out , much to Berliner 's dismay .
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 1892 that Thomas Edison , and not Berliner , invented the carbon microphone .
In truth , neither can claim total credit .
As Bell executive W. Van Benthuysen told The New York Times ( .pdf ) in December 1891 , the idea of transmitting speech by varying the current between two contacts as they are affected by sound waves was common knowledge in some circles , having appeared in published works as early as 1854 – well before either Berliner or Edison ( who filed a similar patent ) claimed credit for the idea in 1877 .
" It was known long before the date of Bell 's [ formerly Berliner 's ] patent that the resistance of a circuit is varied without being broken by variations in the intimacy of contact or amount of pressure between the electrodes in contact , from one to the other of which a current is passing , " said Van Benthuysen , adding that France 's Count Du Moncel had written extensively on the topic over two decades earlier .
Nonetheless , Berliner reputedly went to his grave in 1929 convinced that Edison had stolen his idea .
Before that , he did receive ample credit for another crucial invention : the lateral - cut disc record , whose design is still prized by hipsters and purists alike .
Before that , everybody was using Edison 's phonograph cylinders , which took up much more space , and were difficult to duplicate .
Berliner 's records were used in toys from 1888 until 1894 , when his company began selling records using a logo of a dog cocking its ear towards a record player .
Modified versions of the " His Master 's Voice " logo have been used by record companies around the world , including RCA in the United States .
It now forms the retail entertainment chain HMV 's logo .
The saga of the carbon - button microphone comes as a reminder that while history feels the need to assign great ideas to individual people , their origins are often murky and collaborative in nature , and owe no small part to people ripping each other off .
We could n't find any accounts of Emile Berliner 's first words transmitted by microphone , but they were probably not " Ich bin ein Berliner " – as nice as that would have been .
Source : Various
Photo : Emile Berliner sits with a couple of microphones in 1927 ./ Courtesy Library of Congress
Diagram courtesy TutorVista
Shock : Global temperatures driven by US Postal Charges
The rise in global temperatures since 1880 closely correlates with increases in postal charges , sparking alarm that CO2 has been usurped as the main driver of climate change .
Back in 1885 it cost 2 cents to post a letter .
Who would have thought that as postal charges climbed by 40 cents through the next 120 years , that global temperatures would mirror that rise in timing and slope and gain almost one full degree ?
Ominously , US Post is set to raise the charges 2 c to 44c on May 11 , 2009 .
Postal Action Network ( PAN ) has already sprung into existence this afternoon and plans to produce a boycott campaign of the new 44 c Homer Simpson stamps .
Overworked postal workers are enthusiastic .
Homer Simpson is reported to have said “ Give me the number for 911 . ”
Barbara Boxer , majority Chairman of the US Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works , immediately set up an inquiry , announcing that all future changes in price for US post must be approved by the EPA .
“ We ’ll need a full environmental impact statement .
We ca n’t just let global damage be done willy nilly on the basis of some arbitrary postal expenses committee ’s need to balance the books .
No other government service has to balance their budget , why should US Post ? ”
President Obama immediately convened a task force at the Federal Reserve to loan $ 450 billion to US Post to keep prices constant until 3400 A.D. .
Tuvalu promptly announced they would cut their postal charges in half ‘ just in case ’ .
They are asking for donations in order to keep their postal service running , but are considering shifting to carrier pigeons .
The mechanism is far from clear .
Professor Chrichton - Boots from the Chicago Schools of Economics , cautioned that US Post prices are a good proxy for inflation , and that it may be inflation that is really behind the recent change in climate .
He admitted it was puzzling that there appears to have been global temperature changes for 3 - 5 billion years before the advent of either US Postal services , or inflation .
“ You would think the planetary climate would have been stable . ”
But Harvard social researchers are calling for funding for archaeological digs to find postage stamps from the precambrian .
“ It ’s under - researched ” .
US
Post said this type of finding would be very important but , if any stamps were found , they would be unable to honor them : “ Since at the time , the US did n’t exist , in government , in theory , or even as a landmass ” .
A spokesman from US Post pointed out that the ‘ Forever ’ series of stamps ( which cost 41c , but are ‘ good forever , regardless of price rises ’ ) are anti-inflationary .
They were issued in 2007 which “ may explain the cooler weather since then ” * .
Critics pointed out that correlation is not causation , and “ you can produce a link between any two monotonically rising lines on a graph ” .
The newly formed UN Intergovernmental Panel on Postal Changes called them deniers , while Jim Hansen from NASA pronounced that executives from The Board of Governors of the U.S. Postal Service should be jailed henceforth and also retrospectively .
The Russians ( Pochta Rossii ) announced they would lift the cost of letters from 10 roubles to 100 , effective from Monday .
“ Siberia is too cold ” .
*( As a curious aside , the Forever stamps may have been the US Government ’s most successful investment tool in recent times , gaining 14 % in value since 2007 , while the Dow and everything else , lost over 40 % .
Thus proving that the US Federal Reserve could better maintain US purchasing power parity if they switched the world ’s Reserve Currency from US Dollars to “ Forever Stamps ” . )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 8.4/10 ( 27 votes cast )
From HaskellWiki
If you 've found this page , you use Haskell , and live in Australia ( or at the very least able and willing to travel here ) , then you 're in the right place !
AusHac2010 will be held at UNSW , from the 16th to the 18th of July .
If you 're interested in coming , please sign up ( v2.0 , you must sign up to get network access ) , and put your name down on the list below , along with your IRC nickname if you 're on #haskell .
Also , if you 've got something to discuss , feel free to add it to the bottom of the page in the Discussion section ( just to keep the rest of the page clean and helpful ) .
If you need further information , feel free to email Alex at axman6@gmail.com or Ivan at Ivan.Miljenovic@gmail.com .
What we 've got so far
Why
Because we miss out on all the fun they have up north , and we 've got something to offer .
It 's also a great chance to meet all these people you talk to on IRC , or read their blogs , and just have a good time , while getting some ( potentially ) useful work done !
When
As mentioned above , the date has now been set for the 16th - 18th of July .
Where
We will be holding the hackathon in the Computer Science and Engineering building at UNSW ( Bilding K17 ) , in room 113 .
Ben Lippmeier has booked the room from 1:00 pm on Friday until late on Sunday night , and is looking into seeing if those using the room before us could finish earlier , or on another day .
Who
We now have a sign up page .
Please add your name and email there ( your details will be kept secret ) and then add your details below ( so other people can see who 's coming ) .
Sorry to all those who have put their name down below ,
We might keep the table around , so that everyone can see who is going to be there .
Nickname Real Name Affiliation Mobile # Arriving Departing Accomodation Comments Axman6 Alex Mason Undergrad @ ANU Friday sometime Sunday night Organiser Mounty Michael Mounteney Haskell user Saturday morning Saturday evening Participant ivanm Ivan Miljenovic PhD student @ ANU 0416 195 883 Friday sometime Sunday night Somewhere cheap Organiser
Discussion
Possible Projects
Generic graph class
What : I ( Ivan ) last year floated the idea of replacing the current default array - based Graph data type with an extensible set of classes with default instances .
There 's various interest about this around and I 've done some work on it , but if there 's anyone else coming it'd be better to bounce ideas together about how to define such classes .
Who : Ivan M
Gloss - based plots
What : Either an alternative graphing back end to Criterion that only relies on OpenGL ( through the use of Gloss ) , or a library for plotting .
At the moment Gloss looks like it may only be suitable for bar type graphs , but we 'll see .
( We may look into writing some other library that 's better suited than Gloss , as Gloss is aimed at students learning haskell , and wanting to just get something drawn )
Who : Ivan M , Alex M
GHC LLVM backend
What :
The recent work dome by David Terei on an LLVM backend for GHC has shown some fantastic results , and getting it to a point where it could become the default GHC backend is something a lot of people would really like to see .
Who : Alex M , Manuel , Erik
Accelerate
What : Accelerate is a Haskell EDSL for regular array computations .
The aim is to make it generate so blindingly fast code that the C folks start to cry .
An LLVM backend is in very early stages of development and a CUDA GPU backend is good enough to run some first small Accelerate programs .
Who : Manuel , Alex M
Repa
What : " Regular , shape - polymorphic , parallel arrays in Haskell " , a library for array computations using regular arrays , which aims to produce very efficient code which can be easily and automatically parallelised , producing very high performance computations on multicore systems .
( PDF )
Who : Alex M
Hubris
What : Hubris is a bridge between Ruby and Haskell .
There are two main options - working on Hubris itself ( adding instances for more data types , making it easier to install , chasing the 64 - bit linking bug ... ) or actually building something cool with it .
Open to either .
( Oh , one other idea - using Hubris to export QuickCheck to Ruby directly .
RushCheck looks a bit moribund these days ... )
Who : Mark
Leksah
What : Leksah is a Haskell IDE written in Haskell .
Goal for 1.0 is mainly to fix issues in 0.8 rather than add new features , but it would also be nice to make some more progress on replacing GtkSourceView with Yi. Support for running QuickCheck and HUnit may be something we could slip into 1.0 .
Who : Hamish , Jens
MPI bindings
What : The Message Passing Interface MPI is a popular library / standard used in distributed high performance computing systems .
An old Haskell binding exists , but has suffered severe bit rot .
It would be nice to get this working again , and then try to build some nicer abstractions on top ( such as mapReduce ) .
Who : Bernie , Alex
Notification library
What : write a library for use with libnotify , growl , etc. ( note that there is already fdo - notify and GrowlNotify , so this project is n't very original ; however , a wrapper library might be nice ) .
Who : Ivan
Library re-builder
What : extend haskell - updater to use with cabal - install , Arch , etc .
Who : Ivan ( willing to help out if anyone else is interested ; is not planning on doing the conversions himself )
Accommodation
Hostels
If you 're looking for somewhere cheap to stay near UNSW then there are a few back - packers in Coogee .
It 's about a 10 minute bus ride from Coogee Beach to UNSW .
Shared rooms are AUD$ 30 - 40 .
For something a bit further out , you could also try one of the Sydney YHA hostels .
The Glebe one is walking distance to Darling Harbour , though it takes about 50 min to get to UNSW via light rail then bus .
Private rooms with shared facilities are about AUD $ 80 .
Shared rooms are AUD$ 30 - 40 .
If you want to say across the road from Central station , and do n't mind hanging out with English gap - year kids , then you try WakeUp .
If you like to party then Evas Backpackers is a short stumble home from Kings Cross .
I 'd avoid SydneyCentralOnWentworth .
It has a pretty website but the rooms are small and dingy ( benl23 stayed there in 2009 )
Note that hostels tend to be busiest on Friday and Saturday nights , so it 's good to book early .
Colleges
For something more up - market you could try one of the UNSW residential Colleges .
This site also has more links to hotels and hostels .
Hotels
If you have AUD $ 120 - 150 per night and are n't organised then LastMinute is a good place to find a hotel .
You get the best prices if you book 2 - 3 days in advance .
Historic information
The old " who 's interested " table :
“ Facebook gives people who would cheat , or who might be on the fence about cheating , more opportunities , ” says clinical psychologist Lisa Boesky , aka TV’s Dr. Lisa .
One in five of 5,000 American divorce filings studied by the British company Divorce Online listed Facebook behavior as a cause .
Yet it ’s still surprising that BrickHouse Security says sales of surveillance tools have spiked nearly 2.5 times in the days leading up to Valentine ’s Day .
New York City - based BrickHouse provides tools to law enforcers at the NYPD , LA County Sheriffs , and the FBI .
BrickHouse , a company that seems to be a go - to for TV producers — they ’ve been on CBS , NBC , ABC , CNN and Fox News — recommends the Stealth iBot monitoring tool .
It installs in 5 seconds from a USB drive , says BrickHouse .
Then you remove the drive and let the installed software record all activity on all accounts , including Facebook use .
Later , you sneak onto the PC and recover the damning evidence .
The iBot software will snap up to 10,000 screenshots .
Of course , tech - sector workers like myself have proven over the years that the most elegant solution to the threat of cheating is to not have a girlfriend at all .
A New Zealand mechanic has created a machine that can be used on land , on water and in the air .
Rudy Heeman took the model of a hovercraft and created a floating machine that could also take to the skies .
The WIG , or Wing in Ground effect vehicle rides like a normal hovercraft but once it reaches a speed of 70 km / h , it becomes airborne .
Published online 26 February 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.92
News
Sound - based lasers could improve imaging and electronics .
One of the two new devices creates standing waves between tiny drums .
ANDREW LAMBERT PHOTOGRAPHY / SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
Using tiny drum heads and vibrating towers , two research groups have made impressive advances in developing a new type of laser that emits sound rather than light .
Such sound - based lasers — dubbed sasers by some researchers — are still in their infancy , but they could one day lead to everything from more detailed ultrasound imaging to faster electronics , say the research teams .
Their papers appear in the latest issue of the journal Physical Review Letters1,2 .
The idea of the saser has been around for as long as that of the laser .
Lasers work by amplifying light of a particular colour , or frequency .
Two highly reflective mirrors are set apart at a distance that resonates with the selected frequency , and the cavity in between is filled with a gas that amplifies the light .
As the light bounces back and forth between the mirrors , the gas increases its power .
When the light passes through one of the ends of the device , the result is a beam that is ' coherent ' — all light particles are the same colour and beat in unison .
The maths for sound and light waves are nearly identical , and under the right circumstances it should be possible to create a coherent beam of sound waves inside a solid block of material .
Because sound waves travel more slowly , the wavelength of sound at a particular frequency is much shorter than that of light .
Sound waves of short wavelength could have some extremely useful practical applications , according to Kerry Vahala , a physicist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
For example , beams of sound waves could provide extremely high - resolution ultrasound machines capable of resolving objects that even the most powerful microscope could miss .
But the same short wavelengths that make sasers so attractive also make them enormously difficult to construct .
In normal lasers , it is easy to amplify just one frequency because similar frequencies wo n't resonate inside the same cavity .
But the short wavelengths of sound waves mean that many more frequencies compete inside a cavity .
Those extra frequencies sap sasers of their energy .
Previously , Vahala worked with another team to build a saser - like device at extremely low temperatures3 , but to date , no one has built a saser that could work under everyday conditions .
Drums and towers
To isolate just one frequency , Vahala and his group used a laser to drive two silica drums just a few tens of micrometres across1 .
Light from the laser ran around the rim of the drum heads like a car around a racetrack .
Its energy made the two heads vibrate at specific frequencies .
By looking at how the laser flickered as it exited the drums , Vahala and his team were able to verify that a single frequency was being amplified in one of the drum heads .
When the system crossed a threshold , that head beat with a pure tone .
Adjusting the gap between the two drums changed the feedback between them and allowed the team to tune the frequency of the sound .
A second group of researchers used an entirely different setup to make a saser sing2 .
Tony Kent of the University of Nottingham , UK , and his team began with a tower made of alternating layers of semiconducting gallium arsenide and aluminium arsenide .
When a laser struck the top of the tower , it created a sound that caused electrons in the gallium arsenide to quantum - mechanically tunnel through the aluminium arsenide layer .
The tunnelling amplified the sound at a specific frequency , which in turn caused more electrons to tunnel .
The amplification effect was only briefly coherent , Kent says , but it nevertheless demonstrates the saser concept .
ADVERTISEMENT
Both sets of results are interesting and will probably have advantages and drawbacks , says Jérôme Faist , a researcher at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich ( ETH Zurich ) , Switzerland .
Vahala 's group has created a true sound laser , Faist says : " It is a very clever piece of work . "
But , he adds , the device operates at megahertz frequencies — lower than the frequencies that would be useful for many applications .
In addition , it will be difficult to tap the sound waves from the drum head and transmit them through a solid .
Kent 's tower , by contrast , uses existing semiconductor technology , making it easier to join up with semiconducting circuits .
On top of that , it operates at hundreds of gigahertz : a frequency more in tune with modern electronic devices .
But it is still losing too much of its energy to competing frequencies to be useful , Faist says .
Ultimately , it 's still rather unclear what sasers will be useful for .
" They will find applications , but honestly I do n't know where or for what , " Faist says .
Vahala agrees , but adds that for the moment , just building one is reward enough : " It 's a cool thing to do , " he says .
all info anti-copyright by anarchist606 a-t hushmail.com
I sometimes do a radio show ; Parasite , Anakissed & 606 Goat Lab Radio on TheGoatLab - older shows & newer shows .
Also you can find me on MySpace like every other f**ker !
--
Schnews DIY Guide
Quotes - -
" If you want to know about governments , all you have to know is two words : governments lie . "
I.F. Stone
" The State is an abstraction devouring the life of the people . "
Michael Bakunin
" ... ironically , perhaps , the best organised dissenters in the world today are anarchists , who are busily undermining capitalism while the rest of the left is still trying to form committees . "
Jeremy Hardy
" ¡Que Se Vayan Todos ( They All Must Go ) ! " Argentinian Workers Cry
My Documents on Scribd
Bristol Blogs - -
Me !
nickleberry - Articles and reflections
oldpunksneverdie.com webzine
Blog by Bristol Musician Dan Gusset
Eco and Permaculture Blog
Stop the Bristol Arms Trader 's Blog
Blog of two of the Fairford Protestors
The Bristol Breakcore Scene Blog
Parasite 's Breakcore Blog
A Blaise School Parent : Bristol UK
Founder of Bristolian and co-founder of Class War , Ian Bone 's Blog
On the Level Blog , car free / eco campaigning .
Post Watch - Keeping an eye on the Evening Pest
The Bristol Blogger
Vowles the Green in Knowle
Links - -
Infoshop.org
bristol.indymedia.org
Feministing.com , top femenist blog
Empire Notes blog
Phoenix Insurgent blog
Anarchist People of Color
EastSouthNorthWest ; China News Blog
NarcoNews ; Americas News
Class War Youth Death Brigade
Music - -
David Rovics
Free Noise Recoards
Fruit Of The Doom
Gusset
Parasite ( & Death$ucker )
Tracey Curtis
Rotator ( & Peace Off )
Venetian Snares
The Goat Lab
Solidarity Park
Crimethinc Reading Zone
You 're always hearing about off - season , post - peak times to save money on purchases and food , but it always arrives too late .
We 've compiled a timeline and lots of best - time - to - buy suggestions into one post to help you plan a more frugal 2010 .
Advertisement
UPDATE : This guide is a little outdated , so check out our new always up - to - date guide to the best times to buy anything for a more up - to - date version .
Advertisement
We scoured the net for advice from financial sites , gadget bloggers , and other sources on the best times to buy particular items , ranging from little goods you can stock up on ( aluminum foil ) to big - time purchases you can easily overpay for in the wrong season ( boats ) .
We threw together all these tips , organized them by time frame , and , through the keen eye of one Jason Fitzpatrick , assembled a timeline of some of the major items to keep in mind throughout the year .
Click on the image below for a larger version , and right - click it and save it to grab the 1200 - pixel - wide version for safekeeping .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Want the specifics ?
Here 's the data dump from our little research experiment .
The reasons for these items being suggested in their particular months varies , but generally they 're pinned to getting a better deal when sales are slow , when new products are just about to roll out , or when every single retailer is selling at a discount .
If you 're interested in the source articles for this compendium , we 've listed them near the end of this ( already long ) post .
Advertisement
Winter
Jan. 1 - March 31
Advertisement
Spring
April 1 - June 30
Advertisement
Summer
July 1 - Oct. 1
Advertisement
Fall
Oct. 1 - Jan. 31
Advertisement
Buying and Saving Good Food
Advertisement
When 's the best time to buy food ?
That all depends on where you live .
Honestly , we would have loved to assemble an all - in - one chart and help you buy peaches in vast quantities , then dine on the canned and frozen rewards all year long .
But while pretty much everything is available and fresh all the time at , say , the Lifehacker West office , those of us who can see snow outside are in the thick of basement potato season , with grocery stores stocked full of goods trucked or flown in .
Advertisement
That does n't mean you can't benefit from smart shopping and preservation , however .
Here are some great resources that will get you informed about what 's good and fresh when you buy it , and how to keep it edible throughout the whole year .
Find fresh food
Epicurious ' Peak - Season Map : ( Pictured above )
Click a month , click on your state , and see what 's growing good , plus grab a few recipes for those ingredients .
( Pictured above ) Click a month , click on your state , and see what 's growing good , plus grab a few recipes for those ingredients .
Seasonal Chef : Geared toward farmers markets , but valid information on coast - to - coast food availability .
Geared toward farmers markets , but valid information on coast - to - coast food availability .
Sustainable Table : Pulls information from the National Resource Defense Council on foods you can feel good about buying , and when to buy them .
Advertisement
Store your food
The basics on freezing fruits , vegetables , and meat come direct from the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) .
The USDA 's page on freezing and food safety gives the skinny on freezing vegetables :
...
Most vegetables that freeze well are low acid and require a brief , partial cooking to prevent deterioration .
This is called " blanching . "
For successful freezing , blanch or partially cook vegetables in boiling water or in a microwave oven .
Then rapidly chill the vegetables prior to freezing and storage .
Consult a cookbook for timing .
Advertisement
Helpful , but not super - specific .
Food blog
The Kitchn offers lists of items you can buy in bulk , and our archives offer up a few hints on getting the most from frozen food :
What about meats , both raw and cooked ?
Here 's how the USDA breaks down freezer life at o degrees Fahrenheit :
Advertisement
Sources on Well - Timed Buying
We 've put together a lot of tips on when to buy good gear , but that 's far from the end of the list .
If you 've got any tips of your own on when to snag great discounts and bulk prices , tell us in the comments .
We 'll update this post as we find the good stuff in there .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Inoculating children against flu protects more people of all ages in the larger community , probably because young people tend to spread viruses through physical play , Canadian researchers said on Tuesday .
A young child is vaccinated against the H1N1 virus in Schiedam November 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jerry Lampen
Researchers at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario found there were 61 percent fewer flu cases in isolated communities where children and adolescents received the seasonal influenza vaccine , compared to communities where children received an unrelated vaccine .
Targeting children with a vaccine could protect the wider population , researcher Mark Loeb and colleagues concluded in their report in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Influenza struck 2,326 unvaccinated participants in the 46 religious Hutterite communities in western Canada that were chosen for study because they have limited outside contacts .
In communities where roughly four out of five children aged 3 to 15 were vaccinated , 3.1 percent of the people got the flu compared to a 7.6 percent infection rate in communities where no one was vaccinated against flu .
This demonstrated the widely - accepted concept of “ herd immunity ” -- that vaccination programs can still be effective even if not everyone is vaccinated -- which could have public health implications , said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
“ Before , the healthy adolescent kids were not among those that were highly recommended to get vaccinated , ” said Fauci , whose NIAID is part of the U.S. National Institutes of Health , which helped fund the study .
“ Now , this shows that even though they do n’t usually get into trouble from the flu , you can get double bang for the buck by protecting not only them but the people they come in contact with . ”
For instance , if there was a shortage of flu vaccine , it might be more effective to vaccinate the young , even though the flu presents less of a danger to them , because their rough - and - tumble socializing habits can easily spread viruses .
Last month , vaccine advisers to the U.S. Centers of Disease Control and Prevention recommended everyone over the age of six months should receive seasonal flu vaccines every year .
Seasonal flu is blamed for 36,000 U.S. deaths each year .
Fauci said the same universal vaccination policy might apply against the pandemic H1N1 virus known as swine flu , which the CDC estimated has killed about 12,000 Americans .
“ Now that we ’re talking about vaccinating everyone , this ( idea of selective vaccination of children ) becomes a little bit of a moot point , ” Fauci added in a telephone interview .
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like Line Simulator .
Did you enjoy Line Simulator ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
Did you go out and romp your suby over the weekend and get it all filthy ?
How about a hot new mod ?
Post your pics up in here !
( Please post non-impreza pictures in Off Topic )
EU3000i Generator
Honda EU3000I Handi Portable generator earns the title of being one of the most innovative products of the time .
The prestigious award of 2009 has been given to this product being officially declared to be one of the most Innovative Product Award .
The 1st place to be generated in the Rental Equipment Register magazine , this product has got raving reviews .
There have been industrial products of many kinds that had been nominated for this spot , but the Handi Portable generator has won the highest impression in being one of the most innovative and helpful products coming to the rental industry .
RER editors have reviewed and tested all the nominated products and worked with the different functions of the industrial products to come to this conclusion .
The RER Innovative Product Award was developed in 2003 to honor the excellence in each new product that came to aid rental industry .
The awards came to be given to the magazine ’s selected and most innovative products bringing the best in this industry .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 April 1
Evidence Mounts for Water on the Moon
Image Courtesy : George Dalisay
Explanation :
In 2009 , space missions revealed tantalizing signs of water on or near the lunar surface , once thought of as a dry and desolate environment .
But researchers are now offering this archival picture as further evidence that humans might one day be able to use the Moon 's newly discovered resource to directly quench their thirst .
Found in a pile of old Apollo lunar surface photographs , the picture reveals an object at the far left of the frame that appears to be a drinking fountain , surprisingly close to one of the Lunar Module landing struts .
When asked why no mention of the object was in their reports , the astronauts replied that they discovered their spacesuit gloves were too bulky to allow them to activate the fountain , so they had simply ignored it during their stay on the lunar surface .
Perhaps not coincidentally , this picture was taken exactly 40 years ago , on April Fools Day ...
ACM recently updated its Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct .
The revised Code of Ethics addresses the significant advances in computing technology since the 1992 version , as well as the growing pervasiveness of computing in all aspects of society .
To promote the Code throughout the computing community , ACM created a booklet , which includes the Code , case studies that illustrate how the Code can be applied to situations that arise in everyday practice and suggestions on how the Code can be used in educational settings and in companies and organizations .
Download a PDF of the ACM Code booklet .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 32 people have been killed in floods and mudslides after torrential rains hit the Portuguese island of Madeira , local authorities say .
Sixty - eight others were reported to have been taken to hospital for treatment on the Atlantic island , which is popular with foreign tourists .
It is not yet clear whether tourists are among the casualties .
The local civil protection service was " overwhelmed " by calls for help , a duty officer told Reuters news agency .
According to Portuguese media , the storms were the deadliest on Madeira since October 1993 , when eight people died .
' Ghost town '
The main city , Funchal , and other towns and villages on the south coast are thought to have been worst affected after strong winds and heavy rain early on Saturday caused flooding and landslides .
Television pictures showed muddy torrents coursing down narrow channels and spilling over the sides , roads awash with water and streets littered with debris .
In pictures : Flood aftermath Your pictures
The island 's airport was closed and Funchal mayor Miguel Albuquerque advised people to stay at home .
Trees have been brought down and rocks carried away by the floodwaters , blocking roads and hampering emergency services .
Some bridges and roads have been washed away and cars were swept away .
One woman was killed when the roof of her house caved in .
Some residents had to be evacuated .
Power and telephone services were disrupted in some places .
British holidaymaker Cathy Sayers told the BBC Funchal was like a ghost town .
She said the infrastructure had been " decimated " by the water .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The drains just cannot cope with the water that 's coming down from the mountains - they are just overfilled with sludge . "
There had not really been any warning that it would be quite so bad , she said .
" I think everyone is extremely shocked that this has happened at this time of year , " she said .
Local media say the authorities ' main concern now is for residents of Nuns valley - an isolated mountainous region that rescue workers have been unable to reach .
National response Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates said he was " absolutely saddened and shocked with the images , with the consequences of this calamity " , Reuters reported .
MADEIRA FACTS Autonomous region of Portugal with population of around 250,000 Lies just over 480 km ( 300 miles ) from West African coast The European continent is more than 900 km away
He is expected to go to Madeira shortly to inspect the worst - affected areas and co-ordinate aid .
" The problem requires a response on the national level , " Interior Minister Rui Pereira was quoted as saying .
He said Lisbon was considering declaring a state of emergency in the region .
Regional government leader Alberto Joao Jardim said the authorities were making temporary shelters available for hundreds of people left homeless .
The BBC Weather Centre says the severe weather was due to a low pressure system , and that while Madeira can expect further rain with heavy downpours on Sunday , there is no danger of a repeat of the flash floods .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Reuters / China Daily
As China ’s economy recovers , employers are competing to hire low - skilled workers , but many of China ’s best and brightest , its college graduates , are facing a long stretch of unemployment .
In 1999 , the government began a push to expand college education — once considered a golden ticket — to produce more professionals to meet the demands of globalization .
This year , more than 6.3 million graduates will enter the job market , up from one million in 1999 .
But the number of high - skilled , high - paying jobs has not kept pace .
What might be done to correct the mismatch between expectations and reality ?
How is this problem altering Chinese attitudes about upward mobility ?
If college graduates are not reaping economic rewards , how will the next generation view the value of education ?
Materialism and Social Unrest
C. Cindy Fan is associate dean of social sciences and professor of geography at the University of California , Los Angeles .
She is the author of “ China on the Move ” and numerous articles .
Like prostitution , stocks , private cars , beauty pageants , and McDonald ’s , “ unemployment , ” thanks to collectivization , was practically absent from Chinese life for the three decades after 1949 .
The Chinese economy , no longer centrally planned , has not put enough people back to work .
Deng Xiaoping ’s economic reforms paved the way for the collapse of inefficient state - owned enterprises , shattering the “ iron rice bowl ” of millions of workers and creating the first wave of unemployment in post -Mao China .
Unemployment among college graduates is a hot - button issue in China .
A large number of young people have little other than materialism and consumerism to believe in — a general description of Chinese society today since socialist ideology lost its grip .
Not having a job is a perfect recipe for social unrest .
Read more …
Today , China ’s official unemployment rate is about 4.3 percent , but it is a gross underestimate because of underemployment among both rural and urban Chinese — they may have a job but their skills are underutilized and they are underpaid .
What explains this situation ?
No doubt , the global economic crisis has contributed to job loss , but China is considered one of the first economies to recover from the recession .
Another explanation widely cited in the media is the government - directed increase in university enrollment since the late 1990s .
But even with that expansion , less than 8 percent of the Chinese population are college - educated compared with more than one in four in the U.S.
That suggests there is much room for growth in higher education , especially if the country is to live up to the expectation of “ China ’s century . ”
Instead , three explanations may account for the relatively high unemployment among college graduates .
First , geography matters .
Young people from smaller places and rural areas , upon obtaining a university degree , are likely eager to go to or stay in big cities .
This effect is crowding the labor market in cities like Beijing and Shanghai and hurting the economy of small cities and towns .
Second , globalization matters .
By rough estimates , one quarter of the Chinese who have studied overseas have returned .
Nicknamed “ sea turtles ” ( haigui ) , these returnees are highly competitive and can easily push the domestic college graduates down the job hierarchy .
Finally , China ’s economy continues to be dominated by the industrial sector , which accounts for about 49 percent of the gross domestic product .
While services — the most likely sector for college graduates — account for about 40 percent of the G.D.P. , high - skilled , professional jobs are still relatively few compared with low - end service jobs like those in sales .
Creating high - end jobs and increasing the incentives for young people to live in smaller cities are obvious ways to reduce their unemployment .
But this is easier said than done .
The Chinese economy is no longer centrally planned , and as we have observed on this side of the Pacific , relying on the market alone — even with stimulus packages — has not yet put enough people back to work .
A Terrible Education System
Yasheng Huang is professor of political economy and international management at Sloan School of Management , Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
He is the author of “ Capitalism with Chinese Characteristics ” and will soon begin a large - scale survey of college graduates in China .
In 2007 , the job openings for new graduates fell by some 22 percent compared with 2006 , according China ’s National Development and Reform Commission .
Although Chinese universities have pockets of excellence , they are churning out people with high expectations and low skills .
Some estimate that 30 percent of Chinese engineering students will not find jobs after graduation and that the average pay of the college graduates is now approaching that of rural migrant workers .
At the same time , factories in Guangdong province cannot find enough labor .
What is going on ?
The idea that China is running out of unskilled labor is a myth .
The news reports typically concentrate on Guangdong but this does not mean the country as a whole is short of unskilled labor .
Development in rural areas in the past six years has meant that rural residents , previously denied economic opportunities close to home , now have a choice between going to Guangdong and staying in their hometowns .
Many choose to stay .
Any “ labor shortage ” in Guangdong is mostly evidence that the factories should not be located there in the first place .
But the job market is a problem for college graduates — with the opportunities created in the wrong places .
Colleges educate students , but in China they also give a young person a formal right to move to an urban center .
Read more …
You cannot tell a Chinese college graduate , “ you ’ve invested years and money in a college education , but your job prospects are in your home village . ”
So there is now a geographic mismatch between locations of jobs and locations of college graduates .
Secondly , there is a skills mismatch .
In my conversations with Chinese managers and entrepreneurs , they constantly complain about a shortage of people with the right set of skills , capabilities and inclinations .
China is so short of the right human capital , and books with titles like , “ War for Talent , ” are best sellers in China .
The Chinese educational system is terrible at producing workers with innovative skills for Chinese economy .
It produces people who memorize existing facts rather than discovering new facts ; who fish for existing solutions rather than coming up with new ones ; who execute orders rather than inventing new ways of doing things .
In other words they do not solve problems for their employers .
You multiply this skills mismatch by a sixfold increase in the college enrollments between 1997 and 2008 , you get a sense of scale of the problem .
Although Chinese universities are not without pockets of excellence , they are churning out people with high expectations and low skills .
That combination cannot be good for any country , let alone a country with a low capita income .
Going Back to Mao ?
Daniel A. Bell is professor of political philosophy at Tsinghua University and author of “ China ’s New Confucianism : Politics and Everyday Life in a Changing Society . ”
“ In education , there are no social classes , ” Confucius said .
The value of equal opportunity for education has deep roots in Chinese culture and may help to explain why most Chinese parents , regardless of social background , put so much pressure on their kids to do well in school .
Even at an elite university , students are lowering their aspirations or settling for government jobs .
It also helps to why explain the university entrance examination system — one of the least corrupt institutions in China — is designed at least partly to provide an equal opportunity for all students .
Those who make the cut go on to university , regardless of social connections .
In response to societal demands for more educational opportunities , the government has boosted university enrollment by 30 percent annually over the past decade .
Even in the context of a booming economy , the predictable consequence is that there are large numbers of unemployed college students .
My own students — graduates of the elite Tsinghua University — are also feeling the pinch , though it usually means lowering their aspirations or changing their plans rather than coping with unemployment .
Read more …
In the past , it was n’t too difficult for graduates in the humanities to find highly paid jobs with foreign companies or Chinese financial institutions in Beijing or Shanghai .
Many graduates are now considering working in smaller and less developed cities .
Others are enrolling in graduate programs that delay the job search .
Still others are considering jobs outside of their majors .
One of my graduate students has found a job as a Chinese teacher at a highly regarded secondary school and she says “ with this job it will be impossible for me to make a great fortune but I ’m quite sure I will be very happy . ”
Increasing numbers of graduates are competing to take the civil service exams .
Whatever their private misgivings about the government , a government job is increasingly seen as the best option in economically uncertain times .
In response to the job crunch , the government is cutting back on university enrollment growth to 5 percent annually .
But the demand for university spots wo n’t stop growing and the government will find it increasingly difficult to maintain a “ harmonious society . ” ’
The only long - term solution , in my view , is to change parental expectations .
Not everyone is destined to be a successful professional or government official , and students will need to be filtered at an earlier age to vocational training , similar to the educational system in Germany .
But parents need to accept that working with hands can be just as socially valuable as working with the mind .
A bit of Maoism , in that sense , might need to be reintroduced to China .
Waiting It Out
Albert Park is a reader in the economy of China at the University of Oxford .
He has co-directed several surveys on China ’s urban workers and is currently leading a World Bank - supported project on the impact of the global economic crisis on employment in China .
China has been confronting the challenge of employing college graduates for some years now .
The number of graduates from regular institutions of higher education increased dramatically from 9.5 million in 2000 to 37.8 million in 2006 .
The broader trends definitely suggest that the economy will be able to absorb more graduates .
Meanwhile , the urban unemployment rate for college graduates increased from 6.3 percent in 2000 to 11.9 percent in 2005 , while declining for those with less education , according to calculations based on census data .
It would be surprising if the expectations of college graduates have not begun to adjust to the new reality .
In recent years , many college graduates have been disappointed by the salaries for starting positions .
Some may feel they would rather wait for a better first job , since first jobs can strongly influence future career paths .
Of course , wages of college graduates tend to rise with experience once employed .
Eventually , the costs of waiting will force graduates to accept available job offers .
Read more …
But are sufficient jobs available ?
The economic crisis certainly reduced the job market for recent graduates , but evidence suggests that the Chinese economy has bounced back .
The broader trends definitely suggest that the economy will be able to absorb more graduates .
First , the economic returns to college education ( the percentage difference in wages for college graduates compared with high school graduates ) in urban areas have increased tremendously over time , from less than 12 percent in 1988 to nearly 40 percent by the early 2000s , with no signs of declining , and such economic returns are highest for recent graduates .
This suggests that increases in the demand for college - educated workers continues to outpace the increase in supply .
Overall , the percentage of the national urban labor force that is college - educated remains less than 10 percent , while global integration and rapid technological change increasingly place a premium on high - skill workers .
China ’s college graduates have reason to be optimistic about the future .
College Educations , Needed and Desired
Loren Brandt is a professor of economics at the University of Toronto .
He is a research fellow at the Institute for the Study of Labor in Bonn , Germany .
He has published widely on the Chinese economy and has been involved in extensive household and enterprise survey work in China .
He is the co-editor of China ’s Great Economic Transformation .
China ’s urban labor market is fairly sharply divided between workers with urban residency permits ( hukou ) and migrants from rural areas .
In general , the overlap in the job market for these two populations is relatively modest , but it has been increasing over time .
China ’s emerging middle class will continue to demand expanded educational opportunities for their children .
Of the total urban workforce of 475-500 million , 60 to 65 percent have urban residency permits ( hukou ) with the remaining being migrants .
A majority of those with residency permits ( upwards of three - quarters ) work in the “ formal ” sector in jobs that offer more security , higher wages , as well as the benefits of China ’s social safety net .
The migrants are more likely to be found in the “ informal ” urban sector , including manufacturing , construction and services .
For migrants , one huge barrier to jobs in the formal urban sector is their significantly lower levels of education .
The most recent arrivals from the countryside have an average educational attainment of middle school ( 9 years in total ) , or five years less than their urban counterparts .
Migrants are also willing to take the less desirable jobs that urban residents usually avoid .
Read more …
Estimates suggest that between 2002 and 2008 urban employment grew by nearly 4 percent a year ( or 15 million new urban jobs annually ) , with annual employment growth of migrants outpacing that of urban residents ( 5.1 percent versus 3.3 percent ) .
Indeed , on the eve of the recent financial crisis , labor markets in many parts of China were fairly tight .
At the end of 2008 , total urban employment began to decline and continued to fall through the first half of 2009 , but there are indications that urban job growth is now recovering .
The problem facing new college graduates is neither the economy nor the migrants .
Instead , it is the result of a rapid of expansion in higher education and a serious mismatch in the labor market .
In 2003 , surveys were already pointing to these difficulties .
Notably , women , graduates from China ’s lower - tier colleges and universities , and those with degrees in education , literature and science were faring more poorly .
There were also important regional differences .
Nonetheless , overall there will still be high economic returns for a college degree , and China ’s emerging middle class will continue to demand expanded educational opportunities for their children .
China ’s educational system needs to do a better job of providing the skills that are valued by the market .
On the demand side , other reforms , including those in the financial system , are required to relax constraints facing China ’s private sector , which creates jobs .
Neither of these changes , however , will happen quickly .
CLOSE FAQS
SIZING
How do I choose the correct sized leather jacket ?
Please see our size guide here
The size guide lists the Actual Leather Jacket measurements .
Your chest measurement needs to be 2 – 4 inches / 5 - 10 cm smaller to fit you .
2 inches / 5 cm for a vintage slim fit .
( you will only be able to wear a shirt / t- shirt under )
4 inches /10 cm for a fitted look .
Example : Your chest measures 40 inches .
Drop down menu :
Size : M ( actual 42 ) this would be a vintage slim fit .
Size : L ( actual 44 ) this would be fitted .
You can also measure a jacket that you really love the fit of and compare those measurements with our size guide .
Button / Zip your leather jacket , lay it flat and take the following measurements :
Chest - measure from under the armpit at the seam , across the chest to the other seam x 2 .
Sleeve - measure from the Top Shoulder seam to the cuff .
Shoulder - from the back of the jacket , measure from shoulder seam to shoulder seam .
When you place an order with us , we will send you an email to confirm your measurements , to help ensure you receive the correct size .
( back to top )
ORDERING
How do I place an order for a womens or mens leather jacket if I am in the USA , Canada or South America ?
No matter what country you are in , you will be able to purchase leather jackets from Soulrevolver.com .
We ship our leather jackets world wide .
I have tried to place an order for a Soul Revolver leather jacket , but was unsuccessful , why ?
Please ensure you are completing ALL fields that are required , including where you found us .
You also need to agree to our Terms and Conditions .
I am trying to place an order , but the checkout page just keeps refreshing .
Is something wrong ?
Please contact your bank or credit card company .
They may be blocking the transaction .
You will need to let them know you are attempting the purchase , then place a new order .
I placed an order but havent received it yet , Can I change the size or color I ordered ?
Unfortunately , no we begin making your jacket straight away , so no changes can be made once the order has been processed .
( back to top )
PAYMENT METHODS
I would like to order a leather jacket .
What payment methods are available ?
We currently accept credit / debit cards and paypal .
I would like to use PayPal to checkout but I do not have a PayPal account .
It is not necessary to have a paypal account .
NOTE : PayPal orders that have a different address , name or email address than what you list on your order , may be delayed .
You will receive an email asking for further information .
Do you accept checks ?
No
Do you accept bank transfers ?
No
Can I make payments over time ?
No
( back to top )
ORDER STATUS
I placed an order for a vintage mens leather jacket one week ago , and have n’t received my jacket yet , or any order updates , why ?
All Soul Revolver womens & mens leather jackets are crafted at the time you place your order .
It takes up to 14 business days for your leather jacket order to be made and delivered to you .
During this time period you will receive no updates .
Please read more regarding delivery here
I received an email from you that says Response Required .
What does this mean ?
This means some information on your order is missing ( such as size ) or we require more information from you before your order can be processed .
We would like to confirm your measurements prior to making your leather jacket .
You will receive an email asking for your height , chest and waist measurement before your order will be processed .
I received the email that says Response Required , but did not receive an email asking for more information , why ?
Please check your junk / spam folder .
You may have used PayPal to checkout .
You would need to check the email associated with your paypal account .
I placed an order but it was cancelled .
Why ?
We did not receive payment for your order .
You would need to place your order again .
My order status is Processed .
What does this mean ?
This means your order has went through successfully and payment was received .
Your vintage leather jacket order has been sent to our shop to be made for you .
Please see delivery information here
I received an email saying there is a fraud review on my order .
What does this mean and how can I resolve it ?
You will need to simply reply directly to the email that was sent to you , with the corrected information needed .
Please do not telephone as we need the information from you in writing .
NOTE : We take fraud reviews very seriously .
This is in no way meant to offend anyone or imply that you are making a fraudulent order .
We are simply trying to protect our customers by double checking any incorrect information .
Thank you for your understanding in this matter .
( back to top )
DELIVERY
I placed an order a week ago and have n’t received my leather jacket or any further information , why ?
It takes around 14 business days or so to have your leather jacket made and delivered to you from the date we receive your measurements which we will contact you for after you have placed your order .
Please understand that crafting you a beautiful Italian leather jacket is not to be rushed .
Our shop will be busy making you an excellent jacket which will last you many years .
If on rare occasions we are waiting on leather from the tannery , we will contact you to let you know .
Please see more information regarding delivery here
Outlet orders are jackets that are already made and ready to ship .
They do not take the full 14 business days to receive , however , they can take up to one week for delivery .
If you require further information regarding an outlet order please email .
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
( back to top )
SHIPPING COSTS
How much does it cost to ship a Soul Revolver leather jacket to my country ?
Delivery of our leather jackets is £ 10 within the UK .
£ 23 to Europe and £ 30.00 the rest of the world .
( back to top )
SHIPPING
I need my leather jacket order before 14 business days , do you offer expedited shipping ?
No .
As our leather jackets are made at the time you place your order , it takes up to 14 business days to have your jacket made and delivered to you from the date your order was processed .
Will you ship to an APO or PO Box address ?
Unfortunately no , FedEx requires a signature upon delivery to you .
You will need to list a physical address where someone will be home to sign for your delivery .
Can I ship to an address other than my billing address ?
Yes , we can ship to a different address , within the same country , however , this can cause a fraud review on your order .
You may receive an email requesting more information .
See Questions regarding Fraud Review here .
( back to top )
TRACKING INFORMATION
I placed an order for a leather jacket .
How do I track it ?
Once your order is scheduled to ship , you will receive an email with your tracking information .
It takes up to 14 business days from the date your order was processed for your leather jacket to be made and delivered to you .
( back to top )
EXCHANGES
I ordered the wrong size leather jacket and need an exchange , how do I do that ?
We try to keep exchanges to a minimum by asking for your measurements , prior to making your leather jacket .
Please see our exchange information here
Will it take 14 business days for my exchange jacket to be delivered ?
Yes , it takes up to 14 business days for your leather jacket to be made and delivered to you .
I returned my jacket for an exchange , but have not heard back from you yet .
Why ?
Please allow a couple of days once your return has been received to update into our system .
( back to top )
REFUNDS
I Received my leather jacket order and am not happy with it .
Can I get a refund ?
Yes , we accept returns for refunds .
Please read more information regarding our refund policy here
We would like to know why you are requesting a refund , it helps us to improve our leather jackets and service .
You received my return on Monday and I have n’t received an email or my refund from you yet , why ?
Please allow a couple of days once your return has been received to update into our system .
( back to top )
LEATHER
What type of leather are Soul Revolver jackets made with ?
We use Italian nappa leather which we have found is perfect for our leather jacket styles .
It has been made to the perfect thickness of 0.7 mm in Black , Antique Brown and Red .
It not too thin like regular fashion nappa or calfskin nor too thick and uncomfortable .
It is just right for our slim fitting styles and extremely durable .
This is the highest quality nappa you will find , and we do n't feel it 's right to charge you a small fortune for it .
Even though our leather jackets are Italian , we try our best to keep our prices as reasonable as possible .
You will not sacrifice quality for price .
Soul Revolver leather jackets will fit you like a glove with the true look of authentic vintage jackets .
How do I look after my leather jacket ?
When you are n't wearing your leather jacket , please make sure you hang your jacket using a wide padded hanger .
A thin hanger may misshape the jacket .
Do not store your jacket in a plastic bag or container as it needs to breathe .
If your leather jacket gets wet then do not use a heat source directly on your jacket , like a radiator or hair dryer .
Wipe it with a smooth cloth or sponger and let it dry naturally at room temperature .
If you feel you jacket needs a clean , please seek the advice of a professional leather dry cleaner .
( back to top )
COLOURS
What colours do Soul Revolver leather jackets come in ?
Soul Revolver leather jackets are available in the following colours : Black , Brown , Cream , Vintage Grey , and Red ( as seen on the Fight Club jacket ) .
Biker jackets are only available in 1.2 mm black leather .
The colour choice depends on the style and is indicated on each product page .
The leather jacket I ’m interested in only comes in black .
Can I have it made in a different color ?
Although Soul Revolver leather jackets are made as pictured , please send an emails to This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
and we will see if your request is possible .
( back to top )
CUSTOM ORDERS
We no longer offer a custom service .
( back to top )
OUTLET ORDERS
I have a question regarding a womens or mens leather jacket on your outlet ?
Please email :
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
( back to top )
EMAILS
I have sent an email inquiry but did not receive a response .
Why ?
If you are emailing regarding an order , please include your order number and / or last name .
As we are unable to look up your order information without it .
We do our best to answer all email inquiries within 24 hours of receiving .
We are closed on weekends and holidays , if you sent an email during the weekend , your email will be answered the following business day .
Please make sure your spam filter allows emails from
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Also check your spam / junk mail folder .
( back to top )
FURTHER QUESTIONS
I have read your FAQ page and still have further questions .
If you have an order number , please include it in the subject line of your email .
Order status inquiry : email :
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
( back to top )
CLOSE FAQS
KERRY O'BRIEN , PRESENTER : Since losing the Prime Ministership in 1983 , Malcolm Fraser has made no secret of his displeasure with key personalities and policy directions in his beloved Liberal Party .
First , the lost decade of feuding between leadership rivals Andrew Peacock and John Howard ; then some of the policy directions of the Howard Government .
Malcolm Fraser has revealed in his political memoir , to be released tomorrow , that his disillusionment grew to the point that he considered resigning from the Liberal Party and that his wife Tammy stopped voting Liberal three elections ago .
He has refused to say how he has voted in the past decade , but the implication is clear .
Mr Fraser , a champion of a multicultural Australia and of asylum seekers , also reveals a view in his book , written with journalist Margaret Symonds , that the Immigration Department had a culture of racism during his time as Prime Minister .
Here now is the second instalment of my interview with Malcolm Fraser in his Melbourne office .
It 's clear you do n't like John Howard ; not just in the book , you made no secret of that when he was Prime Minister .
MALCOLM FRASER , FMR PRIME MINISTER ( 1975 - '83 ) :
It was the policies I do n't like .
It was the policies .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Look me in the eye and tell me it was n't the man as well as the policies .
MALCOLM FRASER : Oh , some aspects .
I did n't like the way Andrew Peacock was not supported in 1984 .
He 'd done well in that election ; he deserved to continue .
But by the end of ' 85 he was out .
If those two had worked together , they would have won an election in the middle ' 80s .
KERRY O'BRIEN : What is at the heart of your attitude to John Howard ?
MALCOLM FRASER : Oh , policies .
You know , I do n't like the march to the right .
I did n't like allowing Pauline Hanson to get her head well and truly out of the burrow .
These issues , to me they seem to be fundamental .
If we want a cohesive society , if we want people that are prepared to respect others who are different in our society , I think a number of the race - related issues have been handled in ways which I really abhor .
The whole Tampa incident .
I was at the Kennedy School at one point after Tampa .
I got a message saying , " Could the Australian students have a private meeting with me ? "
There were n't all that many of them .
They said , " It wo n't take long .
We just have a couple of questions . "
The question was : " Because of Tampa , how long are we going to have to pretend we 're not Australian ? "
I ran into this sort of thing - when government was saying , you know , people do n't notice it , it only affects us here - I ran into that sort of attitude in country after country after country .
I had a leader of a formally Soviet - dominated country saying to me , " Look , do n't you realise in Europe we have to handle 400,000 asylum seekers a year , and we try to do it with humanity and decency .
You ca n't even handle 4,000 or 5,000 .
Why ? "
KERRY O'BRIEN : You observe that even in your time as Prime Minister , and I think subsequently , that there was a kind of racist culture in the Department of Immigration , have I got that right ?
MALCOLM FRASER : Yes .
KERRY O'BRIEN : More of a racist culture than was in the broader population of Australia .
MALCOLM FRASER : I believe so , yes .
There are also people in that department who were the very reverse .
But the whole idea for establishing detention centres in remote harsh localities , that sort of idea came out of the department .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Was that necessarily racist , or driven by racism .
MALCOLM FRASER : I think probably .
Ask what would have been the reaction if a boatload of refugees , of white farmers coming from Zimbabwe .
KERRY O'BRIEN : So , what ...
MALCOLM FRASER :
The answer to that tells you whether it 's racist or not .
KERRY O'BRIEN : So where do you think that racist culture came from ?
Was it a kind of long - term hangover from the White Australia Policy ?
MALCOLM FRASER : Well , maybe , is n't there a bit of racism , probably , in a lot of people ?
Even if it 's unconscious .
How many people truly treat everyone else , no matter where they come from , in the same way ?
KERRY O'BRIEN : But I think there 's a difference between that and identifying a culture of racism in a government department handling such a sensitive area as Immigration .
MALCOLM FRASER : You might want to quibble about the word racism .
The culture that made them believe they were the gatekeepers , the protectors of Australian values .
Put that another way , what does that mean ?
I mean , to me , the values which are important to any society , whether it 's a wealthy , industrial society , or , for that matter , a simply African village , if you want peace , security , health services , a better future for your children , many of the values of both those societies are going to be the same .
They 're universal , they 're not unique to Australia .
And if you start setting yourself up as , you know , " Protect Australian values .
Other people do terrible things . "
I 'm not saying there 's not something unique about Australia , but the values that make a civilised society are , I believe , for a large part , universal .
KERRY O'BRIEN : You 've been very critical of the Howard years with regard to its treatment of asylum seekers coming to Australia .
Is the Rudd Government any better ?
MALCOLM FRASER : A little .
But I do n't like the debate , which still seems to be - well , from the Opposition : the Government 's lost control of our borders .
That 's an absolute nonsense .
The Government has not lost control of our borders .
But the Government 's response to this seems to be very often , " Well , we 're as tough as you . "
At other times the Government tries to emphasise a degree of compassion in their policies .
KERRY O'BRIEN : They want to have it both ways .
MALCOLM FRASER : They 're trying to have it both ways .
I would sooner see them get up and argue that we have obligations to people who are fleeing terror .
KERRY O'BRIEN : It was embarrassing for the Liberal Party that it took a Labor Government to introduce definitive financial market reforms and there have been claims that you had dissuaded , even blocked John Howard as Treasurer from making those reforms .
You paint a different picture .
Without going to the fine detail , is there a clear record of what happened within your Cabinet over this issue and what does that record say ?
MALCOLM FRASER : There is a clear record .
You 're right : there 's not time in this interview to go through that record .
So , buy the book and get it , cabinet minutes , cabinet decisions , letters written , inter - departmental notes ...
KERRY O'BRIEN : But did you at any stage go to John Howard as Treasurer and say , " I want it to be a priority of this government that we reform financial markets " ?
MALCOLM FRASER : It was meant to be a priority .
He knew it was my view , the Cabinet 's view .
There were views expressed all along about how urgent , how important it was .
In retrospect - I mean , the committee handling all of this was chaired by somebody out of Treasury .
Probably , it should have been chaired by somebody out of the Prime Minister 's department .
KERRY O'BRIEN : You 're saying , I think , that Treasury essentially spiked your guns on this , that they were more comfortable with a regulated economy where they had more power over the process .
MALCOLM FRASER : They thought regulation gave them power .
They did n't want to lose that power .
And I have little doubt that the Treasury would have been holding John Howard back and probably giving him advice which is suggesting - well , I do n't know what , but ...
KERRY O'BRIEN : But did John Howard ever come into Cabinet and argue strongly for financial market deregulation ?
MALCOLM FRASER :
There was no submission that he brought forward of any consequence that was not willingly accepted by Cabinet on this subject .
KERRY O'BRIEN : So he did n't , in other words , come to Cabinet ever with a broad , ambitious agenda for financial market deregulation , floating of the dollar ?
MALCOLM FRASER : That was rejected .
No , he did n't .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Does it hurt you that John Howard is seen by history , in just clinical terms , as almost twice as successful as you in terms of his length in Government - 12 years vs. seven and a half ?
MALCOLM FRASER : No , it does n't hurt .
It happens .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Your friction with Liberal colleagues since your retirement have obviously produced times of great turmoil for you and for Tammy .
You 've revealed that you came close to resigning from the party at one point , Tammy says she did n't vote for the Liberals at the last three elections .
And you 've refused to say whether you did the same .
There 's a certain implication in your refusal .
What has been the personal cost of that conflict within you , the emotional cost ?
MALCOLM FRASER :
The emotional cost is seeing the party move further and further to the right .
You know , when is this going to stop ?
Where is it going to stop ?
There 's almost an authoritarian streak .
The way issues are used for political purposes .
I mean , Menzies description of the Liberal Party and why he chose the name Liberal : we wanted the party to be liberal , forward - looking , progressive , in no way reactionary , willing to make experiments .
And if you look on Menzies time , I think he was all of those things .
KERRY O'BRIEN : What would Menzies think of today 's Liberal Party and for that matter today 's Labor Party ?
MALCOLM FRASER : Well he would n't recognise today 's Labor Party .
I suspect he'd welcome the fact that they 've changed enormously and are no longer socialist , the socialist left .
Well , what 's that ?
They privatise , they believe in capitalism , they believe in a fair go for workers .
Now , putting it in those blunt terms , both parties would agree with those sorts of the statements .
The debate today ought to be one about competence .
KERRY O'BRIEN : What would your message be to today 's - or to the next generation , the would - be generation of politicians ; those who would aspire to go into politics ?
MALCOLM FRASER : Well , I 'd certainly encourage them to go in .
I 'd encourage them to try and achieve something with their own lives before going in , because I believe that kind of experience is extraordinarily valuable for a politician .
KERRY O'BRIEN : And yet that was n't the case for you .
MALCOLM FRASER : No , it was n't the case for me .
But I also came in from outside .
I was n't a party apparatchik .
I think too many of today 's people in both parties come forward , university , " What party will I join ?
Oh , yes , I know somebody here .
I might get a job working for this member or for that shadow minister or minister . "
KERRY O'BRIEN : All the while working to become a politician .
MALCOLM FRASER : All the while working to become a politician .
So they 've never had an experience outside the political process .
I think that 's the sort of person that we do n't really want in the Labor Party or in the Liberal Party , and we 've got it in both parties .
The Labor Party had a chance to get George Williams , QC , most noted constitutional lawyer , human rights lawyer as a candidate and as a member .
They chose one of the other people I 'm describing instead .
And why ?
Why turn away from that talent ?
What is it in today 's parties that is virtually saying , " Well , if you 're a George Williams or Garr Barwick , you may not get pre-selection " ?
I 'd like to reverse that .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Well , it 's getting too late .
MALCOLM FRASER : Too late for me to reverse it .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Too late for you to reverse it .
But it does n't stop you speaking out about it , does it ?
MALCOLM FRASER : No , not yet .
KERRY O'BRIEN : Malcolm Fraser , thanks very much for talking with us .
MALCOLM FRASER : Thankyou .
KERRY O'BRIEN : And the whole of the Malcolm Fraser interview will be on our website tonight .
The federal budget deficit for March was $ 65.387 billion , which was sharply below ( 65.9 % ) the $ 191.589 budget deficit of March 2009 .
It was also well below the $ 220.909 billion in February , however the data is not seasonally adjusted , but is highly seasonal , so the month - to - month comparisons are less noteworthy .
We are now halfway through the fiscal year .
Fiscal year to date , the budget deficit is showing an improvement over a year ago , totaling $ 716,990 billion , an 8.24 % reduction from the $ 781,391 billion worth of red ink in the first half of fiscal 2009 .
That is a step in the right direction , but the deficit is still far too high for the long term .
Given the depth of the recession , it is a necessary evil right now .
For the month , we saw an increase in revenues of 18.95 % year over year to $ 158.358 billion .
Most of the improvement from a year ago came from much lower outlays .
At $ 218.745 billion , they were 31.8 % lower than a year ago .
Most of the reduction in outlays was due to less money being spent on the Wall Street Rescue ( TARP ) than a year ago .
Fiscal year to date , tax collections are down 3.62 % to $ 953.896 billion , while spending is down 5.66 % to $ 1,670.885 billion .
The Treasury " budget " includes things that are " on- budget " and " off - budget , " with the latter being mostly Social Security .
For years , a surplus in Social Security has helped to hide the true size of the operating budget deficits the country is running .
This is still true today , although much less so than in years gone by .
The on - budget recepts are the ones that are on everyone 's mind this week with tax day approaching .
Those are down 3.23 % so far this year to $ 648.716 billion .
The off - budget receipts , which are mostly the Social Security taxes that are taken out of your paycheck ( and matched by your employer , so the real rate is double what shows on your pay stub ) are down 4.43 % to $ 305.179 billion .
If you are unemployed , neither you nor your employer will be paying payroll taxes .
On the spending side , on budget outlays fell by 7.97 % to $ 1,401.708 billion .
Those are the expenses that one normally associates with governement spending , including the military , the salaries of federal employees from Obama on down , interest on the Federal debt , and most of the transfer payments with the exception of Social Security and Medicare .
The improvement in the year - to - date spending comes even in the face of a 19.8 % increase in the interest on the national debt to $ 201.929 billion .
Off - budget spending ( Social Security benefits ) rose by 8.54 % to $ 269.10 billion .
Thus , Social Security is still running a surplus so far this year , but it is much smaller -- only $ 36.074 billion rather than the $ 71.379 billion surplus in the first half of 2009 .
This report is very welcome news , but it probably will not last .
Much of the year - to - date improvement has come from the big banks like Bank of America ( BAC ) and Goldman Sachs ( GS ) paying back the TARP , and that is not going to last forever .
However , much of the spending is fixed , most notably the interest on the debt .
Federal salaries make up a very small portion of the overall expenditures , especially if you are only looking at civilian salaries .
Declining tax revenues have played a bigger role in the expansion of the deficit over the past few years than has increased spending .
Some of that was deliberate -- for example , about one - third of the ARRA ( the Stimulus Bill ) was in the form of tax cuts .
However , most of it was simply due to lower overall economic activity .
People out of work are not paying as much in income taxes , and small businesses earning less and thus having less income to tax .
This would not be a great time to increase taxes or cut spending , since either would impose a drag on the economy when it is still very weak .
However , we do need a plan to bring down the deficit sharply in the future , and to do so will require both tax increases and spending cuts .
Read the full analyst report on " BAC "
Read the full analyst report on " GS "
Zacks Investment Research
Six cores .
Twelve threads .
A new flagship processor in Intel 's stable .
Here at GDC in San Francisco , the world 's most widely recognized chip maker is dishing out its latest desktop CPU , and to say it 's a niche device would be greatly understating things .
We spoke to a number of Intel bigwigs at tonight 's media event , and everyone confessed that the Core i7-980X Extreme Edition was a low quantity , high performance device aimed specifically at gamers and content editors that simply refuse to live anywhere other than on the cutting edge .
Intel 's planning on selling these in retail , standalone form for $ 999 ( MSRP ) , while they 'll soon be available in a variety of gaming rigs from the likes of Dell , Alienware and whoever else wishes to keep with the times .
As for Apple ?
The company stated that Steve and Company " sort of call their own shots , " and that we'd have to dig at Apple if we really wanted to know what their refreshed Mac Pro would hold .
We chuckled , nodded in understanding , and then learned that this here slab of silicon is a bit ahead of the software out there , with Intel noting that only games optimized for 12 - thread use and benchmarking utilities that did likewise would really demonstrate the performance boost .
' Course , anyone who spends a great deal of time multitasking will appreciate the extra headroom , and power users can always find ways to make use of more horsepower .
Oh , and for what it 's worth , the company stated that this will be its lead desktop chip for some time to come , and if you 're looking for a mobile version in the near future , you can keep dreaming .
As for the critics ?
Just about everyone with a benchmarking license managed to get one of these in - house , and everyone seems to feel ( mostly ) the same way .
There 's no denying that this is Intel 's speediest consumer chip ever , but you wo n't find 50 percent boosts just anywhere .
Yet .
When the software catches up , though , there 's no doubt that this chip will make even the other Core i7s look downright sluggish .
50 percent more cores and 50 percent more threads than the prior kings of the line leads to fantastic gains when serious number crunching is involved ( audio and video editors , we 're staring at you ) , with some tests showing upticks in the 30 to 50 percent range .
As a bonus , the power consumption here is also extremely reasonable , with the shift to 32nm enabling it to even usepower in some circumstances when compared to the Core i7 -975 Extreme Edition .
Dig into the glut of reviews below if you 've got a cool grand with " chip upgrade " written on it -- you 'll be glad you did .
Read - Hot Hardware Read - AnandTech Read - Techgage Read - Computer Shopper Read - Bit-Tech Read - PC Perspective Read - Neoseeker Read - Hardcoreware Read - TweakTown Read - PC World Read - TechReport Read - Benchmark Reviews Read - Hardware Canucks Read - Overclockers Club Read - Hexus Read - Legit Reviews
Fresh revelations have been made directly implicating Pope Benedict XVI in mishandling the case of a paedophile priest in his former archdiocese of Munich .
According to the New York Times , the then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger was copied in on a memo from his deputy in which the priest was transferred to parish duties in Bavaria that brought him into contact with children .
As a result of that decision by the then vicar - general , Father Gerhard Gruber , the priest was able to continue abusing boys , for which he was later tried and convicted .
A spokesman for the archdiocese told the Guardian : " The report does not contain false information , but the interpretation – that Cardinal Ratzinger knew – is pure speculation . "
The spokesman added : " I do not know if any copy [ of the memo ] exists .
But it is a usual procedure that a decision about priests goes to the office of the archbishop .
But it is not usual that he takes note of every written piece of paper ; every decision of the vicar - general . "
Father Peter Hullerman , who was known to be a paedophile , was originally moved to Munich to allow him to undergo therapy .
The future pope attended a meeting in January 1980 at which the transfer was agreed , the New York Times reported today .
The paper said the reason for the priest 's transfer was clear , even though not explicitly stated .
The allegations come a day after the Vatican responded angrily to the allegation that as a cardinal the pope had ignored an American diocese 's request that another predatory priest should be defrocked .
Hullermann had been removed from his previous parish in September 1980 and did not deny the allegations made against him .
Correspondence at the end of that year referred to a formal request that he should be transferred for psychiatric treatment in Munich .
Although sexual abuse of boys was not explicitly mentioned in the letter from Essen , it stated : " Reports from the congregation in which he was last active made us aware that Chaplain Hullermann presented a danger that caused us to immediately withdraw him from pastoral duties . "
It warned of possible legal action but suggested that Hullermann could teach religion " at a girls ' school " .
A report , drawn up by one of Ratzinger 's closest colleagues before the meeting , stated that a young chaplain needed " medical - psychotherapeutic treatment in Munich " and a place to live with " an understanding colleague " .
It presented the priest from Essen as a " very talented man , who could be used in a variety of ways " .
As soon as he arrived , however , Hullermann was placed in a parish where he continued to abuse boys before being convicted six years later .
The suggestion that the pope was more closely involved in the case than previously suggested followed allegations that while he was head of the congregation in Rome in the mid-1990s , he acceded to a plea from an American priest , Father Lawrence Murphy , not to be disciplined or defrocked for abusing as many as 200 deaf boys at a school where the chaplain taught between 1950 and 1974 .
Murphy died a few months later and there have been allegations that earlier bishops in his US diocese had ignored the complaints against him and that the diocese tried to hush the matter up .
The continuing and spreading allegations are devastating for the authority and reputation of the church – the world 's largest Christian denomination , with more than 1 billion adherents .
Previously the Vatican has denied accusations that it has covered up systemic abuse by priests in many countries for decades in the interests of protecting its reputation .
It formerly blamed a handful of perverted priests and even suggested that abuse was a problem of the church in " Anglo - Saxon " countries , including the Irish diaspora .
The pope has apologised for the way the church handled allegations without accepting any personal responsibility for his actions in Munich nor during his 24 years as head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in Rome .
But the accusations are getting closer to him all the time .
The Vatican 's spokesman , attempting to stem the relentless tide of allegations that the church – and now the pope himself – covered up or dismissed complaints against clergy paedophiles in the 1980s and 90s , complained about an " obvious and ignoble attempt to strike at all costs Benedict and his closest collaborators " .
A statement published in the official Vatican daily paper , L'Osservatore Romano , said : " The prevalent tendency in the media is to gloss over the facts and force interpretations with the aim of spreading an image of the Catholic church almost as if it were the only [ institution ] responsible for sexual abuses . "
Meanwhile , speculation is rife that Cardinal Seán Brady , the head of the Catholic church in Ireland , will shortly offer his resignation following accusations that as a young priest he took part in a cover - up and the silencing of victims of a paedophile priest there .
The cardinal has apologised , but has so far resisted calls that he should go .
Jorge Alvarado ( Image credit : Bahati Foundation )
Bahati Foundation rider Jorge Alvarado was tragically killed while training in California on Thursday , Rahsaan Bahati revealed on his Facebook page .
Local media reported that a rider was hit by a mid-size sedan while riding in San Bernardino County .
The news was also confirmed by the team .
The accident occurred at 9:52 a.m. near Greenspot and Santa Ana Truck Roads and police closed the road for most of the day as they investigated the accident .
Alvarado was originally from Mexico and was one of five amateur riders added to the Bahati Foundation team for the 2010 season .
Want to know how Google is about to change your life ?
Stop by the Ouagadougou conference room on a Thursday morning .
It is here , at the Mountain View , California , headquarters of the world ’s most powerful Internet company , that a room filled with three dozen engineers , product managers , and executives figure out how to make their search engine even smarter .
This year , Google will introduce 550 or so improvements to its fabled algorithm , and each will be determined at a gathering just like this one .
The decisions made at the weekly Search Quality Launch Meeting will wind up affecting the results you get when you use Google ’s search engine to look for anything — “ Samsung SF - 755 p printer , ” “ Ed Hardy MySpace layouts , ” or maybe even “ capital Burkina Faso , ” which just happens to share its name with this conference room .
Udi Manber , Google ’s head of search since 2006 , leads the proceedings .
One by one , potential modifications are introduced , along with the results of months of testing in various countries and multiple languages .
A screen displays side - by - side results of sample queries before and after the change .
Following one example — a search for “ guitar center wah - wah ” — Manber cries out , “ I did that search ! ”
You might think that after a solid decade of search - market dominance , Google could relax .
After all , it holds a commanding 65 percent market share and is still the only company whose name is synonymous with the verb search .
But just as Google is n’t ready to rest on its laurels , its competitors are n’t ready to concede defeat .
For years , the Silicon Valley monolith has used its mysterious , seemingly omniscient algorithm to , as its mission statement puts it , “ organize the world ’s information . ”
But over the past five years , a slew of companies have challenged Google ’s central premise : that a single search engine , through technological wizardry and constant refinement , can satisfy any possible query .
Facebook launched an early attack with its implication that some people would rather get information from their friends than from an anonymous formula .
Twitter ’s ability to parse its constant stream of updates introduced the concept of real - time search , a way of tapping into the latest chatter and conversation as it unfolds .
Yelp helps people find restaurants , dry cleaners , and babysitters by crowdsourcing the ratings .
None of these upstarts individually presents much of a threat , but together they hint at a wide - open , messier future of search — one that is n’t dominated by a single engine but rather incorporates a grab bag of services .
Still , the biggest threat to Google can be found 850 miles to the north : Bing .
Microsoft ’s revamped and rebranded search engine — with a name that evokes discovery , a famous crooner , or Tony Soprano ’s strip joint — launched last June to surprisingly upbeat reviews .
( The Wall Street Journal called it “ more inviting than Google . ” )
The new look , along with a $ 100 million ad campaign , helped boost Microsoft ’s share of the US search market from 8 percent to about 11 — a number that will more than double once regulators approve a deal to make Bing the search provider for Yahoo .
Team Bing has been focusing on unique instances where Google ’s algorithms do n’t always satisfy .
For example , while Google does a great job of searching the public Web , it does n’t have real - time access to the byzantine and constantly changing array of flight schedules and fares .
So Microsoft purchased Farecast — a
Web site that tracks airline fares over time and uses the data to predict when ticket prices will rise or fall — and incorporated its findings into Bing ’s results .
Microsoft made similar acquisitions in the health , reference , and shopping sectors , areas where it felt Google ’s algorithm fell short .
Even the Bingers confess that , when it comes to the simple task of taking a search term and returning relevant results , Google is still miles ahead .
But they also think that if they can come up with a few areas where Bing excels , people will get used to tapping a different search engine for some kinds of queries .
“ The algorithm is extremely important in search , but it ’s not the only thing , ” says Brian MacDonald , Microsoft ’s VP of core search .
“ You buy a car for reasons beyond just the engine . ”
Google ’s response can be summed up in four words : mike siwek lawyer mi .
Amit Singhal types that koan into his company ’s search box .
Singhal , a gentle man in his forties , is a Google Fellow , an honorific bestowed upon him four years ago to reward his rewrite of the search engine in 2001 .
He jabs the Enter key .
In a time span best measured in a hummingbird ’s wing - flaps , a page of links appears .
The top result connects to a listing for an attorney named Michael Siwek in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
It ’s a fairly innocuous search — the kind that Google ’s servers handle billions of times a day — but it is deceptively complicated .
Type those same words into Bing , for instance , and the first result is a page about the NFL draft that includes safety Lawyer Milloy .
Several pages into the results , there ’s no direct referral to Siwek .
The comparison demonstrates the power , even intelligence , of Google ’s algorithm , honed over countless iterations .
It possesses the seemingly magical ability to interpret searchers ’ requests — no matter how awkward or misspelled .
Google refers to that ability as search quality , and for years the company has closely guarded the process by which it delivers such accurate results .
But now I am sitting with Singhal in the search giant ’s Building 43 , where the core search team works , because Google has offered to give me an unprecedented look at just how it attains search quality .
The subtext is clear :
You may think the algorithm is little more than an engine , but wait until you get under the hood and see what this baby can really do .
Key Advances in
Google Search
Google ’s search algorithm is a work in progress — constantly tweaked and refined to return higher - quality results .
Here are some of the most significant additions and adaptations since the dawn of PageRank .
— Steven Levy
Backrub
[ September 1997 ]
This search engine , which had run on Stanford ’s servers for almost two years , is renamed Google .
Its breakthrough innovation : ranking searches based on the number and quality of incoming links .
New algorithm
[ August 2001 ]
The search algorithm is completely revamped to incorporate additional ranking criteria more easily .
Local connectivity analysis
[ February 2003 ]
Google ’s first patent is granted for this feature , which gives more weight to links from authoritative sites .
Fritz
[ Summer 2003 ]
This initiative allows Google to update its index constantly , instead of in big batches .
Personalized results
[ June 2005 ]
Users can choose to let Google mine their own search behavior to provide individualized results .
Bigdaddy
[ December 2005 ]
Engine update allows for more - comprehensive Web crawling .
Universal search
[ May 2007 ] Building on Image Search , Google News , and Book Search , the new Universal Search allows users to get links to any medium on the same results page .
Real - Time Search
[ December 2009 ]
Displays results from Twitter and blogs as they are published .
The story of Google ’s algorithm begins with PageRank , the system invented in 1997 by cofounder Larry Page while he was a grad student at Stanford .
Page ’s now legendary insight was to rate pages based on the number and importance of links that pointed to them — to use the collective intelligence of the Web itself to determine which sites were most relevant .
It was a simple and powerful concept , and — as Google quickly became the most successful search engine on the Web — Page and cofounder Sergey Brin credited PageRank as their company ’s fundamental innovation .
But that was n’t the whole story .
“ People hold on to PageRank because it ’s recognizable , ” Manber says .
“ But there were many other things that improved the relevancy . ”
These involve the exploitation of certain signals , contextual clues that help the search engine rank the millions of possible results to any query , ensuring that the most useful ones float to the top .
Web search is a multipart process .
First , Google crawls the Web to collect the contents of every accessible site .
This data is broken down into an index ( organized by word , just like the index of a textbook ) , a way of finding any page based on its content .
Every time a user types a query , the index is combed for relevant pages , returning a list that commonly numbers in the hundreds of thousands , or millions .
The trickiest part , though , is the ranking process — determining which of those pages belong at the top of the list .
That ’s where the contextual signals come in .
All search engines incorporate them , but none has added as many or made use of them as skillfully as Google has .
PageRank itself is a signal , an attribute of a Web page ( in this case , its importance relative to the rest of the Web ) that can be used to help determine relevance .
Some of the signals now seem obvious .
Early on , Google ’s algorithm gave special consideration to the title on a Web page — clearly an important signal for determining relevance .
Another key technique exploited anchor text , the words that make up the actual hyperlink connecting one page to another .
As a result , “ when you did a search , the right page would come up , even if the page did n’t include the actual words you were searching for , ” says Scott Hassan , an early Google architect who worked with Page and Brin at Stanford .
“ That was pretty cool . ”
Later signals included attributes like freshness ( for certain queries , pages created more recently may be more valuable than older ones ) and location ( Google knows the rough geographic coordinates of searchers and favors local results ) .
The search engine currently uses more than 200 signals to help rank its results .
Google ’s engineers have discovered that some of the most important signals can come from Google itself .
PageRank has been celebrated as instituting a measure of populism into search engines : the democracy of millions of people deciding what to link to on the Web .
But Singhal notes that the engineers in Building 43 are exploiting another democracy — the hundreds of millions who search on Google .
The data people generate when they search — what results they click on , what words they replace in the query when they ’re unsatisfied , how their queries match with their physical locations — turns out to be an invaluable resource in discovering new signals and improving the relevance of results .
The most direct example of this process is what Google calls personalized search — a feature that uses someone ’s search history and location as signals to determine what kind of results they ’ll find useful .
1
But more generally , Google has used its huge mass of collected data to bolster its algorithm with an amazingly deep knowledge base that helps interpret the complex intent of cryptic queries .
Take , for instance , the way Google ’s engine learns which words are synonyms .
“ We discovered a nifty thing very early on , ” Singhal says .
“ People change words in their queries .
So someone would say , ‘ pictures of dogs , ’ and then they ’d say , ‘ pictures of puppies . ’
So that told us that maybe ‘ dogs ’ and ‘ puppies ’ were interchangeable .
We also learned that when you boil water , it ’s hot water .
We were relearning semantics from humans , and that was a great advance . ”
But there were obstacles .
Google ’s synonym system understood that a dog was similar to a puppy and that boiling water was hot .
But it also concluded that a hot dog was the same as a boiling puppy .
The problem was fixed in late 2002 by a breakthrough based on philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein ’s theories about how words are defined by context .
As Google crawled and archived billions of documents and Web pages , it analyzed what words were close to each other .
“ Hot dog ” would be found in searches that also contained “ bread ” and “ mustard ” and “ baseball games ” — not poached pooches .
That helped the algorithm understand what “ hot dog ” — and millions of other terms — meant .
“ Today , if you type ‘ Gandhi bio , ’ we know that bio means biography , ” Singhal says .
“ And if you type ‘ bio warfare , ’ it means biological . ”
Throughout its history , Google has devised ways of adding more signals , all without disrupting its users ’ core experience .
Every couple of years there ’s a major change in the system — sort of equivalent to a new version of Windows — that ’s a big deal in Mountain View but not discussed publicly .
“ Our job is to basically change the engines on a plane that is flying at 1,000 kilometers an hour , 30,000 feet above Earth , ” Singhal says .
In 2001 , to accommodate the rapid growth of the Web , Singhal essentially revised Page and Brin ’s original algorithm completely , enabling the system to incorporate new signals quickly .
( One of the first signals on the new system distinguished between commercial and noncommercial pages , providing better results for searchers who want to shop . )
That same year , an engineer named Krishna Bharat , figuring that links from recognized authorities should carry more weight , devised a powerful signal that confers extra credibility to references from experts ’ sites .
( It would become Google ’s first patent . )
The most recent major change , codenamed Caffeine , revamped the entire indexing system to make it even easier for engineers to add signals .
Google is famously creative at encouraging these breakthroughs ; every year , it holds an internal demo fair called CSI — Crazy Search Ideas — in an attempt to spark offbeat but productive approaches .
But for the most part , the improvement process is a relentless slog , grinding through bad results to determine what is n’t working .
One unsuccessful search became a legend : Sometime in 2001 , Singhal learned of poor results when people typed the name “ audrey fino ” into the search box .
Google kept returning Italian sites praising Audrey Hepburn .
( Fino means fine in Italian . )
“ We realized that this is actually a person ’s name , ” Singhal says .
“ But we did n’t have the smarts in the system . ”
The Audrey Fino failure led Singhal on a multiyear quest to improve the way the system deals with names — which account for 8 percent of all searches .
To crack it , he had to master the black art of “ bi- gram breakage ” — that is , separating multiple words into discrete units .
For instance , “ new york ” represents two words that go together ( a bi-gram ) .
But so would the three words in “ new york times , ” which clearly indicate a different kind of search .
And everything changes when the query is “ new york times square . ”
Humans can make these distinctions instantly , but Google does not have a Brazil - like back room with hundreds of thousands of cubicle jockeys .
It relies on algorithms .
The Mike Siwek query illustrates how Google accomplishes this .
When Singhal types in a command to expose a layer of code underneath each search result , it ’s clear which signals determine the selection of the top links : a bi-gram connection to figure it ’s a name ; a synonym ; a geographic location .
“ Deconstruct this query from an engineer ’s point of view , ” Singhal explains .
“ We say , ‘ Aha !
We can break this here ! ’
We figure that lawyer is not a last name and Siwek is not a middle name .
And by the way , lawyer is not a town in Michigan .
A lawyer is an attorney . ”
This is the hard - won realization from inside the Google search engine , culled from the data generated by billions of searches : a rock is a rock .
It ’s also a stone , and it could be a boulder .
Spell it “ rokc ” and it ’s still a rock .
But put “ little ” in front of it and it ’s the capital of Arkansas .
Which is not an ark .
Unless Noah is around .
“ The holy grail of search is to understand what the user wants , ” Singhal says .
“ Then you are not matching words ; you are actually trying to match meaning . ”
And Google keeps improving .
Recently , search engineer Maureen Heymans discovered a problem with “ Cindy Louise Greenslade . ”
The algorithm figured out that it should look for a person — in this case a psychologist in Garden Grove , California — but it failed to place Greenslade ’s homepage in the top 10 results .
Heymans found that , in essence , Google had downgraded the relevance of her homepage because Greenslade used only her middle initial , not her full middle name as in the query .
“ We needed to be smarter than that , ” Heymans says .
So she added a signal that looks for middle initials .
Now Greenslade ’s homepage is the fifth result .
At any moment , dozens of these changes are going through a well - oiled testing process .
Google employs hundreds of people around the world to sit at their home computer and judge results for various queries , marking whether the tweaks return better or worse results than before .
But Google also has a larger army of testers — its billions of users , virtually all of whom are unwittingly participating in its constant quality experiments .
Every time engineers want to test a tweak , they run the new algorithm on a tiny percentage of random users , letting the rest of the site ’s searchers serve as a massive control group .
There are so many changes to measure that Google has discarded the traditional scientific nostrum that only one experiment should be conducted at a time .
“ On most Google queries , you ’re actually in multiple control or experimental groups simultaneously , ” says search quality engineer Patrick Riley .
Then he corrects himself .
“ Essentially , ” he says , “ all the queries are involved in some test . ”
In other words , just about every time you search on Google , you ’re a lab rat .
This flexibility — the ability to add signals , tweak the underlying code , and instantly test the results — is why Googlers say they can withstand any competition from Bing or Twitter or Facebook .
Indeed , in the last six months Google has made more than 200 improvements , some of which seem to mimic — even outdo — the offerings of its competitors .
( Google says this is just a coincidence and points out that it has been adding features routinely for years . )
One is real - time search , eagerly awaited since Page opined some months ago that Google should be scanning the entire Web every second .
When someone queries a subject of current interest , among the 10 blue links Google now puts a “ latest results ” box : a scrolling set of just - produced posts from news sources , blogs , or tweets .
Once again , Google uses signals to ensure that only the most relevant tweets find their way into the real - time stream .
“ We look at what ’s retweeted , how many people follow the person , and whether the tweet is organic or a bot , ” Singhal says .
“ We know how to do this , because we ’ve been doing it for a decade . ”
Along with real - time search , Google has introduced other new features , including a service called Goggles , which treats images captured by users ’ phones as search queries .
It ’s all part of the company ’s relentless march toward search becoming an always - on , ubiquitous presence .
With a camera and voice recognition , a smartphone becomes eyes and ears .
If the right signals are found , anything can be query fodder .
Google ’s massive computing power and bandwidth give the company an undeniable edge .
Some observers say it ’s an advantage that essentially prohibits startups from trying to compete .
But Manber says it ’s not infrastructure alone that makes
Google the leader : “ The very , very , very key ingredient in all of this is that we hired the right people . ”
By all standards , Qi Lu qualifies as one of those people .
“ I have the highest regard for him , ” says Manber , who worked with the 48 - year - old computer scientist at Yahoo .
But Lu joined Microsoft early last year to lead the Bing team .
When asked about his mission , Lu , a diminutive man dressed in jeans and a Bing T - shirt , pauses , then softly recites a measured reply : “ It ’s extremely important to keep in mind that this is a long - term journey . ”
He has the same I ’m - not - going - away look in his eye that Uma Thurman has in Kill Bill .
Indeed , the company that won last decade ’s browser war has a best - served - cold approach to search , an eerie certainty that at some point , people are going to want more than what Google ’s algorithm can provide .
“ If we do n’t have a paradigm shift , it ’s going to be very , very difficult to compete with the current winners , ” says Harry Shum , Microsoft ’s head of core search development .
“ But our view is that there will be a paradigm shift . ”
Still , even if there is such a shift , Google ’s algorithms will probably be able to incorporate that , too .
That ’s why Google is such a fearsome competitor ; it has built a machine nimble enough to absorb almost any approach that threatens it — all while returning high - quality results that its competitors can’t match .
Anyone can come up with a new way to buy plane tickets .
But only Google knows how to find Mike Siwek .
Senior writer Steven Levy ( steven_levy@wired.com ) wrote about Twitter in issue 17.11 .
1. Correction appended [ February 25 ]
Google ’s personalized search uses someone ’s search history and location to determine what kind of results they ’ll find useful .
It does not require them to opt - in or be logged in , as previously reported .
Everything you wanted to know about abstract algebra , but were afraid to buy
Download Annual Edition
From the links below you can download a PDF version of Abstract Algebra : Theory and Applications and the corresponding PreTeXt source which is licensed under the GFDL .
Note : The 2020 Annual Edition has been finalized .
See the note about the various Editions and changes .
The current edition is for the 2020 - 21 academic year , with only minor modifications to the content from the previous year 's edition .
It also verifies and updates substantial material about Sage to Version 9.1 , available online , and in a special PDF version ( see Sage and AATA ) .
The 2009 PDF version is very close to the original text , as first published by PWS Publishing Company in 1994 .
Since then , the copyright has transferred back to the author , making this open source version possible .
( A full copy of the copyright transfer is distributed with the source code in the local subdirectory ) .
A print - on - demand version is the most affordable way to get a physical copy ( hardcover or paperback ) of the entire text .
However , a PDF version optimized for print ( two - sided , no color , etc. ) is made available here for your convenience .
Note : A PDF version that includes all the supplemental material about Sage is available for download from the Sage and AATA page .
Development Versions , Source Code with Revision Control
Source code is available in a git repository , hosted at GitHub , and authored with PreTeXt .
Prior to the 2015 edition , the source code was LaTeX and was primarily hosted at bitbucket.org .
Periodically a current snapshot of the book as a PDF is available here .
These are not archived , nor tagged in the source code repository .
They simply accumulate fixes or additions made to annual official releases .
If there is nothing listed here , then use the current Annual Edition .
The absolute most recent version is available as source code through a git repository at github.com , the specific address is https://github.com/twjudson/aata.
Links below to recent source code archives come from github.com , so the current version links below are the most up - to - date version .
If you would like to participate in contributing to the book , you will want to use git .
Then you can fork the repository on GitHub , or create a local copy of the source code by doing the following in a terminal window :
Set your working directory to a place where a new directory named aata can live .
Issue the command : git clone https://github.com/twjudson/aata.git
If you would like to make contributions to the book , sending a pull request via GitHub is welcome , or else a patch file produced by git .
If you wish to make substantial contributions , or create an alternate version , please save yourself some trouble and contact the author beforehand .
Source Code Archives
Current Development Version [ .zip ]
[ .zip ] Full Text , 2020 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] Full Text , 2019 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] Full Text , 2018 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] Full Text , 2017 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] Full Text , 2017 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] Full Text , 2015 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] Full Text , 2014 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] Full Text , 2013 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
Full Text , 2012 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
Full Text , 2011 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
Full Text , 2010 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
Full Text , 2009 Annual Edition [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
[ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar. bz2 ]
Original Source ( ~1994 ) [ .zip ] [ .tar.gz ] [ .tar.bz2 ]
Cover from PWS Publishing Edition , 1994
READER COMMENTS ON
" ACORN Strikes Back !
' Accountability ' Campaign Demands Media Corrections for ' Pimp ' Hoax Stories "
( 74 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/4/2010 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
Does anyone want to take the so called " unedited audio " into a program like Adobe Audition to analyze the files themselves ?
Look for jump cuts , etc .
The audio has a bit of distortion in it , it would be interesting to see .
It makes me wonder though since they have n't posted the raw files for people to download but instead keep them in flash form .
Someone have a program to extract the raw audio files ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... sukabi said on 3/4/2010 @ 4:06 pm PT ...
it gets even better than that ...
Ms. Giles has a " defense fund " set up so she can fend off the lawsuits brought by " Obama 's Acorn " ...
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 3/4/2010 @ 4:32 pm PT ...
@ #2 Sukabi
Is that the " Defend the Indefensible Fund " ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... sukabi said on 3/4/2010 @ 4:45 pm PT ...
something like that T.R.O. , the lying in her plea for funds continues unabated .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/4/2010 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Yeah I 'll sign on , but if you ask me Acorn should file a lible suit against nytimes at this point .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 3/4/2010 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Forget online petitions .
If Acorn wants to hurt NYT , they have to work on BOYCOTS .
They have to have pickets in front of the places where middle class white people buy the NYT , thinking they are buying a " liberal " paper and make them THINK .
They have to work on getting SUBSCRIPTIONS CANCELLED .
I would NEVER suggest that they should be the first person early in the morning to pay the money ( $ 1.50 ??? ) to buy a NYT out of a box on the sidewalk and leave the rest on top or in the trash , because that would be WRONG .
Effective , but WRONG .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/4/2010 @ 7:15 pm PT ...
Brad sez : since three investigations ( one from the Congressional Research Service , one from MA 's former Attorney General , and the latest , just this week from the Brooklyn , NY District Attorney ) have all found no criminal wrongdoing by the low - level ACORN employees caught on secret video , and ; Can you help me out , Brad , and point me to the language in the CRS report that finds no criminal wrongdoing by ACORN ?
Just a quote and / or citation to a particular page number , if you please .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/4/2010 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 7 : I 've already answered your question elsewhere .
Please stop spamming these threads with the same nonsense over and over again .
Why can't you follow the rules like everyone else ?
Knock it off please , or you 'll soon be gone ( the way you 've banned BRAD BLOG readers from posting on your Patterico.com site ) .
Thank you .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/4/2010 @ 8:04 pm PT ...
DAMN !
This Patterico feller is shameless ... friggin ' shameless .
I kinda feel for the guy .... compulsively beating his head against the same brick wall .
I think he 's knocked a screw loose .
Let it go Patty ... no one 's buying your twisted crap ; your credibility is shot to hell .
Geez !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 3/4/2010 @ 8:11 pm PT ...
Is that , grammatically speaking , a ho " laying " or " lying " for funds ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/4/2010 @ 8:16 pm PT ...
Actually , CharlieL , I think you are really onto something .
All during the summer the American Left sat by silently as the corporate - funded , astroturf " tea - baggers " shut down one of the oldest forms of American democracy --- the town hall meetings .
It is time for people of good will to step forward .
It is time for ACORN to put its community organization skills to good use , by staging mass protests ( a ) outside The New York Times holding signs that demand they correct the record , and ( b ) outside Congress demanding that they repeal their unconstitutional resolutions to cut off ACORN funding .
We should be demanding truth from a media whose function it is to speak truth to power .
But unlike the brownshirt - like tactics of the tea baggers , ours should always be respectful , peaceful and dignified .
Truth does not need to be amplified to be heard .
Its essence speaks volumes .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/4/2010 @ 8:23 pm PT ...
Ernest @ 11
Truth does not need to be amplified to be heard .
Its essence speaks volumes .
Exquisite ... dadgummit that 's EXQUISITE !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/4/2010 @ 8:48 pm PT ...
O'Keefe and Acorn on the middle segment of Colbert tonight !!!
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/4/2010 @ 8:51 pm PT ...
The video is n't up yet , but Steven Colbert just absolutely fried O'Keefe , Breitbart , Hannity , and FOX " news " about the edited pimp video and O'Keefe not being dressed as a pimp .
Looking forward to it being posted here tomorrow !
Colbert splices / edits an interview with Hannity while dressed like a pimp !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/4/2010 @ 8:56 pm PT ...
I said I want an apology from all those politicians who gave speeches on C - SPAN chastising ACORN and applauding the Defund ACORN Act .
Including Barney Frank , btw ..
When Barney Frank originally chimed in against ACORN , I was upset with him at the time even before all these revelations came out .
And all the other Democrats , but especially the Republicans .
All their speeches are still on youtube , I posted them in a thread here the other day .
Will they scrub them soon ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/4/2010 @ 8:58 pm PT ...
James O'Keefe is a sick , misguided bastard .
And so is Breitbart .
And they got snagged .
I guess that 's the end of their stings .
Good !
Ha ha !
James O'Keefe can dress like a pimp when Breitbart visits him for a conjugal visit .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/4/2010 @ 9:07 pm PT ...
Hey , Pat , what 's your take on the argument made by a former L.A. County Deputy DA , Vicent Bugliosi , that George W. Bush should be charged with murder for deceitfully taking this nation to war in Iraq , causing the deaths of thousands of Americans ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/4/2010 @ 9:25 pm PT ...
Why can't you follow the rules like everyone else ?
Knock it off please , or you 'll soon be gone ( the way you 've banned BRAD BLOG readers from posting on your Patterico.com site ) .
Who are the readers , plural ?
Ernest Canning has exactly two comments that were deleted for attacking my professional ethics .
The last comment he tried to leave on my site was here and it was approved .
Either Canning is lying to you or you are lying to your readers .
And you have n't answered the questions .
You have posted comments acknowledging that I asked them but refusing to answer them .
That is not the same thing .
But I can see why you do n't want the questions asked .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/4/2010 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
Hey , Pat , what 's your take on the argument made by a former L.A. County Deputy DA , Vicent Bugliosi , that George W. Bush should be charged with murder for deceitfully taking this nation to war in Iraq , causing the deaths of thousands of Americans ?
He is a great man who cannot think straight when discussing politics .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/4/2010 @ 10:54 pm PT ...
Dear Brad and all , Rachel 's last segment today was also extraordinary .
Reporting on the Al Qaeda 7 she went full Glenn Beckian .
Really took it out there .
Never saw anything like it on a regular news show .
It was really Stewart / Colbert worthy .
Night
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/5/2010 @ 6:47 am PT ...
In a comment posted on a separate thread , Patterico aka L.A. County Deputy DA Patrick Frey wrote :
The stuff I say here and on my blog is said in my private capacity commenting on matters of public interest .
I do not speak on behalf of my office .
We have free speech rights just like everyone else .
While this comment was made as part of a colloquy between Mr. Frey and Brad Friedman , it appears to be somewhat responsive to the question I 've repeatedly posed --- whether Mr. Frey felt his very public defense of accused federal felon James O'Keefe at his blog and elsewhere raised any ethical concerns given that there is significant evidence which suggests that Mr. O'Keefe should be the subject of a criminal investigation by Mr. Frey 's office for a possible violation of PC 632 .
Mr. Frey has failed and refused to answer the question posed by me and by others as to why his office has not initiated an investigation against O'Keefe and Giles for what appears to be a violation of Penal Code 632 .
Mr. Frey has relied upon the content of audio tapes that were likely illegally recorded not as part of an effort to prosecute this deceptive pair of con-artists but to score political points in the blogosphere .
While I appreciate Mr. Frey 's " free speech " argument , here 's just one example as to why I am not satisfied that he has fully explained away a potential ethical dilemma .
Back in 1977 / 78 , I was an associate in a Century City law firm .
We were representing , shall we say , an unorthodox religious sect in the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeal .
After conferring at the office regarding the status of the case with several of the higher up members of this sect , who were really creepy .
I met privately with my boss , who , during the early stages of his career , served in the Justice Department under RFK and was one of the team of attorneys who prosecuted James Hoffa .
I told my boss just how uncomfortable these people made me feel .
He said they made him feel uncomfortable too .
While it was n't really unnecessary , he reminded me that even creepy people were entitled to legal representation and that , so long as we remained consistent with the truth and the law , we had a legal obligation to zealously represent their interests in the cause for which we were retained .
I would not have dreamed of anonymously writing articles for a magazine or newspapers expressing my distaste for this religious sect .
I believe I would be correct in assuming that my position as an associate in a law firm representing that religious sect ethically constrained the scope of my free speech rights .
Of course , my obligations in that instance arose within the relatively narrow confines of private practice .
Mr. Frey is a public servant .
His clients are the people of the state of California .
His legal obligation , as a Deputy DA , is to enforce the law .
If he were seeking merely to take up the cause of an accused federal felon , who was arrested in New Orleans --- well outside his jurisdiction --- while perhaps unseemly , his defense of O'Keefe would not necessarily raise the issue of whether that public defense ( however anonymously posted ) conflicted with his duty to enforce the laws of the state of California with respect to crimes that may have been committed within the County of Los Angeles .
But here we have audio tapes of confidential communications that , per former MA AG Scott Harshbarger , were recorded without knowledge or consent of the ACORN workers .
In three of the six occasions , those recordings were made in CA whose Penal Code makes the secret recording of such confidential communications unlawful , with certain limited exceptions that do not appear applicable .
( Harshbarger reveals that MD has a similar statute , so it is likely that the Baltimore audiotape was also illegally recorded ) .
One of the secret and likely illegal recordings took place in Los Angeles --- within Mr. Frey 's jurisdiction .
While Mr. Frey obviously does not regard his public defense of individuals who should probably be the subject of a criminal investigation by his office as an action that raises ethical concerns , I 'm not so sure he is correct .
At the very least , his very public defense of individuals who may have violated PC 632 raises the appearance of impropriety .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/5/2010 @ 6:53 am PT ...
Thursday , March 4 , 2010 Tip / Wag - James O'Keefe & Sean Hannity Sean Hannity joins Stephen for a heavily edited interview to talk about James O'Keefe 's deceptive ACORN videos .
http://www.colbertnation...keefe---sean-hannity
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/5/2010 @ 7:59 am PT ...
Big Dan @ 20
Man that 's just an instant classic ....
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/5/2010 @ 8:35 am PT ...
Just watched the Colbert clip .
Those who say that Jon Stewart is the only remaining journalist on commercial cable are completely wrong .
Colbert and Stewart are the only remaining commercial cable journalists .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/5/2010 @ 9:46 am PT ...
WhhoHOOOOoOO !
My sweet ANGEL OF THE LORD Stephen Colbert : MORE ACCURATE THAN THE NEW YORK TIMES !
Backwards , backwoods
Age when comedians are for real news , and real news is for ( racist ) comedy .
( Thanks for the link , Big Dan ! )
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 3/5/2010 @ 9:47 am PT ...
i'm with ancient , acorn needs to sue them , the only thing that will get their attention is a hit against their bottom line
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 3/5/2010 @ 9:59 am PT ...
i gotta admit there have been times when i wondered why is brad persuing this , we get it , but he has finally gotten the attention of someone that matters , colbert ... lol yes it is an upside down world , although historically it has been the jesters that spoke the truth////////////////////the thing i think that puzzles me the most is this patty dude .... that he is so openly a neo con disinformation guy while holding an official capacity ... patty , ernest has laid out the whole case for u about okeefes criminal activity in ur district , , , , do ur job !!!
in case u have forgotten , here is a quote from ernest , Mr. Frey is a public servant .
His clients are the people of the state of California .
His legal obligation , as a Deputy DA , is to enforce the law .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/5/2010 @ 10:17 am PT ...
Brad / Ernest -
You 've effectively eviscerated whats - his - gut .
Ernest has been wiping the floor with him in these threads .
NO one believes him or cares what he has to say - so can't we stop intentionally engaging him and breaking down his arguments line by line as if he 's someone ?
Because he 's starting to believe that he is , and all your brilliant , well constructed , lengthy responses are doing nothing but reinforcing that belief .
Not only that , he 's on " shuffle " - just conflating and repeating the same misdirection and malfeasance .
That guy is a juke box from hell .
Every time you respond you 're giving him your hard won megaphone .
I 'm sure this is resulting in many more in more eyeballs over at his website .
Stunning plug .
Has he shown he deserves it ?
I know .
He lies .
So when he lies , just link to the Mike Stark " Breitbart freaking out on camera " thread where you gutted him ( could n't be more clear to an independent thinker ) and be done .
Your fight is with the New York Times and the racist , demon-ific , minstrel misinformation of the masses .
Fight up , not down .
They do .
... and look how well it works .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 3/5/2010 @ 5:17 pm PT ...
I agree with ancient # 5 .
Sue the bastards !
As a matter of fact , it 's about time all of the lying media news and misleading advocacy ads have their day in court , before Obama is railroaded out on hacked voting machines and the rest of the rightwing judges are appointed and QUICKLY APPROVED by the next administration .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/5/2010 @ 5:45 pm PT ...
Hmmm , revealing comment , Patterico # 19 .
In his book , former L.A. County Deputy DA Vincent Bugliosi , who successfully tried and convicted the Manson family , makes out a solid case as to why George W. Bush should be brought before the bar of justice and tried for murder .
Bush , like O'Keefe , is for Patrick Frey , an ideological soul mate .
So Frey the same Deputy DA who has ignored repeated requests that he explain why O'Keefe and Giles are not under investigation for a PC 632 violation , suggests that the admittedly brilliant Bugliosi had simply engaged in " politics " in making out a legal case against the former President who has so much blood on his hands .
Why is it I get the impression that Deputy DA Patrick Frey 's refusal to even consider bringing charges against his two right - wing soul mates ---
Giles and O'Keefe --- is political and that his effort to paint Vincent Bulgliosi in the same light reflects a matter of psychological projection ?
Mitch # 24 .
I wholeheartedly concur .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/5/2010 @ 6:40 pm PT ...
Jeannie ,
You know what they say .
Give 'em enough rope ....
I think it 's working .
Our ' Rico looks more and more foolish and we look better and better .
And it 's all here for anyone to see .
I say ( with apologies to David Lasagna ) points for our side !
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/5/2010 @ 11:52 pm PT ...
Ernest repeatedly suggests it would be a conflict of interest for me to comment on whether these two violated the California Penal Code . . . and then asks me whether these two violated the California Penal Code , and chides me for refusing to respond .
Little inconsistent there , Ernie .
A competent lawyer would easily see that .
I will now return to ignoring you --- at least until the next time I decide to eviscerate your arguments .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/5/2010 @ 11:58 pm PT ...
I will say this : Braddy and Ernie are , rather transparently , trying to intimidate me into silence with respect to O'Keefe , by leveling these exceedingly lame accusations of ethical impropriety .
And that is what they are : lame .
Far worse than you folk have tried to intimidate me before .
It has n't worked , and this pathetic little tactic does not have a prayer of working either .
You 're small people whose insinuated threats are impotent .
You 're like a pair of yippy dogs who emit these high - pitched little barks and think they 're big Dobermans .
It 's funny to watch .
Plan to see an expose of Friedman 's dishonesty re the CRS report sometime soon .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/6/2010 @ 12:09 am PT ...
By the way , I do n't prosecute violations of Penal Code 632 .
I prosecute gang murders .
Just to clear that part up for you .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/6/2010 @ 12:46 pm PT ...
... Patterico said on 3/5/2010 @ 11:58 pm PT ...
Plan to see an expose of Friedman 's dishonesty re the CRS report sometime soon .
Who is going to fall for that " exposé " ?
Ditto - heads ?
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/6/2010 @ 1:14 pm PT ...
Mark Frey , I 'm pretty sure you 'll have a long and fruitful career ahead of you in politics .
Hey , supreme - court - supported corporate lobbyist , here 's a good prospect for you to pimp out .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/6/2010 @ 2:46 pm PT ...
Patterico aka Patrick Frey wrote @ 32 Ernest repeatedly suggests it would be a conflict of interest for me to comment on whether these two violated the California Penal Code and @ 33 : Braddy and Ernie are , rather transparently , trying to intimidate me into silence with respect to O'Keefe , by leveling these exceedingly lame accusations of ethical impropriety .
In another of his comments , Frey states that he does not personally handle PC 632 violations at his office .
_________________
I never " suggested " that it would be a conflict - of - interest for you to comment on whether O'Keefe should be the subject of a criminal investigation .
Last I checked , the L.A. County District attorney 's office has more than one Deputy working for it .
The question I asked , and it was by no means intended to intimidate you , Mr. Frey .
I simply posed a question :
Whether you felt that your public defense of someone who may be the appropriate subject of a PC violation by your office raised any ethical concerns on your part .
You implied in a separate answer to Brad on another thread that you post in your capacity as a private citizen and that being a Deputy DA does not deprive you of your right to free speech .
I cited an example in which , in private practice , I was uncomfortable with the client my firm was representing in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeal but that I would not have dreamed of writing anonymous articles that were adverse to that client ; that I believed then and still believe that the scope of my office 's representation curtailed my free speech rights .
As I see it , Mr. Frey , you are a public servant .
Your client is the people of the state of California , which client is represented not only by Patrick Frey when he brings a case against some gang banger , but by other Deputy DAs in the very same office who would be responsible prosecuting PC 632 violations .
I know that if I were one of your fellow Deputy DAs , I would be very distressed to learn that someone else from my office was publicly defending an individual who I was investigating for a PC violation .
I am sure that if one of your fellow DAs made public comments about a case that you were handling that would be adverse to your case , you 'd be just a little miffed .
So I asked you whether you felt that raised ethical concerns .
Apparently it does not .
While I am not convinced that the answer you gave Brad is valid , since you apparently believe that your " free speech " rights outweigh the ethical obligations imposed by being one of many Deputy LA County DAs , I 'll accept that as an answer to the question I actually posed .
Your suggestion that I was seeking to " intimidate " you when I did nothing more than to ask for your view on the subject suggests that perhaps you are not as sure of the ethical posture as your " free speech " answer would imply .
What I wo n't accept from you , Patrick , is being misquoted .
I never said that it would be a conflict of interest for you to say whether O'Keefe should be investigated by your office for a PC violation .
If you are now telling me that it would be a " conflict - of - interest " for you to say whether O'Keefe should be investigated by your office , then perhaps you can direct me to the appropriate individual within your office to whom press inquiries should be made to determine whether your office is going to determine whether PC 632 was violated by Giles and O'Keefe , and , if so , whether they will uphold the duty your office has to enforce the law by means of prosecution .
Frankly , Mr. Frey , and I mean this with all due respect , as the scope of this scam assault on a benevolent community organization has unraveled , you , my friend , have become a side - show of little import .
Intimidate you ?
Why would I want to do that ?
You 're irrelevant !
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/6/2010 @ 6:29 pm PT ...
Ernie -
Since you 're more familiar with these things than I , if a PC 632 charge was brought against O'Keefe , Giles and / or Breitbart , would it be likely and / or appropriate and / or smart for their defense attorneys to site and / or call as a witness on their behalf one Mr. Deputy D.A. Patrick Frey and / or his writings in defense of their client (s ) ?
And would that not be both an extreme embarrassment and / or impediment for the L.A. County District Attorneys office in bringing such a prosecution ?
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/6/2010 @ 7:16 pm PT ...
Brad : Judges are somewhat reticent to permit attorneys to call opposing counsel as witnesses .
But my experience is in civil litigation and workers ' compensation .
I 've never been involved in a criminal case .
One of the problems on the civil side is that if an attorney from a law firm were called as a fact witnesses , that could potentially disqualify the entire law firm from representing a party .
I do n't really know whether Mr. Frey has had direct communications with O'Keefe or Giles , especially as it pertains to the PC 632 issue , which could really muddy the waters --- perhaps serve to disqualify the L.A. County District Attorney 's office from prosecuting .
But , as I say , I 've never practiced on the criminal side .
Perhaps Pat , if he 's done thinking that I 'm trying to intimidate him , could enlighten us on whether ( a ) he has conferred directly with Giles or O'Keefe and , if so ( b ) whether he feels that interaction could lead to disqualification of his office with respect to prosecution , in which case , perhaps , the CA AG would have to step in .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Macswain said on 3/6/2010 @ 7:32 pm PT ...
I 'll raise my hand as another liberal commenter moderated and then banned by Patterico .
I busted him falsely reporting - repeatedly - that John Kerry did not turn his medical records over to the media .
Patterico accused me of lying about him and , when challenged , could n’t produce the lie .
He also accused me of sock puppetry ( one of his favorite accusations ) and then had to retreat from that when the evidence showed he was wrong .
His behavior was very strange in that he had set his blog to filter my comments for moderation to delay the postings .
Stranger yet , he went to my old blog and spent hours trying to find an example where I banned somebody to try and claim some false equivalency for his actions .
He 's a hypocrite to come here and play the victim card , crying about being moderated .
Rather than allowing me to continue debating him and his commenters , he banned me .
He showed he really does n't want a full and fair debate , but only one stacked in his favor .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/6/2010 @ 8:03 pm PT ...
Ernie Canning said : Judges are somewhat reticent to permit attorneys to call opposing counsel as witnesses .
...
One of the problems on the civil side is that if an attorney from a law firm were called as a fact witnesses , that could potentially disqualify the entire law firm from representing a party .
Right .
Which is why the defense for O'Keefe , Giles and / or Breitbart would be wise to do so in this case , even if the judge disallowed it .
They'd be able to go to the media with quotes by Deputy D.A. Patrick
Frey suggesting that they exonerated their clients , if only to embarrass the office .
I know I would if I were representing O'Keefe / Giles and Breitbart in such a prosecution .
I 'd be very surprised if the Los Angeles County D.A. 's office felt any different , and if they would use the " free speech " argument that Patty was making when , as you appropriately describe it , he is an officer of the court , a servant of the people and , with that , would seem to have certain responsibilities that supersede his " right to free speech " .
A regular old attorney also has as " right to free speech " , but it 's well - established that a court can issue gag orders where merited , etc .
It seems to me that Frey 's behavior on this very specific matter has been potentially extremely inappropriate , and I much appreciate your pointing out what would likely be an " outrage " for our dear friend Patty if he had found a Deputy D.A. somewhere speaking out in favor of some perceived " liberal " that he felt ought to be prosecuted for what seems a pretty clear penal code violation .
( For that matter , as I recall , he was one of those who slammed NY D.A. Charles Hynes for finding " no criminality " in the Bklyn ACORN videos , because he had been endorsed , at some point or another , endorsed by the Working for America Party , which has some tie or another with ACORN .
I do n't believe he --- and the others expressing similar phony desperate " outrage " about same --- bothered to point out that he had also been " endorsed " by the Republican Party , since Hynes appears to have won the election on the Republican , Democratic , Working for America and Libertarian party lines on the NY ballot !
But pointing such things out would make me a " liberal " and a " myth " , or whatever the hell nonsense he spouts , in lieu of honest facts and such . )
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/6/2010 @ 10:28 pm PT ...
McSwaine @ 40
Thank you for the info .
Your experience was substantially similar to mine .
While Mr. Frey claims he only banned me from making what he thought were inappropriate comments , in truth , when I sought to post an appropriate reply , my comment was completely blocked at his site .
It was blocked without warning .
Yet this Deputy DA cries a million tears when he is put in " moderation " after Brad Friedman gave him ample warning .
Brad @ 41 .
Your comment brings out another item about our right - wing friend Patrick Frey that I find troubling .
When I asked him what he thought of former Deputy DA Vincent Bugliosi 's legal analysis that George W. Bush should be brought before the bar of justice and tried for the murder of thousands of American service personnel because Bush took this nation to war based on a pack of lies , Frey responded :
He is a great man who cannot think straight when discussing politics .
Bugliosi 's book has nothing to do with politics .
To the contrary , as a former prosecutor who famously put Charles Manson behind bars , Bugliosi sets forth the facts and the law in order to present a sustained argument that Bush should be tried for murder .
His book presents a classic legal argument that has nothing to do with " politics . "
In our system of justice , neither wealth , former office nor political affiliation should have anything to do with questions of innocence or guilt .
The sign above the U.S. Supreme Court reads : " Equal Justice Under Law . "
Yet , Pat Frey disparages the considered work of one of the most able Deputy DAs to have ever served in L.A. County as nothing more than politics .
I find that deeply troubling , though , sadly typical of the mind set of hard - right attorneys --- the same blinded - by - the - right mindset we earlier found in Alberto Gonzales , John Yoo and Jay Bybee .
( And no , Pat , before you misquote me again , in comparing your mindset to that unholy trio , I , in no way , shape or form , suggested that you are the author of a torture memo --- so do n't even try to go there ) .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... STAM said on 3/7/2010 @ 1:17 am PT ...
The name " ACORN " is lay to waste .
You can't clean up their name no matter how much money you have .
It 's burned into peoples minds now and the truth no longer matters , the damage is done .
ACORN should change their name faster than Diebold to Premier .
We will hear the same fibs from the same sources smearing ACORN to the end of time .
If you truly want ACORN to exist , stop propagating the acorn name get it out of the greenhouse and embrace the resultant mighty oak .
This way you can watch for slander , and nip it in the bud .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/7/2010 @ 6:57 am PT ...
Stam @ 43 ,
And that is precisely why Acorn should sue nytimes for libel .
Any great pro bono lawyers out there ?
Could ACLU cover this ?
An oh yeah Brad and Ernest , maybe that same lawyer could bring mr. frey 's obvious conflict of interest to LA DA office 's attention .
With his insatiable ego he 's hung him self right there in black and white !
Just like the nytimes , the more they talk them more they implicate themselves .
It really is stunning how transparent and blind they are .
And if DA 's office does nothing , then they deserve an Oscar nod for their acting as impartial servants of the court .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/7/2010 @ 7:04 am PT ...
See ya in the movies !
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 7:33 am PT ...
In a comment posted on a separate thread , Patterico aka L.A. County Deputy DA Patrick Frey wrote :
The stuff I say here and on my blog is said in my private capacity commenting on matters of public interest .
I do not speak on behalf of my office .
We have free speech rights just like everyone else .
Wait a second !
I 'm catching up on some comments and this Patterico character is an L.A. County Deputy DA ????????????????????????
Where does he get time to blog and comment like this ?
In case you 're following the NEPA corruption where I live ( Northeast Pennsylvania ) , EVERYONE left and right in public office is getting clamped by the feds for doing things like this and more !
How can this guy hold a public office and have this biased of opinions publicly ???
You 've got to be kidding me !!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 7:39 am PT ...
The thing that instantly comes to mind is that the right always claimed the mainstream media was biased based on the fact that they did a poll and the majority of reporters were registered Democrats .
They base their whole " liberal media " schtick on this .
So , this guy 's a deputy DA with far more biased views stated publicly and he 's supposed to be " fair and balanced " to people ???
I just do n't see it .
What if he gets a case involving ACORN !
Christ !
Will he recuse himself ?
He also shows himself to be an idiot for even getting this deep into these types of opinions and holding a public office .
Are you kidding ?
This guy is a deputy DA ???
You 've got to be kidding !!!
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 7:41 am PT ...
Listen : this jackoff has to resign !
I 'm serious !
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 7:48 am PT ...
Can charges be brought against this guy ?
One guy almost lost his job here for using Facebook during paid taxpayer time .
His hours while on the clock are paid by the taxpayers .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/7/2010 @ 8:05 am PT ...
Hey BD , great point !
Check out his time stamps from about # 17 onward : https://bradblog.com/?p=7725
Sure looks like he was spewing his crap on taxpayer time to me !
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/7/2010 @ 9:13 am PT ...
To Big Dan and Ancient .
Let 's be fair .
Mr. Frey stated that he was posting here and on his blog on his own time .
I do n't think the time stamps you cited , Ancient , refute that .
And I do n't think that , where appropriate , Mr. Frey surrenders his free speech rights simply because he took an oath to faithfully execute the laws of the state of California .
The problem I have , in this instance , is that Mr. Frey has chosen to publicly weigh in despite knowledge that at least three of the audio / videos he is relying upon ( in San Bernardino , San Diego and Los Angeles ) were , in all probability , illegally obtained in violation of CA PC 632 .
A fourth may have been acquired in violation of a similar law in the State of Maryland .
The idea that a Deputy DA would rely upon the content of illegally acquired audiotapes to score political points on a blog is , at the very least , unseemly .
But this goes beyond that .
Mr. Frey has openly defended the actions of an accused federal felon , James O'Keefe , a man who , if he violated the CA PC in Los Angeles , should be the subject of a criminal investigation by the very same office which employs Mr. Frey .
Potentially , especially if he has personally spoken with either O'Keefe or Giles on the subject , Mr. Frey may have compromised the ability of his office to enforce CA PC 632 as against his two right - wing soul - mates .
Frey insists that his very public defense of what O'Keefe and Giles did inside those ACORN offices does not give rise to any ethical concerns on his part ; that his free speech rights are paramount .
I 'm not so sure that his position is legally correct , and , judging from his overreaction to my merely broaching the subject ---
Frey 's erroneous assumption that I was trying to intimidate him --- I can only surmise that he is not as sure of his legal posture about his ethical obligations in this instance as his answers to Brad and I would imply .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/7/2010 @ 9:27 am PT ...
Oh , just to give you an example of the mindset of the true believers who post at Deputy DA Patrick Frey 's site where I had left comments as " ruleoflaw . "
" Rule of law , I enter your office and put a .45 between your eyes .
Am I not a hitman if I do n’t dress in a suit and have the .45 in a shoulder holster ? "
I do n't know .
I certainly do n't want to overreact , but this sounds like one of Mr. Frey 's right wing followers had threatened me with physical harm .
Yet , our Deputy DA neither pulled the post nor admonished his admirer that his comment was , to say the least , a bit over the top .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/7/2010 @ 9:34 am PT ...
Then again , Frey 's worshipful follower provided a great metaphor .
The Fox Noise crowd is like a hit man , holding a .45 between the eyes of American democracy .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/7/2010 @ 9:59 am PT ...
Ernest , I understand your argument and agree , but what has not been noted is whether his office is conducting any type of investigation , and I suppose that 's where my concern coincides with yours as to his behavior and their's .
But BD does have a point , and when I looked back through his postings only those specific ones looked to be on possible taxpayer time from 7:17 am , 7:27 am , 8:27 am , and 1:02 pm .
It is not as big a point as yours , but shows a continuing tendency to let his fervor get in the way of his job .
I wonder who 's case was suppose to be forefront on his mind at that time and at this point , if a client 's political veiws bias his performance for the client .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/7/2010 @ 10:15 am PT ...
And there you go .
They go back to their under current of violence when they can't win a fair and intellectually honest argument .
Inciteful are n't they ?
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/7/2010 @ 10:52 am PT ...
Is n't Patrick Frey 's boss Steve " Diebold 's Bitch " Cooley ?
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 5:22 pm PT ...
Well , I 'm just saying , that in the ongoing federal NEPA corruption probe people are getting in trouble for doing exactly what this Frey guy is doing .
Furthermore , I think anyone connected with a DA 's office should be above politics .
It 's not like it 's some GOP congressman saying this , it 's someone connected to the DA 's office , which is supposed to give the impression of impartiality .
No rational person reading Patterico Frey 's posts can say that he seems impartial .
How could it bite taxpayers in the ass ?
If I were a criminal , I 'd save every comment Patterico posted in all these comments and then bring it up in court and say he 's not impartial .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 5:24 pm PT ...
Maybe Schwarzenegger will say : " Hey , Frey , it 's election time .
Try and drum up some fake ACORN election charges " like Bush 's DOJ did .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
Furthermore , I would question the entire DA 's office , if they would hire a guy like this , are there any others like him ?
I 'd start a taxpayer protest about this guy , because it will bite the taxpayers in the ass .
Can I predict that right now ?
You can't have some half - cocked biased guy in the DA 's office on either side .
That 's ludicrous and embarrassing .
He has to resign , in my opinion , for showing very poor judgement .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 5:31 pm PT ...
Ernest : I think a public official being paid by taxpayers should not publicly display this kind of bias .
People on the left are taxpayers , too , as well as ACORN employees .
They 're paying his salary if he 's a public official .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 5:34 pm PT ...
Just replace " shilling for O'Keefe " for " bellyaching about work " in this article : The Whole Web is Watching : The public reaction to Piazza ’s boredom was swift .
Callers and emailers overwhelmingly criticized Piazza for insulting voters and taxpayers by whining about his job and doing it on company time .
In this case , the public is the company .
We ’re not talking about private industry , where slackers might be more tolerated in places where strict adherence to rules of professionalism might not apply .
In this case , taxpayers are the boss .
And these bosses did not like paying their worker for bellyaching about putting off doing the work .
http://www.wilknetwork.c...-Web-Is-Watching/6161478
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/7/2010 @ 5:40 pm PT ...
It 's a whole different ball game , now that I found out this is a public official .
His behavior is outrageous , unprofessional , unethical , and unacceptable .
He has to answer his behavior to the taxpayers , all of them .
He should resign .
If he does n't , the heat should be on his superiors for not firing him and allowing this behavior .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/7/2010 @ 6:25 pm PT ...
Big Dan wrote : I would question the entire DA 's office , if they would hire a guy like this , are there any others like him ?
_________________
You may recall , Dan , the Bush Justice Department was filled to the brim with " guys like this . "
Remember Alberto Gonzales , John Yoo , Jay Bybee ?
Their extreme right - wing ideological blindness and their penchant for placing party loyalty above the rule of law is what brought us the U.S. attorney firing scandal , the torture memos , and , as most recently revealed , the extraordinary claim by John Yoo that a President has the power to order the extermination of an entire village .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 3/8/2010 @ 10:37 am PT ...
I do n't know what troubles me more , the fact that this DA Patterico / Frey is a far - right ideologue with a penchant for stifling liberal comments on his blog , or the fact that he is a DA who seems to have a poor grasp of logic and a vindictive mind - set against people he disagrees with politically , while at the same time going out of his way to defend political soulmates accused of serious legal wrongdoing , in his own district no less .
I find his arguments and responses to Brad and Ernest to be either patently ridiculous , childishly petulant , or both .
He seems to be an egomaniac on top of it all , poor qualities for a public servant in my opinion .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/8/2010 @ 11:56 am PT ...
That 's the point , Ernest : if there 's ONE guy like this , there 's MANY !
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 3/9/2010 @ 12:11 am PT ...
Hey , guess who just got busted for scheming to have registrants vote multiple times !
If you said " ACORN , " claim your prize :
http://hotair.com/archiv...on-fraud-two-from-acorn/
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 3/9/2010 @ 12:16 am PT ...
PS : Be sure to ask Brad to demand " accountability " from these " activists " too , since I 'm sure the last thing anyone wants is to be seen as hypocritical
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... ravenhairedmaid said on 3/9/2010 @ 12:55 am PT ...
PPS : Please do n't be dissuaded from insisting on justice simply because these ACORN employees have only been ACCUSED of election fraud , because you bradblog readers have certainly convicted Okeefe based on mere accusation -- AND despite numerous retractions of reports on that incident .
Gosh , you 're so bold to proclaim it repeatedly -- and without a shred of proof !
And , since you 've all concluded the exact same thing from such limited information , it 's clear just how much you think for yourselves
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/9/2010 @ 4:49 am PT ...
Ravenhairemaid @ 66 , 67 @ 68 : You are severely misinformed .
" Election fraud " occurs when an insider ( or a manufacturer / supplier ) with access to e-voting systems manipulates the source code , which when done on central tabulators , can flip the results wholesale for an entire election without being detected .
" Voter fraud " entails someone who votes that is not entitled to vote , or someone who casts multiple votes , aka ballot stuffing .
" Registration fraud " occurs , for example , when someone fills out a phony registration form using names , addresses and forged signatures of the recently departed , then turns in those names to collect an hourly wage from a group like ACORN , who becomes the " victim " of the registration fraud when they pay the hourly wage for work that was not performed .
As Brad Friedman noted in response to another comment left by one of your fellow uninformed wing - nuts : " Those registration forms were fraudulent and turned over , as required by law , to officials , with a notice that they appeared to be fraudulent , and a request that officials prosecute those employees who had defrauded ACORN by turning them in in the first place !
" The thanks they get is clueless folks like you charging ACORN with fraud , when they were the ones to uncover it in the first place . "
As of October , 2009 , there had been 49 federal , state and local investigations of ACORN .
They failed to establish a single instance in which someone improperly registered by the individuals who register voters for ACORN has actually cast a fraudulent vote at the polls .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/9/2010 @ 8:19 am PT ...
Oh , and Ravenhairedmaid , since I can't count on you to follow the permalink I provided for Brad 's earlier comment , here 's what Brad had to say about an instance in which " registration fraud " defrauded actual voters , as it pertained to , " the very real voter registration fraud by the head of the CA GOP 's own voter registration firm , Mark Anthony Jacoby of Young Political Majors .
His fraud , on behalf of the entire company ( unlike the case with ACORN , which had nothing to do with the fraud , other than uncovering it ) , likely denied thousands of legal voters from being able to cast their legal vote . "
What Jacoby did was to obtain voter registrations for all Parties but only turn in the Republican registrations , thereby disenfranchising legal voters who thought that Jacoby would abide by the law by turning in their registration forms .
Fox " News " covered that , in a manner of speaking .
That is , Brad Friedman brought it up even though he was not asked by the anchor to do so when he appeared on Fox " News " --- no doubt to the embarrassment of the GOP propaganda network .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/9/2010 @ 9:33 am PT ...
Ernest # 70 .
This also has happened in Nevada where a private entity also only turned in Republican registrations while trashing democratic ones .
The case you cited and the one I previously cited were actual cases of fraud as opposed to the voter registration fraud which was done against ACORN that these trolls keeps posting about .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/9/2010 @ 6:11 pm PT ...
Well , Bob Ross .
All three cases involve " registration fraud " .
" Voter fraud " occurs when someone casts a vote when they are not entitled to do so or when a single individual casts multiple votes .
None of the three cases you cite produced " voter fraud . "
The Republican " registration fraud " was part of a " voter suppression " tactic --- that is a means to " prevent " voters from voting .
The cases you cite are relatively crude and inefficient means of voter suppression when compared to , for example , the 90,000 innocent , mostly African American voters who were illegally purged from Florida 's computerized voter rolls in advance of the 2000 presidential election by Katherine Harris and Choice Point 's DBT Unit .
I believe that far greater numbers were illegally purged in Ohio 2004 , but would have to look them up .
Also , electronic voting systems can be pre-programmed to break down in precincts where a malicious attacker desires to reduce the number of citizens in a given area who vote .
When long lines and multiple hour waits ensue , people give up and go home .
Odd how it always turns out to be Democratic leaning districts where the machines break down .
What a coincidence .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/9/2010 @ 8:43 pm PT ...
Ernie I was talking about the 2 previous cases being an instance of fraud .
Would n't voter suppression tactics in themselves be election fraud ?
Ohio was one such situation of suppression brought on by Blackwell who before the election promised Ohio to George Bush while being Secretary of State and Chairman of Bush 's re-election campaign for the state of Ohio .
Not enough voting machines in areas that previously had more in previous years .
All these in highly democratic voting areas .
Some districts voting higher than they 've ever voted in Republican areas while democratic areas were extremely below normal .
I think Florida 2000 with the fake felon roles was a more devious tactic .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/9/2010 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
​ Whoa , dude .
Californians smoke 16 million ounces of marijuana a year ( yeah , genius , that ’s a million pounds ) , according to a recent report prepared for the Legislature .
That ’s almost half an ounce for every man , woman and child in the state .
The Sacramento Bee .
The numbers , from a recent state Board of Equalization report , were prepared for legislation introduced by Assemblyman Tom Ammiano ( D - San Francisco ) which would legalize , tax and regulate marijuana for Californians 21 and older , reports Peter Hecht at
Ammiano ’s legislation , AB 2254 , would create a regulatory structure for marijuana similar to that used for alcohol .
The bill would allow taxed sales to adults , while banning sales to or possession by those under 21 .
Other interesting findings included in the report :
• California is America ’s top marijuana growing state , with 8.6 million pounds of cannabis produced annually , at an estimated value of $ 13.8 billion .
If those numbers are accurate , that represents more than a third of the entire pot crop of the United States .
“ The fact that California ’s largest cash crop continues to go untaxed and unregulated is astounding , especially in such tough economic times , ” said Aaron Smith , California policy director of the Marijuana Policy Project .
• Legalization of pot in California would cause the street price to drop by 50 percent ( let ’s hope so !
‘ Cause that ’d take dispensary prices down with it ) .
In Pisa , Italy , mad genius Enrico Dini is building sandcastles on the moon .
His giant 3 - D printer is the first of its kind with the potential to print whole buildings , and it makes them out of solid rock , cutting down a thousand - year - long process into a few minutes .
It uses sand , but someday it ’ll use moon dust .
The machine , called D - Shape , sprays a thin layer of sand with a magnesium - based glue from hundreds of nozzles–its resolution is about 25 dpi , not bad for printing on this scale .
The glue binds the sand into solid rock , which builds up , layer after layer , into a sculpture , or a piece of furniture or , someday , into a cathedral .
“ What I really want to do is to use the machine to complete the Sagrada Familia , ” Dini says .
Okay , it seems a little crazy , but not much .
Dini claims the d - shape process is four times faster than conventional building , costs a third to a half as much as using Portland cement , creates little waste and is better for the environment .
But its chief selling point may simply be that it makes creating Gaudiesque , curvy structures simple .
It ’s not enough for D - Shape to be the missing link between the tiny 3 - D printers of today , which never really caught on beyond gimmicky jewelry and model - making , and bigger printers capable of making full - size structures .
No , Dini wants the moon .
As part of the European Space Agency ’s Aurora program , he ’s talking with La Scuola Normale Superiore , Alta Space , and Norman Foster to modify D - Shape to build with moon dust .
Voila : instant moonbase .
[ More pics at Blueprint ]
People on low - carbohydrate diets are more dependent on the oxidation of fat in the liver for energy than those on a low - calorie diet , researchers at UT Southwestern Medical Center have found in a small clinical study .
The findings , published in the journal Hepatology , could have implications for treating obesity and related diseases such as diabetes , insulin resistance and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease , said Dr. Jeffrey Browning , assistant professor in the UT Southwestern Advanced Imaging Research Center and of internal medicine at the medical center .
" Instead of looking at drugs to combat obesity and the diseases that stem from it , maybe optimizing diet can not only manage and treat these diseases , but also prevent them , " said Dr. Browning , the study 's lead author .
Although the study was not designed to determine which diet was more effective for losing weight , the average weight loss for the low - calorie dieters was about 5 pounds after two weeks , while the low - carbohydrate dieters lost about 9½ pounds on average .
Glucose , a form of sugar , and fat are both sources of energy that are metabolized in the liver and used as energy in the body .
Glucose can be formed from lactate , amino acids or glycerol .
In order to determine how diet affects glucose production and utilization in the liver , the researchers randomly assigned 14 obese or overweight adults to either a low - carbohydrate or low - calorie diet and monitored seven lean subjects on a regular diet .
advertisement
After two weeks , researchers used advanced imaging techniques to analyze the different methods , or biochemical pathways , the subjects used to make glucose .
" We saw a dramatic change in where and how the liver was producing glucose , depending on diet , " said Dr. Browning .
Researchers found that participants on a low - carbohydrate diet produced more glucose from lactate or amino acids than those on a low - calorie diet .
" Understanding how the liver makes glucose under different dietary conditions may help us better regulate metabolic disorders with diet , " Dr. Browning said .
The different diets produced other differences in glucose metabolism .
For example , people on a low - calorie diet got about 40 percent of their glucose from glycogen , which is comes from ingested carbohydrates and is stored in the liver until the body needs it .
advertisement
The low - carbohydrate dieters , however , got only 20 percent of their glucose from glycogen .
Instead of dipping into their reserve of glycogen , these subjects burned liver fat for energy .
The findings are significant because the accumulation of excess fat in the liver – primarily a form of fat called triglycerides – can result in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease , or NAFLD .
The condition is the most common form of liver disease in Western countries , and its incidence is growing .
Dr. Browning has previously shown that NAFLD may affect as many as one - third of U.S. adults .
The disease is associated with metabolic disorders such as insulin resistance , diabetes and obesity , and it can lead to liver inflammation , cirrhosis and liver cancer .
" Energy production is expensive for the liver , " Dr. Browning said .
" It appears that for the people on a low - carbohydrate diet , in order to meet that expense , their livers have to burn excess fat . "
Results indicate that patients on the low - carbohydrate diet increased fat burning throughout the entire body .
Dr. Browning and his colleagues will next study whether the changes that occur in liver metabolism as a result of carbohydrate restriction could help people with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease .
Previous research has shown a correlation between carbohydrate intake and NAFLD .
Other researchers from the Advanced Imaging Research Center involved with the study were Dr. Matthew Merritt , assistant professor of radiology ; Dr. Craig Malloy , professor of radiology and internal medicine ; and Dr. Shawn Burgess , assistant professor of pharmacology .
Other UT Southwestern researchers involved were Jeannie Davis , clinical research coordinator ; and Santhosh Satapati , graduate student .
A researcher from Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center also contributed .
The research was funded by the National Institutes of Health and the American Diabetes Association .
Poor posture can be caused by a number of factors ; everything from the shoes we wear on a daily basis to the way we sit while eating dinner make significant contributions to our posture .
Good posture is defined as the most effective positioning of our bodies to withstand the force of gravity .
Poor posture develops as a result of various factors , some associated with the structure of the body , often generated by a misalignment of the bones in the feet , and additionally factors of our environment .
Because poor posture can negatively affect our health , requiring medication or prescription drugs for muscular stress and back pain , taking steps to improve posture will return many health benefits in the long term .
Determining whether your bad posture is caused by environmental factors or structural factors is the first step in correcting bad posture .
Speaking to a shoe specialist ( at your local running store ) or your physician may help to rule out the underlying causes of your posture issues .
Many specialists recommend the Alexander Technique , a program where a teacher observes and corrects your posture while you carry out a series of tasks , as the most viable posture correction program , however yoga and other exercise programs have been proven to improve posture as well .
Improving poor posture is extremely important , as it can lead to chronic muscle pain , as well as stress on the nervous , digestive and circulatory systems .
Although correcting poor posture habits can be difficult , by becoming aware of our bodies ’ natural position and taking initiative to improve it , your bad posture can become a thing of the past .
CanDrugstore.com , a Canadian Internet - based pharmacy intermediary ( license # BC X23 ) , offers low cost , long - term prescription drugs .
A professionally registered pharmacist fills all Canadian prescriptions .
A certified member of the Canadian International Pharmacy Association , CanDrugstore.com is ranked as one of the best Canadian pharmacies online by PharmacyChecker.com .
For more information on how to order your drugs from Canada safely and securely call 1-866-444-6376 or visit http://www.candrugstore.com/– a trusted and reliable Canadian online pharmacy since 2002 .
CanDrugstore.com , a Canadian Internet - based pharmacy intermediary ( license # BC X23 ) , offers low cost , long - term prescription drugs .
A professionally registered pharmacist fills all Canadian prescriptions .
A certified member of the Canadian International Pharmacy Association , CanDrugstore.com is ranked as one of the best Canadian pharmacies online by PharmacyChecker.com .
For more information on how to order your drugs from Canada safely and securely call 1-866-444-6376 or visit http://www.candrugstore.com/- a trusted and reliable Canadian online pharmacy since 2002 .
The winners of Britain 's biggest - ever lottery prize have given their old house to their cleaner , it was reported today .
Nigel Page and Justine Laycock , who won £ 56 m on the EuroMillions lottery last month , have moved from their home in Cirencester , Gloucestershire , to what has been described as an " eco-friendly £ 4 m mansion " .
The Daily Mail reported that the couple 's cleaner , Denise Kelso , had moved into their former four - bedroom house with her husband , James .
The paper said she would carry on working for the lottery winners at their new home , near Cirencester .
" They are not living at their old place any more , so they wanted to give it to someone who would appreciate it , " a friend of Laycock 's was reported as saying .
Kelso , a former pub landlord , has also been given Laycock 's Honda Civic , according to reports , with the family having taken possession of a new BMW .
It is not known whether the Kelsos have been gifted ownership of the property or are being allowed to live there rent - free .
Typographica — Review of typefaces and type books
Typographica is an excellent review of typefaces and type books with occasional commentary on fonts and typographic design .
The site was founded in by Joshua Lurie - Terrell .
Louis Verhoeve
Louis Verhoeve is a Dutch designer who has a unique showcase on his portfolio website .
He creates great font - based printed designs and book covers .
Silva !
Designers
Silva !
Designers is an editorial design agency based in Chiado , Lisbon , old city .
They do typographic design work for magazines , book covers , and catalogs .
Their art is definitely stylish and original .
DSTYPE
DSTYPE specializes in creating custom typefaces .
That includes designing completely new typefaces for every purpose as well as improving balance , legibility , and otherwise fine tuning existing typefaces and logotypes .
Denis Ponomarev
Denis Ponomarev is a Russian typographer and graphic designer .
He designs for books , magazines , CD covers , and other prints .
His works are more than stylish .
Oliver Daxenbichler
Oliver Daxenbichler is a German designer .
His entire website is just one great portfolio showcasing some unbelievable conceptual works .
Frank Chimero
Frank Chimero ’s a graphic designer teaching youth at Missouri S.U. about design foundations and typography .
Each piece of his artwork is part of an exploration in finding wit , surprise , honesty , and joy in the world around us .
For Frank the work is play , and the play is work .
TypeNeu
TypeNeu is a typography blog .
The website looks like a bunch of wallpapers glued together , showcasing a variety of info about fonts and typography .
Alison Carmichael
Alison Carmichael creates amazing book covers , print advertisements , and graphic designs .
She is an award - winning talent in typography and design .
86era
86era is the portfolio of Maxwell Lord , a typographer and graphic designer .
His works are fresh and you can find a huge collection of them on Flickr .
Marian Bantjes
From the artist : “ My ‘ style ’ is always evolving , and if you look at my work you can see multiple interests emerge .
People tend to think of me in terms of the swirly , pretty vector art , but it is much more varied than that .
I ’m quite happy that my work is eclectic while still personally identifiable . ”
HMF
HMF is an Estonian design company .
They specialize in developing unique , nontraditional fonts and take inspiration from everything that surrounds them .
All the fonts are made manually and this is an amazing , though very complicated , art .
Graphical House
Scottish graphic designers at Graphical House show their design skills to be in a highly professional league .
You can explore nice visual moments in all of their work .
Their portfolio is truly impressive .
Studiosnooze
Snooze is a Croatian studio .
They provide a broad range of design services , maximizing the true potential of their clients by building sophisticated and innovative solutions that enable them to develop deeper and more personalized relationships with their customers … .
At least that ’s what they say .
Today Is Sunday
Today is Sunday is the portfolio of Carlos Guedes , Portuguese Interactive Art Director , visual effects aficionado , and surfer .
Typography Served
The Served site brings a steady supply of top quality creative work to the table .
They comb through projects from the portfolios of the most talented creative people and teams around the world .
Instead of being disciplined , Father Murphy was quietly moved by Archbishop William E. Cousins of Milwaukee to the Diocese of Superior in northern Wisconsin in 1974 , where he spent his last 24 years working freely with children in parishes , schools and , as one lawsuit charges , a juvenile detention center .
He died in 1998 , still a priest .
Even as the pope himself in a recent letter to Irish Catholics has emphasized the need to cooperate with civil justice in abuse cases , the correspondence seems to indicate that the Vatican ’s insistence on secrecy has often impeded such cooperation .
At the same time , the officials ’ reluctance to defrock a sex abuser shows that on a doctrinal level , the Vatican has tended to view the matter in terms of sin and repentance more than crime and punishment .
The Vatican spokesman , the Rev. Federico Lombardi , was shown the documents and was asked to respond to questions about the case .
He provided a statement saying that Father Murphy had certainly violated “ particularly vulnerable ” children and the law , and that it was a “ tragic case . ”
But he pointed out that the Vatican was not forwarded the case until 1996 , years after civil authorities had investigated the case and dropped it .
Father Lombardi emphasized that neither the Code of Canon Law nor the Vatican norms issued in 1962 , which instruct bishops to conduct canonical investigations and trials in secret , prohibited church officials from reporting child abuse to civil authorities .
He did not address why that had never happened in this case .
Image Arthur Budzinski , at a cemetery behind St. John 's School for the Deaf , says he was first molested in 1960 when he went to Father Murphy for confession .
Credit ... Jeffrey Phelps for The New York Times
As to why Father Murphy was never defrocked , he said that “ the Code of Canon Law does not envision automatic penalties . ”
He said that Father Murphy ’s poor health and the lack of more recent accusations against him were factors in the decision .
The Vatican ’s inaction is not unusual .
Only 20 percent of the 3,000 accused priests whose cases went to the church ’s doctrinal office between 2001 and 2010 were given full church trials , and only some of those were defrocked , according to a recent interview in an Italian newspaper with Msgr. Charles J. Scicluna , the chief internal prosecutor at that office .
An additional 10 percent were defrocked immediately .
Ten percent left voluntarily .
But a majority — 60 percent — faced other “ administrative and disciplinary provisions , ” Monsignor Scicluna said , like being prohibited from celebrating Mass .
Robert Gates was said to share concerns about Blackwater US Defence Secretary Robert Gates is to review allegations of misconduct in Afghanistan by the security company formerly known as Blackwater .
The review comes a day after a leading Democrat said the Pentagon should consider barring it from applying for a contract to train Afghan police .
The Pentagon said it could not bar the company from applying for the billion - dollar police training contract .
A spokesman for company , now called Xe , said it welcomed the review .
A spokesman for the company , Mark Corallo , said Xe has an excellent record of training security personnel in Afghanistan .
However , in a letter to Mr Gates at the end of February , Senate Armed Services Committee chairman Carl Levin cited allegations of misconduct against the firm made before the committee .
He said there was evidence of misconduct in a previous subcontract awarded to a Blackwater affiliate to conduct weapons training for the Afghan National Army .
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said of Mr Gates ' response : " He is looking into it and he takes it seriously .
He shares [ Mr Levin 's ] concerns . "
But he said it was not possible to bar the company without following strict regulations .
Technical expertise " You can't willy - nilly choose not to do business with a company , " he said .
" There are strict criteria for pursuing debarment .
They are afforded due process .
They are afforded legal standards . "
Mr Morrell also said that Blackwater has the necessary technical expertise .
" And they have a willingness to work in places that very few companies are willing to work .
So they provide a much - needed service and the ability to do it well . "
The Blackwater company began its work protecting US government personnel in Iraq following the invasion in 2003 .
Anti-American sentiment in Iraq was stoked in December after a US judge threw out manslaughter charges against five Blackwater guards over the 2007 killing of 17 Iraqis in Baghdad .
The activities of foreign security firms in Iraq have been curbed since then .
About a month ago , Iraq ordered 250 former and current staff of Blackwater to leave within a week .
In January 2010 , Xe finalised the settlement - for an undisclosed amount - of a number of lawsuits over the killings of Iraqi civilians .
The civil suits accused Blackwater 's founder , Erik Prince , of cultivating a climate of recklessness .
The lawsuits sought compensation for deaths and injuries incurred in incidents including the 2007 killings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sixteen lions on a South African game reserve are facing death because of a shortage of funds to feed them , it emerged today .
The SanWild sanctuary , in Limpopo province , has issued an urgent appeal for donations to save the three prides of 14 adults and two cubs .
Officials have warned that if the sanctuary cannot meet the 45,000 rand ( £ 4,000 ) monthly cost of meat to keep the lions healthy it will be forced to have them put down them ‑ possibly as soon as next month .
" The situation on the ground for our lions is dire and , unless we can urgently find sponsorship , the lions will have to be put down , " Louise Joubert , founder trustee of SanWild , said .
" We find ourselves in a difficult situation .
We can't allow them to start starving .
We would rather euthanise them than let them end up as a trophy on some hunter 's wall . "
The eight males and eight females have lived at the sanctuary , near Tzaneen , since 2003 and 2004 after being rescued from the canned hunting industry in which animals are usually bred in captivity to be hunted in a confined space .
Each pride now lives in a six - hectare ( 15 - acre ) enclosure .
Each animal requires 4 - 5 kg of meat per day and would be unable to fend for itself in the wild .
All the males have been sterilised to prevent breeding .
" They are stunning lions , " Joubert said .
" But last year , due the worldwide recession , we really battled to get funding for them .
We 've managed to keep them going until the end of March , but we 're really desperate to get people to adopt the lions or provide sponsorship on a monthly basis .
Small donations do make a difference . "
She said SanWild was bringing a court case against the South African government next week over what it claims are broken promises of financial support .
The South African courts are reviewing rules that could effectively ban the canned hunting industry , which kills an estimated 1,000 lions per year .
However , such a move would raise the prospect of thousands of lions being put down because they cannot be released into the wild and there are insufficient resources to protect them in parks or reserves .
Yolan Friedmann , chief executive of the Endangered Wildlife Trust in South Africa , who supports the ban , said : " This is the question on everyone 's minds .
Three to four thousand lions would need to be put in a free range reserve , but here we are struggling with 16 . "
Gay singer Elton John is to headline a concert in Indiana , US , for a teenager who died of AIDS after receiving a contaminated blood transfusion .
The April 28th event will be held in honour of Ryan White , who died aged 18 in 1990 .
He was diagnosed with AIDS at the age of 13 , after receiving treatment for haemophilia .
He became a national celebrity and spokesperson for those living with the disease after being expelled from school for his illness .
White was credited with changing perceptions of HIV / AIDS and his mother Jeanne White - Ginder continues to advocate for AIDS care .
John has spoken in the past about how becoming friends with White helped him get off drugs .
He sang at White ’s funeral .
He told Parade magazine : “ Every time I stopped taking drugs , after a period of time I ’d go back .
It got worse and worse …
What finally opened my eyes was Ryan White .
“ I read in a magazine that Ryan was not allowed to go to school because he had AIDS .
Firebombs were being put in his family ’s letter box .
I was enraged .
I helped the White family move .
I spent the last week of Ryan ’s life in 1990 with him in an Indianapolis hospital .
“ There was something wonderful in this family – they were losing their son , yet they were still able to forgive the hatred of others .
I thought , ‘ Look at me .
I have everything I want , and I complain about a hotel room because I do n’t like the wallpaper ?
What happened to me ?
I was a nice , decent boy , and now I ’m a self - obsessed drug addict . ’
So I got sober . ”
The concert will be held at the Butler University .
Funds raised will go to Indianapolis Children ’s Museum and John ’s AIDS Foundation .
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail More marijuana is now being shipped through the U.S. Mail than in recent years , according to the U.S. Postal Inspection Service , whose seizures of marijuana parcels have increased by more than 400 percent since 2007 .
Traffickers use everyday objects to conceal the drugs .
Here , marijuana is packaged inside " Teasdale " cans of corn .
The amount of marijuana matched the weight on the label , and the traffickers used a can sealer .
Courtesy U.S. Postal Inspection Service
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail
After obtaining a federal search warrant to examine a suspicious package , inspectors found a Home Depot paint bucket wrapped in plastic .
But instead of paint , the five gallon bucket was packed with marijuana .
Courtesy U.S. Postal Inspection Service
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail Inspectors found eight of these paint buckets .
Each contained twelve lbs. of marijuana .
Courtesy U.S. Postal Inspection Service
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail
A jukebox used to conceal marijuana is seized by inspectors in San Diego .
The jukebox looked authentic , but inspectors found 10 lbs. of marijuana inside , which had an estimated street value of $ 350,000 .
Courtesy U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail Four bags of marijuana are placed inside a Black and Decker tool in hopes of sneaking it through the U.S. Mail .
Courtesy U.S. Postal Inspection Service
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail
When a large box arrived at a woman 's home in rural South Dakota , she thought her new television had arrived .
Instead , she discovered three large bricks of marijuana and called the authorities .
Walworth Co. Sheriff Duane Mohr [ left ] and chief deputy Tom Jeans [ right ] believe a Mexican drug cartel sent the package to the wrong address .
In all , the marijuana weighed approximately 50 lbs. and had an estimated street value of $ 100,000 .
Courtesy Walworth County , S.D. Sheriff 's Office
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail
The pungent smell of marijuana is often what gives the packages away , so drug traffickers attempt to conceal the odor .
This brick was blanketed with plastic wrap and shipped in heat sealed bags to try and disguise its smell .
Courtesy U.S. Postal Inspection Service
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail
This is a type of mediocre grade , bulk marijuana and valued at up to $ 1,500 a pound .
The actual street value depends upon demand , which differs in various geographic locations .
Courtesy U.S. Postal Inspection Service
How Marijuana Is Sent Through the U.S. Mail
An inspector makes her way through a marijuana growing operation in California .
Courtesy U.S. Postal Inspection Service
Editor 's note :
This story is part of the iReport Weekend Assignment project , in which the CNN iReport community takes on a special - skills challenge once a week .
Last weekend 's challenge was to link the past with the present in a fun photo project .
This weekend , we 're challenging you to see how far $ 10 can go .
Head to CNN iReport to join the fun and learn a little something while you 're at it .
( CNN ) -- Kneeling down , holding up a piece of paper just steps away from the Alamo , a man with a gun and badge drew the suspicion of three guards .
In a crowded scene of tourists milling about and a reenactment in full swing , detective Oren Skurnik was trying to line up a 1930s photo of two boys at the Alamo with the present - day scene .
He was snapping the photo of a photo all in the sake of matching up the past and present .
" I 'm standing there with this photo in my hand , looking like a weirdo , " Skurnik said .
" It was kind of funny really , since I 'm sure it looked strange to have a guy holding up a piece of paper and taking tons of photos of it .
I 'd watch me , too . "
Skurnik connects
Alamo's history to present
People walked through his shot constantly .
Guards kept throwing him curious stares .
The perfect angle eluded him for 20 minutes , as the monument had been renovated in 1960 .
Despite it all , Skurnik got a kick out of the first - time experience .
" Aside from the joy of doing this and the humor of trying to find a way of not getting knocked down by people , it was really a cool thing to do , " he said .
The activity reinvigorated his passion for photography after eye surgery almost four years ago pressed him to put the camera down .
In fact , he has plans to go around San Antonio , Texas , snapping more of these photo montages .
The idea of merging the past and present is anything but new .
While folks have been photographing in this style for years , many iReporters were newcomers to the practice .
Skurnik and more than 100 iReporters tried their hand at lining up historic photos with the current - day scene last weekend .
The inspiration for this adventure came from the " Looking Into the Past " group on Flickr , a photo - sharing Web site .
Jason Powell established the group about a year ago after rediscovering the photographic archives of the Library of Congress .
He said he was also inspired by Flickr user Michael Hughes ' photographs matching souvenirs to popular sites around the world .
Powell started off with a handful of shots in Leesburg , Virginia , lining up old photos with the present - day scene .
He posted the photos on Flickr and got enough positive feedback to inspire him to start the group on Flickr , now 2,750 members strong .
Explore history on Looking Into the Past Flickr group
The network engineer took up photography four years ago as a way of getting out of the house , but he says it 's his passion for history that 's been the driving force behind the hobby .
" I'm the nostalgic type that looks at an old photograph and says , ' Man , I wish I would have been there , ' " he said .
" This is all about nostalgia and time travel . "
The resident past - meets - present expert says he 's excited when new photographers bring their personal spin to the project .
After taking part in the CNN iReport Weekend Assignment , 50 to 60 new submitters joined the Flickr effort .
Powell even took part in the challenge alongside iReporters .
A sunny day in Washington , D.C .
Conrad Steinhauer digitally edited images of his family members into a recent photo of his father 's boyhood home in Fresno , California .
His aunt Claudine made the suit she 's wearing in a photo taken of her in the 1940s , he said .
A small portrait of his family taken a few years before stands as a reminder that the Steinhauers once lived there .
Someone else lives in the white - sided bungalow now , he said .
" When I was growing up , I remember them talking about the house on C Street , " he said .
Steinhauer never lived at the house , but he does go back to visit it from time to time to see how the neighborhood has changed .
Going back in time at house on C Street
" It was a very family - oriented area with rows and rows of houses , " he said .
" Now it 's pretty desolate .
A lot of the homes have been torn out . "
While Steinhauer saw the change of time first - hand , some iReporters found that the landscape in other parts of the world retained structures from ancient times .
Lining up a Roman archive photo with the ruins of the Coliseum was impossible for Alison Victoria because the original vantage point does n't exist anymore .
It was also difficult to focus on both images at the same time , she said , with a camera in one hand and the photograph in the other .
Victoria enjoyed embarking upon this first - time photo adventure , hopping around the ancient city on the train with Buster , her canine companion .
Together , they discovered that Rome has become a lot busier in this day and age .
Cars and tourists cluttered her images , a contrast to the quiet , empty scene in the 100 - year - old images .
" Rome seemed like a smaller town in those days at the turn of the century when you just saw the locals standing around , " she said .
Step back in time in Rome
" The surroundings have changed , but the city itself is the eternal city , " Victoria said .
" The people change , but the monuments stay the same .
They 're the same as they 've been for a few centuries . "
Unlocking the rich , hidden past of Bhutan became Deki Dorji 's goal in traipsing around the capital of Thimphu .
She dug into family photos and images from the British Library and the Bhutan National Library for inspiration .
" It was definitely challenging looking for old photos online and in libraries , " the past - present novice said .
" In Bhutan , we only started opening doors to the outside world in the 1970s . "
A wooden bridge near the Tashichho Dzong fortress stands virtually the same since its photo in 1905 among rolling mountains and lush foliage .
Dorji says her country has strived to preserve as much of its culture and historic landmarks as possible .
Bhutan remains unchanged over time
" When I was taking these pictures , I could n't find drastic change in the surroundings or buildings , " she said .
" You could go back 100 years and see the same thing .
It has n't changed very much . "
The 24 - year - old joked that most of the photos were way older than her .
" Most of the pictures I used were all taken before I was born , and it was a great way to learn about the past , " she said .
For Skurnik , the photography exercise was a way to learn about local history and spend time falling in love with his city .
" Not being a native San Antonian , it gave me an opportunity to reconnect slightly with the excitement one feels when experiencing a city for the first time , " he said .
On the way to a quantum computer
( Nanowerk News )
The hybrid of microelectronic circuits and atoms which combines the best quantum mechanical characteristics of both systems , may help to realize a breakthrough in quantum computing .
Not only Andreas Wallraff believes this , but also the European Research Council , which has been supporting his project for five years with almost two million Euros .
The thirty eight year - old Andreas Wallraff , Professor for Solid State Physics at ETH Zurich , together with his research group is investigating how atoms can communicate in a controlled manner with an electronic circuit .
A 1.9 million Euro research grant from the " ERC Independent Researcher Starting Grants " is allowing him and his team to extend their area of research .
So far Wallraff , who moved from Yale University to ETH Zurich in 2006 , has primarily been researching quantum mechanical effects in electronic microcircuits .
For example , they send photons from one part of the chip to another and observe how they interact with each other .
Andreas Wallraff and his postdoc Stefan Filipp in front of the equipment , with which they want to link electronic quantum mechanical systems with atomic quantum mechanical systems .
( Image : P. Rüegg / ETH Zürich )
Now the scientists want to connect their electronic quantum mechanical systems to atomic quantum mechanical systems .
In order to do so , a new lab is being built in the basement of the laboratory for solid state physics with specially developed equipment .
The interior of the equipment , which is gold - plated in places , almost looks like a work of art .
With it the quantum mechanical characteristics and effects of atoms and microelectronic circuits are intended to be brought into an optimal interaction .
This method is one of several approaches for developing the hardware of a quantum computer , on which multiple logical operations can be carried out simultaneously on so - called quantum bits or qubits .
In contrast to a classical computer , which only works with states 0 and 1 and where the computing operations are run in sequence on the bit , in a quantum computer the state of the qubits can be in superposition and accelerate complex computing operations .
The goal of the scientists on Wallraff 's team is primarily to find out how information is written onto a quantum bit , how it can be read out again and how information is transferred .
The initial aim is to develop basic components , on which quantum information can be stored for as long as possible and on the other hand it is possible to move between the components quickly and easily .
A versatile connection
Their chip with microelectronic circuits works with the quantum mechanical characteristics of photons instead of transistors .
In spite of the high clock speed of the circuit , the time available for processing quantum information with this type of qubit is very short , as the information stored is currently lost within just a few micro seconds , explains Wallraff .
Although the time for atomic qubits at up to one second is much longer , the clock frequency currently achievable is a thousand times slower .
By connecting both systems , researchers now wish to combine the advantages of the electronic and atomic systems :
This combination is the cornerstone of the quantum computer of the Wallraff group .
In Frédéric Merkt , Professor for Physical Chemistry at ETH Zurich , Wallraff has found the ideal partner for the new area of research he is creating .
One of his research areas is concerned with Rydberg atoms .
They are ideally suited for the atomic processing of quantum information , as they have a diameter which is some 1,000 to 10,000 times larger than a normal atom .
As a result they are well suited for interacting with the photons of the electronic circuit .
Letting photons and atoms communicate
Combining both systems  which by themselves are extremely complex  is a real challenge .
For example , the chip has to be produced from superconducting material , so that the information stored on it is retained for as long as possible .
In addition thermal photons that are present at room temperature also have to be eliminated .
Therefore , the chip must be cooled almost to absolute zero , just a few hundred thousandths of a degree above minus 273 degrees Celsius , which is realized using a specially developed cooling system .
Individual photons are created on the microchip .
An electromagnetic resonator circuit prevents them from flying off at the speed of light , before they interact with Rydberg atoms , which are guided over the chip .
The Rydberg atom is intended to act as a qubit and be switched from state 0 to 1 and vice versa by the photon .
The researchers are really excited about the results of this arrangement regarding how and whether the atom and photon will interact with each other .
In any case , the aim is that the atoms communicate with the electrical circuit .
 Only once we know how it works , can we begin to transfer information between the two qubit systems , says Wallraff .
Extensive knowledge
The incident happened on a major Moscow motorway Russia has launched a criminal inquiry following claims that traffic police used civilian motorists as a " human shield " to stop suspected criminals .
Several drivers were reportedly ordered to use their cars to form a barrier on a major Moscow motorway last Friday .
A vehicle driven by the suspected robbers smashed through the blockade minutes later and kept going .
No -one was hurt but several cars were damaged .
The traffic police commander in charge has already been sacked .
It is the latest in a series of reported incidents involving Russian police , who are seen by many Russians as corrupt and brutal .
Driver 's account Russia 's investigative committee , under the prosecutor general 's office , announced on Wednesday that a criminal investigation into the abuse of office by the traffic police was now under way .
We could have been killed .
What if the criminals had stopped ?
We could have come under fire ?
Is it really the case that our lives are worthless in the Russian state ?
Stanislav Sutyagin , driver
It said it would investigate every single officer involved .
Moscow police chief Vladimir Kolokoltsev has already fired traffic police commander Alexander Kozlov , whose subordinates conducted the operation .
Stanislav Sutyagin says he was he was one of the civilian motorists used in the blockade .
In a video posted on YouTube , he said the police had not informed the drivers about what was going on , including the fact that the suspects were armed .
He says that just minutes later the robbers ' car , a silver Audi , hit his Mercedes and a car of another motorist .
" We could have been killed .
What if the criminals had stopped ?
We could have come under fire ?
Is it really the case that our lives are worthless in the Russian state ? "
He added that the traffic police officers had parked their cars behind the civilian vehicles during the operation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scientists sometimes like to portray what they do as divorced from the everyday jealousies , rivalries and tribalism of human relationships .
What makes science special is that data and results that can be replicated are what matters and the scientific truth will out in the end .
But a close reading of the emails hacked from the University of East Anglia in November exposes the real process of everyday science in lurid detail .
Many of the emails reveal strenuous efforts by the mainstream climate scientists to do what outside observers would regard as censoring their critics .
And the correspondence raises awkward questions about the effectiveness of peer review – the supposed gold standard of scientific merit – and the operation of the UN's top climate body , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
The scientists involved disagree .
They say they were engaged not in suppressing dissent but in upholding scientific standards by keeping bad science out of peer - reviewed journals .
Either way , when passing judgment on papers that directly attack their own work , they were mired in conflicts of interest that would not be allowed in most professions .
The cornerstone of maintaining the quality of scientific papers is the peer review system .
Under this , papers submitted to scientific journals are reviewed anonymously by experts in the field .
Conducting reviews is seen as part of the job for academics , who are generally not paid for the work .
The papers are normally sent back to the authors for improvement and only published when the reviewers give their approval .
But the system relies on trust , especially if editors send papers to ­reviewers whose own work is being criticised in the paper .
It also relies on anonymity , so reviewers can give candid opinions .
Cracks in the system have been obvious for years .
Yesterday it emerged that 14 leading researchers in a different field – stem cell research – have written an open letter to journal editors to highlight their dissatisfaction with the process .
They allege that a small scientific clique is using peer review to block papers from other researchers .
Many will see a similar pattern in the emails from UEA 's Climatic Research Unit , which brutally expose what happens behind the scenes of peer review and how a chance meeting at a barbecue years earlier had led to one journal editor being suspected of being in the " greenhouse sceptics camp " .
The head of the CRU , Professor Phil Jones , as a top expert in his field , was regularly asked to review papers and he sometimes wrote critical reviews that may have had the effect of blackballing papers criticising his work .
Here is how it worked in one case .
A key component in the story of 20th - century warming is data from sparse weather stations in Siberia .
This huge area appears to have seen exceptional warming of up to 2C in the past century .
But in such a remote region , actual data is sparse .
So how reliable is that data , and do scientists interpret it correctly ?
In March 2004 , Jones wrote to ­Professor Michael Mann , a leading climate scientist at Pennsylvania State University , saying that he had " recently rejected two papers [ one for the Journal of ­Geophysical Research and one for Geophysical Research Letters ] from people saying CRU has it wrong over Siberia .
Went to town in both reviews , hopefully successfully .
If either appears I will be very surprised " .
He did not specify which papers he had reviewed , nor what his grounds for rejecting them were .
But the Guardian has established that one was probably from Lars Kamel a Swedish astrophysicist ­formerly of the University of Uppsala .
It is the only paper published on the topic in the journal that year .
Kamel analysed the temperature records from weather stations in part of southern Siberia , around Lake Baikal .
He claimed to find much less warming than Jones , despite analysing much the same data .
Kamel told the Guardian : " Siberia is a test case , because it is supposed to be the land area with most warming in the 20th century . "
The finding sounded important , but his paper was rejected by Geophysical Research Letters ( GRL ) that year .
Kamel was leaving academic science and never tried to publish it elsewhere .
But the draft seen by the Guardian asserts that the difference between his findings on Siberia temperatures and that of Jones is " probably because the CRU compilation contains too little correction for urban warming . "
He does not , however , justify that conclusion with any data or analysis .
Kamel says he no longer has a copy of the anonymous referee judgments on the paper , so we do n't know why it was rejected .
The paper could be criticised for being slight and for not revealing details about its methods of analysis .
A reviewer such as Jones would certainly have been aware of Kamel 's views about mainstream climate research , which he had called " pseudo - science " .
He would also have known that its publication in a journal like GRL would have attracted the attention of professional climate sceptics .
Nonetheless , the paper raised important questions about the quality of CRU 's Siberian data , and was a rare example of someone trying to replicate Jones 's analysis .
On those grounds alone , some would have recommended its publication .
Kamel 's paper admits the discrepancy " does not necessarily mean the CRU surface record for the entire globe is in error " .
But it argues that the result suggests it " should be checked in more regions and even globally " .
Jones was not able to comment on the incident .
Critics of Jones such as the prominent sceptical Stephen McIntyre , who runs the Climate Audit blog have long accused him of preventing critical research from having an airing .
McIntyre wrote on his web site in December : " CRU 's policies of obstructing critical articles in the peer - reviewed literature and withholding data from critics have unfortunately placed issues into play that might otherwise have been settled long ago . "
He also says obstructing publication undermine claims that all is well in scientific peer review .
Dr Myles Allen , a climate modeller at the University of Oxford and Professor Hans von Storch , a climate scientist at the Institute for Coastal Research , in Geesthacht , Germany signed a joint column in Nature when the email hacking story broke , in which they said that " no grounds have arisen to doubt the validity of the thermometer - based temperature record since it began in about 1850 . "
But that argument is harder to make if such evidence , flawed though it might be , is actively being kept out of the journals .
In another email exchange CRU scientist Dr Keith Briffa initiates what looks like an attempt to have a paper rejected .
In June 2003 , as an editor of an unnamed journal , Briffa emailed fellow tree - ring researcher Edward Cook , a researcher at Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory in New York , saying : " Confidentially I now need a hard and if required extensive case for rejecting [ an unnamed paper ] – to ­support Dave Stahle 's and really as soon as you can .
Please . "
Stahle is a tree -ring professor from the University of Arkansas .
This request appears to subvert the convention that reviewers should be both independent and anonymous .
Cook replied later that day : " OK , today .
Promise .
Now , something to ask from you . "
The favour was to provide some data to help Cook review a paper that attacked his own tree - ring work .
" If published as is , this paper could really do some damage , " he said .
" It wo n't be easy to dismiss out of hand as the math appears to be correct theoretically , but it suffers from the classic problem of pointing out theoretical deficiencies , without showing that their improved [ inverse regression ] method is actually better in a practical sense . "
Briffa was unable to comment .
Cook told the Guardian : " These emails are from a long time ago and the details are not ­terribly fresh in my mind . "
Jones did not restrict his harsh criticism of papers he saw as flawed to pre-publication reviews .
He and Mann also had a reputation for harsh criticism of journals that published papers they disagreed with .
In March 2003 , Mann discussed encouraging colleagues to " no longer submit [ papers ] to , or cite papers in " Climate Research .
He was angry about that journal 's publication of a series of sceptical papers " that could n't get published in a reputable journal " , according to Mann .
His anger at the journal had evidently been building for some time , but was focused in 2003 on a paper published in January that year and written by the Harvard astrophysicists Willie Soon and Sallie Baliunas .
The pair claimed that Mann 's famous hockey stick graph of global temperatures over the past 1,000 years was wrong .
After analysing 240 studies of past temperatures from tree rings and other sources , they said " the 20th century is neither the warmest century over the last 1,000 years , nor is it the most extreme " .
It could have been warmer a thousand years before , they suggested .
Harvard press-released the paper under the headline " 20th century climate not so hot " , which would have pleased lobbyists against the climate change consensus from the American Petroleum Institute and George C Marshall Institute , both of which had helped pay for the research .
Mann told me at the time the paper was " absurd , almost laughable " .
He said Soon and Baliunas made no attempt in the paper to show whether the warmth they found at different places and times round the world in past eras was contemporaneous in the way current global warming is .
If they were just one - off scattered warm events they did not demonstrate any kind of warm era at all .
Soon did not respond to Guardian requests to discuss the paper .
The emails show Mann debating with others what he should do .
In March 2003 , he told Jones : " I believed our only choice was to ignore this paper .
They 've already achieved what they wanted – the claim of a peer - reviewed paper .
There is nothing we can do about that now , but the last thing we want to do is bring attention to this paper "
But Jones told Mann : " I think the sceptics will use this paper to their own ends and it will set [ the field of paleoclimate research ] back a number of years if it goes unchallenged . "
He was right .
The Soon and Baliunas paper was later read into the Senate record and taken up by the Bush administration , which attempted to get it cited in a report from the Environmental Protection Agency against the wishes of the report 's authors .
Persuaded that the paper could not be ignored , Mann assembled a group of colleagues to review it .
The group included regular CRU emailers Jones , Dr Keith Briffa , Dr Tom Wigley and Dr Kevin Trenberth .
They sent their findings to the journal 's editorial board , arguing that Soon 's study was little more than anecdote .
It had cherry - picked data showing warm periods in different places over several centuries and had provided no evidence that they demonstrated any overall warming of the kind seen in the 20th century .
The emails reveal that when the journal failed to disown the paper , the scientists figured a " coup " had taken place , and that one editor in particular , a New Zealander called Chris de Freitas , was fast - tracking sceptical papers on to its pages .
Mann saw an irony in what had happened .
" This was the danger of always criticising the sceptics for not publishing in the peer - reviewed literature .
Obviously , they found a solution to that – take over a journal . "
But Mann had a solution .
" I think we have to stop considering Climate Research as a legitimate peer - reviewed journal .
­Perhaps we should encourage our colleagues … to no longer submit to , or cite papers in , this journal .
We would also need to consider what we tell or request of our more reasonable colleagues who currently sit on the editorial board . "
Was this improper pressure ?
Bloggers responding to the leaking of these emails believe so .
Mann denies wanting to " stifle legitimate sceptical views " .
He maintains that he merely wanted to uphold scientific standards .
" Please understand the context of this , " he told the Guardian after the scandal broke .
" This was in response to a very specific , particularly egregious incident in which one editor of the journal was ­letting in a paper that clearly did not meet the standards of quality for the journal . "
Naturally de Freitas defends his actions during the incident .
" I was never ever found to have done anything wrong , even in the rumpus over the Soon and Baliunas paper .
All accusations against me were fully investigated and my performance as editor of this journal was shown to be flawless . "
But many on the 10 - man editorial board agreed with Mann .
There was a revolt .
Their chief editor von Storch wrote an editorial saying the Soon paper should n't have appeared because of " severe methodological flaws " .
After their publisher Otto Kinne refused to publish the editorial , von Storch and four other board members resigned in protest .
Subsequently Kinne himself admitted that publication had been an error and promised to strengthen the peer review process .
Mann had won his argument .
Sceptical climatologist and Cato Institute fellow Pat Michaels alleged in the Wall Street Journal in December last year that the resignations by von Storch and his colleagues were a counter - coup initiated by Mann and Jones .
This is vehemently denied by von Storch .
While one of the editors who resigned was a colleague of Jones at CRU , von Storch had a track record of independence .
If anything , he was regarded as a moderate sceptic .
Certainly , he had annoyed both mainstream climate scientists and sceptics .
Also writing in the Wall Street Journal in December , he said : " I am in the pocket of neither Exxon nor Greenpeace , and for this I come under fire from both sides – the sceptics and alarmists – who have fiercely opposing views but are otherwise siblings in their methods and contempt ... I left the post [ as chief editor of Climate Research ] with no outside pressure , because of insufficient quality control on a bad paper – a sceptic 's paper , at that . "
The bad blood over this paper lingered .
A year later , in July 2004 , Jones wrote an email to Mann about two papers recently published in Climate Research – the Soon and Baliunas paper and another he ­identified as by " MM " .
This was almost certainly a paper from the Canadian economist Ross McKitrick and Michaels that returned to an old sceptics ' theme .
It claimed to find urbanisation dominating global warming trends on land .
Jones called it " garbage " .
More damagingly , he added in an email to Mann with the subject line " HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL " : " I ca n't see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report .
Kevin [ Trenberth ] and I will keep them out somehow – even if we have to redefine what the peer review literature is ! "
This has , rightly , become one of the most famous of the emails .
And for once , it means what it seems to mean .
Jones and Trenberth , of the National Centre for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado , had recently become joint lead authors for a key chapter in the next IPCC assessment report , called AR4 .
They had considerable power over what went into those chapters , and to have ruled them out in such a manner would have been a clear abuse of the IPCC process .
Today , neither man attempts to deny that Jones 's promise to keep the papers out was a serious error of judgment .
Trenberth told the Guardian : " I had no role in this whatsoever .
I did not make and was not complicit in that statement of Phil's .
I am a veteran of three other IPCC assessments .
I am well aware that we do not keep any papers out , and none were kept out .
We assessed everything [ though ] we cannot possibly refer to all literature …
Both of the papers referred to were in fact cited and discussed in the IPCC . "
In an additional statement agreed with Jones , he said : " AR4 was the first time Jones was on the writing team of an IPCC assessment .
The comment was naive and sent before he understood the process . "
Some will not be content with that .
Jones had been a contributing author to IPCC assessment reports for more than a decade and should have been aware of the rules .
Climate Research is a fairly minor journal .
Not so Geophysical Research ­Letters , published by the august American ­Geophysical Union ( AGU ) .
But when it began publishing what Mann , Wigley , Jones and others regarded as poor quality sceptical papers , they again responded angrily .
GRL provided a home for one of a series of papers by McIntyre and McKitrick challenging the statistical methods used in the hockey stick analysis .
When Mann 's complaints to the journal were rebuffed , he wrote to colleagues in January 2005 : " Apparently the contrarians now have an ' in ' with GRL . "
Mann had checked out the editor responsible for overseeing the papers , a Yale chemical engineer called James Saiers , and noted his " prior connection " with the same department at the University of Virginia , where sceptic Pat Michaels worked .
He added , " we now know " how various other sceptically tinged papers had got into GRL .
Wigley appeared to agree .
" This is truly awful , " he said , suggesting to Mann : " If you think that Saiers is in the greenhouse skeptics camp , then , if we can find documentary evidence of this , we could go through official AGU channels to get him ousted . "
A year after the row erupted , in 2006 , Saiers gave up the GRL post .
Sceptics have claimed that this was due to pressure from Wigley , Mann and others .
Saiers says his three - year term was up .
" My departure had nothing to do with attempts by Wigley or anyone else to have me sacked , " he told the Guardian .
" Nor was I censured , as I have seen suggested on a blog posting written by McKitrick . "
As for Mann 's allegation , Saiers does not remember ever talking to Michaels " though I did attend a barbecue at his home back in the early 1990s .
Wigley and Mann were too keen to conclude that I was in league with the climate - change sceptics .
This kerfuffle could have been avoided if the parties involved would have done more to control their imaginations " .
• This article was amended on Monday 15 February to correct the spelling of Sallie Baliunas 's name .
This article was further amended on 16 January 2012 .
The original stated that four reviewers of the Soon and Baliunas paper for the magazine Climate Research had recommended rejection .
In fact none had rejected the paper .
This has been corrected .
Contact
Contact us by email at firethe219@gmail.com
Client : “ I heard you are the one that can help me with anything . ”
Me : “ Thank you , how may be of service ? ”
Client : “ I have this site an Indian team built for me , but i does n’t work .
I need you to fix it for me ASAP . ”
Me : “ That ’s quite a lot of work .
I can do it , but it will take [ amount of time ] and will cost you [ amount of money ] . ”
Client : “ No , you do n’t understand , I ALREADY PAID for this website .
I just need you to fix it . ”
Me : “ I am sorry , what do I have to do with the Indian team ? ”
Client : “ You are an idiot !
Why would I pay you for the work I have already paid for ?
The Indians coded the website , you just have to fix it !
It ’s not like you are making me a new website . ”
Me : “ You are right , sir .
I am just making it functional and clean .
Unfortunately I have the bad habit of getting paid for this . ”
welcome to SAVAGE MEN
If you are looking for hot men with the sexiest dance moves to show you a good time , then you 've come to the right place !
Our Savage Men Strippers will make sure your Girls Night
Out is one to remember .
After all , you deserve more than the average strip club .
You deserve to party at an upscale environment with the best Magic Mike Style show in town !
We 're breaking into an elevated enemy base surrounded by jungle .
We have the benefit of cover , lush overgrowth and ancient ruins .
But the enemy has the advantage .
The approach to their base becomes Hamburger Hill .
I die over and over , sniped by a hundred unseen gunmen , trying to push my way toward the goal .
The fight starts feeling pointless .
Am I getting too old for this crap ?
I 'm currently embedded in MAG , the new PlayStation 3 shooter that puts up to 256 players on the same battlefield .
And at first , the notion of running and gunning with so many other people is exhilarating .
But after all these shots to the head , I feel like this most complex of shooters may only be navigable by younger players with the free time to learn how to handle a hundred human foes .
I 'm 37 , and I 've been gaming since the Atari 2600 .
Last year , at the peak of Modern Warfare 2 mania , I found myself in a hip Hollywood bar celebrating the birthday of an old college buddy .
We 're all in our mid-thirties .
As usual in a crowd of aging , buzzed geeks , the conversation veered toward videogames – specifically , the prowess of the young punks swarming the Call of Duty servers .
" They 're too good , " said the birthday boy .
" And now they 're killing you with knives before you even have a chance to shoot them .
It 's bullshit . "
Everybody in the bar agrees :
Young gamers are somehow better than older gamers .
Is it because they have fewer responsibilities and more free time ?
Or is it their youth that keeps them sharp ?
And what the hell can us old - timers , with one foot in our gamer graves , do about it ?
" The hottest new kid on the Halo 3 circuit is 14 , " says Rod Breslau , a journalist who covers competitive gaming associations like Major League Gaming .
He says kids are just wired better for shooters .
The world 's top Quake players are 16 , 17 and 20 , he says , and their raw reflexes give them the edge .
Wisdom from Grandpa Walsh — — — — — —— —-
David Walsh is the oldest player in Major League Gaming .
The kids call him " Grandpa Walsh . "
He is 25 .
" The younger guys have much more refined motor skills , [ having grown up ] with more - advanced systems , " Walsh says .
In other words , they cut their teeth on Halo 2 while we were playing Pac - Man .
" I do n't feel like getting older means getting worse , " he says .
" I just think that the younger guys are getting so much better . "
It 's tough to argue that free time , or the lack of it , is n't a factor .
Jason Thompson , a 30 - year - old South Carolina middle - school teacher with a wife and a 6 - year - old , struggles to find a spare moment to play Modern Warfare .
" It is frustrating to come back to the game and feel like I 've been left behind , " he says .
Thompson is careful not to mix school and gaming – he politely declines requests to play with his students , preferring to mix it up with fellow dads .
One of his teammates is expecting his first child , and the gamers discuss birthing classes and day care during firefights .
By building a strong team of grown - ups , Thompson believes he 's found a way to leverage his experience and stay competitive .
" We mostly play ' Domination , ' which is a tactical game , " he says .
" This requires us often to sacrifice our lives in the defense of our flag , or in the capturing of an enemy 's flag . "
" Most younger players , " he says , " are so obsessed with keeping their kill / death ratio high that they rarely play correctly in tactical games . "
Tactics and teamwork — — — — ——
–
Young players ' superior twitch reflexes might help them keep their kill counts high and their deaths low , but that 's not teamwork .
Thompson 's teammate Dave Hill , 32 , says cooperation is the secret to their success in modern war games : " We communicate well , play as a team , help each other out and usually stick to a predetermined plan . "
Some oldsters do n't even bother trying to outwit the kids with age and experience .
" As you get older , your want to be schooled by a 15 - year - old supergamer disappears , " says game writer Chet Faliszek , who works for Valve and worked on Left 4 Dead .
" You know you can't beat him . "
Faliszek says that many older gamers gather on the forums of his company 's Steam service to start private matches in Left 4 Dead , a cooperative shooter that forces four friends to work together to survive the zombie apocalypse .
Online , it pits players against each other in teams : four humans versus four infected zombies .
The situation seems crafted to suit older gamers like myself , who would rather play together than die alone .
That was supposed to be the hook of MAG .
The game 's massive battles are meant to bring players together by throwing them into smaller units , each of which is led by a more experienced tactical player .
These leadership roles would seem to be tailor - made for the older gamer , interested more in tactics than being on the front lines .
But the job of trying to transform a squadron of teenage strangers into a well - oiled machine must require the patience of a saint – like herding cats , if the cats stopped every so often to call you gay .
I sync my Bluetooth headset to my PS3 and fire up MAG one more time .
None of my friends are playing the game , so I 'm hoping I get lucky and stumble upon some good teammates .
I jump into a match .
The chatter in my headset makes me feel like I just climbed onto a prison short bus in Mobile , Alabama .
My knuckle - dragging squad mates drawl insults at each other , make fun of my handle and call everyone 's sexuality into question .
Maybe it is just a matter of being able to put up with it :
Who else but a fellow teenager would stand for this constant abuse long enough to get any good at the game ?
I no longer even care to find out if I can hold my own , and I turn off the PS3 .
After all , when you 're an old man like me , you 've got to pick your battles .
Image courtesy Sony Computer Entertainment
See Also :
Posted by Nick .
Barnes | Filed under Uncategorized
After the release of ccc- gistemp 0.3.0 , I contacted Dr Reto Ruedy of NASA GISS to ask him to try out the release and have a look through it .
Dr Ruedy responded , thanking us for our effort , and saying “ I hope to switch to your version of that program ” .
After some further discussion , he clarified this :
When GISS has the resources :
Ideally , we would like to replace our whole code
.
They are busy with other things , and wo n’t have the resources for quite some time .
Also , we will need to do some more work , to interface our code with various GISS tools ( such as the station data web page ) .
Nonetheless this is very much to the credit of the whole ccc - gistemp team .
Well done , everybody .
Leave a Reply
DAYTON , Ohio -- Smiling Arkansas - Pine
Bluff players plopped into the black folding chairs at courtside and checked their cell phones for congratulatory messages before heading out the arena door to get on yet another bus .
Finally , the Golden Lions had found a road trip to their liking .
Allen Smith scored 14 points Tuesday night , including a pair of 3 - pointers during the Golden Lions ' second - half surge to a 61 - 44 victory over Winthrop in the NCAA tournament 's opening game .
The Golden Lions ( 18 - 15 ) will play Duke , the No. 1 seed in the South Regional , on Friday in Jacksonville , Fla. -- a place they somehow missed during a season - opening jaunt that nearly did them in .
" It seems like we play better on the road than we do at home because we 're so used to being on the road , " said center Lebaron Weathers said . "
Did n't feel that way at the start of the season .
The Golden Eagles spent the first two months playing some of the country 's best teams on the road , going everywhere and getting nowhere .
They dropped their first 11 games -- all on the road -- losing at schools such as Texas - El Paso , Michigan , Oklahoma State , Georgia Tech , Missouri , Kansas State and Oregon .
Players cranked up their iPods and let their music soothe them during 13 - hour bus rides across the heartland in November and December , ones that bonded them for much better things in March .
" We think it brought them together , " coach George Ivory said .
" You 've got to stay together on the road .
You get to know each other better .
You go through some bumps and bruises on the road , playing in some pretty tough places . "
The basketball equivalent of boot camp hardened them for a Southwestern Athletic Conference season that would be much more kind .
Their next destination is with history -- a chance to pull off the unprecedented first - round upset of a No. 1 team by a 16 seed .
Ivory knows a little bit about that .
He was a star at Mississippi Valley State , which kept up with No. 1 Duke in 1986 before falling 85 - 78 .
" You see Duke a lot on TV , " Ivory said .
" You see them so much , it 's kind of like you just know what they 're going to do . "
The fast exit was familiar for Winthrop ( 19 - 14 ) , which has made the tournament nine times in the last 12 years but has only one victory in all those tries .
Winthrop got the type of game it wanted , but could n't make a shot as another tournament slipped away .
Charles Corbin scored 13 points for the Eagles , who shot 29 percent from the field and went 2 of 21 behind the 3 - point arc .
" We picked a bad time to have a bad game , " coach Randy Peele said .
" We played really frustrated .
I had n't seen that from us for a while . "
Neither team shoots particularly well -- no player averages more than 10 points for either one .
Instead , they win with tight defense and rebounding .
These mirror - image teams settled in to slog one out on the NCAA 's big stage .
Midway through the first half , there were as many shots blocked as made .
Bored fans started doing the wave .
Arkansas - Pine Bluff 's Tavaris Washington missed two dunk attempts .
Both teams shot under 30 percent from the field in the first half , which ended with the Golden Lions up 24 - 23 .
Ugly ?
Not to these two .
Corbin was the only shooter with any semblance of a touch , making his three attempts in the first half .
His 3 - pointer started a 13 - 2 run that gave Winthrop a 23 - 17 lead .
The Golden Lions caught up by drawing fouls and making free throws .
Then , Smith changed everything with two uncontested shots .
Smith hit a pair of 3s -- a rarity in this game -- as Arkansas - Pine Bluff pushed its lead to 38 - 31 .
He held up his right hand in the " OK " sign -- three fingers extended -- after connecting from the left corner and the top of the key .
Things were anything but OK for Winthrop when the Golden Lions ' Terrell Kennedy , a bulky front - line player , swished only his second 3 - pointer of the season to beat the shot clock , helping Arkansas - Pine Bluff pull ahead 14 .
Winthrop would never get closer than nine the rest of the way , unable to make an open shot or get a turnover to set up a layup .
" That became frustrating for me personally , " said Mantoris Robinson , the Big South 's two - time defensive player of the year .
" I felt if we got some stops , our offense would flow .
But we did n't shut them down . "
For the final touch , Smith got an open 3 from the left wing and swished it with 16.3 seconds left , then gave his " OK " sign one last time .
This road trip was definitely more than OK .
Escrito por Mark hace más de un año | 35 comentarios
Manuel Mondragón es un personaje olvidado de la historia de México .
No es para menos , a pesar de ser un excelente diseñador de armamento ; estuvo en el bando equivocado de la guerra no una , ni dos , sino tres veces .
Y como bien dicen : la historia la escriben los vencedores .
( Offtopic : frecuentemente me mencionan que el " típico bigote mexicano " es parecido a esto : ⩀. No es así.
El bigote típico Mexicano es el de la foto ) .
A principios de los 1890s en Tacubaya , México , le sería encargado a un oficial del ejército mexicano uno de los retos armamentísticos más importantes del mundo en aquel momento : la creación de un rifle automático ( metralleta ) de infantería confiable .
No tenía mucho con qué trabajar .
México era por entonces un país pobre , aquejado por múltiples conflictos civiles y antagonismos sociales .
Era un estado agrario , sin capacidad de producción industrial , y sin un conocimiento técnico que sirviera como plataforma para el desarrollo tecnológico de lo que le estaban solicitando .
También existía otro pequeño detalle : las metralletas aún no habían sido inventadas .
Es más , aún se estaban perfeccionando el fusil monotiro ( los rifles donde una pulsación del gatillo produce una bala , sin necesidad de recargar manualmente ) .
México era gobernado por el dictador Porfirio Díaz , el cual — en un intento de asegurar prestigio , fama y seguridad — apoyó los esfuerzos de Mondragón .
En 1893 Mondragón presentaría el primer rifle automático , su fama fue catapultada a un escenario donde los diseñadores de armamento profesionales de Alemania , Inglaterra , Francia , Italia y Estados Unidos seguían trabajando sobre rifles monotiro .
Aunque se diseñó en México , no se tenían fábricas capaces de montar un equipo tan sofisticado , por lo que se enviaron los dise ños Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft ( SIG ) en Neuhausen , Suiza .
Allá Mondragón entabló amistad con el director del Centro de Pruebas Armamentísticas en Thunn , y le ayudó a diseñar un cartucho adecuado para el novedoso rifle .
El resultado tuvo sus altas y bajas .
Pateaba demasiado , requería bastante mantenimiento , y el funcionamiento estaba ligado a la calidad de las balas .
Si había una bala de mala calidad que no generara la suficiente presión , no existiría suficiente energía para cargar la siguiente bala .
Tal vez esta animación de un AK - 47 que funciona bajo el mismo principio lo deje más claro :
Aunque por otra parte , simplemente mantenías presionado el gatillo y veías caer a tus adversarios uno a uno .
Otra cualidad inesperada fue que el rifle era extraordinariamente preciso .
Durante la Segunda Guerra Mundial , Alemania agregó una mirilla y lo usó en modo monotiro como rifle de francotirador .
Mondragón seguiría patentando varias armas , algunas de las cuales se pueden encontrar en Google Patents .
El más curioso es esta bayoneta / pala , que según Mondragón serviría para cavar trincheras , acuchillar enemigos , y para cortar madera o cables ( cada uno de los bordes tenía un filo especial para cada material ) .
La foto viene de esta página donde piensan que tiene la inscripción porque posiblemente el hierro proviene del pueblo de Madera , en México .
Según la descripción del propio Mondragón en Google Patents se equivocan .
Además diseñó el cañón Saint Chaumond - Mondragón que ( cincuenta años después de su diseño ) seguiría sería usado por el ejército de Israel en la guerra contra lo que hoy es Palestina .
Debido a su origen mexicano , los israelís lo apodarían " La Cucaracha " .
A pesar del ingenio de Mondragón , Porfirio Díaz no pudo contener la gran olla de presión que era México a principios del siglo pasado , y en 1910 estalló la Revolución Mexicana .
Mondragón estuvo— evidentemente — del lado del dictador que lo apoyó en su camino a la fama .
Sin embargo , en 1913 Madero triunfó e instauró un brevísimo régimen democrático , solo para ser derrocado y asesinado a manos de un compañero revolucionario suyo : Victoriano Huerta .
Huerta instauró una nueva dictadura e hizo a Mondragón General del Ejército Mexicano , sólo para ser exiliado tras derrotas a manos de contra - contra - revolucionarios y rumores de que quería instaurar un golpe de estado .
Se marchó en España , donde murió en 1922 , no sin antes habérsele otorgado la Legión de Honor por el gobierno Francés .
Tras sólo un año de dictadura , Victoriano Huerta tendría que renunciar bajo presiones de batallas perdidas y un pueblo enardecido por sus actos .
Huyó del país y tras un par de años planeando cómo llevar a cabo otro golpe de estado , murió de cirrosis .
Está demás aclarar que Huerta es uno de los personajes más viles de la historia mexicana .
Y así , estando Mondragón del lado equivocado de la historia ( por voluntad propia ) no ha pasado a ser mas que un pie de página en la historia .
Pero no sería su última deshonra : su hija fue Carmen Mondragón , mejor conocida como Nahui Ollin , fue una prominente poetisa del grupo de los intelectuales de extrema izquierda en México en los 40s .
Seguro su padre se revolcó en su tumba .
Debate over internet filtering in Australia is rapidly descending from high comedy into total farce , as Communications Minister Stephen Conroy ploughs on with his interesting approach of never committing just one gaffe when he can so easily commit two .
The issue , yet again , is focused on a script on the home page of the Communications Ministry which very cleverly displays a tag cloud containing containing search terms related to government policy , but - as El Reg reported last week - even more cleverly excludes the term " internet filtering " from its search .
This time , it ’s the origin of the script that is under the microscope , as sharp - eyed techies noticed last week that the code contained a reference both to the original author of the script - a blogger and web developer named Aleks Bochniak – and the name of the individual who modified it .
Bochniak is reported as saying : " No , I did n’t write it for their website .
They must have taken a version of my ‘ tag cloud ’
Javascript off one of my website tutorials .
Their code is basically a modified version of mine . "
However techies could , at least last week , have discovered the identity of the person whose code was " borrowed " by government .
Not any more , however , as not only has Bochniak ’s name been removed – but also the name of the person who amended it , allegedly " at the request of family members " .
Curiouser and curiouser .
Meanwhile , what about the exclusion of that pesky search term ?
In answer to questions about why the department has done this , officials have claimed it is merely to cut down on overlapping terms .
According to one spokesperson : " The word wall on the minister ’s website is a visual representation of communication from the minister via media releases .
ISP - level filtering is part of the Government ’s cyber safety policy and cyber safety is represented on the word wall . "
As explanations go , this is something of a fail , since the tag cloud continues to highlight multiple references to subjects like Digital TV and broadcasting .
The plot thickens , as questions about the Minister ’s conduct on this issue continue to pile up , and the explanations – as well as the response – grow ever more bizarre . ®
Elaine Betts took care of her family and friends , took care of her neighborhood .
I know , because she used to live on my block , before she bought a little house a few blocks away and started taking care of that neighborhood .
When she was diagnosed with cancer last year , she continued to take care of others -- sending a reassuring note that she'd had a good , long , interesting life , and that we should not worry about her .
She took care of herself , too , and in early October sent her application for a medical marijuana card to the state via registered mail .
That card finally arrived a few days ago -- more than five months after Elaine had applied , and over two months since she died .
Colorado has been swamped with an unexpected flood of requests for medical marijuana cards .
By the end of last June , 10,000 patients had registered , with 400 new applications arriving each day .
By this fall , when Elaine applied for her card , over a thousand applications were delivered to the health department office doing the processing on some days , and the post office was beginning to complain .
In January , when the office was still working on September applications , a record 1,650 applications arrived in a single day .
The current count of official MMJ patients in this state is at 60,000 , and estimates have that growing to 100,000 soon .
Initially , the department was trying to turn around applications within a few weeks .
But the wait for a card had stretched to ten weeks , then twelve .
Now it 's grown much , much longer .
Too long for Elaine , who passed away on December 31 .
While she waited for her card , she was able to use copies of her paperwork to get the medicine that helped assuage her pain .
By the time that card finally arrived , she no longer needed it .
But others do , and as the legislature continues to consider new rules that will regulate the medical marijuana industry , they should remember why voters approved Amendment 20 in the first place back in 2000 .
For patients like Elaine , who want to take care of themselves .
Elaine was memorialized at a service on January 16 , a " Celebration of a Life Well - Lived . "
Almost a quarter of Republicans think Obama ' may be the Antichrist ' as 14 states sue over healthcare reforms
Americans who suggest Barack Obama should rot in hell are apparently deadly serious .
Nearly a quarter of Republicans believe the Democrat president ' may be the Antichrist ' , according to a survey .
An even greater number compared him to Hitler .
Just another boys ' club : Barack Obama , centre on the phone , is surrounded by male aides at the White House as they plot healthcare reform this week in a new image released today .
The President has been compared to the Antichrist
Mr Obama was jubilant this week after securing his £ 626 billion healthcare reform plan .
But his triumph seems only to have inflamed his critics among the evangelical Christians from America 's heartland who kept George Bush in power for eight years and have demonised his successor .
More than half of the Republicans quizzed by Harris Poll , 57 per cent , believed the president was secretly Muslim , something he has consistently denied .
And 67 per cent of Republicans who responded believed Obama was a socialist , despite his central leanings .
The startling results came as lawyers representing 14 U.S. states filed lawsuits yesterday challenging an overhaul of the country 's $ 2.5 trillion healthcare system , minutes after President Barack Obama signed the landmark legislation .
One joint lawsuit by a dozen Republican attorneys general and a Democrat claims the sweeping reforms violate state - government rights in the U.S. Constitution and will force massive new spending on hard - pressed state governments .
Virginia went to court separately , while Missouri Republican Lieutenant Governor Peter Kinder said he would like to join the suit .
' A big f****** deal ' : Mr Biden ( second left ) gaffed as the president signed the historic healthcare reform bill
The joint suit , led by Florida , was filed with a federal court in Pensacola , according to the office of Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum .
In addition to McCollum , the Republican attorneys general from Alabama , Colorado , Idaho , Michigan , Nebraska , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Texas , Utah and Washington joined the suit .
The lawsuit says the law - which expands government health plans for the poor , imposes new taxes on the wealthy and requires insurers to cover people with pre-existing medical conditions - violates the Constitution 's commerce clause by requiring nearly all Americans to buy health insurance .
Mr McCollum said : ' It forces people to do something - in the sense of buying a healthcare policy or paying a penalty , a tax or a fine - that simply the Constitution does not allow Congress to do . '
Mr McCollum , who is seeking the Republican nomination to run for Florida governor , said the healthcare reforms would add $ 1.6 billion to Florida 's spending on the Medicaid health program for the poor .
The Justice Department , which is responsible for defending U.S. law in court , pledged to vigorously fight any challenges to the new healthcare law .
' We are confident that this statute is constitutional and we will prevail , ' said Justice spokesman Charles Miller .
The White House agreed the suits would fail .
' There have been hearings about the constitutionality of the law , and I think there 's pretty much widespread agreement that it is constitutional , ' Nancy - Ann DeParle , director of the White House Office of Health Reform , said .
' I think we have governors who might be aiming for higher office who are starting to just send a message . '
The suits were filed just moments after Mr Obama signed the healthcare reforms into law .
But on the most historic occasion of his presidency so far , vice - president Joe Biden managed to put his foot in it .
Gaffe - prone Mr Biden inadvertently broadcast the F - word to America after he introduced the President to sign his much vaunted health reform bill into law yesterday .
After hugging Mr Obama at a a ceremony in the White House , Mr Biden leaned in and whispered in the President 's ear : ' This is a big f****** deal .'
The remark was caught on microphones recording the event that was shown live across the country .
By last night , the clip was being replayed all over the internet .
White House aides seemed to be unembarrassed , with press secretary Robert Gibbs later tweeting : ' Yes , Mr Vice - President , you 're right . '
Novell has rejected Elliott Associates ' unsolicited bid for the company which valued it at around two billion dollars .
In an announcement on Saturday , Novell said that the bid for the SUSE Linux and Identity Management business was " inadequate " and that it " undervalues the Company 's franchise and growth prospects " .
Elliot made its bid on the 2nd of March .
The Novell board has now authorised a " thorough review " of ways to enhance stockholder value including options such as a stock repurchase , cash dividends , re-capitalisation or a sale of the company ; the latter option may suggest that Novell is searching for buyers other than Elliott Associates .
The Novell announcement is hedged saying that there is " no assurance that this will result in any agreement or transaction " and that the company will not disclose any developments with respect to the alternatives until approved by the board .
( djwm )
Professor Brian
Cox travels to the tallest mountain on Earth to show how something as basic as a planet 's size can make the difference between life and death .
Professor Brian
Cox visits some of the most stunning locations on Earth to describe how the laws of nature have carved natural wonders across the solar system .
The worlds that surround our planet are all made of rock , but there the similarity ends .
Some have a beating geological heart , others are frozen in time .
Brian travels to the tallest mountain on Earth , the volcano Mauna Kea on Hawaii , to show how something as basic as a planet 's size can make the difference between life and death .
Even on the summit of this volcano , Brian would stand in the shade of the tallest mountain in the solar system , an extinct volcano on Mars called Olympus Mons , which rises up 27 km .
Yet the fifth wonder in the series is n't on a planet at all .
It 's on a tiny moon of Jupiter .
The discoveries made on Io have been astonishing .
This fragment of rock should be cold and dead , yet , with the volcanic landscape of eastern Ethiopia as a backdrop , Brian reveals why Io is home to extraordinary lakes of lava and giant volcanic plumes that erupt 500 km into the sky .
© СВАЛКА , 2003 –2020 .
Авторы дви Ш ка : megath [ aka duro ] , skupr , спасиб о MakZ 'у за пинки ;) , Methos'у за скин sandbox , Татьяне за синий скин , Сверстайг о Сайтег за вебдванолизацию синего скина .
Также огромное спасибо всем , кто сюда что - то когда - то постил , и тем , кто постил тем , кто постил , а также - авторам ) ) )
in this hectic modern world , there are few things that guarantee trust .
even our old friend the handshake could be co-opted by liars , thieves and schemers of all kinds
let ’em know you ’re trustworthy , because in addition to this transaction , you ’re also willing to take on all his diseases
that oughta rally the troops come q3 !!!
The idiomatic expression “ on a wing and a prayer ” is a now widely used to describe doing something under extremely difficult or disadvantageous circumstances and hoping that sheer luck , determination and / or God will allow its success .
During World War II , when the phrase first became part of the English language , it had a literal application .
It referred to Allied airmen flying back to their base in damaged planes , hoping and praying that they ’d make it .
In his Dictionary of Catch Phrases ( first published in 1977 ) , the great language maven Eric Partridge speculated that “ a wing and a prayer ” was originally associated with the British Royal Air Force .
He thought it might have been used by RAF pilots as early as 1940 .
That ’s possible .
But there are no newspapers or other sources I could find online that used the phrase prior to 1943 , which is when it was made famous by an American song inspired by news stories about an American bomber crew .
On February 26 , 1943 , a B - 17 “ Flying Fortress ” bomber piloted by Hugh G. Ashcraft , Jr. of Charlotte , North Carolina was limping back from a bombing mission in Germany to an American base in England .
The plane , dubbed The Southern Comfort by its crew , had been riddled by flak and was damaged severely , “ with a hole four feet square in the rudder , the nose shattered and the Number 3 engine spewing oil and flames . ”
As they approached the shores of Britain , Ashcraft told his men over the radio : “ Those who want to , please pray . ”
Miraculously , Ashcraft got the The Southern Comfort to its home base and landed it safely , generating news in his home state of North Carolina and elsewhere about the pilot and crew that “ prayed ” their plane back .
The incident made Ashcraft a local celebrity .
After the war , he became the first president of the Harris Teeter chain of supermarkets , which was first established in North Carolina and grew to have 243 stores in seven states .
The stories about Ashcraft ’s cool - headed bravery and his suggestion to pray inspired the songwriting team Harold Adamson and Jimmy McHugh to write a new patriotic song .
The catchy phrase that popped into the mind of Adamson , the lyricist , was “ Comin ’ in on a Wing and a Prayer . ”
“ Comin ’ in on a wing and a prayer .
Comin ’ in on a wing and a prayer .
Though there ’s one motor gone , we can still carry on ,
Comin ’ in on a wing and a prayer . ”
The first popular version of the song , recorded by The Song Spinners , was released in June 1943 .
Their version quickly became a hit .
Soon , the song was being recorded and performed live by a long list of other singers , groups and bands , making it one of the biggest hits of the year .
One of the hippest versions recorded in 1943 was by a black vocal group from Missouri called The Four Vagabonds .
( If you have n’t heard it , get hip by clicking this link to listen to it . )
I also personally love the far more recent cover of the song by Ry Cooder , on his 1972 album Boomer 's Story .
If you ’re a World War II history buff , you may know that the song also inspired the title of the 1944 movie Wing and a Prayer ( a.k.a .
A Wing and a Prayer : The Story of Carrier X ) .
That classic film , starring Dana Andrews and Don Ameche , is about American aircraft crews .
However , it ’s set in 1942 in the Pacific theater and is not about The Southern Comfort or B - 17s .
If you ’re highly - knowledgeable about aviation history , like my late friend writer Robert F. Dorr , you may know the aircraft primarily featured in the film are Grumman TBF Avenger torpedo bombers , Grumman F6F Hellcat fighters and Curtiss SB2C Helldiver dive bombers .
You ’d have to be a serious expert on planes , like Bob , or a student of anachronisms in movies , to know those planes were n’t actually used on U.S. Navy carriers until 1943 .
Anyway , the fame of Adamson and McHugh ’s hit song of 1943 , which lent its title to a popular film the following year , firmly embedded “ a wing and a prayer ” in our language .
It ’s a phrase that ’s still familiar to most people , even if they ’ve never heard the song or the story behind it .
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Nearly a decade on from the completion of the draft sequence of the human genome , researchers should work with the same intensity and focus to apply the results to health .
See online collection .
The race to complete the first human genome sequence had everything a story needs to keep its audience enthralled — right down to a neck - and - neck sprint for the finish by two fierce rivals .
In the end , the result was basically a tie .
The rivals — the international , publicly funded Human Genome Project and the private , for - profit company Celera Genomics then based in Rockville , Maryland — jointly announced the completion of their draft sequences in June 2000 at a gala televised press conference attended by US President Bill Clinton and UK Prime Minister Tony Blair .
The White House press statement articulated the hope , felt by many , that this landmark achievement would “ lead to a new era of molecular medicine , an era that will bring new ways to prevent , diagnose , treat and cure disease ” .
This issue of Nature takes a look at the next chapter in the story — the first post - genome decade — then asks how the tale might unfold in the years to come .
For many scientists , the chronicle of that first decade is an intensely personal one .
Not only were they inspired by this example of what researchers can do as group , but they found that the availability of the sequence shaped their lives and their research in ways they could not have predicted .
On page 668 , we share the experiences of some of those in thick of the race .
But we also want to hear about yours : we would like you to take part in Nature 's brief survey about the genome 's impact at http://www.nature.com/humangenomesurvey.
The results will be published later this year .
The first post - genome decade saw spectacular advances in science .
The success of the original genome project inspired many other ' big biology ' efforts — notably the International HapMap Project , which charted the points at which human genomes commonly differ , and the Encyclopedia of DNA Elements ( ENCODE ) , which aims to identify every functional element in the human genome .
Dramatic leaps in sequencing technology and a precipitous drop in costs have helped generate torrents of genetic data , including more than two dozen published human genomes and close to 200 unpublished ones ( see page 670 ) .
Along the way , geneticists have discovered that such basic concepts as ' gene ' and ' gene regulation ' are far more complex than they ever imagined ( see page 664 ) .
But for all the intellectual ferment of the past decade , has human health truly benefited from the sequencing of the human genome ?
A startlingly honest response can be found on pages 674 and 676 , where the leaders of the public and private efforts , Francis Collins and Craig Venter , both say ' not much ' .
Granted , there has been some progress , in the form of drugs targeted against specific genetic defects identified in a few types of cancer , for example , and in some rare inherited disorders .
But the complexity of post - genome biology has dashed early hopes that this trickle of therapies would rapidly become a flood .
Witness the multitude of association studies that aimed to find connections between common genetic variants and common diseases , with only limited success , or the discovery that most cancers have their own unique genetic characteristics , making widely applicable therapies hard to find .
Biotechnology companies , including Celera , deCODE Genetics in Reykjavik , Iceland , and Human Genome Sciences of Rockville , have had to rethink their optimistic assumption that selling human genetic information could turn a profit .
Excitement over start - up companies offering personal genetic testing has withered just as fast , as it has become clear that their predictions have little actionable value ( see page 680 ) .
This gap between basic research and clinical application has not escaped the notice of funding agencies , many of which are now investing serious money in a bid to close it .
The US National Institutes of Health , for example , has established a string of major clinical and translational science centres over the past few years , and in February it established a joint council with the Food and Drug Administration aimed at promoting translation .
Similar efforts are under way elsewhere , such as those being rolled out by the UK Medical Research Council .
It is not yet clear whether such efforts will be enough for genomics .
Given the biological complexities involved , applying knowledge of the human genome to health may well require a community - wide effort as determined and as systematic as was the project to sequence it in the first place .
That effort would need to solve a long - standing mismatch : the rapidly increasing ease of gathering genomic data versus the continuing difficulty of establishing what the genetic elements actually do .
One intriguing experiment in high - throughput functional analysis appears on page 721 , where the authors detail how they systematically disabled each of the 21,000 protein - coding genes in human cells and then captured and processed microscope images of the resulting cellular behaviour .
The effort would also require even more imaginative ways to visualize and draw meaning from the flood of genomic and molecular data ( see page 678 ) .
It would require interdisciplinary teams that can provide know - how not just in research , but in the issues such as intellectual property , informed consent , finance and regulatory bureaucracy that are needed to keep discoveries moving through the agonies of clinical development .
Perhaps it would even require an explicit challenge to foster fervour and competition .
For example , the X - Prize Foundation of Playa Vista , California , is offering a prize of US $ 10 million to the first group to sequence 100 human genomes in ten days .
Why should n't some organization offer a reward and kudos for , say , the next genetics - based cancer drug to go from basic genomic data to approved therapy within ten years ?
True , real - world therapies are unlikely to have metrics as clear as those in genome sequencing , in which progress can be measured in base pairs read per day and there is a well - defined end point .
But the need is no less urgent , and the collective will to reach such goals should be no less intense .
More than anything , the race to sequence the human genome proved that researchers comfortable in their individual pursuits are capable of incredible cohesion , focus and breathtaking speed .
They rewrote the research rule - book , broke with the conventions of individual academic goals and left the public with the sense that anything is scientifically possible .
The ten years since have brought astounding technological and intellectual advances .
But ten years from now , when the story of the genome 's first two decades is being told , it should include equally astounding applications to human health .
Editorial
The human genome at ten
Books & Arts A reality check for personalized medicine Muin J Khoury , James Evans & Wylie Burke
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
What did the human genome sequence mean to you ?
Take part in Nature ’s online survey .
For more online extras visit http://www.nature.com/humangenome
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
Judge Baltasar Garzón 's latest case once again involves a high profile defendant : himself .
After making headlines around the world for going after the likes of Osama bin Laden , the late Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet or Silvio Berlusconi , the Spanish judge will be sitting in the dock rather than presiding , charged with " perverting the course of justice " .
The reason ?
He dared to launch an investigation of the crimes of the Francoist dictatorship that ruled Spain between 1936 and 1975 and carried out well over 100,000 summary executions without proper trial .
And if you think this is odd just wait , there 's more : the plaintiffs in this case are three far - right political organisations , among them Falange Española , none other than the old Fascist party , which is in fact credited with most of those atrocities Garzón was set to investigate .
Actually , he did n't really intended to investigate any atrocities at all , rather he was acting at the behest of victim 's relatives who wanted to find and exhume their bodies .
As I have written in a previous article , there are more mass graves in Spain than in Bosnia and still more missing persons than in Argentina .
What Garzón did was to demand information about their possible murderers as a necessary step to searching for the corpses .
Even this was too much .
Sounds bizarre ?
Truth be told , it actually makes a lot of sense .
The case nicely encapsulates two serious failings in contemporary Spain .
The first is the existence of a highly politicised and professionally incompetent judiciary .
One of the two supreme court judges behind Garzón 's prosecution , Adolfo Prego , often euphemistically described as " ultra - conservative " , contributes opinion pieces to a pro-Franco magazine , while the other , Luciano Varela , is known for his professional enmity towards Garzón .
The second problem this case also exposes is , of course , the eternal , unresolved question of General Franco 's place in Spain 's collective memory .
Yes , Franco died in bed , and the transition towards democracy was piloted by a group of young Francoists and a king who had been appointed by the General ( skipping his father , the actual heir to the crown ) .
True , the opposition went along with it , mostly for fear of a military coup ( which happened anyway , and failed ) .
But whatever the merit of the choices made back then , a dangerous myth was born : that Francoism 's lack of accountability was the price to pay for having a democracy , while democracy is all about accountability .
The fact is that since then we have moved into a different world , one in which human rights abuses should always be investigated , no matter the arrangements made by the perpetrators .
One of those arrangements could be the 1977 amnesty law , which is at the heart of the Garzón case .
In the interpretation of judges Prego and Varela , that law grants a blanket pardon for any political offence committed from the beginning of life on earth to that year of 1977 , and Garzón , by ignoring it , would have abused his powers .
But , is it even true ?
No so sure .
Jaime Sartorius , one of the proponents of the 1977 law has made it very clear recently that it had been intended only for the thousands jailed by the Francoists at the time , not for their jailers .
It could n't be otherwise , since the law related to the Francoist penal code , which , needless to say , did n't contemplate any crimes committed by the regime or its officials .
Tellingly enough , pro-Franco lawmakers at the time refused to even take part in the drafting of the law and did n't vote for it .
Sounds like strange behaviour if the law had been beneficial to them .
It is true that the wording of the bill is so vague that it can be distorted to mean what it does n't say ( it does n't even mention Franco or the Francoists ) , but Sartorius advises us to browse through the transcript of the debate held before its approval and realise for whom the amnesty was really intended .
And yet , should all this be of any importance ?
The 1977 law is pre-constitutional and a general pardon for crimes against humanity would be in contradiction with international treaties signed by Spain .
That is why in 2008 the UN human rights committee demanded that it be scrapped on the grounds that it could lead to serious misunderstandings .
And right they were .
Only that it 's not exactly a misunderstanding .
A recent article in the New York Daily News by Marcus Winters , from the Manhattan Institute ( a right - wing , pro-corporate think tank ) , sums up in a sentence the “ appeal ” of charter schools : “ Freedom from the often preposterous restrictions imposed by … collective bargaining agreements allows charters to focus on student learning . ”
What are those preposterous restrictions contained in the teachers ’ contracts ?
Are they the impediments to student learning ?
What ’s needed , according to Winters , is the ability to force teachers to work longer hours and perform whatever tasks the administration asks , and finally , to fire them .
( Actually , he mentions the ability to fire teachers first . )
Though I ’d like to reject this out of hand ( especially in light of what just happened in Rhode Island with the wholesale firing of the teachers in Central Falls High ) , this notion has some currency .
Let ’s talk about teachers ’ hours .
The teachers I know work evenings and weekends , preparing lessons and grading student work .
With the increase in standardized testing and data collection , I ’m sure that has gone up .
At my kids ’ recent parent teacher conferences , each teacher had pages of printed out data , with separate numerical scores for their homework , class work , tests and projects .
I thought about how much time it must have taken them to do all those calculations for the 75 or so children they each teach .
Frankly , I was amazed that in addition to the detailed scoring , they were able to also offer insight into my children ’s thinking , progress and behavior .
I do n’t doubt that most schools could use more staff , but the solution is n’t more hours for existing teachers .
What about making it easier to fire teachers ?
There are surely bad teachers , just as there are surely bad principals and administrators .
But just how many teachers deserve to be fired ?
New York City ’s Department of Education has a special team with a million dollar budget and a staff of eight lawyers and eight others whose job is to help principals build cases against teachers .
According to The New York Times ( which admits that these are unsubstantiated figures ) , the DOE claims that there are 500 teachers it would like to fire for incompetence – out of 55,000 .
That ’s less than 1 percent of the total .
Michael Mulgrew , the president of New York ’s United Federation of Teachers , said teachers have “ no desire to have incompetent or misbehaving colleagues but also insist that the discipline process be fair and objective . ”
Not one of the teachers at the Rhode Island high school had received a negative performance review , and the superintendent and school board made no allegation of incompetence on the part of any individual teacher – nevertheless all were fired .
So what is the answer to the problems in the public schools ?
While teacher training , support and development are very important , the biggest problem , the 800 - pound gorilla in the room , is the de-funding of public education that has gone on since the 1970s .
More resources are the key .
New York ’s Alliance for Quality Education , which battled to change the state ’s funding formula that has severely shortchanged urban school districts , commissioned many studies on the impact of funding , and proved something that was probably obvious to parents in poor communities – money matters .
Another NYC advocacy group , Class Size Matters , has focused on the proven success of smaller class sizes on “ increasing learning and narrowing the achievement gap . ”
And by the way , because the teachers have class size caps in their contract , they have led the fight against the overcrowding that is still endemic in the city .
And even Diane Ravitch , one of the architects of “ No Child Left Behind , ” no longer argues that “ charters , merit pay and accountability ” are key to improving schools .
Rather , she has concluded that “ charter schools are proving to be no better on average than regular schools , [ and ] in many cities are bleeding resources from the public system . ”
Blaming the teachers ’ unions for the “ failure ” of the public education system is at best a red herring , at worst a cynical way to divide the stakeholders in the schools , teachers from parents and the community .
Though the problems are complex and systemic , the solutions are simpler : we need a major increase in funding for public education , all aspects of it , including teacher training and support .
Sorry , this is n't about the TV show , it 's about funny pictures and funnier writing
Plaid Theme by David Kang
on •
A MIRACULOUS STORY ….
I was privileged to witness …
Oh yes ….
I remember Pastor Joe .
We were associate pastors together at Calvary Temple in Denver .
He was a quiet man , humble and loving .
As a member of the pastoral staff , I would visit hospitalized members of the congregation in rotation with other pastors .
As there were many thousands of members it was a long tumultuous task when it came my time to serve .
There were 18 pastors on staff , and we went out in pairs of two… .
Not all the pastors visited the hospital so it was on my schedule at least once a week .
I had partnered up with Pastor Joe .
He had previously been a Catholic priest , before converting , and coming to work at a Protestant church .
He was a good amount older than I .
He had come out of the charismatic Catholic movement , and I loved to follow him along and have him teach me a lot of different things , including Latin .
We would visit and pray with the members of the church in the hospital , going out two at a time , to keep each other company and to encourage one another .
I loved going with Joe , as I loved to listen to him pray for the sick , there was something about the way he prayed , the strength of his faith , his deep sense of caring that made me want to develop the same in my heart .
Many times as he prayed , his heart felt sincerity would move me to tears .
One day while we were visiting in a hospital , we walked by a room and Joe said , “ Hold on a second , I want to go in this room and pray for this man ” .
I told him that the man was not on our list , and he said , yes he is , as the Spirit just instructed me to pray for him .
I said OK .
I followed him in as he began to speak to a man who was in a coma , and had been in a coma for many weeks .
Joe spoke with him and prayed with him , and we left .
Over the next couple of months I accompanied Pastor Joe , and every time we had hospital visitation , we would visit Frank , the man in the coma .
Every time Joe would pray with him , even inviting him to pray the sinner ’s prayer with him .
I told him Joe , “ Why did you keep doing that , he is in a coma , he ca n’t see you or hear you , you are wasting your time ” .
He said “ I do n’t pay attention to what my eyes see , or the nurses say , I pay attention to what the Spirit tells me ” .
He would always say to me … ” So .. Pay attention , listen to the fat man and learn ” … LOL
On Wednesday nights we had LIFT at the church , ( Lay Institute For Training ) and on one Wednesday night there came a phone call to the church and one of the ushers came up to Joe , who I happened to be seated next to , and told him that there was a phone call for him from the hospital , regarding someone named Frank .
As I followed Joe to the phone , I stood and listened not believing what my ears were hearing .
On the other end of the phone speaking with the assistance of a nurse was Frank , the man who had been in the coma .
Even though he had never seen Joe , he knew his name , knew that he was a pastor , and the hospital knew Joe by name and was able to contact him .
Upon hanging the phone up , Joe turns to me and says , “ Frank is awake and is asking for me by name ” .
Not understanding how or what I was hearing , I quickly headed with Joe to the hospital .
Upon arrival to the hospital there was Frank , his eyes wide open , alert , a huge smile on his face and full of excitement to meet Joe .
There were two of us as we walked in , but his eyes immediately looked at Joe , and not at me , as if they were old friends .
Joe rushed to his bedside and they embraced , weeping .
As he wept , Frank said that during the time that he was in a coma that he heard every word that Pastor Joe had said , in fact they were the only words he had heard during his coma .
Not only had he prayed the sinners prayer with Joe , he began quoting scriptures that he had memorized from hearing Joe speak and pray with him , over and over again .
I stood there stunned , crying along with Joe and Frank .
I was witnessing what was to me the greatest thing I had ever seen .
It has been an event that has changed my life , and my thought process and faith when it comes to prayer and healing .
I have prayed for the sick many times since then in my life , and when I pray …
In my head , quietly to the Lord I say an extra small prayer ….
I say , ” Lord help me have the faith that Joe had , and let my heart be sensitive to your Spirit , so that I may be able to hear your instruction , see , minister to and be aware of all the Franks of this world that need You ” .
Share this : Tumblr
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Categories : Body of Christ , Power of Prayer , Prayer , Preacher , Restoration , Stories of Grace , Supernatural
By Bob Howard
The Donal MacIntyre Show , BBC Radio 5 live
40 000 students who graduated last year are still seeking full - time jobs " I 've been looking for a job ever since I graduated last year .
When I started , it was for paid work , but I soon realised that was unlikely , so I thought I 'd have a better chance with an unpaid internship . "
Like 40,000 other students who graduated from university last summer , Craig is still trying to land his first full - time job .
As a stop - gap , he is working for free for a marketing company .
" It 's something you need to do at the moment to get experience , " he says .
The government is eager for others to follow in Craig 's footsteps and sees internships as a means for new graduates to earn valuable vocational experience .
Eighteen months ago , the Department for Business Innovation and Skills set up the Graduate Talent Pool , a website for England that is currently advertising just under 9,000 intern vacancies .
However , approximately a third of these posts offer only expenses , even though they can last for six months or longer .
It 's very difficult .
I 'm also working part - time to support myself .
I 've got enough money for this month but after that I 'm going to have to leave my internship
Craig , graduate intern
There are concerns that many graduates from less well - off backgrounds , as well as those burdened with thousands of pounds of student debt , cannot afford to take advantage of these opportunities .
Craig is nearly a month into his unpaid six - month internship and is already struggling .
" It 's very difficult .
I 'm also working part - time on a Friday evening and Saturday to support myself .
I 've got enough money for this month but after that I 'm going to have to leave my internship . "
Graduate exploitation ?
Concerns have also been raised that companies recruiting unpaid interns , like Craig , are actually breaking the minimum wage law .
Craig is expected to work full - time office hours , Monday to Friday , with a list of specific duties .
The legal definition of what constitutes work includes having set hours ; being engaged for an extended period of time and being given a defined role rather than just observing .
The law says anyone who is " working " must be paid the national minimum wage - for anyone 22 or over it is currently £ 5.80 an hour .
David Lammy says it is important for young people to know their rights
Recruiting graduates to work for free for periods of six months or more has led to accusations of exploitation .
The TUC says it is concerned about the number of unpaid internships advertised on the Graduate Talent Pool website .
It has been successful in getting some advertisements taken down that it believes breached rules on the minimum wage .
Matt Dykes , a policy officer from the TUC , says more needs to be done to stop graduates being exploited .
" This sends out entirely the wrong signals to young job seekers and to employers , appearing to condone the practice of not paying people for the jobs they 're doing .
" Much more needs to be done to ensure employers know that these kind of internships are unacceptable . "
David Lammy , the Minister for Higher Education , told 5 live 's Donal MacIntyre programme : " If there are things going on , we want to know .
We will take down those employers off the site , and it is important young people recognise and know their rights . "
Craig says his employer is helping him to apply for assistance grants from his former university , but says he would probably be asked to leave if he asked the company to pay him .
The reason many graduates persist with working for free is the lure of a possible paid job at the end of their internship .
' Strung along '
Elliott is living at home with his parents near Dartford , in Kent , after completing a degree in psychology last summer .
He has undertaken two internships , which paid just expenses - the first for one month and another for three months .
He says he only took the second internship because of the initial promise of being offered a paid job at the end .
" There were three interns there .
We all were under the impression that we would get a job , but it emerged there were never going to be three jobs , " he says .
Elliott left his second internship after two months , as he felt he was being strung along with a false promise .
LISTEN TO THE FULL REPORT Subscribe to the podcast Email the programme donal@bbc.co.uk Follow the Donal MacIntyre Programme on Facebook
He feels strongly that they should have been paid at least the minimum wage .
" When you 're asking people to do important things which a company needs to be done , and you want them to be there over a long period of time , it does become work which needs to be paid . "
However , if Elliott and Craig were living in Wales , they would be in a more fortunate position .
The Welsh equivalent website of the Graduate Talent Pool - Go Wales Work Placements - guarantees a minimum £ 240 per week , for 10 weeks , for anyone who finds an internship through the site .
In England , interns are eligible for Job Seekers Allowance , but only if they have already been claiming the benefit for six months prior to starting their internship .
In Scotland and Northern Ireland , there are no official internship schemes as of yet .
Mr Lammy remains confident in promoting internships for graduates , and sees them as an effective resource in helping to kick - start careers .
" The number one priority is to support young people in the employment market .
I think the Graduate Talent Pool does that .
" Do we want young people to have these skills on their CV , or do we want them sitting at home ? "
Listen to the full report on the Donal MacIntyre programme on BBC 5 live on Sunday , 7 February at 19.30 GMT .
You can also download the free podcast or listen via the BBC iPlayer Contact the programme by email : donal@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Senator Kate Lundy to make her final stand against mandatory filtering during caucus debates in the next two weeks
The Federal Labor party is set to vote on whether or not mandatory filter plans become legislation within the next two weeks , according to Government Senator , Kate Lundy .
“ What I ’m trying to achieve is putting up sensible ideas within my own party to change our policy , ” she said .
“ It will be up to a vote on the floor of Caucus as to what that final policy looks like and I ’m anticipating legislation will come forward in this sitting fortnight . ”
The move puts Senator Lundy up against Communications Minister , Senator Stephen Conroy , and the Prime Minister , Kevin Rudd , both of whom have publicly backed the filter .
Senator Conroy is known to be a strong advocate and has rejected public protests as well as political opposition from Independent Senator Nick Xenophon and the Australian Greens .
Prime Minister Rudd has also made public declarations of support for the filter and sees the filter as a method of stopping “ awful material ” from reaching the public .
But despite their heavy hitting support , Senator Lundy is leading a move to add an opt - out option for Internet users .
“ I believe my constituents think there is a problem and they want something done , but they ’re not comfortable with the mandatory filter as it ’s currently proposed , ” she said .
A spokesperson for Minister Conroy said the draft legislation on mandatory filtering was set to be released in the next two weeks , but would now be delayed .
“ The Government will introduce the legislation after it has been considered by Caucus and Cabinet , ” it said .
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 DLC Due Alongside Modern Warfare 2's as DICE Throws Gauntlet
The same day , March 30 , will see DICE release its second " VIP Map Pack " for Bad Company 2 , it revealed in a blog post titled " how to avoid ' mapathy ' without paying . "
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 and Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 Battlefield : Bad Company 2 and Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2
Available as a free unlock to those that bought the game new , VIP Map Pack 2 will enable players to play Arica Harbor in Conquest Mode and Laguna Presa in Rush Mode .
And unlike Modern Warfare 2's downloadable content , which is hitting Xbox 360 before PC and PlayStation 3 , Bad Company 2's will hit all three platforms on the same day .
" We 're dedicated to taking care of this product for a long time - helping you avoid " mapathy " without getting nickel - and - dimed , " said DICE , explaining :
[ New content ] also plays a vital part in making sure you , the players get proper value for the money you 've invested in Battlefield : Bad Company 2 .
This is why these map packs are available at no extra cost , contradicting the industry standard and what our direct competitors are doing .
Of course , it also helps avoid segmenting the community , making sure everyone can play together having the same maps available .
There will be future paid downloadable content as well but these packs will focus on expanding other parts of the game experience rather than the selection of maps available for the basic game modes
Of course , that " free " part only applies to those with a new copy of Battlefield : Bad Company 2 .
As part of EA 's fight against piracy and second - hand sales , new copies of the console editions come with a one - time use code to redeem the " VIP Membership " that delivers free content -- second - hand players need to pay for VIP treatment , even though the maps are already on the game disc and simply unlocked by the download .
Following the failure of the recent Copenhagen summit to secure a meaningful international deal to limit carbon emissions , do you think he is right ?
Have your opinions on what is happening to our climate changed ?
Is there cause for scepticism ?
Does this winter ’s cold weather have any bearing on the climate debate ?
The Internet allowed extremists to contact , recruit , train and equip the suspect responsible for the attempted Flight 253 bombing on Christmas Day " within weeks , " a top Pentagon official told lawmakers Wednesday .
That relatively brief timeframe only speaks to how quickly extremist groups have " optimized " the Web and developed a " highly evolved " process by which to develop terrorist networks , added Garry Reid , deputy assistant secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Combating Terrorism .
ADVERTISEMENT
" Enabled by 21st - century technology , extremists have optimized the use of Internet chat rooms , Web sites and e-mail chains to spread their virulent messages and reach a global audience of potential recruits , " Reid told the Senate Armed Services Committee in prepared testimony .
" It is this highly evolved radicalization process that enabled al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to make contact with a wealthy Nigerian student living in London , recruit , train and equip him in the remote tribal regions of Yemen , position him in the Netherlands and ultimately dispatch him on a suicide mission to the United States , all within a period of weeks , " Reid added .
" By contrast , the 9/11 operation took about two and a half years to develop from the time Osama bin Laden approved it in April 1999 , " he said .
Wednesday 's hearing before the Senate Armed Services ' Emerging Threats subcommittee arrives as federal prosecutors investigate how suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab evaded airport security and almost detonated a bomb aboard Flight 253 over Detroit last year .
But it is not the only recent terrorist act or plot with roots traceable to the Web , according to federal officials .
A grand jury on Tuesday indicted Pennsylvania woman Colleen Renee LaRose — known in reports as " Jihad Jane " — for conspiring to commit terrorism abroad .
LaRose was arrested last year for allegedly passing information to known terrorist groups , which she first contacted online .
Last year , federal investigators also discovered that Maj .
Nidal Malik Hassan e-mailed an allegedly radical cleric in Yemen prior to killing 13 officers at the Fort Hood military base .
However , intelligence officers reportedly knew about those exchanges before the attack .
Consequently , those testifying at Wednesday 's hearing agreed that U.S. intelligence needed to pay more attention to those emerging threats online , identifying extremist networks and responding to those who pose an imminent risk to U.S. interests .
“ If we can stop them upstream when they are becoming radicalized , then obviously we have an easier job of it than when they are downstream and they are getting into all kinds of dangerous activities , ” said Ambassador Daniel Benjamin during prepared testimony .
( This guest post previously appeared at the author 's blog )
CA housing is double - dipping right now .
After surprisingly strong September through December sales due to the original Nov end date of the stimulus coupled with a sharp drop in mortgage rates in Sept , January and February CA sales have dropped sharply , both coming in below year - ago levels .
February ’s 28,111 sales was slightly higher than Jan ’s 27,585 but still made for the SECOND straight YoY lower sales comparable .
And last Jan & Feb -- coming off of a rotten 2008 -- the global financial markets were imploding , QE was new , prices were still falling and sentiment was terrible .
This year with sentiment measurably better across everything lower house sales is remarkable .
Yes , sales usually fall in Jan & Feb , but with rates and tax stimulus at historic levels and most thinking both will end soon , seasonality should be somewhat muted like from Sept to Dec .
Bottom Line - Despite rates being at record lows and stimulus ending soon , sales are not picking up like they did last year three months before the Nov end of the original stimulus .
The stimulus driven market hand - off to a normal market has not occurred .
Organic sales -- me selling a house to you and the true gauge of the health of the housing market -- have stabilized at very low levels due to epidemic effective negative equity while foreclosure - resales languish due to the artificial lack of supply .
In addition , median prices are again trending lower , as organic sales remain depressed and over the past couple of months , distressed sales have picked up slightly as a percentage of total sales .
In Feb , new Notices - of - Default outpaced sales by 10 % , meaning the supply pool is filling quicker than it ’s draining , and the mid - to - high end market continues to fall .
Lastly , comps were easy in Jan and Feb and the tough comps begin in March through year - end -- the first two months of 2010 were only a taster .
We are running out of sellers and buyers quickly , as HAMP has kept distress inventory at extremely low levels relative to last year and epidemic effective negative equity -- not enough equity to sell ( pay a Realtor and put a down payment on a new house ) and re-buy -- has trapped 10s of millions in their houses across the nation .
Additionally , flip - resales that have provided a noticeable boost in sales counts due to double - counting will diminish in 2010 due to the heavy handed foreclosure prevention in 2009 , providing a further drag that few are looking for .
What now ?
With foreclosures artificially depressed for the past year due to HAMP and other aggressive initiatives , houses that are most in demand are becoming scarce .
The only way for the 2010 sales pace to keep up with the 2009 stimulus and distress driven market is for foreclosures and short sales to flood the market .
This is what the two primary buyer groups -- investors and first - timers -- want .
If foreclosures do not begin to crank up right now -- or for some reason HAFA is not rolled out as it should be - house sales will disappoint for most of 2010 just like you are seeing now but worse as comps get tougher .
In fact , sales could outright collapse without abundant distressed inventory as investors and first timers do not make up a strong foundation and can literally turn it off overnight .
Yes , if distressed properties flood the market prices will be negatively effected but not like during 2007 - 2008 because sales will pick up .
And prices are under pressure again anyway .
# 986 – Socked
Posted on March 23 , 2010 at 12:00 am by Chris
I sold most of the books at the most recent show I went to .
The books I had left would all fit inside my carryon bag .
There was a little bit of space at one end so I filled that with two cellphone chargers , a camera battery charger , an ipod and headphones .
When security at the airport put by bag through the x-ray a second time … really slowly …
I figured this probably was n’t the best idea .
When they started unpacking it and swabbing for explosive residue I realized what the x-ray must have looked like with a thick solid rectangle at one end and a jumbled mess of electronics and wires at the other .
More than 50 new surface earthquake faults have been discovered in California over the last two decades , according to a new state map that officials hope will help guide future development decisions and emergency planning .
The state ’s fault activity map , produced by the California Geological Survey , is the first in 16 years and offers a sober reminder of California ’s quake risks .
The new faults range from small ones that do n’t pose much threat for major temblors to very large ones , like that responsible for the 7.1 Hector Mine earthquake that shook Southern California in 1999 .
Most of the faults have been known to researchers , and information on them is contained in scientific files .
But state officials and quake experts hope that putting all the faults on one map will educate the state about quake risk zones and help residents grasp the geography of the fault lines .
Advertisement
“ I think every classroom in California should have these maps on the wall , ” said Caltech seismologist Lucy Jones .
“ I do n’t think we do enough to educate the general public about these features .
We turn it into something for the specialists , as if science is only for scientists .
But if you ’re going to buy a house , would you like to know what fault is under your house ? ”
About 50 new faults might not seem like a lot in a state with thousands of them .
But experts say the new maps point to a basic fact of seismology :
The more scientists study quakes in California , the more faults — and dangers — they find .
“ These maps are used to make a lot of other maps , to map landslides , areas where you have liquefaction because of earthquakes , for tsunami coastal mapping , ” state geologist John Parrish said .
“ They can be used to make decisions on where to build schools and hospitals , where you need a higher standard of construction .
They can tell you what kind of a surface you ’re building on , and how close you are to a fault . ”
The release of the map comes amid an increased interest in quakes in California and beyond .
Last month ’s 7.2 quake south of Mexicali produced thousands of aftershocks , including dozens registering above magnitude 4.0 .
As a result , officials said 2010 is shaping up to have significantly more quakes greater than 4.0 than any year in the last decade .
Advertisement
Parrish said the map represent the state ’s best efforts at compiling information on the faults across California and will hopefully be used to enhance earthquake preparedness .
With the new digital images as a base , The Times has produced its own map of Southern California ’s earthquake exposure , showing the potential magnitude of quakes .
The Times map couples the surface faults on the state map with estimates in the 2007 Uniform California Earthquake Rupture Forecast , a study of the likelihood and probable magnitude of quakes .
Parrish and others stressed that residents should not necessarily be alarmed if they live or work near one of California ’s estimated 15,000 faults .
Many of those are fairly short , and experts have found no evidence that they have generated sizable temblors .
But others can produce major quakes .
Some of the new faults were discovered after a large quake erupted there .
Scientists , however , found others through research and say they have a history of major seismic activity that could date back thousands of years .
Advertisement
The new faults are spread across the region and include some along Santa Monica Bay and the Orange County coast as well as some — including Hector Mine — in the Mojave Desert .
One new fault of concern to seismologists is the Maacama , which runs along the coastal mountains of Northern California .
Parrish said one goal of the new maps was to make them easier for the public to understand .
The map uses color - shaded relief to better show the paths of fault lines and contours of the geology around them .
“ The 1994 map was very good for the time , ” he said .
“ But there ’s been a lot of mapping done in the intervening years , with more details here and there .
New areas have been mapped , with new interpretations . ”
The map shows only surface faults ; those below the surface , such as the one that caused the Northridge quake , are not included .
The California Geological Survey also released a new geology map , identifying the composition of rock and soil across the state — key to how earthquakes inflict damage — for the first time since 1977 .
Advertisement
Formed because of the Gold Rush , the office that became the survey was initially created to provide detailed information about mining .
Despite numerous devastating earthquakes over the years , it was n’t until a 7.3 magnitude quake struck Kern County in 1952 and killed a dozen people that the office got involved in public safety .
The fault activity map is the fourth the state has released .
Wally Lieu , engineering section manager for the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California , said his agency is eager to review the new map .
He said that the MWD already uses seismic maps in planning projects but that the state map provides additional useful information .
“ Anything they have is of interest to us , especially in electronic form , ” Lieu said .
“ We have a mapping team in engineering , and they have responsibility for updating our maps as we collect information . ”
Advertisement
Parrish said the digital version of the new maps should be updated far more rapidly than in the past .
If a new fault is discovered , it could be only months before its location is reflected electronically , he said .
hector.becerra@latimes.com
Times staff writer Doug Smith contributed to this report .
Française , Sandrine Ageorges , n ’en est pas moins la représentante internationale de la Coalition texane pour l’abolition de la peine de mort .
Depuis le 23 décembre dernier , elle tient la Chronique d’une mort programmée , celle d’Hank Skinner , son mari , actuellement enfermé jour et nuit , seul , la lumière allumée 24h / 24 , dans une cellule de 4m2 .
Condamné à mort en 1995 pour un crime qu’il nie avoir commis , Hank Skinner , aura 48 ans le 4 avril 2010 .
Il fait partie des 10 condamnés à mort que le Texas a prévu d’exécuter d’ici juillet 2010 .
Il aurait déjà du être exécuté ce 24 février 2010 .
C’était le jour de l’ouverture du congrès mondial contre la peine de mort , où intervenait Sandrine Ageorges .
L’exécution a été reportée d’un mois , et est prévue ce mercredi 24 mars .
Hank Skinner réclame la commutation de sa condamnation en peine de prison à perpétuité afin de parvenir à démontrer son innocence .
Il réclame une expertise génétique : ni la police , ni la justice , n’ont jamais vérifié si son ADN correspondait aux traces laissées par le meurtrier , au motif qu’il avait déjà été jugé , et que la justice à l’époque n’avait pas estimé nécessaire d’y procéder .
Un coupable idéal
Dans les années 90 , Hank Skinner était devenu la bête noire du bureau du shérif et du procureur local : fervent défenseur des droits des prisonniers , il venait en aide aux détenus , avait contribué à des plaintes de prisonniers concernant les conditions de détention , et accordé de nombreuses interviews sur la façon qu’avait le shérif de violer leurs droits .
Le 31 décembre 1993 , Hank , qui avait absorbé un cocktail de Vodka et de codéine ( qui a un effet sédatif , et à laquelle il était allergique ) , tombe dans un état comateux .
Faute de pouvoir le réveiller , l’ami venu le chercher pour fêter le réveillon ne partira qu’avec Twila Busby , la petite amie de Hank Skinner , et ses deux fils de 20 et 22 ans .
Dans la soirée , l’oncle de Twila , particulièrement saoûl , un homme violent qui l’avait déjà violé deux fois , ne cessa de la harceler , au point qu’elle décida de rentrer .
Peu de temps après , elle est battue à mort , frappée à la tête à 14 reprises avec un manche de hache , et étranglée , ses deux fils poignardés .
Miraculeusement , Hank Skinner , lui , n’a rien , mais son état est toujours pitoyable : incapable de tenir debout lorsque la police vient le chercher ( voir la photo ) , on serait en droit de douter qu’il ait pu trouver la force d’assassiner ainsi trois personnes d’affilée .
A contrario , et avant même de s’être rendu sur place , le shérif n’en désigne pas moins Hank Skinner comme principal suspect , et demande qu’il soit arrêté , avant de mener une enquête exclusivement à charge , omettant par exemple de s’intéresser aux traces de botte de taille 46 retrouvées dans la mare de sang ( Hank chausse du 42 ) .
Signe des défaillances de l’enquête , la police ne prit même pas la peine d’interroger l’oncle de la victime qui , pour seule réaction lorsqu’il apprit que sa nièce et ses deux fils venaient d’être assassinés , se contenta d’aller nettoyer les moquettes intérieures de sa voiture à grandes eaux .
La voisine de Hank Skinner , dont le témoignage plaidait contre lui , a depuis expliqué qu’elle avait témoigné à charge et sous la pression des policiers , parce qu’ils voulaient l’accuser de complicité au motif qu’Hank Skinner avait trouvé refuge chez elle dans la nuit , qu’elle avait donc cherché à le cacher .
Son avocat , commis d’office ?
Son ancien ennemi
Dans son malheur , et non content d’avoir le shérif contre lui , l’avocat commis d’office de Hank Skinner , Harold Comer , ne fut autre que l’ex - procureur qu’il avait précédemment combattu , et dont il avait à plusieurs reprises dénoncé les méthodes douteuses d’accusation …
Entre-temps , Comer avait été destitué de son poste de procureur pour avoir déposé sur son compte personnel 10 000 $ confisqué à un dealer .
En échange du remboursement de ladite somme , il ne fut pas condamné , mais autorisé à exercer le métier d’avocat .
Persuadé de la culpabilité de Skinner , Comer défendit d’autant moins bien son ancien adversaire politique qu’il devait donc plaider sa cause devant l’Etat du Texas , envers qui il était redevable , et qui le lui rendit d’ailleurs fort bien , comme s’en indigne Sandrine Ageorges - Skinner , pour qui la condamnation de son mari est un mélange sordide de politique ( au Texas , l’accès aux tests ADN n’a quasiment jamais été accordé aux condamnés à mort ) , voire même de corruption :
Comment accepter que l’avocat commis d’office pour son procès n’était autre que l’ancien avocat général du Comté , démissionnaire pour avoir détourné des fonds issus des saisies de dealers locaux , qui conserve le droit d’exercer en contrepartie de sa démission et qui est remplacé par son propre assistant pour le procès ?
Que penser de ce même avocat commis d’office qui a touché les honoraires les plus élevés jamais versés au Texas pour représenter un accusé passible de la peine de mort , montant correspondant quasiment au dollar près à l’amende qu’il devait régler au fisc , faute de quoi il serait allé en prison ?
En 1995 , Hank Skinner était condamné à mort .
La femme du condamné
Abolitionniste depuis son adolescence , Sandrine Ageorges ( voir le portrait que lui consacre Le Monde ) a commencé à correspondre avec lui en 1996 , avant de devenir sa femme , en 1998 , afin de porter son combat .
Depuis 20 mois , elle n’a plus le droit de le voir : « L’administration carcérale se méfie , explique Sandrine .
Nous n’avons cessé de dénoncer les conditions de détention des condamnés . « .
Enquête à charge , procès bâclé , avocat ( commis d’office ) déficient , elle dénonce un grand nombre d’incohérences , et d’irrégularités :
Aucune preuve matérielle n’a été présentée lors du procès .
La théorie de l’accusation reposait uniquement sur un témoin qui s’est ensuite récusée .
Elle a expliqué comment elle a été menacée et a du fournir une fausse déposition à la police et un faux témoignage basé sur un script fourni par le bureau de l’avocat général lors du procès .
Les deux expertises scientifiques effectuées avant le procès le disculpe .
Les deux expertises scientifiques effectuées pendant ses appels le disculpe également .
Les analyses scientifiques confirment son incapacité physique à se tenir debout ou à marcher à l’heure des crimes .
L’état détient les preuves non-expertisées qui peuvent prouver son innocence .
Ses requêtes pour les tests ADN ont été rejetées alors qu’il a toujours proposé de les payer .
En attendant l’exécution
« Tous les éléments dans cette affaire portent à croire que le Texas s’apprête à tuer un innocent » , estime Laura Aubert , chargée de cours à l’École de criminologie .
« Aussi étrange que cela puisse paraître , les armes du crime , un nécessaire à prélèvements vaginaux , les ongles d’une des victimes et une veste d’homme retrouvée sur la scène et tachée de sang n’ont jamais été analysés » .
Le sang sur le couteau utilisé par le meurtrier , tout comme les cheveux trouvés dans la main de la victime , n’ont pas été analysés , pas plus qu’il n’a été effectué d’examen pour vérifier si elle avait été violée , alors qu’elle était à moitié nue et que tout porte à le croire : « Que penser d’un dossier dans lequel la majorité des échantillons prélevés sur le lieu du crime n’a été testé ni pour le procès , ni lors des appels ? « , plaide Sandrine Ageorges - Skinner :
Que penser du peu d’expertises effectuées qui le disculpent ?
Comment accepter que la technologie disponible de nos jours peut simplement et rapidement confirmer son innocence , mais qu’aucun tribunal n’accepte d’autoriser la défense à effectuer des tests privés ?
L’appel de Hank Skinner a été rejeté par la Cour d’appel du Texas .
Son exécution est donc prévue pour mercredi prochain à minuit heure française .
Ensemble contre la peine de mort appelle tous les citoyens et organisations à venir manifester devant l’ambassade des Etats - Unis à Paris , ce merdredi 24 mars , place de la Concorde , à 17h .
Un jour viendra où la justice acceptera forcément et enfin d’effectuer les tests que réclament Hank Skinner depuis des années , et l’on saura alors si , comme il le laisse entendre , l’oncle de Twila était bien son meurtrier .
L’oncle en question est depuis décédé , il ne pourra donc jamais s’en expliquer .
La question est de savoir si Hank Skinner sera toujours en vie lorsque l’on apprendra la vérité .
A noter , enfin , que contrairement à ce qui se passe dans un nombre croissant d’Etats aux USA , la justice française interdit elle aussi aux personnes condamnées d’effectuer des contre - expertises scientifiques ou génétiques des personnes condamnées , au motif que la chose a été jugée , et quand bien même aucune expertise n’ait été effectuée lors du procès .
Aux Etats - Unis , a contrario , l ’Innocence Project a libéré 251 innocents de prison , en démontrant que leur ADN n’était pas celui que le véritable coupable avait laissé sur la scène du crime .
Depuis 1973 , aux USA , 139 condamnés à mort ont été libérés parce que leur innocence avait finalement été démontrée .
Neuf autres condamnés n’ont pas eu cette chance : leur innocence ne faisait pas de doute pour leurs défenseurs , ils n’en ont pas moins été exécutés , dans le Texas pour cinq d’entre-eux .
L’un des derniers à avoir été innocenté , Cameron Todd Willingham , lui aussi condamné à mort , dans ce même état du Texas , pour avoir prétendument tué ses trois fillettes , n’a pas pu être libéré : lorsque les preuves de son innocence ont enfin été réunies , il avait déjà été exécuté .
Il n’avait pourtant cessé de clamer son innocence , jusqu’à ses derniers mots , consultables sur le site web du Texas Department of Criminal Justice , qui répertorie non seulement la liste des personnes exécutées , mais également leurs derniers mots :
Voir aussi la contre - enquête menée par David Protess , professeur de journalisme à l ’Université de North Western en Illinois , avec l’aide de quelques étudiants , ainsi que le site web consacré à Hank Skinner et , sur ce site :
Il ne faut pas “ croire ” les “ experts ”
En France , il est interdit d’innocenter
De l’école à la prison , un cycle infernal
Vos photos sont - elles pédo-pornographiques ?
Incarcérée pour une fellation librement consentie
La photo en gris et blanc est de Caleb Bryant Miller , du Texas Tribune , qui a consacré nombre d’articles à Hank Skinner .
Live The Good Life with GRIT !
At GRIT , we have a tradition of respecting the land that sustains rural America .
That 's why we want you to save money and trees by subscribing to GRIT through our automatic renewal savings plan .
By paying now with a credit card , you save an additional $ 6 and get 6 issues of GRIT for only $ 16.95 ( USA only ) .
Or , Bill Me Later and send me one year of GRIT for just $ 22.95 !
Brian J. Smith talks about the back half of the season and fan response to Stargate Universe in a new video interview .
SciFi Wire has just published the first part of a new video interview with Stargate Universe actor Brian J. Smith !
Smith plays Lt. Matthew Scott on the hit new series .
Smith hints ( spoiler free ) at what fans have to look forward to in the back half of SGU ’s first season , which returns to Syfy Channel on Friday , April 2 .
“ I think what you ’re going to see in the last half of the season is us having to deal with a lot of outside threats — external people who are trying to harm us , [ and ] to harm the ship , ” he said .
“ There are some continued divisions within the ship .
We also are going to come across some incredibly powerful natural forces .
“ This last half is about taking what we ’ve established and then really messing with it . ”
The season finale in particular is sure to disturb viewers , according to the actor .
“ We ’re going to leave you with the last episode that … when I read it , I got upset , ” he said .
“ There is something that happens in that last episode that is so upsetting , so cruel , and so wrong that just thinking about it gives me goosebumps . ”
In the 6 - minute video Smith also talks about his new dog , Cassie , interactions with fans on Twitter , and the passionate response ( and criticisms ) fans have had to the show .
“ It ’s actually a blessing that we have such an opinionated and passionate and devoted following of people , ” the actor said .
“ It ’s been a really fantastic year getting in touch with the fans , and getting some live feedback from people — trying to see , ‘ OK , maybe some people like this aspect of the show and they did n’t care for this aspect . ’
It ’s all information ; it ’s all good to hear . ”
Watch the full video below , courtesy of SciFi Wire .
And stick with GateWorld for continuing coverage of Stargate Universe as we prepare for the show ’s return in just over two weeks !
( Thanks to Morjana for the tip ! )
Skinput : Appropriating the Body as an
Input Surface
Devices with significant computational power and capabilities can now be easily carried on our bodies .
However , their small size typically leads to limited interaction space ( e.g. , diminutive screens , buttons , and jog wheels ) and consequently diminishes their usability and functionality .
Since we cannot simply make buttons and screens larger without losing the primary benefit of small size , we consider alternative approaches that enhance interactions with small mobile systems .
One option is to opportunistically appropriate surface area from the environment for interactive purposes .
For example , Scratch Input is technique that allows a small mobile device to turn tables on which it rests into a gestural finger input canvas .
However , tables are not always present , and in a mobile context , users are unlikely to want to carry appropriated surfaces with them ( at this point , one might as well just have a larger device ) .
However , there is one surface that has been previous overlooked as an input canvas , and one that happens to always travel with us : our skin .
Appropriating the human body as an input device is appealing not only because we have roughly two square meters of external surface area , but also because much of it is easily accessible by our hands ( e.g. , arms , upper legs , torso ) .
Furthermore , proprioception ( our sense of how our body is configured in three - dimensional space ) allows us to accurately interact with our bodies in an eyes - free manner .
For example , we can readily flick each of our fingers , touch the tip of our nose , and clap our hands together without visual assistance .
Few external input devices can claim this accurate , eyes - free input characteristic and provide such a large interaction area .
In the paper linked below , we present our research on Skinput – a method that allows the body to be appropriated for finger input using a novel , non-invasive , wearable bio-acoustic sensor .
Download
Reference
Harrison , C. , Tan , D. Morris , D. 2010 .
Skinput : Appropriating the Body as an Input Surface .
In Proceedings of the 28th Annual SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems ( Atlanta , Georgia , April 10 - 15 , 2010 ) .
CHI ' 10 .
ACM , New York , NY .
453-462 .
High Resolution Photographs
High Resolution Video
Hierarchical button - based interface 1
Hierarchical button - based interface 2
Hierarchical button - based interface 3
Hierarchical sliding - based interface 1
Hierarchical sliding - based interface 2
Pinch to go back ( hierarchical menu )
Keypad dialing
Tetris 1
Tetris 2
Frogger / four - way control
Training and classification demo
Google takes on Facebook and Twitter with network site
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Google has taken the wraps off its latest social network known as Buzz .
The service - integrated directly with its e-mail service Gmail - allows users to post status updates , share content and read and comment on friends ' posts .
The site pitches Google directly against rival networks such as Facebook , which has amassed nearly 400 million users since its launch in 2004 .
Buzz will try to capitalise on the number of regular Gmail users , which is currently around 170 million people .
BBC
News technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones said that the launch appeared to be a " major land grab by Google for the social networking space " .
" They 've launched Buzz with plenty of interesting new features , particularly for mobile users , but the real question is whether there 's enough to entice social networkers away from sites like Facebook and Twitter , " he said .
Rival Yahoo already offers a service that allows people to see updates from sites such as Twitter and Flickr from inside their Yahoo Mail page .
Local chatter
The new features are built directly into Google 's free e-mail service Gmail .
Users can post private or public status updates - known as a buzz - and share content from other sites such as Twitter , YouTube , Flickr and Picassa .
The service integrates directly with Gmail
The messages - highlighted with a Buzz symbol - are incorporated directly into a person 's Gmail inbox .
Private updates are automatically added to a user 's profile page , whilst public updates will also be available to search engines .
The site also incorporates elements of Twitter , such as the ability to " follow " people that share updates , and features that appear in Facebook such as the ability to " like " content .
Buzz will also recommend content from people that it thinks you may like to see and incorporate it directly into a user 's content stream .
Google Buzz product manager Todd Jackson described it as " an entirely new world in Gmail " during a press event at Google headquarters in Mountain View .
The firm has also integrated it with its mapping service and mobile platforms .
For example , it has launched a mobile application for phones running its operating system Android .
Status updates sent from phones will record the location of the sender and add it to the message .
Other users can then search public messages from their phone .
" You can see what people in your neighbourhood are saying , " said Google 's Vic Gundotra .
Public updates will also be added to Google Places , a directory of businesses that include reviews of restaurants and theatres , for example .
The firm has also built the technology into the mobile versions of its maps .
It is not the first time Google has tried to launch a social network .
In 2004 , it released Orkut .
However , while it has become big in countries such as Brazil and India , it has been overshadowed by sites such as Facebook elsewhere .
The firm also recently launched Google Wave , a tool that mixes e-mail , with instant messaging and the ability for several people to collaborate on documents in real time .
Facebook is currently the most popular social network worldwide .
Last week it rolled out a new site layout and design for parts of the service to make it easier to search messages and chat .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I had to look up when the last ( and apparently only time ) I had posted about Crowfall was and it was January 2016 !
I knew that it was a new years post m...
4 weeks ago
goats have a preternatural sense re : foods they will be served .
check out this goat .
do you think there was a doubt in his mind
and check out these dumb goats , they are so weighted with the knowledge of future events that they are frequently overcome with sorrow
During the depths of the economic crisis last year , the prices for many goods held steady or even dropped .
But on American farms , the picture was far different , as farmers watched the price they paid for seeds skyrocket .
Corn seed prices rose 32 percent ; soybean seeds were up 24 percent .
Such price increases for seeds — the most important purchase a farmer makes each year — are part of an unprecedented climb that began more than a decade ago , stemming from the advent of genetically engineered crops and the rapid concentration in the seed industry that accompanied it .
The price increases have not only irritated many farmers , they have caught the attention of the Obama administration .
The Justice Department began an antitrust investigation of the seed industry last year , with an apparent focus on Monsanto , which controls much of the market for the expensive bioengineered traits that make crops resistant to insect pests and herbicides .
The investigation is just one facet of a push by the Obama administration to take a closer look at competition — or the lack thereof — in agriculture , from the dairy industry to livestock to commodity crops , like corn and soybeans .
A University of Alberta - led research team has discovered an influenza detector gene that could potentially prevent the transmission of the virus to humans
( Edmonton ) A University of Alberta - led research team has discovered an influenza detector gene that could potentially prevent the transmission of the virus to humans .
Katharine Magor , a U of A associate professor of biology , has identified the genetic detector that allows ducks to live , unharmed , as the host of influenza .
The duck 's virus detector gene , called retinoic acid inducible gene -- I , or RIG - I , enables a duck 's immune system to contain the virus , which typically spreads from ducks to chickens , where it mutates and can evolve to be a human threat like the H5N1 influenza virus .
The first human H5N1 cases were in Hong Kong in 1997 .
Eighteen people with close contact to chickens became infected and six died .
Magor 's research shows chickens do not have a RIG - I gene .
A healthy chicken can die within 18 hours after infection , but researchers have successfully transferred the RIG - I gene from ducks to chicken cells .
The chicken 's defenses against influenza were augmented and RIG - I reduced viral replication by half .
One potential application of this research could affect the worldwide poultry industry by production of an influenza - resistant chicken created by transgenesis .
###
The work of Katharine Magor , her U of A PhD candidate Megan Barber , and researchers from the United States ( Jerry Aldridge and Robert Webster ) was published March 22 , in the online , early edition of Proceedings from the National Academy of Sciences .
FAYETTEVILLE , Ark. -- Ashton Eaton obliterated Dan O'Brien 's 17 - year - old world record in the indoor heptathlon by scoring 6,499 points here in the Randal Tyson Indoor Complex .
O'Brien 's record mark had been 6,476 .
To do it , Eaton had to run a PR in the 1,000 meters .
And he came through , with time of 2:32.67 , shattering his personal record of 2:38.02 .
Scientists at Duke University Medical Center have identified a new growth factor that stimulates the expansion and regeneration of hematopoietic ( blood - forming ) stem cells in culture and in laboratory animals .
The discovery , appearing in the journal Nature Medicine , may help researchers overcome one of the most frustrating barriers to cellular therapy : the fact that stem cells are so few in number and so stubbornly resistant to expansion .
Researchers believe that umbilical cord blood could serve as a universal source of stem cells for all patients who need a stem cell transplant , but the numbers of stem cells in cord blood units are limited , so there is a clinical need to develop a method to expand cord blood stem cells for transplantation purposes .
" Unfortunately , there are no soluble growth factors identified to date that have been proven to expand human stem cells for therapeutic purposes , " said John Chute , M.D. , a stem cell transplant physician and cell biologist at Duke and senior author of the paper .
Chute , working with Heather Himburg , a post - doctoral fellow in his laboratory , discovered that adding pleiotrophin , a naturally - occurring growth factor , stimulated a ten - fold expansion of stem cells taken from the bone marrow of a mouse .
They also found that pleiotrophin increased the numbers of human cord blood stem cells in culture that were capable of engraftment in immune - deficient mice .
When they injected pleiotrophin into mice that had received bone marrow - suppressive radiation , they observed a 10 - fold increase in bone marrow stem cells compared to untreated mice .
" These results confirmed that pleiotrophin induces stem cell regeneration following injury , " said Chute .
Chute says the finding could lead to broader application of cord blood transplants for the large numbers of patients who do not have an immune - matched donor " Perhaps more importantly , systemic treatment with pleiotrophin may have the potential to accelerate recovery of the blood and immune system in patients undergoing chemotherapy or radiotherapy , " he said .
Given the potency of the effect of pleiotrophin on stem cell expansion , the authors examined whether pleiotrophin provoked blood - forming cells to become malignant .
So far , Chute says they have not seen any evidence of cancer in mice up to six months after treatment with pleiotrophin .
The Duke team is already conducting further experiments to determine if pleiotrophin is necessary for normal stem cell growth and development , and Chute says it will be important to conduct additional animal studies before moving into human clinical trials .
" At this point , any progress we can make that helps us better understand which biological pathways are activated in stem cells in response to pleiotrophin will help move the discovery forward . "
Explore further Study identifies gene involved in blood stem cell replication , movement
ABOUT Aussie Reddit
The No. 1 Australian based Reddit Steam Community !
Are you an Australian or one of our distant cousins over in New Zealand and your on Reddit ?!
If any of the above is true , feel free to join !
Anddd ... once you 've joined feel free to advertise the group !
When Bethesda tells you it has a new IP to reveal at a show like GDC , you clear your schedule .
During the show , the company camped out in a suite with small sign taped to the door , and we were asked to keep the very existence of the meeting under our hat until the embargo was up .
Luckily , we 're now able to tell about the publisher 's newest game : developed by inXile , published by Bethesda , it 's coming to the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and PC , it will be out " when it 's done , " and it 's a two - player co-op dungeon crawler called Hunted : The Demon 's Forge .
Coming out of the tradition of Dungeons and Dragons and multiplayer MUDs , Hunted is a two - player co-op game focusing on a pair of heroes : E'lara and Caddoc .
E'lara specializes in ranged weapons , while Caddoc prefers to wade in with his melee weapons .
They look how you 'd expect : a very attractive female and a muscular hulk .
( Remember kids : the best armor for females in video games is something that shows as much skin as possible . )
The two players that control these characters are able to play with each other online .
No split - screen , as the team wanted to keep up a certain level of graphical performance .
The game has been in development for two years , and the work is easy to see : it looks beautiful , with detailed weapons and enemies .
The environments are likewise large in scale .
While this is a dungeon crawl , be prepared for some sweeping vistas and epic set pieces .
The perspective is third - person , and co-op finds its way into every aspect of gameplay .
You 'll be able to carry three potions to resurrect your partner and , in a nice twist , you can see them on your belt ; you visually know how reckless or tight you have to play the game .
You can throw these vials across the level as well ... if you can see your downed comrade , you can rescue them .
Both characters are able to use magic to buff the other , and we had the chance to see this in action during a boss fight .
Caddoc used his strength to hold down a weakened monster so that E'lara could shoot an arrow into a weak spot to kill it .
Something that looks this good has to be short
You can have one of two things in most cases : a beautiful game , or a long game .
We 're told to expect length equal to the other action games we 've been playing in the past year , which seems to be industry code for ten hours or less .
But we 're told there are many secrets and different ways to explore the backstory in the game , so the co-op the replay value should be high .
Co-op is handled in a few interesting ways .
If you 're playing with a friend , you can take over their second character , or import your own character .
You can switch characters at each save point if you want to take turns playing as one or the other .
You collect crystals in the world to level up , and any crystals you collect in a friend 's game you can bring back to yours , meaning that you could end up with a very powerful character early in the game .
There are no limits to how or when you can join another game .
That means you can jump to a friend 's game when they 're near the end and be underpowered , or take an advanced character into the beginning and walk through enemies .
You can change when you gain powers , but you can't become more powerful through multiple playthroughs .
" Imagine each crystal in the game is numbered , " we 're told .
" You can only collect each number one time .
If you grab a crystal in a level with a friend , it wo n't be there when you reach that area yourself . "
There will also be choices to be made , but do n't expect simplistic moral choices .
The game was described to us as a look at both sacrifice and addiction .
" The choices you make wo n't be either good or bad , they 'll go from bad to worse . "
The power of secrets
The game supports different styles of play .
You 'll be able to slide straight through the story , or you can dig into the game 's lore by talking to NPCs and interacting with the game 's world .
The team says secrets and bonuses are split 40 - 40 - 20 .
Forty percent anyone can find ; 40 percent require some digging .
The last 20 percent ?
You 're going to need serious dedication .
Different styles of play are dealt with by the co-op system .
If you have a buddy to play with it 's no problem matching approaches , but finding someone online who wants to play the way you do ?
Forget about it .
To combat this frustration , there is a complex match - making system in place .
In fact , they researched dating sites to see how people were matched up .
The game measures everything when you play — how many secrets you find , your pacing , the people you talk to , how you level up , etc. — and creates a profile of your play style .
If you like to immerse yourself in the setting and find all the clues and secrets , the matchmaking system will keep you away from players who want to do nothing but fight .
If you 're bloodthirsty , the game will match you with people into action and fighting .
When searching for others to play with , you can also set the game to request people who are into going slow and finding secrets , or who only want to play as Caddoc , or other details to make sure you get along .
It seems like they 're putting a lot of thought into online play and , for a game so heavily focused on co-op , that 's a very good thing .
In conclusion
While the combat is in real time and some of the mechanics almost feels like Gears of War , the setting and characters are steeped in classic Dungeons and Dragons tradition .
The combat also looks satisfying in the sections we saw ; shields degrade and can be destroyed if you block heavy attacks , for example .
The spells are interesting and can be leveled up .
The voice acting and writing looked strong .
A hack and slash with graphics this good , focused on co-op , is a very good thing , especially coupled with a new IP .
This will be one to watch .
The US deficit in 2008 stood at $ 459bn
The US government recorded a budget deficit of $ 221bn ( £ 147.6bn ) in February - the largest monthly deficit in its history .
The total deficit since the beginning of the fiscal year in October now stands at $ 651.6bn , the figures from the US treasury show .
That puts it on track to beat last year 's record annual budget deficit of $ 1.4tn .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner called the deficit " unsustainable " .
However , he maintained that running the deficit was helping the US continue its recovery from the recession in the short - term .
Like the UK , the US is suffering from a fall in tax receipts due to tough economic conditions , while relying on increased spending to drive the recovery .
But analysts called the figures " frightening " .
Earlier this year , the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) said it expected the budget deficit to fall this year as the recovery takes hold .
This is the three - dimensional spherical labyrinth that challenges the limits of your manual dexterity and spatial understanding as you maneuver a 5/8 " wooden marble through its entire course .
The Superplexus is a complex network of chicanes , multi-planar hairpin turns , spirals , and staircases -- even a vortex .
Hand made from 3 - and 6 - ply Finnish birch that form the track , over 400 hours are involved in its construction .
The labyrinth is set inside a 36 " diameter acrylic sphere affixed to a Jatoba base using a stainless steel gimbaled mount that allows you to tilt the sphere in any direction to guide the marble .
The entire track laid out on a straight line is 31 ' longer than a football field .
In addition to the track , the ball must travel on a 1/16 " diameter stainless steel wire pathway at eight points along the journey .
A series of directional arrows indicate the course to follow , and successful completion requires a minimum of 425 turns ( plane changes ) of the sphere -- without letting the marble fall off the track .
Each Superplexus ' difficulty level can be customized .
50 " H x 36 " Diam . ( 65 lbs. )
Hundreds of powerful US “ bunker - buster ” bombs are being shipped from California to the British island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean ahead of a possible attack on Iran , The Herald reported Wednesday .
The Scottish newspaper said the American government signed a contract in January to transport 10 ammunition containers to the island .
According to a cargo manifest from the US navy , this included 387 “ Blu ” bombs used for blasting hardened or underground structures , The Herald reported .
Islamic Republic Iran is a despotic republic , opposition leader says / Reuters Mehdi Karoubi renews verbal attack against regime , questions presidential elections ' results Full Story
The report quoted experts as saying that the bombs are being put in place for an assault on Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
According to the newspaper , although Diego Garcia is part of the British Indian Ocean Territory , it is used by the US as a military base under an agreement made in 1971 .
The report said Superior Maritime Services , a shipping company based in Florida , , will be paid $ 699,500 to transport many thousands of military items from Concord , California , to Diego Garcia .
The cargo includes 195 smart , guided , Blu -110 bombs and 192 massive 2000lb Blu - 117 bombs , said The Herald .
Dan Plesch , director of the Center for International Studies and Diplomacy at the University of London and co-author of a recent study on US preparations for an attack on Iran was quoted by the Scottish newspaper as saying , “ They are gearing up totally for the destruction of Iran .
US bombers are ready today to destroy 10,000 targets in Iran in a few hours . "
According to Plesch , US President Barack Obama may decide that it would be better for the US to act instead of Israel .
“ The US is not publicizing the scale of these preparations to deter Iran , tending to make confrontation more likely , ” he was quoted by The Herald as saying .
“ The US ... is using its forces as part of an overall strategy of shaping Iran ’s actions . ”
According to The Herald , the British Ministry of Defense has said in the past that the US would need permission to use Diego Garcia for any attack .
It has already been used for strikes against Iraq during the 1991 and 2003 Gulf wars .
The report said about 50 British military staff are stationed on the island , with more than 3,200 US personnel .
Part of the Chagos Archipelago , it lies about 1,000 miles from the southern coasts of India and Sri Lanka , well placed for missions to Iran .
The Nashville - based NRB Network , a non-profit television network available on the DIRECTV package , says it ’s dedicated to defending biblical truth and “ Christian values . ”
But in light of one of the network ’s paid programs , one has to wonder how tax evasion fits into those values they ’re preaching .
Last week , in honor of Darwin ’s birthday , the network put out a news release saying that its prime time Tuesday night programming is focused on refuting the great naturalist ’s theory of evolution and natural selection .
It claims to present shows that are “ dedicated to quality science and nature programs that educate viewers about the irrefutable evidences supporting scriptural teachings . ”
Perusing the lineup of shows promising to enlighten viewers to such tired old canards as Noah ’s Ark and the Garden of Eden , I noticed one show , “ The Creation Series , ” is hosted by Kent “ Dr. Dino ” Hovind .
I ’m not sure , but I do n’t think Edgefield , South Carolina ’s Federal Correctional Institution is letting its inmates do in - house programming these days .
( If it did , I ’d bet it would be a far more interesting show . )
Since 2006 , Hovind has been serving a ten - year prison sentence after being convicted of 58 federal counts , including twelve tax offenses , one count of obstructing federal agents and forty - five counts of structuring cash transactions .
Actually , the Creation Series is a DVD featuring many of Hovind ’s classic silliness .
( His assertions are so ridiculous that even fellow creationists like Ken Ham tell people not to use his arguments .
Q : How did Noah fit all those dinosaurs on the Ark ?
A : He only brought little baby ones . )
The network , which solicits independent paid programming , states that its mission is “ to bring back the good old days when television was wholesome and family - friendly .
While we do not produce programs , we are always looking for quality , independently produced content that embraces Christian values . ”
Admittedly , watching these shows can be a lot of fun .
( I admit to getting a kick out of watching Hovind ’s “ Evolution is Stupid ” every now and then ) , but these charlatans are making tons of money off these videos while they mislead our children and teach them to distrust science .
And Hovind is the worst of the bunch .
In addition to his videos and books , Hovind also runs Dinoland , a theme park in Pensacola , Florida currently closed due to government seizure of assets , according to its web site .
I visited the place a couple years ago , just after he was sent to jail , and his son Eric had taken over .
It purports to teach creation science , but the place was so cheesy it reminded me a lot of those Jellystone KOA campgrounds with the plywood cutouts of dinosaurs .
While I was there , I sat in with a group of little kids , who were shown a video defending the biblical account of Genesis as life ’s blueprint .
Afterward , the boys and girls were asked questions like , “ How old is the Earth ? ” I remember one little girl with a pony tail raised her hand and answered , “ 6,000 years ? ”
She was told she was correct and given a Reese ’s Peanut Butter Cup .
This continued on for a while , each boy or girl getting candy for their “ correct ” answers , as their parents smiled proudly at them .
The man leading the class told the kids that they were very smart , but they had to remember their lessons .
Because someday , you ’re going to be in science class , he said , and “ your teacher ’s going to lie to you . ”
When you have lotsa snow you can have some fun with it like … jumping from five - stored building into a pile of snow , fun is n’t it ?
( CNN ) -- Gorillas may go extinct in much of central Africa by the mid-2020s -- victims of a meat trade , of logging and mining , and even the Ebola virus , a new report says .
Unless action is taken to guard the gorillas ' habitat and counter poaching , the dire prediction will come to pass , said the joint report from the United Nations and Interpol released Wednesday .
Until now , the Congo Basin in Central Africa had been a rainforest refuge for gorillas and other apes .
But the threats to the gorillas ' survival are so acute that a similar study that predicted only 10 percent of the gorilla population will remain by 2030 is now considered too optimistic .
That study -- conducted in 2002 -- did not take into account the rise in the demand for timber and metals destined for Asia , the Middle East and Europe .
The situation is especially critical in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
There , militias have seized large chunks of gorilla land and logged and mined it .
They have done so because the illegal trade in timber and in metals such as gold and coltan -- used in cell phones -- generates between $ 14 million and $ 50 million a year for them , the report says .
The money helps fund the militias ' battle against the Congolese army .
As the militia fight the army , the insecurity in the region has driven thousands into refugee camps .
Professional poachers have taken to providing " bush meat " -- wild animal meat -- to the refugees and to the workers in the mining and logging camps .
And increasingly , that meat comes from apes , the report says ..
Adding to the gorillas ' woes are outbreaks of the Ebola virus that have killed thousands of great apes .
By some estimates , 90 percent of the infected animals will die .
Among the good news in the report : A survey in one conflict zone in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo discovered 750 critically endangered Eastern lowland gorillas .
Also , mountain gorillas in the Virungas , an area shared by Rwanda , Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo , found that the apes survived during several periods of instability .
The report credited the survival to stepped up patrols by park rangers who targeted poachers and loggers .
But this has come at a price , the report said : More than 190 Virunga National Park rangers have been killed in recent years allegedly at the hands of militias concerned about a loss of revenue .
The report ' The Last Stand of the Gorilla - Environmental Crime and Conflict in the Congo Basin ' can be accessed at http://www.unep.org/
合作流程 Cooperation process 服务让我们吸引您，质量让我们留住 您
01 联系优美
02 了解需求
03 达成协议
04 支付定金
05 设计开发
06 部署测试
07 支付余款
08 售后服务
Very reliable : 44 % More or less reliable : 45 % To call it reliable really stretches the meaning of the word : 8 % Not reliable at all : 1 % I am off - line : 1 %
For which of the following reasons do you most often use the Internet ?
News gathering : 30 % Research / homework : 15 % Pop culture monitoring : 1 % Movies , TV , videos viewing : 6 % Game playing : 4 % Health diagnoses : 0 % Social networking : 13 % Emailing for work : 14 % Gambling : 0 % Porn watching : 11 % Something else : 7 %
If it were available in St. Louis , would you pay for a subscription to a fiber network with super high speed ( 20 to 100 times faster than anything currently available ) access to the Internet ?
Yes : 20 % Yes , but price would matter : 51 % Yes , but only if the price were comparable to what I currently pay : 23 % Probably not : 7 %
How much have you heard about a plan by Google to build one or more super high - speed fiber networks ( " Google Fiber " ) somewhere in the United States to demonstrate its capability ?
A lot : 19 % Some : 41 % Hardly anything : 24 % Nothing at all : 16 %
Do you think that St. Louis should tell Google that we would be interested in having a super high - speed fiber network here ?
Yes : 33 % Hell , yes : 67 %
Which of the following things would you be willing to do to support St. Louis 's application to Google to be its test market ?
( choose as many as apply )
Finish this poll : 86 % Blog , tweet , or FB about this poll to my readers , followers , or friends : 36 % Send an email to STLwantsfiber@gmail.com offering to help : 30 % Upload a video of support to the You Tube account STLWantsFiber : 11 % Attend a meeting or rally : 27 % Design or ride in a Google parade float : 18 % Name a future child of mine Google : 13 % Name a current child of mine Google : 10 %
Do you think St. Louis should rename itself to attract Google ?
Yes , but only if it is temporary : 42 % Yes , but only if it is permanent : 11 % No , I do n't want to be a Googlian : 47 %
To which of the following names would you most like ( or least dislike ) St. Louis to temporarily change its name in order to woo Google ?
St. Googlouis , Missouri : 39 % Google , Missouri : 11 % St. Fibrous , Missouri : 3 % St. Louis at Gmail - Dot - Com , Missouri : 18 % Charter , Missouri , fast and proud of it : 5 % Something else : 25 %
Feel like Mom is pushing dessert ?
According to a new study in the Journal of Consumer Research , consumers choose foods that are less healthy when they are purchasing for others .
In a series of studies on food choice , author Juliano Laran ( University of Miami ) discovered that consumers exert more self - control when they make choices for themselves .
In one study , participants were asked to make a sequence of four choices from 16 items that were healthy ( items like raisins , celery sticks , and cheerios ) or indulgent ( items like chocolate bars , cookies , Doritos , ice cream , and doughnuts ) .
Half of the participants were asked to choose four items for themselves , while the others were asked to choose four items for a friend .
" When making choices for themselves , participants chose a balance of healthy and indulgent food items , " Laran writes .
" When making choices for others , however , participants chose mostly indulgent food items . "
The author conducted another study of real consumers exiting a supermarket , which confirmed the earlier results , and showed that consumers bought equally indulgent items when purchasing for their families , friends , or roommates .
A final study showed that consumer choices became more balanced after they were made aware of a healthy goal when making choices for others .
The author suggests that education could help consumers make more balanced choices when they are shopping for others .
He also suggests that this phenomenon may be affecting public health .
" One of the reasons the population gets more and more obese is that a lot of the food we consume is chosen by other people , like friends throwing a party or parents buying for their children , " Laran writes .
" Taking responsibility for their own choices instead of letting others choose could help consumers fight against obesity and lead a healthier lifestyle . "
Yglesias declares victory :
The crux of the matter is that progressive efforts to expand the size of the welfare state are basically done .
There are big items still on the progressive agenda .
But they do n’t really involve substantial new expenditures .
Instead , you ’re looking at carbon pricing , financial regulatory reform , and immigration reform as the medium - term agenda .
Most broadly , questions about how to boost growth , how to deliver public services effectively , and about the appropriate balance of social investment between children and the elderly will take center stage .
This will probably lead to some realigning of political coalitions .
I can honestly say I 've never wanted to have sex with a bowl of noodles so bad in my entire life .
Well , that 's not entirely true .
Product Site
Thanks to Carolina , who only eats her pasta the way god intended : with Mario and Luigi .
Twelve people were arrested at this event during a raucous lecture at UC Irvine where Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren came to talk about U.S. - Israel relations .
Oren was interrupted 10 times while trying to give his speech before 500 people at the UCI Student Center , where there was heavy security .
Oren took a 20 minute break after the fourth protest , asked for hospitality and resumed his speech , only to be interrupted again by young men yelling at him every few minutes .
Many members of the audience also applauded Oren .
After the 10th interruption , several dozens students who opposed Orens talk got up and walked out and staged a protest outside .
Something to Post ?
If you ’d like to contribute an essay , article or other post to the blogosphere , but do n’t want the hassle of maintaining your own site , send it to the email address listed on Johnny ’s profile .
If it ’s relevant to evolution , ecology or ethology and reasonably comprehensible – it can be posted here !
Is any number of USB ports ever really enough ?
A keyboard and a mouse can take up two .
You may need one for your printer .
Or your gaming headset .
Or your iPod or your iPhoneor your iPod and your iPhone .
Maybe you even have a beverage chiller .
It adds up quickly .
A lot depends on your motherboard and case , of course , but even high - end , personally designed systems can fall short :
One of ExtremeTech ’s primary testing PCs has 14 active USB ports , and came perilously close to running out when we pushed it to the limit while testing our ATI Radeon HD 5870 Eyefinity6 Edition video card .
External hubs work , but can be finicky and inconvenient .
So we were amused and impressed when we discovered the NZXT IU01 Internal USB Expansion device ( $ 23.99 list ) .
Its name may be cumbersome , but the idea is a winner :
This is a small board that you connect to one of the USB headers on your motherboard , and get not only three extra headers for your trouble but also two full USB ports .
Depending on your system ’s internal configuration , there are a few potential issues you may run into when setting up the device , but the extra flexibility the IU01 provides may well be worth it for some users .
The Portland Bicycle Plan for 2030 was adopted unanimously by Portland 's City Council on February 11 , 2010 .
To view / download the documents , click below :
Key principles of the Portland Bicycle Plan for 2030 :
Attract new riders
Strengthen bicycle policies
Form a denser bikeway network
Increase bicycle parking
Expand programs to support bicycling
Increase funding for bicycle facilities
Bicycling creates safer streets , reduces the causes of global climate change , promotes a healthy environment , and limits the effects and health care costs related to inactivity .
It provides equity and access to viable , affordable transportation options and creates fun , vibrant , and livable neighborhoods .
It supports Portland ’s economy and is a sound investment .
Materials :
Should you be lusting after some of that Core i7 oomph but have a distaste for the large thermal and physical footprint of desktops , you 'll want to hear more from Congatec .
A relative unknown hailing from Germany , the outfit has just announced its BM57 small form factor setup , which looks to be ideal for homebrew HTPC enthusiasts -- primarily because its i7 - 620M CPU is both powerful ( up to 3.33GHz with Turbo Boost ) and relatively easy to cool ( 35W TDP , including chip - integrated graphics ) .
The kit is able to support up to 8GB of dual - channel DDR3 , as well as drive two video outputs concurrently .
Choices include HDMI , DisplayPort and VGA , leading to some tantalizingly versatile possibilities for the creative self - builder .
Prices are not yet available , but the BM57 will be demonstrated at the International Gaming Expo in London at the end of this month .
At Game Developers Conference 2010 in San Francisco , Gamasutra had the chance to speak in - depth to Final Fantasy XIII director Motomu Toriyama about the game .
Released this week , the game has drawn both strongly negative and positive reviews and fan reactions .
One area of criticism that the game has consistently faced is that major traditional RPG elements that the series is known for , such as explorable towns , are not present in the game that was released .
Toriyama chalks this up to a mix of his own personal strengths , the advent of the challenging production required by high definition consoles , and production of the Crystal Tools engine which drives the game .
" Personally , the Final Fantasys that I have worked on have been very story - driven , so in terms of the development I wanted to , of course , use my personal strengths which where those , " said Toriyama .
However , he says that production on the current consoles does not allow the freedom the team has known in the past .
" In the Final Fantasys on previous non -high definition consoles , we were able to kind of take everyone 's ideas and include them in the games . "
" I call it a bento box system , where you have all of the different little things in there .
So we had minigames or towns were you were able to talk to all of the townspeople .
But with the HD console you 're not really able to do that because it takes so long to develop , " said Toriyama .
" If you think about how long it 's already taken to develop this game , to have to have included all of those other aspects , it would have been too long .
So what we did instead was define what was truly important to the game , and include those aspects and really emphasize those items we wanted to include , " he continued .
" We had to consider the amount of time it took to create the game engine , which we built from scratch , as well , and so with that additional time included we had to decide what we could and could n't do . "
However , this will not continue for future games , he said .
" Now that we have that base technology ...
The next time you see a Final Fantasy , we might be able to pack in more of those elements that existed in the past .
And I also think that a game does n't need to have all of those items in the future .
We can create additional downloadable content for people to add , too .
It does n't have to come with that game itself . "
So far Square Enix has not announced any plans for Final Fantasy XIII DLC , though the game 's creators have left the door open to the possibility in prior interviews .
When asked if the team should have striven to improve elements such as towns , rather than cut them , Toriyama laughed and said " You can wait longer for the game where we can improve those elements ! "
However , he said , " The next title that we will create will have those elements , and the improvements to those elements that you were mentioning .
However , it 's important for us to choose what we can and cannot include , and that 's the role of the director to decide what we can accomplish in that amount of time . "
The full interview with Toriyama will appear on Gamasutra in the near future .
A new poll finds that 73 % of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans say it is “ personally acceptable to them if gay and lesbian people were allowed to serve openly in the military . ”
The Wonk Room adds :
The survey , which sampled 45 % self - identified Republicans and just 20 % Democrats , suggests that military personnel are more comfortable serving alongside openly gay and lesbian troops than previously thought .
The poll also contradicts the findings of a widely circulated Military Times survey , which reported that 58 % of respondents are opposed to efforts to repealing DADT
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Whoever took these pictures did an awesome job .
And whoever said Katrina was ' awesome and terrifying ' is telling the truth .
Wow , take a look at this ....
These pictures were made by a man in Magee , MS where the eye of the storm passed thru- what an experience .
Magee is 150 miles North of Waveland , Mississippi where the Hurricane made landfall .
The dance with Katrina , part of her beauty as she left destruction on her exit .
They are remarkably dramatic ...
The following picture was taken from the third story balcony of Saint Stanislaus College located next door to Our Lady of the Gulf church in Bay Saint Louis , Mississippi on the morning of August 29th , 2005 .
This is believed to be the initial tidal wave from Hurricane Katrina .
The tidal wave was approximately 35 to 40 feet high .
When it slammed into the beach front communities of Bay Saint Louis and Waveland , Mississippi to completely destroy 99 % of every structure along the beach for 9 miles and over a mile inland .
The destruction only started there .
The flooding that continued inland destroyed the contents of all but 35 homes in these two communities of approximately 14,000 people .
Why the U.S. can't inflate its way out of debt
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
It 's dawning on people that getting a handle on burgeoning U.S. debt will be a long and hard process .
So if lawmakers can't agree on a credible plan , some have suggested that the country could just " inflate its way " out of its fiscal ditch .
The idea : Pursue policies that boost prices and wages and erode the value of the currency .
The United States would owe the same amount of actual dollars to its creditors -- but the debt becomes easier to pay off because the dollar becomes less valuable .
That 's hardly a good plan , say a bevy of debt experts and economists .
" Many countries have tried this and they 've all failed , " said Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody 's Economy.com .
It 's true that inflation could reduce a small portion of U.S. debt .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) estimates that in advanced economies less than a quarter of the anticipated growth in the debt - to - GDP ratio would be reduced by inflation .
But the mother lode of the country 's looming debt burden would remain and the negative effects of inflation could create a whole new set of problems .
For starters , a lot of government spending is tied to inflation .
So when inflation rises , so do government obligations , said Donald Marron , a former acting director of the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) , in testimony before the Senate Budget Committee .
" [ W]e have an enormous number of spending programs , Social Security being the most obvious , that are indexed .
If inflation goes up , there 's a one - for - one increase in our spending .
And that 's also true in many of the payment rates in Medicare and other programs , " he said .
Inflation would also make future U.S. debt more expensive , because inflation tends to push up interest rates .
And the Treasury will have to refinance $ 5 trillion worth of short - term debt between now and 2015 .
" [ The debt 's ] value could go down for a couple of years because of surprise inflation .
But then ... the market 's going to charge you a premium interest rate and say ' you fooled us once but this time we 're going to charge you a much higher rate on your three - year bonds , ' " Marron said .
The Treasury is increasing the average term of its debt issuance so it can lock in rates for a longer time and reduce the risk of a sudden spike in borrowing costs .
But moving that average higher wo n't happen overnight .
And , in any case , short - term debt will always be part of the mix .
Another potential concern : Treasury inflation - protected securities ( TIPS ) , which have maturities of 5 , 10 and 20 years .
They make up less than 10 % of U.S. debt outstanding currently , but the Government Accountability Office has recommended Treasury offer more TIPS as part of its strategy to lengthen the average maturity on U.S. debt .
The higher inflation goes , of course , the more the Treasury will owe on its TIPS .
Just last week , the CBO noted that interest paid on U.S. debt had risen 39 % during the first five months of this fiscal year relative to the same period a year ago .
" That increase is largely a result of adjustments for inflation to indexed securities , which were negative early last year , " according to the agency 's monthly budget review .
What 's more , the knock - on effects of inflation are not pretty .
A recent report from the IMF outlined some of them : reduced economic growth , increased social and political stress and added strain on the poor -- whose incomes are n't likely to keep pace with the increase in food prices and other basics .
That , in turn , could increase pressure on the government to provide aid -- aid which would need to keep pace with inflation .
More viable alternatives
So where does that leave lawmakers ?
Facing tough choices .
Deficit hawks and market experts have been calling on lawmakers to come up with a strategy to stabilize the growth in U.S. debt , which would be implemented only after the economy recovers more fully .
The idea is to signal to the markets that the country is serious about getting its longer term debt under control so that the burden of paying it back does n't consume an ever - increasing share of the federal budget .
The recommended exit strategies are pretty basic , if unpopular : tax increases and spending cuts .
Economic growth will play a key role as well -- since a strong economy produces more tax revenue .
But the country cannot grow its way out of its problems .
To do that , the economy would have to expand at Herculean rates annually from here on out .
And even the most optimistic economist does n't see that on the horizon .
' Every Man for Himself ' Afghan Militias Take on Taliban
In some parts of Afghanistan , neither the Afghan security forces nor the international ISAF troops have been able to protect ordinary people .
Now the Americans are arming local militias so they can take on the Taliban .
But some observers worry the move could lead to rivalries between different armed groups .
Ken Clarke says
Tories cannot rule out putting up taxes
Mr Clarke said every Conservative tried to avoid tax rises A Conservative government would not rule out raising taxes in order to shrink the UK 's deficit , shadow business secretary Ken Clarke has said .
The Sunday Telegraph reported him saying it would be " folly " to rule out increases , including on VAT , alongside cuts in public spending .
" Coming out of a recession when you have such a severe deficit , you can't rule out putting up taxes , " he said .
Mr Clarke later told Sky News he did not think he had mentioned VAT .
He said : " What I did say was we 've got to have strong , responsible government and given the scale of the debt , the deficit , which is the worst in the western world , we really do have to be in a position where we can't rule anything out .
" But Conservatives prefer control of public spending and I make it quite clear that we will seek to control public spending to avoid tax increases . "
Meanwhile , Tory leader David Cameron has said the UK would be " under new economic management " if his party won the next general election .
Mr Cameron used his speech at the Oxford School of Drama on Saturday to call for economic , social and political change .
When you 're the most indebted country in the Western world ... you cannot start promising you are not ever going to start increasing taxation
Ken Clarke
He said he intended to cut public spending through a one - year freeze on most public sector workers ' pay and to bring forward the planned increase in the state pension age .
However , he made little mention of tax , other than a cut in the main rate of corporation tax to help businesses .
Both Labour and the Conservatives have yet to provide full details on how they plan to cut public expenditure .
Last summer , shadow chancellor George Osborne declined to rule out increasing VAT .
He said while the " bulk " of Britain 's deficit could be paid off by spending cuts , he was not going to give voters " cast iron " promises on individual taxes .
' Seal the deal '
In the Sunday Telegraph , Mr Clarke said tax increases were something " every Conservative tried to avoid " .
" I did n't avoid it when I was getting us out of recession before ( in the 1990s ) , " he said .
" If you ca n't get it ( the deficit ) down quickly enough , in order to maintain the confidence of the markets and to create conditions for growth and employment , then you may have to look at tax increases . "
Asked specifically about VAT , which some observers expect the Tories to raise to 20 % if they win power , Mr Clarke said : " When you 're the most indebted country in the Western world ... then you cannot start promising you are not ever going to start increasing taxation .
" We will try to avoid it , we 'll minimise it if we have to by having proper control of public spending , which we have n't had in this country in the last 12 years . "
Mr Clarke also admitted the Conservatives had much more to do to " seal the deal " with voters , and that the Tory leader was having to " struggle " to get his message across .
He suggested that , while health spending would be ring - fenced by a Tory government , there could be significant savings in education .
In December 's pre-Budget report , Labour announced belt - tightening measures including a 1 % cap on public sector pay rises and an increase in National Insurance from 2011 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Inspired by this post by Parallex , I 've decided to attempt to tackle the mystery of the college free agent .
Disclaimer : I am not going to pretend for a second that I know the first thing about NCAA hockey , so please try to forgive any ignorance or gross misunderstandings on my part and feel free to correct me .
The risk of signing an undrafted college free agent is virtually the same as that of signing any other established NHL free agent , with the exception of , depending on the age of the player in question , potential for future development .
At any rate , the risks are certainly equal to those of drafting a player based on his numbers in high school or junior hockey - - it 's no guarantee that that player is going to replicate that success at the NHL level .
Unless you 're dealing with a special player like Sidney Crosby or Alex Ovechkin , you 're probably looking at about the same time frame for player development , if not less because of the age of most college players signed by NHL teams tends to range from 20 - 24 as opposed to 18 or 19 for drafted players .
The success of undrafted college players signed to NHL contracts as UFAs has been well documented .
Martin St. Louis and Dan Boyle both won a Stanley Cup with the Lightning and Brian Rafalski has three Cups to his name with the Devils and Red Wings .
Chris Kunitz , Dustin Penner , and Andy McDonald were all important contributors to Anaheim 's 2007 Cup victory , and Kunitz also won a championship with the Penguins last season .
Although Bryan Murray was largely responsible for building that winning Ducks team , Brian Burke seems to have carried an affinity for college free agents into his tenure with the Leafs , having already signed Tyler Bozak , Viktor Stalberg , and Christian Hanson to entry - level deals .
Rene Bourque was also an undrafted college player before eventually signing with the Blackhawks .
While teams are still hoping to sign the next Andy McDonald or Chris Kunitz or Mason Raymond or Tyler Bozak , there will be fewer college free agents because more and more Canadian and U.S. 18 - year - olds , headed for the National Collegiate Athletic Association instead of the Canadian junior ranks , are being taken in the NHL entry draft .
NHL insiders say last year 's crop of college free agents , from which the Toronto Maple Leafs grabbed Bozak and Christian Hanson and the New York Rangers got Matt Gilroy , was much stronger .
... In the 2004 entry draft , the last one before the change in eligibility , 6.2 per cent of the players chosen were from high schools ...
The only anomaly was for players already in the NCAA when they were drafted .
In 2004 , that was 9.6 per cent , and in 2009 it was down to 3.3 , but the total number of players drafted is less as well .
It could also be a function of the quality of players available .
In any event , many players in the NCAA were drafted in high school as 18 - year - olds .
Despite the successes of these players , David Shoalts suggests that
That year , Blake Wheeler was drafted fifth overall and in the following years , current NHLers Jack Johnson , Erik Johnson , Jonathan Toews , Patrick Kane , and James van Riemsdyk were already with NCAA teams or were incoming recruits when they were all drafted in the top three .
Still , says Leafs GM Brian Burke , searching out college free agents will still be an important part of recruiting even as the crop gets thinner .
" Certainly last year 's crop of free agents got more attention than this year 's group , " said Burke , who has an interest in 6 - foot - 5 defenceman Brayden Irwin of Vermont .
" It 's a good way to add players .
Look at the way Bozak is playing now , and the great thing is that most of them are capped . "
There is no consensus No. 1 prize in this year 's crop .
The San Jose Sharks have already signed Princeton forward Cam MacIntyre .
Others considered to be of interest are forwards Jarod Palmer ( Miami of Ohio ) , Casey Wellman ( Massachusetts - Amherst ) , Bobby Butler ( New Hampshire ) and Sebastien Stalberg ( Vermont ) , the younger brother of Leafs rookie Viktor .
That list continues to dwindle , as Casey Wellman was signed by the Wild earlier this week .
The Flames currently have four prospects playing in the NCAA , none of whom have exactly lit it up this season .
Their top-rated college prospect is Aaron Marvin , who is ranked seventeenth out of twenty of the Flames ' top prospects by Kent at Hockey 's Future .
This lack of success could be part of the reason why the Flames have chosen to go the junior or European route at the draft in recent years , as suggested by Kent here .
Given the Flames ' limited cap space , the almost non-existent pool of young , viable unrestricted free agents available this summer , and the fact that some of their best prospects are probably still a few years away from being NHL - ready , it could n't hurt to consider taking a chance on one of these guys .
With all the scouts the Flames have , you 'd think some of them could make the trip to scope out a few of these players and maybe attend a frat party or two .
My money 's on Warrener .
Further reading : More college free agents garnering NHL interest , NCAA players to watch as per Central Scouting .
ArahQQ Judi Online permainan kartu poker online dan Domino QQ Terbaik No. 1 .
ArahQQ Situs Permainan Judi Domino QQ Online dan Poker Pkv Online
ArahQQ merupakan situs yang sudah banyak pengguna aktif setiap hari ini , beberapa ribu permain aktif yang dapat menjadi lawan kamu bermain di keseluruhan games diantaranya bandar poker , dominoqq , aduqq , sakong , capsa susun , bandar 66 , bandarqq dan perang bakarat .
Keseluruhan games dapat kamu mainkan di handphone dengan aplikasi pkv games atau dapat juga main melalui browser yang ada di handphone kamu .
Keseluruhan game dapat di akses dengan mudah dikarenakan ukuran aplikasi yang sangat ringan .
Saat kamu ingin bermain judi qq online pastikan kamu bermain di ArahQQ bosku , karena memang disini sudah sangat fair play dikarenakan keseluruhan pengguna manusia tidak ada mesin atau robot yang bermain juragan .
Games Judi Kartu Domino dan Poker di ArahQQ
Di sini ada 2 tipe games judi poker online , ialah menggunakan kartu domino dan poker .
2 tipe ini masing - masing ada peminatnya dikarenakan memang sudah terbukti dikarenakan sampai beberapa ribu orang online setiap hari 24 jam ada yang memainkan ke 2 tipe games kartu ini .
Baik disini langsung kita bahas bersama 2 tipe games kartu ini
1. Judi Kartu Domino
Di games ini ada 3 tipe games ialah dominoqq , aduqq , bandar66 dan bandarqq yang mana di antara 4 ini bandarqq yang sangat banyak orang mainkan .
Dikarenakan di game bandarqq , keseluruhan orang dapat menjadi bandar situs qq .
Kamu juga berkesempatan menjadi bandar kalau saldo yang kamu miliki memenuhi syarat .
Namun untuk domino qq juga tidak kalah banyak yang suka pada games ini , dikarenakan kamu dapat beradu keberanian menekan lawan bermain anda .
Untuk games bandar66 dan adu qq lebih mengandalkan hoki dikarenakan di 2 games pasrah dengan kartu yang di bagikan oleh sistem yang mana sistem tidak ada campur tangan oleh pemain lain atau manusia ( murni ) bukan bot .
2. Judi kartu Poker / Remi
Untuk tipe games ini cukup banyak , diantaranya merupakan Bandar Texas Poker , Capsa Susun , Perang Bakarat dan yang paling banyak diminati ialah Bandar Sakong .
dikarenakan bandar sakong ini sama dengan game kartu domino ialah bandarqq , di game ini kamu dapat juga menjadi bandar loh .
Untuk games yang lainnya tidak begitu banyak peminatnya tapi ada saja yang main jadi kamu tidak perlu takut , pasti kamu akan mendapatkan lawan di ArahQQ .
Kumpulan Situs Judi QQ Online Terbaik dan Terlengkap di tahun 2020
Di ArahQQ merupakan tempat kumpulan para pengguna judi qq online yang sudah terpercaya sejak 2018 sampai 2020 .
Dikarenakan winrate sangat besar para pengguna di arahqq sangat puas , setiap hari banyak yang tarik dana dan menang banyak .
Pastikan kamu merupakan salah satunya yang menjadi pemenang di sini .
Salah Satu Daftar Situs DominoQQ Pkv Terpercaya
Menjadi yang terbaik dan memberikan yang terbaik untuk para member merupakan prioritas utama kami , maka dari itu ArahQQ pun sudah menjadi salah satu situs judi online terpercaya sampai tahun 2020 ini .
Dari layanan chat untuk bantuan dan mengatasi kendala yang terjadi , kami online 24 jam untuk membantu anda .
Proses setor dana dan tarik dana pun di proses dengan sangat cepat , tidak hanya itu , ArahQQ juga support deposit pulsa telkomsel dan pulsa xl serta ovo , dana , gopay , link aja dan keseluruhan bank lokal yang ada di Indonesia .
Kamu dapat mainkan dimana saja dan kapan saja .
Since its first incorporation in 1953 , the Church of Scientology has fought wars on many fronts : against the IRS and other government agencies , against anti-cult activists , against former members , against various Web sites disseminating confidential church materials online , and , perhaps most sensationally , against the American media .
Not long after its founder L. Ron Hubbard published his bestselling self - help book Dianetics in 1950 , the movement became the subject of often withering critiques by a wide range of journalists .
And for the next sixty years it was the focus of exposés in various publications , from Life , to the Los Angeles Times , the New York Times , Reader ’s Digest , Penthouse , and Time , not to mention numerous television documentaries ( and a satirical episode of South Park ) .
One of the most devastating reports on the church , however , was a recent series in the St. Petersburg Times by Joe Childs and Thomas C. Tobin entitled “ The Truth Rundown . ” Focused on the church ’s current head , David Miscavige , the report and video interviews with ex-members describe a “ culture of violence of intimidation ” that pervades the very highest levels of the church ’s hierarchy .
The material presented in Childs ’ and Tobins ’ report ranges from the shocking to the downright bizarre , including allegations that Miscavige physically beat his senior executives and ( in what is among the most astonishing incidents in the history of American religions ) forced executives to play a brutal , all - night game of musical chairs to the tune of Queen ’s “ Bohemian Rhapsody . ”
In response , however , the church has argued that this is simply one more example in a long history of biased , unfounded media attacks against a legitimate religious organization .
But if Scientology is today infamous because of its negative media attention , it is perhaps even more so because of its aggressive response to journalists who write critically about the church .
As Time magazine ’s Richard Behar put it in 1991 , “ strange things happen to people who write about Scientology , ” including massive litigation , private investigations , and personal attacks that have at times bordered on the surreal .
In February of this year , however , we learned from the Washington Post that the Church of Scientology has made a surprising new move .
Rather than immediately threatening the St. Petersburg Times with lawsuits for its “ Truth Rundown ” report , the church adopted a different strategy : it hired three prominent journalists ( a Pulitzer Prize winner , a former 60 Minutes producer , and the former executive director of Investigative Reporters and Editors ) to undertake their own investigation of the Times and the conduct of Childs and Tobin .
This new move is at once in continuity with Scientology ’s longstanding war with the American media and the signal of an important shift in its battle plan .
Once known for its aggressive practice of using lawsuits and extra-legal measures against critics , the church now appears to be trying to use the media against itself .
Tricked , Sued , Lied To , or Destroyed
Hubbard ’s troubles with the press began almost immediately upon the publication of Dianetics first in the May 1950 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and then in book form that same year .
One of the first reviews of the book appeared in The New Republic in 1950 , describing Hubbard ’s new science of the mind as a remarkably “ bold and immodest mixture of complete nonsense and perfectly reasonable common sense , taken from long - acknowledged findings and disguised and distorted by a crazy , newly invented terminology . ”
Equally severe criticisms followed throughout the 1950s as his newly - founded Church of Scientology grew in numbers and also attracted increasing scrutiny from the FDA , FBI , IRS , and other government agencies .
Hubbard ’s response to his critics was equally colorful .
As he infamously wrote in his Manual of Justice in 1959 : “ People attack Scientology ; I never forget it , always even the score . ”
Perhaps the most controversial form of Scientology ’s response to its critics was a policy called “ fair game , ” first announced in 1965 .
According to Hubbard , enemies of Scientology are to be regarded simply as “ fair game ” ; meaning that they may be countered using any and all means at the church ’s disposal .
Indeed , those labeled “ fair game ” may be “ tricked , sued , lied to or destroyed . ”
Although the use of the phrase “ fair game ” was officially discontinued in 1968 , most critics believe that the policy has effectively continued in practice to this day .
In the late 1960s and ’70s , the church created its own intelligence branch called the Guardian ’s Office ( GO ) headed by Hubbard ’s wife , Mary Sue , and dedicated to public relations and information control .
More than one observer has compared the GO to the CIA for its power to maintain and control secrets , and even one CIA officer compared GO intelligence operations to those of the FBI .
Among the most remarkable examples of the GO ’s response to the media was a program entitled “ Operation Freakout , ” which was launched against journalist Paulette Cooper because of her scathing book , The Scandal of Scientology ( 1971 ) .
According to documents obtained by an FBI raid , the operation was designed to do nothing less than to get Cooper “ incarcerated in a mental institution or jail . ”
The “ freakout ” was to be accomplished by making fake bomb threats against the church and , if that failed , to frame Cooper for attempting to bomb Henry Kissinger .
The GO was officially dismantled in 1983 after a massive FBI raid that resulted in the conviction of Mary Sue Hubbard and other high - ranking Scientologists , though the church ’s war with the media continued throughout the 1980s and ’90s .
A pivotal moment came in 1991 with the publication of Richard Behar ’s scathing cover story on the Church of Scientology for Time magazine .
With the unapologetic title , “ The Thriving Cult of Greed and Power , ” Behar ’s article described the church as primarily a vicious , manipulative , money - driven “ racket ” that operates in a “ mafia - like manner ” even as it hides behind the protective , tax - exempt façade of a “ religion . ”
In a sidebar to the article , however , Behar also recounted the church ’s aggressive attempts to obstruct his investigation .
At least ten attorneys and six private detectives had been unleashed in an effort to “ threaten , harass and discredit ” him .
Among other things , Behar claims that a copy of his personal credit report — with detailed information about his bank account , credit cards , home address and social security number — was illegally retrieved , and that he was subjected to surveillance and phone - tapping .
The church , meanwhile , countered that Behar ’s article was a slanderous , sensationalist attack on a legitimate religious organization and part of a much longer history of misunderstanding and persecution that this religious minority has faced since its inception .
In keeping with Scientology ’s aggressive response to its critics , the church hit Behar and Time Warner with a libel suit , asking for $ 416 million in damages .
The courts , however , dealt Scientology a devastating blow : by 1996 , all counts of the libel suit had been dismissed , and in 2001 , a Federal Court of Appeals upheld the dismissal .
Ignoring South Park
Scientology ’s defeat in the Behar case ( along with several other scandals that occurred at roughly the same time , such as the highly controversial death of Scientologist Lisa McPherson ) appears to have marked a significant shift in the church ’s response to its critics .
To the surprise of anyone who follows Scientology and its history of “ fair game , ” the church did virtually nothing after South Park aired a viciously satirical episode in 2005 .
The episode not only ridiculed Hubbard and his celebrity followers such as Tom Cruise but , amazingly , also revealed the most highly confidential level of the church ’s advanced technology known as “ OT III , ” which contains the secret history of the cosmos and the origin of human suffering .
The fact that Scientology left South Park untouched by even the threat of a lawsuit signals a clear tactical shift .
Given this history of the church ’s dealings with the media , we can see both the continuities and the important differences in its current strategy for responding to the St. Petersburg Times .
The tactics of “ fair game ” and “ Operation Freakout ” appear to have been very costly to the church , both financially and for public relations .
Instead , it has now apparently brought three well - known journalists onto its own payroll .
According to the Washington Times , the church offered $ 5,000 to Steve Weinberg ( the former executive of Investigative Researchers and Editors , who has taught at the University of Missouri ’s journalism school for a quarter - century ) to edit the study .
The other journalists commissioned include Russell Carollo , who won a 1998 Pulitzer Prize , and Christopher Szechenyi , an Emmy - winning former television producer .
The church declines to say how much Carollo and Szechenyi were paid but states that it simply wants an “ outside view ” of the situation .
The result of the investigation is reportedly a twenty - page document that is said by the church to be “ highly critical ” of the Times ; yet it is by no means clear when — or indeed if — the study will be released .
What is at stake for both sides is more than simply a war of words or even a costly lawsuit .
For Scientology , as church spokesman Tommy Davis argues , this is a matter of religious freedom in the face of relentless media persecution and “ naked bias ” against “ the fastest - growing religion on Earth . ”
In response to the “ Truth Rundown , ” Scientology ’s Freedom magazine published a long rebuttal , claiming that the Times “ had written hundreds of derogatory articles about the Scientology religion , consistently pounding the Church , its members and leaders with vituperative rumor , innuendo and allegation , all of which resulted in a hostile environment for the Church . ”
For the Times and other journalists , conversely , this is a matter of journalistic ethics and free speech .
As the Times ’ executive editor Neil Brown argues , a study that is effectively “ bought and paid for by the Church of Scientology ” could not possibly be objective ; moreover it is to him surprising and disappointing that fellow journalists would take money to investigate a paper “ while they ’re being paid to ask these questions by the very subjects of [ its ] reporting . ”
It remains unclear what will become of the study commissioned by the church , whether it will be invoked in some future lawsuit or simply filed away .
In either case , it is telling evidence that strange things continue to happen to people who write about Scientology ; but they are taking on surprising new forms as the church adapts to a new world of information .
When the Mayans envisioned the world coming to an end in 2012 — at least in the Hollywood telling — they did n’t count junk bonds among the perils that would lead to worldwide disaster .
Maybe they should have , because 2012 also is the beginning of a three - year period in which more than $ 700 billion in risky , high - yield corporate debt begins to come due , an extraordinary surge that some analysts fear could overload the debt markets .
With huge bills about to hit corporations and the federal government around the same time , the worry is that some companies will have trouble getting new loans , spurring defaults and a wave of bankruptcies .
The United States government alone will need to borrow nearly $ 2 trillion in 2012 , to bridge the projected budget deficit for that year and to refinance existing debt .
While in Britain , France , USA and Argentina the Mossad enjoys the support of thousands of local Sayanim , Jews who are happy to betray their neighbours for their beloved Jewish state , when operating in Arab countries the Mossad has to schlep its very many assassins and their assistants using different fraudulent methods .
Yet one may wonder why does it take 26 Mossad agents to carry out a single murder of an unarmed Palestinian freedom fighter with a pillow * .
I will try to throw some light on the puzzling question .
The Mossad is not just an ordinary intelligence agency run by boring gentiles .
It is actually run by Chosen people and it is there to serve the interests of the Jewish state and the Jewish national project .
In recent days we learned that more than two dozen Mossad agents have been identified so far by the Dubai police .
One would expect that with such a varied and extended collective of Jewish murderers operating in an hostile Arab country at least one combatant Rabbi is needed just to keep the Kosher regulations , maintaining an open line with God and sustaining a revengeful Jewish spirit .
As much as food in Dubai is known to be amazingly delicious , not many kosher delicatessens are currently operating downtown .
Hence , we also need a Jewishly trained expert that would purchase the fish for the gefilte and the chicken for the soup .
We would need at least one chef who knows how to transform chicken and water into Jewish Power ( chicken soup ) .
You have to remember that from a Jewish perspective , food is of the essence .
Unlike animals who kill only when they need to eat or are detecting an imminent danger , the Israeli kills for “ ulterior motives ” ( democracy , pluralism , war ‘ against terror ’ etc ’ ) and then prefers to do it when their belly is full .
Between the culinary concerns and the Kosher diet regulations we already allocated 3 members of the team .
Still 23 potential assassins are more than enough for just one single kill .
But there are more facts to take into account .
Bearing in mind the recent revelations about some Mossad members ’ mental instability , it is more than likely that a Psychiatrist , a Freudian analyst , a psychiatric paramedic and a nurse were needed to assist the Jewish lethal heroes ‘ before and after ’ .
This indeed brings our team to just 19 potential assassins .
As we learn from the press , 6 of the Mossad agents were women .
This would mean that we need some beauty experts .
A hairdresser who specialises in ' curly situations ' .
We would also need a Jewish Cosmetic consultant , and one who knows about manicure and pedicure .
One who can transform the Jewish female nail into a Zionist lethal sword ( just in case a technical pillow failure occurs ) .
We also need a wig specialist , one who knows how to transform a boy from Tel Aviv into a lad from Essex .
The ‘ J beauty specialists ’ reduce our team of assassins to 17 .
But we are not finished yet , as we learn from the press .
Our Mossad killers were rather enthusiastic about tennis .
Clearly they would n’t trust an Arab or Jihady referee , they must have brought their own .
They probably needed a Kosher Israeli tennis referee and a few athletic settlers who run after their balls .
Let us assume that we need 2 - 3 ball runners and one referee , this would bring our potential assassin team to just 14 .
According to The Times , the Holocaust play a major role in Mossad ’s philosophy .
“ We should be strong , use our brain , and defend ourselves so that the Holocaust will never be repeated ” , says .
Meir Dagan the Mossad ’s current chief .
As it happens , the Mossad is killing in the name of the Jewish past .
It is more than likely that the Mossad schleped to Dubai some of its best Holocaust priests , those who remind the spies why should they execute and why they should depart from the human family .
Considering the six figure narrative , it would be reasonable to assume that the Mossad sent to Dubai at least six Holocaust mentors : one for each million .
However , as we know , the Nazi Holocaust is just one event among countless other Judeocides .
‘ Never to Forgive Never to Forget ’ is apparently the prospect of Jewish future .
All together we can count 9 or 10 Jewish Judeocide priests to include the 19th century East European Pogroms , the Inquisition , Amalek and so on .
This would bring down our list of potential hit men to just 5 .
Yet as much as nationalist Jews and their spiritual leaders vow ‘ never to forget ’ and always to remember , there are some things they really insist to overlook , push aside or dismiss .
For instance , they seem to fail to grasp the real meaning of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict known as the Goldstone report .
They insist to dismiss Shlomo Sand ’s reading of their history as a bundle of invented phatasmic tales on the verge of total fallacy .
They insist to turn a blind eye to the fact that AIPAC , AJC , ADL , LFI and CFI dispatches are all lobbying for racist expansionist ideology ( Zionism ) in our midst .
With British Foreign Secretary David Miliband being listed as an “ Israeli Hasbara ( propaganda ) Author ” and Zionists preaching for interventionist wars in the Media , with Bernie Madoff teaching us about Ponzi schemes and Alan Greenspan who brought on us the biggest financial meltdown ever .
We need some Jewish specialists who can indoctrinate Mossad agents into total blindness and complete amnesia .
I would guess that with Wolfowitz , Miliband , Goldstone , Abe Foxman , Greenspan , Madoff , Olmert , Livni Sharon , Peres and too many more , we may need just more than 5 experts to convince the Mossad ’s hit - squad that the Jewish cause is truly kosher .
As we can see , we already counted 26 necessary assistants to murder without even mentioning a single Mossad pillow operator .
As we see , it takes far more than just 26 Mossad agents to murder an unarmed Palestinian .
I guess that in the coming days the Dubai police will bring up many more photos of Israelis in wigs .
I must admit that with Israel around , life is always full of surprises .
What are we going to do when it is gone ?
﻿
* To find yourself a Jewish Pillow cllick here
I listened in on a press conference this morning from the solar advocates at SEIA as they reviewed U.S. solar in 2009 and focused on utility - scale solar .
Rhone Resch , CEO of SEIA , led the call and covered some quick stats :
In 2009 there was 58 megawatts of utility - scale solar deployed in the U.S. in 5 projects .
The compelling news is that SEIA expects to see more than 200 megawatts of utility - scale solar from concentrated solar power ( CSP ) and photovoltaics ( PV ) coming online in 2010 .
Those projects include Florida Power and Light 's 75 - megawatt trough project and thin film solar efforts by First Solar .
Even more encouraging is that there are over 100 utility - scale solar projects in the U.S. totaling 17,000 MW now in the planning stage .
Jeff Levine , President of Gotham Research Group reviewed the results of a recent nationwide poll : 75 percent of Americans , across the political spectrum , support utility - scale solar on public lands .
Further polling data here .
Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ( AZ - 7 ) also spoke on the phone call .
She is clearly an enthusiastic supporter of solar and actually sounded knowledgeable on the subject .
She cited the Arizona - based solar efforts already in progress -- Suntech 's factory construction , Abengoa 's CSP project and BrightSource 's enormous CSP deployment .
She sees the need for removing permitting roadblocks to solar development .
During the call , one of Gifford 's constituents , Peter Schmugge , a self - described conservative Christian and Republican operative , twittered , " What a surprise .
Instead of listening to her constituents , Rep. Giffords is talking solar once again . "
Schmugge must be part of the 25 percent who do n't support utility - scale solar on public lands .
We covered the recent Arizona solar bill kerfuffle here .
We covered the BrightSource $ 1.37 billion loan guarantee and Ivanpah project here .
There 's good information from SEIA on interconnection issues here .
In New Delhi last week the Foreign Secretaries of India and Pakistan met for the first time since the terrorist attack on Mumbai in November 2008 ; the official talks concluded with both sides arguing over what they should talk about .
India demanded that Islamabad prosecute the Pakistani militants responsible for the Mumbai attacks more vigorously .
Pakistan insisted that the core issue between the two countries remains the India - held Muslim majority valley of Kashmir , where , out of a population of some 7.6 million people , more than 80,000 people have died since an insurgency supported by Pakistan began in 1989 .
In one sense at least , the faltering dialogue between India and Pakistan resembles the ‘ peace process ’ in the Middle East : by the time any ways to proceed are agreed upon , usually with much acrimony , peace seems even further away .
Last week ’s talks in Delhi most likely came about because of pressure from the United States .
The Obama administration seems to have decided that it cannot do without Pakistani assistance in fighting the Taliban and al - Qaeda , and that Pakistan has its own strategic interests in Afghanistan .
Pakistan has rewarded this overdue acknowledgment of its concerns by arresting senior Taliban leaders who have long been living in its territory .
In return , the Obama administration has pressed India to be more conciliatory over Kashmir .
Of course , protecting American security interests is n’t the only reason why India and Pakistan should work toward a solution in Kashmir .
As Basharat Peer ’s new book , Curfewed Night , recounts , India ’s occupation of the valley , enforced by more than half a million soldiers , has given a powerful raison d’etre to militant organizations in Pakistan , which have grown exponentially since 1989 .
Peer , a Kashmiri journalist and currently a Fellow at the Open Society Institute , was in his teens when the insurgency began in Srinagar , the capital of India - held Kashmir .
His own friends , enraged by police firing upon unarmed demonstrators , left the valley to train in militant camps set up across the border by Pakistani intelligence and army officers .
Sent away to India by his parents , Peer witnessed the progressive alienation and isolation of Muslims as Hindu nationalists unleashed one violent campaign after another through the 1990s .
He later returned to Kashmir as a journalist , and Curfewed Night reflects his diverse experience of the valley by combining memoir with reportage , history , and analysis .
In clear , swift prose , Peer evokes the relentless ordeal of checkpoints , arbitrary arrests and disappearances that Kashmiri Muslims live with .
He explores the valley ’s syncretic Islam , and the attempts to undermine it by fundamentalists from Pakistan .
He describes the plight of the poorest among more than a hundred thousand Kashmiri Hindus , who fled the valley after radical Islamists killed many of them .
He also investigates the widespread use of torture against Kashmiri young men by Indian security forces , particularly the practice of inserting live copper wires into penises , which led to hundreds of cases of impotence in the valley .
Peer is not writing about a remote past ; torture and extrajudicial execution remain commonplace in Kashmir today , even though Pakistan - trained or indigenous militants are fewer and less lethal .
Nor have India and Pakistan gotten any closer to resolving their dispute over the region .
Pakistani army and intelligence officers loudly invoke the alleged existential threat from India , helping them to preserve the ISI ’s extra-constitutional authority ( and business monopolies ) in Pakistan and severely limiting the prospects for democracy and equitable economic growth .
Kashmir also exacts a great price from India , which is still overwhelmingly poor despite its fast - growing GDP , while radicalizing many among the country ’s 150 million Muslims .
The Chennai daily , The Hindu , revealed last month that Pakistani militants demanding the Indian army ’s withdrawal from Kashmir during the four - day terror attack on Mumbai in November 2008 were being prompted via their mobile phones by an Indian Muslim , who advised them to call the media to condemn India ’s “ two - faced ” policy toward Muslims .
The new round of talks could be derailed by another terrorist attack in India — such as the one last month that killed 15 Indians and foreigners in the Western Indian city of Pune — or against an Indian target in Afghanistan .
In any case , the Obama administration does n’t seem much interested in slowing or reversing the arms buildup in South Asia — the necessary prelude to peace in the region — as it promotes major arms deals with both India and Pakistan .
As is well known , the Pakistani army under General Pervez Musharraf eagerly appropriated for their own purposes the $ 10 billion in aid showered on Pakistan by the Bush administration after September 11 .
Beholden for his survival to the army and the ISI , Pakistan ’s president Asif Ali Zardari seems far from renouncing the venal ways that earned him long spells in prison .
Nevertheless , American military sales to Pakistan , paid for with aid money , will increase almost two - fold next year .
Meanwhile , American defense firms like Lockheed Martin and Boeing are currently vying for the world ’s biggest weapons contracts from India , which is racing to modernize its military .
Almost entirely exempt from parliamentary debate or public scrutiny , the unprecedented expansion of India ’s defense budget , which rose 34 percent last year , is a bonanza for the country ’s alarmingly numerous corrupt politicians , bureaucrats and army officers .
The consensus on defense spending is facilitated by an increasingly right - wing press that is constantly raising the alarm about various external and internal enemies .
There are , as the political scientist Sunil Khilnani recently warned , grounds to fear the emergence in India of a “ military - industrial complex ” — especially while the Indian state , as Khilnani points out , is at war with its own people in Central India : the Mao - inspired guerillas who have organized India ’s traditionally disadvantaged tribal communities and low - caste peasants into a militant movement spanning 20 of India ’s 28 states .
The apparent failure of an ambitious counterinsurgency campaign called “ Operation Green Hunt ” has recently forced the Indian government to propose ceasefire talks with the “ Maoists . ”
As politicians and columnists frequently point out , “ they are our own people . ”
But no such magnanimity may be extended to the 4 million Kashmiri Muslims who many Indians regard as blatantly treasonous after twenty years of anti-India , Pakistan - supported militancy .
Of course most Kashmiris , weary of both radical Islamists from Pakistan and Indian security forces , long to be free of their overbearing neighbors .
But even before its recent jingoistic phase , Indian press and television tended to obscure the clear Kashmiri demand for self - determination , preferring to highlight the depredations of Islamic fundamentalists .
The complexity of the conflict as well as strictures on travel continue to inhibit foreign reporters from covering what Bill Clinton in 2002 described as the “ world ’s most dangerous place . ”
More disturbingly , a generation that has grown up in the shadow of the insurgency may soon be provoked into a new cycle of extreme violence .
Scantily reported in the Indian and international press , Kashmir has been paralyzed for the last two weeks by strikes and clashes between police and young Kashmiri Muslims angered by the alleged killing of two unarmed teenagers by Indian soldiers .
The possibility of participating in India ’s growing economy will only partly defuse the fresh rage and frustration of these youths : they may prove to be no less compromising than their predecessors — Basharat Peer ’s generation — who took up arms against the Indian state .
No doubt Pakistani army and intelligence officials are watching them with interest , especially as talks between India and Pakistan go nowhere and the two countries embark upon their costliest arms race yet .
Basharat Peer , Curfewed Night : One Kashmiri Journalist ’s Frontline Account of Life , Love , and War in His Homeland ( Scribner , 2010 )
( New York ) -
On the second anniversary of the March 2008 protests in Tibetan areas , the Chinese government should release those detained without charge , Human Rights Watch said today .
The Chinese government should also respect rights to freedom of expression and peaceful assembly in responding to protests in Lhasa and other Tibetan areas during the anniversary .
Scores of people in Lhasa have reportedly already been arbitrarily arrested and detained .
" Further repression will breed precisely the kind of instability the Chinese government fears , " said Sophie Richardson , Asia advocacy director at Human Rights Watch .
" Addressing underlying grievances and allowing Tibetans to enjoy basic rights of expression , assembly , and due process is the only way to ensure the ‘ harmony ' Beijing so craves . "
Against a backdrop of ever - more intrusive controls over religious and cultural activities , accelerated state - led economic development , and large scale compulsory resettlement of farmers and nomads , major protests against Chinese rule erupted in Lhasa on March 10 , 2008 , and spread across the Tibetan plateau .
That date marked the anniversary of the failed 1959 uprising against Chinese rule .
Over the next four days , hundreds of monks from monasteries in and around Lhasa peacefully protested .
On March 14 , 2008 , near Ramoche temple in Lhasa , members of the public started protesting against police who were preventing monks from leaving the compound ; some protesters turned violent and burned several police cars .
The police retreated and then inexplicably disappeared from Lhasa for much of the rest of the day .
Rioters burned Chinese shops and government buildings and attacked Chinese - looking passersby .
Dozens of protests were held in Tibetan communities across the plateau over the course of that week .
Since that time , Tibetan areas remain tense , closely monitored , and saturated with troops .
In 2009 , two Tibetans were executed for their involvement in the 2008 protests .
In March 2009 , Human Rights Watch released an extensive analysis of official Chinese accounts regarding the arrests and trials of Tibetan protesters from March 2008 .
That assessment showed that by the Chinese government 's own count , thousands of Tibetans had been subject to arbitrary arrest and more than 100 trials were pushed through the judicial system .
Little reliable information has emerged since that time to indicate releases , acquittals , or even the whereabouts of those detained .
While several trials have been held , they have been highly politicized proceedings .
In September 2009 , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , Navanethem Pillay , identified " discrimination and the failure to protect minority rights " as " underlying causes " behind the protests in Tibet and Xinjiang - the Uighur Autonomous Region that was rocked by the worst episode of ethnic violence in July 2009 .
The Chinese government response to both uprisings has continued to rely on broad and indiscriminate coercion and intimidation , and preventing any expression of discontent .
" National security concerns do not exempt the Chinese government from it from its obligation to respect fundamental rights and freedoms , " said Richardson .
" If Tibetans in China are equal before the law then the government must account for every detention . "
The US Navy 's unmanned " Fire Scout " helicopter was out minding its own business on a trial run , when its home base warship detected a suspicious speedboat on radar .
That 's when Robocopter kicked into high pursuit — filming the whole way .
Advertisement
The subsequent three - hour chase finally ended when the speedboat rendezvoused with a fishing boat , at which time a U.S. Coastguard Law Enforcement Detachment unit from the USS McInerney swarmed .
What they found : 60 kilos of cocaine , with another 200 kilos of narcotics presumed jettisoned .
Oh , and all sorts of bad guy drug traffickers .
Heckuva way to earn your wings , Fire Scout .
Just do n't let it go to your head when they make a movie out of it .
[ The Register ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Police in Dubai are to issue arrest warrants for 11 " agents with European passports " suspected of assassinating a top Hamas official last month .
Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was murdered in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January .
Reports have suggested that he was in Dubai to buy weapons for Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas .
It has accused Israeli agents of killing him .
Dubai 's police chief said six of the suspects had British passports , three were Irish , one French and one German .
The Britons were named as James Leonard Clarke , Stephen Daniel Hodes , Paul John Keeley , Michael Lawrence Barney , Jonathan Lewis Graham and Melvyn Adam Mildiner .
One of the group was a woman with Irish papers in the name of Gail Folliard .
The other Irish suspects were named as Kevin Daveron and Evan Dennings .
We have no doubts that it was 11 people holding these passports , and we regret that they used the travel documents of friendly countries
Lt Gen Dhafi Khalfan Tamim
Dubai police
Pictures of ' 11 Europeans ' Hamas commander ' killed in Dubai ' History of Israel 's ' covert killing '
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office and their Irish counterparts have said they are investigating .
Officials in Dubai said the team appeared to be a professional hit - squad , most likely sponsored by a foreign power , suggesting the team were operating on false documents .
He showed CCTV footage of the group entering the hotel where Mr Mabhouh was staying .
At one point the men appear to don wigs and false beards .
" We do not rule out the involvement of Mossad ( the Israeli secret service ) , but when we arrest those suspects we will know who masterminded it , " Lt Gen Dhafi Khalfan Tamim said .
" We have no doubts that it was 11 people holding these passports , and we regret that they used the travel documents of friendly countries , " Lt Gen Tamim said .
' Suffocated ' Lt Gen Tamim said the identities had been passed on to Interpol , as part of an official request for international arrest warrants to be issued .
Mr Mabhouh was electrocuted and suffocated , according to reports last month .
Lt Gen Tamim said the suspects had followed Mr Mabhouh into Dubai from Syria , where he lived since 1989 , before fanning out to stay at different hotels to avoid detection .
Two Palestinians who aided the team have been arrested , the police said .
Mr Mabhouh was a founder member of the Izzedine al - Qassam Brigades , and was thought to be behind the kidnap and murder of two Israeli soldiers in 1989 during the first Palestinian Intifada .
The Izzedine al - Qassam Brigades have been responsible for suicide bombings and rocket attacks across Israel .
Israel has refused to comment on the accusations its security forces were behind the killing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jane McGonigal thinks that gaming can save the world .
We currently spend three billion hours a week playing online games .
McGonigal says we need to raise that total to twenty - one billion hours a week by the next decade , if we want to address the world ’s problems .
Counter - intuitive , yes .
I thought there were only 168 hours in a week …
Watch her talk below .
How To Get A Cork Out Of A Bottle
The public 's right to poo in private needs to be better protected , politicians were told today .
Journalist Neale McMillan raised concerns about the widespread use of surveillance cameras in public spaces and the lack of control over how footage is used when he appeared before Parliament 's justice and electoral select committee .
He produced photographs of cameras actually inside public toilets in Kaikoura which would record people using facilities .
Mr McMillan urged MPs to take to heart a Law Commission report - Invasion of Privacy : Penalties and Remedies : Review of the Law of Privacy - released in February calling for greater privacy protections , including tougher restrictions on harassment and covert surveillance .
The review recommended the creation of a new law to cover the use of surveillance and tracking devices .
Mr McMillan said the toilets in Kaikoura demonstrated the lack of boundaries around the use of surveillance cameras .
He said individuals who watched others use toilets were prosecuted and society deemed such perversion unacceptable .
" The ' official ' use of cameras installed above toilet cubicles is no less repugnant , particularly if there is scope for such records to be misused or abused .
For disabled people to be surreptitiously monitored whilst they perform the most personal bodily functions is abhorrent . "
Mr McMillan , a life member of the Parliamentary Press Gallery , said the use of cameras was prevalent even around Parliament - there was one in the committee room where he was speaking .
In Parliament there were strict rules about where and when media could film yet there were surveillance cameras operating in the debating chamber and there was little information available about why they were there , who had access to the records and whether records could be misused .
National MP
Simon Bridges said while he understood Mr McMillan 's concerns crimes , including murder , did happen in toilets .
He suggested strict rules about who could run the surveillance and where cameras could be directed .
People often did not use toilets because they were not considered safe , he said .
Mr McMillan said the cameras could be outside the toilets .
He told the committee one photo of a surveillance camera was taken while he sat on one of the Kaikoura toilets , which showed that it could film him .
Labour MP David Parker said technology had changed and the law had not kept up .
He suggested while police faced surveillance boundaries , there was little control on others .
A spokesman for Justice Minister Simon Power said he would not be commenting on whether the Law Commission 's recommendations would be picked up until it produced its final report , there are four in the series on privacy , expected late this year .
“ It was very hard sitting there and listening to all the lies , ” Officer Morales said afterward .
Officer Kern , whose confident , matter - of - fact testimony was a key part of the defense case , showed no expression before the verdict was read , then smiled , hugging his lawyer and his parents , who sobbed at news of the outcome .
Afterward , he said he hoped to “ get back on the street and do what I love to do : protect the people of Brooklyn . ”
Mr. Miller , the juror , said prosecutors never answered critical questions , like why there was no blood on the jeans Mr. Mineo was wearing during the confrontation .
The jury asked the judge to play surveillance video from the day of the arrest in court .
Though Mr. Mineo and another witness had testified that he had blood on his hand , jurors saw him place his hands in his pockets in the video and they asked to examine the jeans on their own .
They found no blood in the pockets or the seat , Mr. Miller said .
The jurors , Mr. Miller said , were also troubled by a hole in Mr. Mineo ’s boxers :
He said it was caused by the baton , but expert witnesses presented by the defense said that was impossible .
The prosecutors , Mr. Miller said , “ were never able to answer how the hole was made . ”
As soon as Mr. Mineo ’s allegations emerged in 2008 , they drew comparisons with the 1997 torture of Abner Louima , a Haitian immigrant who was sodomized with a broomstick by a police officer in Brooklyn ’s 70th Precinct station house .
The Louima attack became a national symbol of police brutality and racism , and the main officer involved was sentenced to 30 years in prison .
But while Mr. Louima ’s injuries , including punctured internal organs and missing teeth , strongly suggested an attack , Mr. Mineo ’s medical condition was more murky :
His lawyers said he had developed an abscess , but they initially refused to release his medical records .
And while the attack on Mr. Louima by a white officer stirred longstanding complaints about the treatment of black men by the police , there was no racial component to Mr. Mineo ’s case , since both he and the officers involved were white and Hispanic .
It spawned neither major civil rights protests nor sweeping change to training or operations within the ranks .
As the trial got under way in State Supreme Court in Brooklyn last month , there were neither protests outside the courthouse to support Mr. Mineo nor a sea of blue uniforms inside to support the officers .
Image Officer Richard Kern , center , facing the camera , and Officer Alex Cruz , who had been charged with a cover - up of police abuse .
Credit ... Kirsten Luce for The New York Times
Throughout , the defense made diminishing Mr. Mineo ’s credibility a priority , telling jurors about his drug use , previous arrests and the federal civil rights lawsuit he filed against the city , seeking about $ 350 million in damages .
( Mr. Louima won about $ 8 million in settlements ) .
The oil well spewing crude into the Gulf of Mexico did n't have a remote - control shut - off switch used in two other major oil - producing nations as last - resort protection against underwater spills .
The lack of the device , called an acoustic switch , could amplify concerns over the environmental impact of offshore drilling after the explosion ...
DENVER ( AP ) 
The Colorado Avalanche have signed free - agent forward Zach Cohen to an entry - level contract .
He will report to the club 's American Hockey League affiliate , the Lake Erie Monsters .
Cohen , of Schaumburg , Ill. , was part of Boston University 's 2009 NCAA championship team and scored a goal in the title game .
He just completed his senior season and finished his collegiate career with 31 goals and 21 assists in 130 games .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Briton is recognised as world 's first officially genderless person
A British expat who claims to have no gender is thought to have become the first person to be officially recognised as neither male or female .
In response to Professor Walter Block ’s response to the ‘ anti- capitalist ’ proponents of free markets .
20 Mar 2010 | InfoShop News
Austrian economist , philosopher and professor Walter Block wrote an article for LewRockwell.com called , “ Say ‘ Yes ’ to Capitalism , ” ( h/t : Wendy ) in response to left and pluralist libertarians ’ abandonment of capitalism — its pejorative historical meaning and the manner in which it exists .
‘ Capitalism ’ entered the libertarian vernacular largely through the libertarianism - framing of Pierre - Joseph Proudhon in What is Property ?
( 1840 ) .
He used ‘ capitalist ’ not only to describe “ robbers ” who expropriate the production of laborers , pay a portion of that production in the form of a wage “ which is too small ” and keeps the excess ‘ stolen capital ’ ; but also that these ‘ proprietors ’ are able to do so because of the parasitic , tyrannical State .
‘ Capitalist ’ was used to describe indirect forceful expropriators ; the State being their agents , gravy train , etc .
Fast forward to today and what ’s referred to as ‘ capitalism ’ within the conventional wisdom is what Austrian economists , voluntaryists , “ anarcho - capitalists ” and the neoclassicals call ‘ corporatism ‘ to distinguish capitalism as a goal for society to reach as opposed to a classification of anything near the status quo .
Prof .
Block runs off a list of neoclassicals and neoconservatives who call themselves ‘ capitalists ’ and calls them wrong .
Are they ?
The common argument against the far - left and more pluralist socio- economist philosophers who employ Proudhon ’s logic is that the laborer voluntarily contracts his labor to produce for the capitalist in exchange for the wage he / she receives .
That the laborer chooses to produce and ‘ earn a living ’ with this capitalist as opposed to other capitalists .
That the laborer ’s capital is his / her labor , therefore the laborer is also a capitalist and capitalism is simply the voluntary economic interpersonal relations among human action .
Ignored in this logic is the extent to which laborers ’ choices in the marketplace are limited by State violence employed by the capitalist as Proudhon referred to capitalists .
The question left by this cognitive dissonance is : is the laborer a capitalist or forcefully dominated by capitalism ?
If the latter , capitalism should be opposed by libertarians because libertarians by any objective definition are uncompromisingly anti-authoritarian in all aspects of interpersonal relations .
Prof .
Block says his argument in favor of ‘ capitalism ’ is “ not etymological but rather linguistic ” in way that the meaning of ‘ liberal ’ today and throughout the 20th century has morphed over time to be an incorrect one .
The difference is that the definition of ‘ liberal ’ changed .
‘ Capitalist ’ has always meant ‘ corporatism ’ outside of one revolutionary economist , Ludwig von Mises ; but his definition was not linguistic .
It was reactionary .
Karl Marx used varying forms of ‘ capitalism ’ throughout his work as Proudhon did — pejoratively — but took Proudhon ’s analysis of the status quo to different conclusions .
It ’s important to note that before Marx , ‘ socialism ’ was not used to describe State ownership of the means of production .
Marx laid the framework for the early - 20th century Bolshevik Revolution in Russia where the State ’s robbery of all property would be an incremental phase toward socialism , which would be a stateless society .
But the Bolsheviks incorrectly called themselves ‘ socialists ’ before the society became stateless and never sought to become stateless .
Socialism ’s antipathy for capitalism and the totalitarians calling themselves ‘ socialists ’ laid the framework for Mises ’ linguistically incorrect arguments against the Bolsheviks .
To call the antithesis of Bolshevism ‘ capitalism ’ is only correct when the Bolsheviks are incorrectly accepted as ‘ socialists ’ .
And this is where the linguistics of libertarians like Prof .
Block carries faulty reasoning .
( There is some standard Block - Shock in defense of ‘ capitalism ’ against its pejorative historical meaning relating to the differing uses of “ faggot ” and nigger ” that I wo n’t justify with a response here that would too easily serve as a distraction .
Another time , perhaps . )
Free marketeers in support of the facebook group ‘ Libertarians Against Capitalism ‘ ( to which Prof. Block is reacting ) , the writings of Kevin Carson , the analysis of Gary Chartier and the presentation of Sheldon Richman are not reacting to the ‘ incorrect conventional wisdom ’ on ‘ capitalism ’ today ; but to the incorrect conventional wisdom on ‘ socialism ’ when the likes of Mises latched onto ‘ capitalism ’ .
Linguistically , ‘ socialism ’ is not State ownership of the means of production and ‘ capitalism ’ is not a market freed from coercion .
The fact is that descriptive terms of economic , political and ethical philosophies are usually linguistically flawed to very high degrees .
Words like ‘ liberal ’ , ‘ conservative ’ , ‘ capitalism ’ , ‘ democracy ’ , ‘ republican ’ and many others are barely usable anymore because the subjective etymology conflicts with objective derivatives of the words .
Unlike ‘ liberal ’ , the linguistic derivative of ‘ capitalism ’ does n’t really lead to the formation of an economic system , so the etymological usage really does reign supreme to comprise an accurate definition .
Mr. Richman articulates briefly in his lecture “ Capitalism vs. The Free Market ” that the antithesis to statism is socialism because without the State dipping its fingers into the marketplace , the interpersonal relations of individuals within society — the social ability to cooperate with one another , regardless of the economic system — human action dictates the conditions under which we live and are faced with which to interact on a massive , decentralized scale .
Brad Spangler , director of the Center for a Stateless Society , has contested in the more forward manner that market anarchists of the self - proclaimed agorist , voluntaryist and “ anarcho - capitalist ” variety are socialists .
Etymologically speaking , ‘ libertarian ’ is a word to describe what is today more clearly called a ‘ libertarian socialist ’ , ‘ anarcho - syndicalist ’ or ‘ mutualist ’ .
In the U.S. , ‘ libertarian ’ is not attributed to anarchism , but to the minarchist philosophies of Ayn Rand and Objectivist circles , the studies of the Cato Institute , the propaganda of Reason magazine and the politics of Rep. Ron Paul ( R - TX ) .
When the derivative of ‘ libertarian ’ is analyzed , like ‘ liberal ’ , ‘ libertarian ’ can only correctly be defined as someone who is anti-State to the logical conclusion of being an anarchist .
Anarchist , moral and free market principles taken to their logical conclusions lead to each other , as well .
Therefore , ‘ capitalism ’ and the markets free from coercive domination are neither one nor the same .
The reasoning flaws within the philosophies of self - proclaimed libertarian socialists of the communitarian variety are pretty well described by you .
But with all due respect , Prof .
Block , your reasoning is flawed on ‘ capitalism ’ , sir .
That said , I respect the debate on ‘ capitalism ’ as a word .
I still very tightly cling to self - proclaimed “ anarcho - capitalist ” Murray Rothbard ’s activism and anaylsis of morality , ethics , political science and economics .
Left - libertarians at the Center for a Stateless Society and the Austro - libertarians at the Ludwig von Mises Institute agree with me in this respect for the late - Prof .
Rothbard ’s revolutionary wisdom .
Therefore , I propose the two organizations provide thorough independent analysis of ‘ capitalism ’ as a word — its historical usage and linguistic derivations — in a review complied of articles within each ‘ school ’ .
To this , I would gladly , respectfully participate in a morally intellectual study free of ad hominem insult and juvenile cynicism .
If thesis statements are built upon counterpoints of ‘ appealing to the left ’ and ‘ appealing to the right ’ , I ’ll respectively go back to sitting on the sidelines of this discovery process .
EDIT : Thank you , Prof .
Block for aiding in the treatment of my writer ’s block .
[ Insert your own pun here ]
EDIT 2 : Prof. Gary Chartier ’s libertarian redistribution post , today , reflects an important aspect of how libertarianism conflicts with capitalism .
It should be noted libertarians who are relatively conservative defenders of capitalism are largely in line with accepting Prof .
Chartier ’s points on the application of libertarian justice in reference to property .
Read “ Libertarians for Redistribution ” at his blog , LiberaLaw , here .
EDIT 3 : As expected , Mr. Richman promptly responded to Prof .
Block ’s criticism .
Read it at his blog here .
EDIT 4 : Thanks to Prof.
Chartier for alerting me to an error in initially noting Proudhon as the one who introduced ‘ capitalist ’ into libertarian analysis .
This indeed was free market anarchist Thomas Hodgskin , who was also a harsh critic of capitalism .
RELATED :
Since 2005 — when 9 - year - old Jessica Lunsford was kidnapped , sexually assaulted , and murdered by a registered sex offender who lived next door — many local governments in Florida have increased the buffer zones that separate sex - offender residences from places where children congregate , and the question of what to do with paroled sex criminals has reverberated from county to county .
No one wants to live near them , but no one , especially law enforcement , knows where to put them .
“ Everybody says put them on an island , ” says Young .
“ Every sex offender I know would say , ‘ Where ’s the island ?
I ’ll go !
Just tell me where it is . ’ ”
Young made such an island out of Broadview Park .
The neighborhood feels forgotten , with derelict vehicles parked on patchy lawns , and rusted wire fences surrounding recently repossessed homes .
By early 2008 , when Young discovered the area using his GPS system , it was one of the last places in the county with a buffer zone of 1,000 feet , the minimum state requirement , while nearby counties had increased theirs to 2,500 feet .
Young leased four houses from landlords desperate enough not to be selective about their tenants , and took in sex offenders who had been living in a tent city under Miami ’s Julia Tuttle Causeway .
He also bought a three - bedroom foreclosed home for $ 150,000 and rented it out to nine sex offenders , charging them each $ 600 a month .
“ Randy said , ‘ Pay what you can , I ’ll work with you , ’ ” said Eddie Pruna , who lived in the house of 24 and kept losing work when his employers found out he had molested his 10 - year - old niece .
“ He helped me when I was on my last nerve . ”
Pruna and his roommate , Robert Taylor ( 12 years for molesting his daughters ) , paid Young by doing construction work on his other properties .
“ It ’s awful hard , being what we are , to find a place to live , ” Taylor said .
“ We ’re supposed to go to therapy and reintegrate into society , but society does n’t want to see us . ”
In 2007 , according to the Broadview Park Civic Association , there were four registered sex offenders in the neighborhood ; by April 2009 , there were 106 .
Graciela Ortiz , a resident who had 14 sex offenders on her street , began to keep her grandchildren indoors .
Though sex offenders were free to live in Broadview Park , unlicensed rooming houses were illegal , and code - enforcement officials threatened Young with fines unless residents vacated his overpopulated homes .
Meanwhile , John Rodstrom , the commissioner of Broward County ’s District 7 , which includes Broadview , rushed to pass a temporary ordinance mandating a 2,500 - foot buffer , which effectively made it impossible for new sex offenders to move in .
“ People are afraid of sex offenders , and maybe they have a right to be , ” Rodstrom told me .
“ They certainly have a right to be concerned about their property values , because if it ’s a sex - offender haven , people are n’t going to buy in that area . ”
See Also ,
' Priest Visits Boss ' ( 1982 , California ) Larry Walters of Los Angeles is one of the few to contend for the Darwin Awards and live to tell the tale .
" I have fulfilled my 20 - year dream , " said Walters , a former truck driver for a company that makes TV commercials .
" I 'm staying on the ground .
I 've proved the thing works . "
Larry 's boyhood dream was to fly .
But fates conspired to keep him from his dream .
He joined the Air Force , but his poor eyesight disqualified him from the job of pilot .
After he was discharged from the military , he sat in his backyard watching jets fly overhead .
He hatched his weather balloon scheme while sitting outside in his " extremely comfortable " Sears lawnchair .
He purchased 45 weather balloons from an Army - Navy surplus store , tied them to his tethered lawnchair ( dubbed the Inspiration I ) and filled the four - foot diameter balloons with helium .
Then , armed with some sandwiches , Miller Lite , and a pellet gun , he strapped himself into his lawnchair .
He figured he would shoot to pop a few of the many balloons when it was time to descend .
Larry planned to sever the anchor and lazily float to a height of about 30 feet above the backyard , where he would enjoy a few hours of flight before coming back down .
But things did n't work out quite as Larry planned .
When his friends cut the cord anchoring the lawnchair to his Jeep , he did not float lazily up to 30 feet .
Instead he streaked into the LA sky as if shot from a cannon , pulled by the lift of 45 helium balloons , holding 33 cubic feet of helium each .
He did n't level off at 100 feet , nor did he level off at 1000 feet .
After climbing and climbing , he leveled off at 16,000 feet .
At that height he felt he could n't risk shooting any of the balloons , lest he unbalance the load and really find himself in trouble .
So he stayed there , drifting cold and frightened with his beer and sandwiches , for more than 14 hours .
He crossed the primary approach corridor of LAX , where startled Trans World Airlines and Delta Airlines pilots radioed in reports of the strange sight .
Eventually he gathered the nerve to shoot a few balloons , and slowly descended .
The hanging tethers tangled and caught in a power line , blacking out a Long Beach neighborhood for 20 minutes .
Larry climbed to safety , where he was arrested by waiting members of the LAPD .
As he was led away in handcuffs , a reporter dispatched to cover the daring rescue asked him why he had done it .
Larry replied nonchalantly , " A man ca n't just sit around . "
The Federal Aviation Administration was not amused .
Safety Inspector Neal Savoy said , " We know he broke some part of the Federal Aviation Act , and as soon as we decide which part it is , a charge will be filed . "
DarwinAwards.com © 1994 - 2012
Submitted by : Ed Greany , Douglas Walker , Walter Hecht
Reference : UPI , Stabbed with a Wedge of Cheese by Charles Downey Footnote :
Larry 's efforts won him a $ 1,500 FAA fine , a prize from the Bonehead Club of Dallas , the altitude record for gas - filled clustered balloons , and a Darwin Awards At - Risk Survivor .
He gave his aluminum lawnchair to admiring neighborhood children , abandoned his truck - driving job , and went on the lecture circuit .
He enjoyed intermittent demand as a motivational speaker , but said he never made much money from his innovative flight .
He never married and had no children .
Larry hiked into the forest and shot himself on October 6 , 1993 .
He died at the age of 44 .
AP Article
3 July 1982
UPI Followup
18 December 1982
Excerpt from Robert Fulghum 's Book All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten
Larry 's Obituary
Los Angeles Times Ed Greany adds :
I am a member of Crest REACT , a non-profit organization that monitors CB Channel 9 for emergencies .
I have the entire event recorded on cassette , while Larry and Santiago REACT Unit 66 were in CB contact .
He was not rescued by a helicopter , as you inaccurately report ( see our previous version ) but came down of his own actions and became entangled in power lines .
He later committed suicide .
He recorded a song called " Lawn Chair that Flew " c. 1982 ASCAP and gave me a personal copy .
I invited him to be a guest speaker at a later REACT Council meeting in Corona , CA .
The CB recording is not Copyrighted , and you may have a copy by sending $ 2 to cover duplication to : Ed Greany c/o Crest React
P.O. Box 395
Corona , CA 92878-0395
Ed says , " I prefer cash as it is simpler , but any medium is okay . "
An informative article by alanboyle .
We incorporate our business savvy into the preparation of each case .
Innovative and creative on behalf of our clients , we use every strategy necessary and every technological tool available to secure the best possible outcome for our clients .
Whether advising on a particular risk issue to help avoid litigation or zealously litigating your interests in court or in arbitration , the Katz Law Group will be your best advocate .
If a matter involves the protection of your company against social media disparagement , eviction of a commercial tenant , defense of a premises liability matter or being on the receiving end of a consumer protection action , the Katz Law Group is here to help navigate these battles with you every step of the way .
The Katz Law Group is a litigation boutique that recognizes how important it is to understand fully the expectations and goals of our clients in each and every case .
Our decades of experience allow us to provide our clients with targeted , straightforward advice that is practical , unequivocal and reasonable .
We have seen it all – well , almost .
Getting To Know Your Business From The Inside
Rolling up our sleeves to be part of a client 's business is what we do .
We aim to grasp the unique business interests , culture and goals of a client in order to protect that client 's brand and legal interests .
Sometimes our involvement includes visiting a construction site , attending a management meeting or even observing behind a counter of a fast - food retailer .
We make every effort to make your business our business .
As A Litigation Boutique , We Have Experience Representing Plaintiffs and Defendants
Experience is the best teacher – and we have had 36 years of litigating cases for both plaintiffs and defendants .
We know what the opposition is thinking .
Targeted Expertise + Efficiency = Overall Value
The Katz Law Group is committed to providing legal services of high quality at reasonable rates .
Since the Katz Law Group has considerable trial experience , we are able to formulate realistic litigation / trial strategies to fit each lawsuit .
At the inception of each case , we prepare a comprehensive action plan in order to guide the matter effectively through the litigation and trial process .
Our evaluation / strategy is always established with the close assistance of risk managers , in - house counsel , credit managers , and in - house personnel .
Alternative Fee Arrangements = Greater Value
The Katz Law Group offers competitive hourly fees and alternative fee arrangements such as fixed fees , success fees , and contingent fees .
In order to keep costs within reason , we use seasoned paralegals as vital members of our litigation team .
We do not , as a rule , charge for basic internal expenses such as secretarial time , internal filing , and regular postage , as examples .
Our fee arrangements are always memorialized by a standard written legal services agreement detailing the scope of our relationship with the client before any work is commenced .
Furthermore , our legal services agreement is always fully compliant and up - to - date with the current rules established by our courts and the Board of Bar Overseers .
We also use customized budget and litigation plans with our clients to ensure efficiency in our work product so that our clients know what to expect .
The last thing any client needs to worry about is whether the legal spending in any given matter is going to exceed the agreed - upon budget .
We Stay In Touch
We keep you updated even when you are not asking for an update .
Whether it is a simple status email or a comprehensive memo , at the Katz Law Group we strive to make our communications clear , concise and frequent .
We also still understand that in this world of electronic communications , sometimes it is easier just to pick up the phone and call to discuss important issues or to touch base .
Ms Piper said she felt ' comforted ' by the presence of CCTV People will be given the right to petition for CCTV cameras , Labour has pledged , as the party unveils its plans for communities and law and order .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson was joined at a press conference by Katie Piper , who was the victim of an acid attack .
She said her attackers may not have been caught and brought to justice if it had not been for the use of CCTV .
Mr Johnson also said Britain was " not broken " , and violent crime had fallen , contrary to Conservative claims .
Mr Johnson accused other parties of opposing greater use of CCTV cameras on the basis of it forming part of a " surveillance society " .
' Tough action '
Ms Piper , who had extensive surgery to rebuild her face , said : " I believe CCTV is an essential tool in today 's day and age in ensuring the safety of the public .
" If you do n't have anything to hide , you do n't have anything to fear .
Without CCTV my attackers could have walked free . "
She said she is " comforted " now by the thought that CCTV cameras are in many places and would not live or work in an area without them .
Mr Johnson accused the Tories of " fundamental deceit " in the ongoing row about the use of crime statistics and said David Cameron was " running down Britain " by claiming society was " broken " .
" He 's used a series of tragic incidents to try and paint the worst possible picture of our society . "
He said a Labour government would take " tough action " against problem families and give communities a greater say about how offenders are dealt with under the community payback scheme .
It would also keep short prison sentences and the DNA database , he said .
Neighbourhood policing Speaking at a campaign event in Oldham , Greater Manchester , Prime Minister Gordon Brown vowed to defend neighbourhood policing , saying 80 % of officers ' time must be spent on the streets in future .
He said the Conservatives would not match Labour on police funding , were against the expansion of CCTV , and wanted to reduce the size of the DNA database .
" If you 're going to be tough on crime and tough on the causes of crime , you need that CCTV protection to back up the police .
That is one of the ways we keep people safe and make people feel safer in our communities , " he said .
Mr Brown used his predecessor Tony Blair 's " tough on crime " phrase five times in the 10 - minute speech .
Later , in a walkabout in Rochdale , Mr Brown met a woman who said she had been a life - long Labour supporter but she was now " ashamed " to admit it .
During the exchange she confronted the prime minister on crime , pensions , education , benefits , immigration and on how the recession was affecting older people .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ABU DHABI ( Reuters ) - Media companies longing to bring a paid - for culture to the Internet might just get what they want if they pay more attention to the smartphone revolution that is changing the way people access the Web .
The new Samsung ' Wave ' smartphone is seen during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona February 14 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Albert Gea
Huge numbers now use mobile phones instead of desktop computers to get online -- a development that has spawned whole new business models in China , the world ’s biggest Internet market .
Paying to read content on the Web , an outlandish idea as recently as a year ago , is slowly but surely establishing itself as the next business model in the Western media mainstream , spearheaded by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp NWSA.O .
But meantime , sales of smartphones -- part of a telecoms economy very different from the PC Web -- are set to outpace sales of desktop computers by 2012 , IT research firm Gartner said this week .
Some believe it could be as early as this year .
And in China -- which has more Internet users than any other nation -- paid content is a non-starter , says Kai - Fu Lee , a former head of Microsoft 's MSFT.O and then Google 's GOOG .O China operations who recently quit to run his own company .
“ Chinese consumers have a stronger conviction that things should be free , so efforts to charge for premium content have basically completely failed , ” Lee said at the Abu Dhabi Media Summit this week .
INTERNET’S STRENGTHS
Traditional publishing groups like News Corp , the New York Times NYT.N and Axel Springer SPRGn .
DE have decided recently to take the plunge and start charging for news online , risking smaller audiences for potential gains in subscription revenues .
Their decisions , taken after much agonising , are as yet largely untested on consumers , but a consensus is growing that there is no alternative because advertising revenues that were devastated in the recession will not return to previous levels .
“ We certainly believe there needs to be dual income - stream business models -- both advertising and subscription , ” said Jon Miller , head of digital media at News Corp .
Publishers argue that they need consumers to rethink their presumption that Web content must be free in order to fund the creation of high - quality news and entertainment .
Lee , on the other hand , said the qualities of the Internet itself rather than the needs of media companies would drive how content was delivered and paid for .
He cited in particular the Web ’s ability to offer both marketing and sales at one click .
Asked about the feasibility of generating subscription alongside advertising revenues , he said : “ It ’s not the single or multiple that really matters to me but whether the model leverages the growth of the Internet and the strengths of the Internet . ”
“ It can have either premium subscription or advertising or app store or other kinds of business models . ”
FIFTY BILLION CONNECTED DEVICES
App stores -- online shops for small software applications that run anything from games to dictation tools to fitness aids on phones -- have proliferated since Apple AAPL.O launched the original App Store for the iPhone in 2008 .
In the 18 months to January , consumers downloaded more than 3 billion iPhone applications , most of them free and the rest typically costing less than $ 1 each .
Despite the low price , high volumes mean the market will grow to $ 6.8 billion ( 4.5 billion pounds ) in 2010 , IT research firm Gartner predicts .
The software creators , whether newspaper publishers or geeks in their garage at home , get a 70 percent revenue share from Apple .
Sales of smartphones like the iPhone are forecast to grow by about 50 percent this year to 250 million units , compared with 20 percent growth to 366 million units for PCs .
New mobile connected devices like Amazon's AMZN.O Kindle e-reader and the soon - to - be - launched Apple iPad tablet computer , aimed at a market somewhere between laptops and smartphones , will also increase the scale of the opportunity .
E-readers , still a nascent business , so far offer terms that publishers find friendlier than advertising - funded models .
Hans Vestberg , chief executive of mobile equipment maker Ericsson ERICb.ST , repeated his prediction this week that there will be 50 billion connected devices by 2020 .
“ Mobile Web adoption is growing eight times faster than the first wave of PC Internet adoption , ” Google ’s CEO Eric Schmidt told the conference this week .
“ There may be some limits , but we ’re not anywhere near them . ”
ABERRATIONS
In China , more than half the nation ’s Internet users -- who totalled 384 million by the end of last year -- are already accessing the Web from a mobile device , and Lee told Reuters that would grow to 800 million in five years .
China 's largest online retailer Taobao , part of leading e-commerce group Alibaba 1688 .
HK , plans to launch mobile phones preloaded with applications this year to bring more users to its online shops .
And , unlike its U.S. counterpart eBay EBAY.O , it does not charge sellers to list items for sale , but funds operations through advertising -- although advertising will not be the answer to everything .
Lee also gave the example of a Chinese browser , gaining in popularity , that removes all visuals and advertising from Web pages to cut the bandwidth needed by cost - conscious consumers .
“ These kinds of unusual aberrations will happen as a result of specific things that happen in each country , so if you want to develop your content for the whole world it ’s important not to assume that the whole world is the same , ” he said .
We understand the importance of being available for our clients when they need us .
Our size is well - suited to this purpose .
We are large enough to have the depth , experience and resources to find an effective resolution to your legal issue – and simultaneously small enough to provide the personal , attentive client service that makes all the difference .
Our attorneys go the extra mile to offer the one - on - one guidance you need to overcome your most difficult legal challenges .
" Debemos lograr acuerdos medulares que cambien no sólo las reglas del juego , sino que nos permitan transitar eficazmente del conflicto político y la amenaza de parálisis a la cooperación y el consenso " , expuso en el 93 aniversario de la Constitución política de México el Presidente Felipe Calderón .
Fuera del contexto de lo que ocurría en aquellos primeros días de febrero pasado , lo dicho por el mandatario hasta suena encomiable .
El asunto es que mientras que en el discurso el mandatario insiste en que hay que dignificar el quehacer político , en los hechos no hace otra cosa más que tratar de provocar el encono .
En el 2009 se renovó la Cámara de Diputados en su totalidad .
El PRI y su aliado , el Partido Verde , consiguieron la mayoría mientras que el partido de Calderón , el PAN , apenas logró el 29 % de las curules .
En estas condiciones el Presidente presentó su presupuesto para el 2010 afirmando que la crisis económica había provocado un boquete presupuestal de más de 300.000 millones de pesos ( 15.000 millones de euros ) y que se requería un alza de impuestos para poder hacer frente a los compromisos financieros del gobierno .
Los diputados del PRI - no todos , pero sí los suficientes para conseguir mayoría con el PAN - aprobaron un alza generalizada en las contribuciones , y por lo que nos hemos enterado después , en aras de conseguir ese buen ambiente político para la discusión del presupuesto , el PAN se habría comprometido por escrito a no hacer alianzas con los partidos de izquierda para enfrentar al PRI en las elecciones locales de 2010 y 2011 .
El secretario de gobernación de Calderón , Fernando Gómez Mont , aparecía como testigo en la firma de estos acuerdos .
Apenas iniciado el año , el líder nacional del PAN anuncia con bombo y platillo que sí van por las alianzas con su otrora enemigo acérrimo , el PRD , para oponerse al PRI en la mayoría de las gubernaturas en disputa este año y con ello desconocen los acuerdos previos .
Se desencadena así una serie de disputas , reclamaciones y desmentidos que inicia con la renuncia de Gómez Mont a su militancia en Acción Nacional y culmina con un gravísimo encontronazo entre legisladores la semana pasada .
Desde la tribuna de la Cámara de Diputados se escucharon toda clase de improperios , y los ánimos se caldearon hasta tal grado que una diputada del PAN llego a asegurar - minutos más tarde se retractaría - que el gobernador del Estado de México es un asesino , y se escuchó a un diputado del PRI decir en voz alta y con todas sus letras que Felipe Calderón se había robado la elección en el 2006 para conseguir ser presidente de la República , dando por cierto lo que no se ha cansado de repetir el candidato perdedor , Andrés Manuel López Obrador : que los resultados del 2006 fueron producto de un monumental fraude electoral .
Para ponderar la seriedad de esas acusaciones es conveniente decir que Peña Nieto , el gobernador acusado de homicida por la panista , es el precandidato más fuerte del Revolucionario Institucional para contender por la presidencia mexicana en el 2012 , y se hace necesario recordar también que ante las acusaciones de fraude electoral de López Obrador en el 2006 , el silencio del PRI y su aceptación de Calderón como ganador de aquella contienda fue lo único que impidió que nos viéramos envueltos en la crisis de constitucionalidad más grave de los últimos cien años .
Tanto César Nava , el incondicional de Calderón que hoy preside Acción Nacional , como Gómez Mont han asegurado ante la opinión pública que el presidente Calderón no sabía nada de los acuerdos que firmaron con priístas , afirmación que para la mayoría de los mexicanos resulta inverosímil , por decir lo menos .
Calderón apuesta por el enfrentamiento con el PRI por una causa que en opinión de la mayoría de los analistas políticos , y de acuerdo con las múltiples encuestas que se han hecho sobre preferencias electorales , no tiene la mínima posibilidad de concretarse en triunfos electorales pero sí de radicalizar la polarización y el encono entre los grupos políticos locales , sobre todo porque llevan como candidatos de las alianzas PAN - PRD a priístas resentidos porque no consiguieron la candidatura en su partido .
¿ Vale la pena arriesgar tanto por tan poco ?
El mandatario no sólo aprovecha la más mínima disputa entre fracciones parlamentarias para insistir en el falso dilema entre más política o más ciudadanos , sino que es él mismo el que se encarga de desacreditar el debate político provocando enfrentamientos inútiles .
Le guste o no al Presidente Calderón tendrá que convivir con la mayoría priísta en la Cámara de Diputados por los próximos dos años .
¿ Por qué cancelar las posibilidades de aprobación de su propuesta de reforma política ?
¿ Por qué comprometer así los presupuestos del 2011 y 2012 ( la llamada cámara baja tiene un papel preponderante en la aprobación de los mismos ) ?
¿ Por qué arriesgarse a que las voces de los priístas se sumen a las de muchos que todavía hoy siguen pensando que su elección fue un fraude y exigen , algunos desde la tribuna del Congreso , que renuncie a su cargo ?
Sin duda las circunstancias económicas y el narcotráfico han complicado mucho su administración , y nadie niega que muchas de las reglas de la convivencia política que sirvieron en otros tiempos han quedado rebasadas por las circunstancias políticas actuales , pero lo que no se entiende es que quien debería trabajar para atemperar las dificultades parece ser quien las agrava con dichos , hechos y actitudes .
El clima nacional no está como para hacer experimentos .
La violencia en las calles sigue rampante , la presencia del Ejército en las calles sigue pendiente de la aprobación de una iniciativa de Ley presentada por Calderón al Senado para tratar de regularizar su situación , la economía apenas se recupera del golpe del año pasado y el desempleo ha alcanzado cifras que hace décadas no se veían .
Ante la lista de desaguisados que se van sumando día con día al escenario político mexicano , es imposible no preguntarse si estamos ante la falta absoluta de pericia para conducir los asuntos nacionales , o si se trata de un doble juego de quien nos gobierna para cancelar toda posibilidad de una convivencia política armónica .
La pregunta queda en el aire : si en México se apuesta por que falle la política ¿qué queda ?
Published by Sierra Monica P. on March 21 , 2010 under Decor
Swarovski Voyage is an impressive light sculpture with a fluid shape , created by fuseproject in collaboration with Swarovski and Bombay Sapphire .
The sculpture measures 5 meters in length at no less than 1.3 tons and features more than 50,000 genuine Swarovski crystals .
Inside it has an advanced motion - sensing system with LED lights that enables a motion effect that gives the impression of flowing , of a perpetual journey .
The original Swarovski Voyage can be admired at the Terminal 4 inside the JFK international airport , while the miniature is exposed at the Museum of Art and Design in New York .
Tags : led
Rage , narcissism , self - loathing , fear – each vividly on display .
We got a clear view last night of something very basic about this moment .
The country is n’t so much facing an election as a hostage negotiation .
Trump is losing , probably not just the presidency but just as critically his immunity from the law .
Does he come out peacefully ?
Or is he one of those degenerates who kills his wife and kids on the way out ?
If he ’s going to lose he wants to burn the country down .
As my vivid and ugly analogy suggests , this is n’t strategy .
It ’s instinct .
It ’s rage .
Travelling , both in or out of the country , is an activity that is in high demand by many people from all countries in the world .
According to statistical data published by the United Nation World Tourism Organization ( UNWTO ) in 2018 regarding the trend of people across the world who did travelling outside their countries throughout [… ]
testing captions
Malcolm McLaren , best known for managing the Sex Pistols and for helping kick off the ' 70s punk revolution , has died , CNN has confirmed .
He was 64 .
McLaren 's death was confirmed by his longtime girlfriend , Young Kim .
The rakish McLaren was an art college graduate and clothing designer who opened a boutique , Let It Rock , with his partner , the designer Vivienne Westwood .
By the mid-'70s , he had renamed the boutique Sex and taken on a band called the Strand .
McLaren drafted a new frontman - John Lydon , who had been spotted wearing a Pink Floyd T - shirt with the words " I hate " added to it - and renamed the group the Sex Pistols .
( Lydon became better known as Johnny Rotten . )
McLaren 's penchant for notoriety , combined with the Pistols ' blunt lyrics ( " I am the anti-Christ / I am an anarchist " ) and raucous power chords and performances , helped the group hit the top in Britain in 1977 .
They were n't the only punk rockers - a number of acts had been inspired by a Ramones performance on July 4 , 1976 , at London 's Roundhouse - but they quickly became the most infamous .
The group 's " God Save the Queen " was a huge hit despite the BBC 's refusal to play the song .
The group crumbled amid arguments and accusations - some aimed at McLaren - and McLaren went on to manage Bow Wow Wow .
He also created a handful of well - reviewed albums , notably the mixed - genre works " Duck Rock " and " Fans . "
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said Tuesday that the scene at President Obama ’s State of the Union address was “ very troubling ” and that the speech had “ degenerated to a political pep rally . ”
In his speech , the president chided the Supreme Court , with the justices seated before him , for its decision on a campaign finance case .
Responding to a University of Alabama law student ’s question , Chief Justice Roberts said that anyone was free to criticize the court , but that “ the image of having the members of one branch of government standing up , literally surrounding the Supreme Court , cheering and hollering while the court — according the requirements of protocol — has to sit there expressionless , I think is very troubling . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Panic was sparked in Georgia after a TV station broadcast news that Russian tanks had invaded the capital and the country 's president was dead .
The Imedi network report , which brought back memories of the 2008 war between Russia and Georgia , was false .
But mobile phone networks were overwhelmed with calls and many people rushed onto the streets .
Imedi said the aim had been to show how events might unfold if the president were killed .
It later apologised .
The head of the holding company which owns Imedi TV , George Arveladze , said he was sorry for the distress that the TV report had caused .
' Disgusting '
For a brief moment on Saturday evening many Georgians thought history was repeating itself , the BBC's Tom Esslemont in Tbilisi says .
MEDIA HOAXES 1926 - mass anxiety after a BBC report of a murderous riot in London .
It was a spoof by a literary priest 1938 - thousands flee after a CBS Radio report on Martians landing in New Jersey .
It was a radio version of HG Wells War of the Worlds 1994 - panic in Taiyuan , China , after a TV report of a deadly creature on the loose .
It was a commercial for a new brand of liquor
It is only 18 months since Russian tanks came within 45 km ( 28 miles ) of the Georgian capital , our correspondent adds .
In its news report , pro-government Imedi TV showed archive footage of the war and imagined how opposition figures might seize power after an assassination of the country 's President , Mikheil Saakashvili .
Although the broadcast was introduced as a simulation of possible events , the warning was lost on many Georgians , our correspondent says .
One local news agency reported that emergency services had received an unusually high volume of calls in the ensuing minutes .
And once calm returned , the report was seen by some as a poorly disguised swipe at the Georgian opposition politicians who recently travelled to Moscow to meet Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
Mr Arveladze told Reuters that the aim was to show " the real threat " of how events might unfold .
That did not stop dozens of journalists and angry Georgians who gathered outside the Imedi TV studios to protest .
One opposition politician who was there labelled the report " disgusting " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Atomic Lobster Tattoo is a custom tattoo studio in Dublin , PA just outside of Doylestown .
We invite you stop in and check out our friendly , clean , and welcoming environment to discuss your next tattoo .
We have several skilled tattoo artists specializing in all styles of tattooing .
Come by our studio for a free consultation and to meet the artists .
Supporters of the new law have argued that states will benefit from efforts to slow health care inflation and billions of dollars in new federal spending on subsidies for the uninsured and on an array of programs like community health centers .
But even with more federal help , the challenge for states like Alabama , Arkansas and Texas that now offer only limited Medicaid coverage will be substantial .
In these states , Medicaid has been mostly restricted to low - income families with children , pregnant women , certain people with disabilities and some elderly .
The income cutoffs have also been extremely low .
Beginning in 2014 , however , anyone with an income of up to 133 percent of the federal poverty level , or $ 29,300 for families of four , will be eligible for coverage under Medicaid .
For the first three years , the federal government will pick up the entire cost of these new enrollees , but the state share then gradually increases until it reaches 10 percent in 2020 .
Texas , which has some of the most restrictive Medicaid eligibility rules in the country for adults , currently covers working parents only if they do not earn more than roughly 20 percent of the federal poverty level .
The program does not cover childless adults .
Anne Dunkelberg , associate director of the Center for Public Policy Priorities , a research group in Austin that strongly supported the health care law , estimated that if the legislation went into effect today , an additional one million adults would qualify for Medicaid , at a cost of $ 370 million a year if Texas were to pay its full 10 percent share .
In addition , Ms. Dunkelberg said , many children who are currently eligible but are not enrolled in Medicaid and the state Children ’s Health Insurance Program will emerge and want to join , potentially costing the state several hundred million dollars .
Some states , like Arizona , face an immediate fiscal conundrum because of stipulations in the law that prohibit them from rolling back their existing Medicaid programs before the required expansion takes effect .
* CEO known for putting Social Security number in ads
* FTC says ads were deceptive , overstated protections
* CEO says new ads better clarify LifeLock services
( Adds CEO interview , case number , byline )
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK , March 9 ( Reuters ) - LifeLock
Inc , which promises to protect consumers from identity theft , agreed to pay $ 12 million to settle claims by the Federal Trade Commission and 35 U.S. states that it overstated the value of its service .
The FTC said on Tuesday the settlement bars LifeLock and its principals from making “ deceptive claims ” and requires the Tempe , Arizona - based company to take “ more stringent measures ” to safeguard the personal information of customers .
The FTC said LifeLock has advertised since 2006 that it could stop identity theft for consumers who buy its $ 10 per month service .
But it said the company ’s fraud alerts did not protect customers from misuse of existing accounts , the most common form of the crime .
Todd Davis , LifeLock ’s chief executive , has been known for putting his Social Security number in ads to show confidence in his service .
Such numbers are normally coveted by thieves who use them to illegally obtain loans or make purchases .
“ While LifeLock promised consumers complete protection against all types of identity theft , in truth , the protection it actually provided left enough holes that you could drive a truck through , ” FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz said in a statement .
Under the settlement , LifeLock cannot misrepresent that its service provides “ complete protection against all forms of identity theft by making customers ’ personal information useless to identity thieves . ”
In an interview , Davis said “ we do n’t agree with the FTC ’s interpretation ” of the ads , saying LifeLock and the FTC “ had differing views about how the company in the past should have sounded the alarm about the rapid increase in identity theft . ”
He said LifeLock began a new ad campaign nearly a year ago that “ clarifies better what our service provides and what consumers should expect ” and that many parts of the FTC action “ no longer reflect our current practices . ”
Davis said he was happy to resolve the matter .
According to Javelin Strategy & Research , 11.1 million Americans were victims of identity fraud in 2009 , up 12 percent from a year earlier .
The total fraud amount rose more than 12 percent to $ 54 billion , it said .
The FTC said $ 11 million of the settlement will be used for customer refunds .
The rest will go to the office of Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan for distribution to the states .
Alaska , Arizona , California , Delaware , Florida , Hawaii , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , Mississippi , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Mexico , New York , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Vermont , Virginia , Washington and West Virginia participated in the settlement , the FTC said .
Davis said he no longer puts his Social Security number in LifeLock ads .
He said the number was breached once , when it was used in 2007 to obtain a $ 500 payday loan .
LifeLock has more than 1.5 million customers , he said .
The case is FTC v. LifeLock Inc , U.S. District Court , District of Arizona , No. 10-00530 .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel ; editing by Andre Grenon )
Google has just performed its fourth acquisition in less than four weeks , this time buying a San- Francisco based company called DocVerse .
Interestingly enough , DocVerse is a product used with Microsoft Office ; you know – Word , Excel , PowerPoint and the rest of them .
DocVerse is both unique and valuable to Google in that it allows web - based collaboration of Office documents over the web .
Most of us are familiar with Google Docs which has a Googly alternative to all of Microsoft ’s Desktop products .
Surely Google will leverage DocVerse to recruit more Google Doc users … but a more interesting element to me are Chrome and Android .
The upcoming Chrome Netbooks / Tablets have been criticized a bit for being TOO cloudy .
I ’m guessing there are users out there who would n’t want to use Google Docs and want to stick with their typical Office product – my guess is now they ’ll be able to .
Take that a step further – since Google is bringing much of the web to our mobile devices , could they be planning an Android application that allows us to edit our Office Documents on the go and for free ?
Currently DocVerse is just a plugin for Microsoft Office so you WOULD need a license to use it in that manner .
Perhaps they ’ll take DocVerse knowledge and incorporate Google Wave with Google Docs so they can create an unparalled collaboration tool ?
I ’m really looking forward to seeing where Google takes this but all - in - all seems like another great move by the GOOG .
[ Via Reuters ]
I 've been waiting and waiting for the top to be restocked in my size , I have consistently bothered the support chat about when they would have this item in stock but they 've finally delivered !
I did n't recently purchase the set ( shirt / top , backpack and hat ) recently but I forgot to make this review , ( originally purchased on November 19 , 2019 ) .
The top is amazing , correct colours and the fabric is really nice .
The likelihood is that I 'll buy another top for leisure and another to wear for streams / cons .
Having this item shipped to the UK is nightmare ( I 'm looking at Royal Mail ) but it 's well worth it !
Ness is my fav character in Smash ; now I can spam PK Fire in style !
The body has a lot of change to go through on the path to post - humanity .
There is a lot of room for improvement and enhancement .
Even with all of these cool improvements and enhancements though , my cynical side emerges .
While these would be great , are we giving ourselves too much credit that the choices we will make on the route to post - humanity will be practical ?
Is n’t society a little more vain that that ?
Seriously ?
The desire for youth and beauty is by no means a new phenomenon .
However , I was caught off guard , just a bit when I was forwarded a video of an interview with Tom Ford , the fashion designer and director of the film A Single Man .
In the video
Tom talks about women being posthuman and makes some good points in the interview all of which tied in to a paper I wrote on cosmetic surgery awhile back .
He mentions that breasts today do not bear any resemblance to what actual breasts look like .
He is right , they try to look natural , but the key word is “ try ” .
Several points that his statement make me think of is , if they are unnatural looking why do we want them to look natural ?
As a woman who has a genetic predisposition on the higher end of the size curve , I do not understand .
The unnatural version of natural looks nothing like my own natural ones , even if we are the same cup size .
I have friends who fall in to the same category that I do and talked to them about it and they agree .
There is a level of insecurity , but it is not insecurity about size , but about gravity .
The posthuman breasts go against the body ’s natural inclination to succumb to gravitational pull , if you will .
My friends and I however cannot pay to fight gravity ; we are left to lesser forms of posthuman enhancements such as the push - up bra .
This leads to my second point about Tom ’s statement : actual breasts .
Is the desirable path one where breasts do not bear any resemblance to natural breasts ?
Form over function .
Breasts work , but do we still need them to work in the same way ?
We have formula now , that while it can in no way match breast milk , it does work and many women use it .
It is an alternative .
Before you send me any hate comments , I breastfed all three of my children , not for a year , but I did .
I did eventually switch over to formula .
Regardless , if we want surreally attractive breasts , does the functionality need to remain the same or will sex and sexual appeal transition to be the exclusive function .
As adults , we can talk and think about these types of questions and issues , but what about the young girls .
Tom Ford makes another point in the video that girls are seeing the adults with their unnatural breasts and think that they need to get their breasts done .
He goes on to mention that we have lost touch with what a real breast actually looks like .
Again , as adults that is one thing , as a young girl it ’s another .
In the adoption of the posthuman form are we taking critical examination of what images and ideas we are passing on to the next generation .
Further examination though should include the messages conveyed and the impact of these messages on young girls .
When thinking about the posthuman woman , the girls of today , how will their lives change by the choices made today .
They could very possibly choose to go against the grain of the constructions of beautiful breasts and choose the au natural route .
Insecurity about breast size is a facet of growing up that girls deal with .
Plastic surgery enables them to address these insecurities , but what do they gain and what does it solve ?
Large unnatural breasts are not something a mother can pass on to her daughters naturally , it will require , at this point in time , a monetary investment of perpetuation within culture .
Tom points out that we are becoming our own art by manipulating our bodies and creating them the way we want them to look .
He also says that it desexualizes , comparing these beautiful bodies to cars .
Since they are so glossy , polished and an idealized form of perfection , they are too scary and not human .
I would love to hear the answers to the questions he poses about after these surgeries of breast enhancement does it help ones sex life ?
Or is it intimidating ?
A body in its artistic form is admirable at a distance without touching .
Not like a ball of clay where you want to get your hands dirty and really play with it intensely
Last night , as I was thinking about what I was going to say in the piece I turned on VH1 , yes , I think it is a valuable source for pop culture insight .
It did not fail me .
The show that I turned on was “ VH1 News Presents : Plastic Surgery Obsession ” .
It fit in perfectly with what I was thinking and wanted to say , without the reference to post - humanism .
The show is about the rise in popularity of plastic surgery , in and now out of Hollywood .
The show supports both the new ideals of women ’s bodies and that the younger generation is picking up these ideals .
The fact that VH1 aired the show , despite a voyeuristic appeal that shows like this have , says something about what we want to see on TV .
Finally , at the end of the episode the show touched on males and cosmetic surgery .
Tom Ford did not talk about the men being posthuman in his interview , or at least the clip I heard , but VH1 talked about how tricky it was for men to undergo plastic surgery and come out of it looking “ natural ” .
Does this mean that with women getting around 98 % of the plastic surgeries they are more willing to transition to a posthuman form or is it just easier for them ?
What does this mean and how does this reflect on men ?
Are men going to , can they follow the same path as women ?
These are interesting questions to think about in addition to the critical examinations of the decisions of women .
I look forward to hearing and thoughts .
The nervous system has 10,000 different types of neuron ( Image : Jean Livet )
YOU were born with all the brain cells you ’ll ever have , so the saying goes .
So much for sayings .
In the 1990s , decades of dogma were overturned by the discovery that mammals , including people , make new neurons throughout their lives .
In humans , such “ neurogenesis ” has been seen in two places : neurons formed in the olfactory bulb seem to be involved in learning new smells , while those born in the hippocampus are involved in learning and memory .
The discovery that new neurons can integrate into the adult brain raises intriguing possibilities .
Could the process be harnessed to treat diseases of the brain , such as Parkinson ’s and Huntington’s ?
The trick will be in replacing diseased cells with just the right kind of neuron , says Jeffrey Macklis , who studies cortical development and neurogenesis at Harvard University .
By some estimates , the nervous system is made up of 10,000 different kinds of neuron .
This complexity means you ca n’t just hijack any old cell produced by natural neurogenesis .
However , there may be other ways of growing new neurons to order .
Olle Lindvall at Lund University in Sweden has shown what might be possible .
He transplanted dopamine - producing neurons taken from aborted fetuses into the brains of people with Parkinson ’s , and showed the new neurons can improve brain function , although the treatment did n’t work for everyone .
Lindvall is now looking for ways to make these specialised neurons from embryonic stem cells or stem cells made by reprogramming adult skin cells .
Even outside the two well - known neurogenic parts of the brain , there are small numbers …
He tried to save a life , and paid with his own .
A hardworking father of two , who was about to get engaged to his girlfriend , was stabbed to death trying to rescue a young family friend from a pack of bloodthirsty teenage thugs on a Bronx street , cops said .
“ For saving his life , we ’re going to take yours now , ” one of the attackers allegedly told Orlando Salgado , 26 , before coldly plunging a knife into the good Samaritan ’s chest , said his heartbroken girlfriend , Reinalice Roman .
The unidentified 16 - year - old boy was standing on East 197th Street near Webster Avenue at 10:30 p.m.
Friday when he was confronted by a group of thugs that he fought with earlier in the day , cops said .
Salgado — a neighbor and friend of the boy ’s mother — was on his way to get something to eat when he came upon the confrontation .
He stepped into the melee to protect the boy and was stabbed twice in the chest as one of the attackers allegedly made the grim promise to kill him for intervening , cops and Roman said .
The construction worker was taken to St. Barnabas Hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
The boy he gave his life for was uninjured .
“ He was just looking after that kid , and they had to take his life , all for nothing , ” said Roman , the mother of Salgado ’s 6 - month - old daughter , Skylynn .
The slain man also has a 6 - year - old daughter from a previous relationship .
“ I saw a group of kids running , ” Roman recalled of the night of the murder .
“ And then a few minutes later , I saw a kid coming running and screaming , ‘ Orlando ! Orlando !
Somebody stabbed Orlando . ”
Roman ran around the corner and saw her boyfriend of two years lying on the ground bleeding .
“ I just held his hand and covered his wound .
I just tried to stop the blood , ” she said .
Roman discovered yesterday that Salgado was saving to buy her an engagement ring .
“ Now it ’s all gone .
My daughter will ask me where her dad is at , and what will I tell her ? ” she asked .
The 16 - year - old ’s mother — who would n’t give her name because she fears retaliation — said she will be forever grateful to Salgado .
“ All my life , I do n’t know how to pay him back .
He was a hardworking man .
He was like my brother .
He did n’t need to die like that , ” she said .
She begged for the police to find the attackers and bring them to justice .
“ I want them to pay for what they did , ” she said .
Greg Staff , Salgado ’s boss , said of the hardhat : “ Whether it was pushing a broom or putting up walls , he took the same pride in everything . ”
Ease of Use
The IVT implements all functionality within a clean object - oriented architecture with no dependencies .
Its intuitive API makes the IVT easy - to - use and easy - to - understand .
The source code is not only efficient but also features a good readability , which makes the IVT also a valuable source for educational purposes .
Compatibility and Portability
The IVT offers a clean camera interface , with many ready - to - use camera modules implementing this interface ( PointGrey Dragonfly / BumbleBee , Videre , other DCAM compatible IEEE1394 cameras such as the iSight , USB webcams , etc. ) for any common platform ( Windows , Linux , Mac OS X ) .
Furthermore , a fully integrated general camera model allows the development of computer vision applications independently from the imaging device .
Features and Speed
The IVT offers optimized ( on C++ level ) implementations of important image processing routines , which are as fast or even faster compared to those of other currently available vision libraries ( for platform - specific optimizations see here ) .
Some features are :
Undistortion
Combined Rectification / Undistortion ( remapping and interpolation is performed only once for both )
Harris Corner Detector
SIFT Features and kd - tree feature matching
Calibration : fully integrated single and stereo camera model
Many filters , resize , Bayer2RGB , RGB2HSV , SVD , PCA , Linear Least Squares , drawing , ...
POSIT ( pose estimation on the basis of 2D - 3D point correspondences )
Core function of the ICP ( pose estimation on the basis of 3D - 3D point correspondences )
License
From version 1.3.6 on , the IVT is available under a modified BSD license ( 3 - clause BSD ) .
See here for details .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Patrick Michaels has more credibility than your average climate skeptic .
Unlike some of the kookier characters that populate the small world of climate denialists — like Lord Christopher Monckton , a sometime adviser to Margaret Thatcher who claims that “ We are a carbon - starved planet , ” or H. Leighton Steward , a retired oil executive and author of a best - selling diet book who argues that carbon dioxide is “ green ” —
Michaels is actually a bona fide climate scientist .
As such , he ’s often quoted by reporters as a reasonable expert who argues that global warming has been overhyped .
But what Michaels does n’t mention in his frequent media appearances is his history of receiving money from big polluters .
Michaels , a senior fellow at the libertarian Cato Institute , has some impressive - sounding credentials .
He has a PhD in ecological climatology and is a senior fellow in the School of Public Policy at George Mason University .
He ’s a past president of the American Association of State Climatologists and a former program chair for the Committee on Applied Climatology of the American Meteorological Society .
He regularly touts his work as a contributing author and reviewer of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports .
( Almost every climate scientist in the world has at some point contributed to or reviewed an IPCC study . )
Unlike climate skeptics who implausibly claim that there ’s no such thing as global warming , Michaels accepts that it ’s happening , but downplays the severity of the problem and the role that human activity plays in the phenomenon .
With climate science increasingly under siege , Michaels has been getting plenty of airtime lately .
Following reports of errors and sloppy research procedures with the reports produced by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , Michaels featured prominently in a CBS News report last month , claiming that there is “ no doubt the trust in the UN panel has been undermined . ”
And after hacked emails revealed that a group of climate scientists had tried to block skeptical views from academic papers and journals , Michaels appeared on CNN ’s Anderson Cooper 360 to debate Bill Nye ( the “ Science Guy ” ) .
Michaels said he was “ troubled ” that scientists at the heart of the controversy might have tried “ to hide things ” from Freedom of Information Act requests .
He was also featured prominently in a New York Times piece calling the controversy “ a mushroom cloud ” for climate science , and appeared several times in the Wall Street Journal complaining that scientists said mean things about him in the emails .
( It ’s worth emphasizing that while the incident revealed scientists behaving unprofessionally , nothing in the emails undermined the underlying science of climate change . )
But Michaels ’ credibility on climate is called into question by a trove of documents from a 2007 court case that attracted almost no scrutiny at the time .
Those documents show that Michaels has financial ties to big energy interests — ties that he ’s worked hard to keep secret .
Here ’s the back story :
Several years ago , the auto industry launched a salvo of lawsuits challenging the tougher vehicle emissions standards that had been introduced in many states .
In 2007 , Michaels was scheduled to appear as an expert witness on behalf of a challenge by Green Mountain Chrysler - Plymouth - Dodge and the Association of International Automobile Manufacturers to emissions standards in Vermont .
The auto industry ’s lawyers planned to put Michaels on the stand as an expert witness who would question the scientific finding that greenhouse gas emissions are warming the planet .
But it soon became clear that lawyers defending Vermont ’s law were going to ask Michaels about the clients of his “ advocacy science consulting firm , ” New Hope Environmental Services .
Michaels had never made a list of his clients public , and he refused to do so now , arguing that it was a confidential matter .
The judge disagreed , and ruled that Michaels ’ clients were a “ viable area of cross examination . ”
“ I understand that maybe it ’s a little embarrassing , ” said Judge William K. Sessions III .
“ [ But ] it ’s not highly confidential information . ”
In a rare move , the auto dealers pulled Michaels off their witness list .
In an affidavit [ PDF ] , Michaels stated that New Hope was his primary source of income , and being forced to reveal its clients would “ imperil my livelihood . ”
He emphasized that the “ sole reason ” he did not testify was “ concern that my trial testimony would result in the loss of confidentiality for the New Hope information . ”
The auto lawyers were “ desperate to shield who Pat Michaels makes his money from , ” David Bookbinder , chief climate counsel for the Sierra Club and one of the lawyers for the state in the case .
“ It ’s beyond unrealistic , ” said Bookbinder .
“ It ’s like saying in a speeding case that you ’re not able to ask about how fast someone was going . ”
As it turned out , Michaels ’ attempt to keep his client list secret was n’t entirely successful .
The court documents reveal that lawyers for the defense saw records revealing that Michaels had received money from at least one very large energy company .
In addition , Greenpeace recently obtained an older copy of Michaels ’ curriculum vitae via a Freedom of Information Act request that shows that the Western Fuels Association , a coal and fuel - transportation business group , gave him a $ 63,000 grant in the early 1990s for “ research on global climatic change . ”
He also received $ 25,000 from the Edison Electric Institute , an association of electric utilities , from 1992 - 95 for “ literature review of climate change and updates . ”
And a 2006 leaked industry memo revealed that he received $ 100,000 in funding from the Intermountain Rural Electric Association to fund climate denial campaigning around the time of the release of An Inconvenient Truth .
Reporter Ross Gelbspan wrote in his 1998 book The Heat is On , one of the earliest works documenting industry funding for climate change skepticism , that Michaels also received $ 49,000 came from the German Coal Mining Association and $ 40,000 from the western mining company Cyprus Minerals .
In the Vermont case , the auto dealers eventually replaced Michaels with John Christy , an atmospheric scientist at the University of Alabama in Huntsville who believes that concerns about global warming might be overstated .
However , Christy proved to be a far less agressive defender of that view than Michaels .
According to court transcripts , Christy eventually admitted on the stand , “ The increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is real .
It is due primarily to the burning of fossil fuels . ”
Vermont went on to win the case and eventually the Environmental Protection Agency not only granted states the right to set those higher emissions standards but adopted the stricter rules nationwide .
Michaels is still frequently called on as an expert source by mainstream media outlets .
Even as he ’s bashed the IPCC for its lack of transparency , he refuses to come clean about the sources of his funding .
It turns out the climate skeptics ’ most credible expert is n’t so credible after all .
Can the bacteria in our bodies control our behavior in the same way a puppetmaster pulls the strings of a marionette ?
I tremble to report that this wonderfully creepy possibility may be true .
The human body is , to some extent , just a luxury cruise liner for microbes .
They board the SS Homo sapiens when we 're born and settle into their assigned quarters -- the skin , the tongue , the nostrils , the throat , the stomach , the genitals , the gut -- and then we carry them wherever we go .
Some of microbes deboard when we shed our skin or use the restroom ; others board at new ports when we shake someone 's hand or down a spoonful of yogurt .
Just as on a luxury cruise liner , our passengers eat well .
They feed on the food we eat , or on the compounds we produce .
While the biggest luxury lines may be able to carry a few thousand people , we can handle many more passengers .
Although the total mass of our microbes is just a few pounds , the tiny size of their cells means that we each carry about 100 trillion microbes -- outnumbering our own cells by more than ten to one .
It 's important to bear in mind that you can carry this galaxy of microbes around and enjoy perfect health .
These microbes , for reasons that are not entirely clear , behave like well - mannered passengers .
They do not barge into the kitchen , take a cleaver to the cooks , and then eat all the food .
Aboard the SS Homo sapiens , the crew includes a huge staff of security guards armed with lethal chemical sprays and other deadly weapons , ready to kill any dangerous stowaway ( also known as the immune system ) .
For some reason , the immune system does not unleash its deadly fury on the microbes -- even when the microbes are fairly close relatives to truly dangerous pathogens .
In fact , our microbial passengers may actually help out the cruise liner 's crew .
They can close up the ecological space in our bodies , so that invading pathogens can't get a solid foothold .
Some species in our guts can break down our food in ways that we can't , and synthesize certain vitamins and other compounds beyond our biochemistry .
The genes that the microbes carry -- millions of them -- expand our biochemical powers enormously .
To understand the human microbiome better , scientists have been cataloging the microbes in and on people 's bodies , and they 've been sequencing their DNA .
( Listen to my recent podcast with biologist Rob Knight for more . )
Yesterday , Nature published a head - spinningly huge study on the microbiome from a team of European and Chinese researchers .
Lurking in the stool of 124 volunteers , the scientists found , were 3.3 million microbial genes .
The scientists identified a core of bacteria species carried in most people 's guts , as well as other species that varied from person to person .
As Ed Yong rightly points out , this study is most impressive as a titanic database .
It is not the Theory of Everything for the human microbiome .
That will take a lot longer to build , because the microbial ecosystem inside of us is so complex .
Individual species do n't just sit in isolation , surviving in their own special way .
Microbes cooperate with one another to get the food they need and produce the conditions in which they can thrive .
In Microcosm , for example , I write about research suggesting that E. coli-- a minor member of the gut ecosystem -- may keep oxygen levels low enough for other species to invade and dominate .
And it 's not as if there is some Platonic ideal of a microbiome that we all carry around with us from birth to death .
The diversity of microbes I carry is different from the one you carry , and they both change over our lifetimes .
Every time we take a dose of antibiotics , for example , the balance can change dramatically .
And as the diversity of microbes changes , so do its ecological functions .
Which brings me , at last , to the possibility that the human microbiome can become our puppetmaster .
First some background .
A lot of parasites have evolved the ability to manipulate their hosts for their own benefit .
( I get into more detail about this in my book Parasite Rex and in this segment of the show Radio Lab . )
Very often , the parasites cause hosts to do things that help the parasites , instead of themselves .
For example , a protozoan called Toxoplasma needs to get from rats to cats , and to help the process along , it makes rats lose their fear of cats .
Parasites can also change the diet of their host as well as the way in which their hosts digest their food .
Parasitic wasps living inside caterpillars , for example , cause catepillars to convert the plants they eat into compounds that supply quick energy ( good for wasp larvae growing quickly ) instead of storing them as fat for their own metamorphosis .
I was reminded of this sinister manipulation by a paper that was published in Science today by Rob Knight and his colleagues .
They built on previous research that revealed that mice genetically engineered to be obese have different kinds of microbial diversity in their guts than normal mice .
Scientists have found that if they transfer microbes from an obese mouse to a regular mouse that has had all its own germs stripped out , the recipient mouse will develop extra fat .
In the case of these obese mice , it appears that the microbes become less efficient at helping the animals digest food , triggering a series of changes that leads the mice to be fat .
Knight and his colleagues discovered a different -- and more disturbing -- way that microbes can make mice fat .
They started out by engineering mice so that they did n't produce a protein normally found on the surface of gut cells , called TLR5 .
TLR5 can recognize bacteria , and some studies suggest that the cells can then pass along signals to the immune system , possibly sending a stand - down command so that the immune system does n't start trying to kill the microbes ( and end up killing gut cells too ) .
Born without TLR5 , mice got 20 % fatter than normal .
Not only that , but the mice had lots of other familiar symptoms that go along with being overweight , such as high levels of triglyceride , cholesterol , and blood pressure .
Without TLR5 exerting its soothing influence , the mice suffered from chronic inflammation , probably thanks to the low - level war they were waging on their microbes .
And things got worse for the mutant mice when they had to eat a high - fat diet .
They gained more weight on a high - fat diet than regular mice , suffered even more inflammation , and even ended up diabetic .
The obesity of these TLR5 - deficient mice was not the result of inefficiency , as in previous studies .
Instead , the mice wanted to eat more -- about 10 percent more than regular mice .
Knight and his colleagues restricted the diet of the mutant to what the regular mice ate .
A lot of their symptoms went away .
So the change in their behavior was critical to their weight change .
The scientists also discovered that the make - up of the microbial diversity changed significantly in the mutant mice .
Were the microbes giving the mice their symptoms ?
To find out , Knight and his colleagues knocked out the microbes with antibiotics .
The mice ate less , put on less fat , and showed less diabetes - like symptoms .
To isolate the effects of the microbes even more , the scientists transferred them from mutant mice into the bodies of ordinary mice that had first had all their own germs stripped out .
Remember -- these mice have a normal set of TLR5 receptors .
The scientists found that the microbes made the recipient mice hungry -- and also made them obese , insulin resistant , and so on .
So here we are .
Mice with a genetic make - up that alters the diversity of their gut microbes get hungry , and that hunger makes them eat more .
They get obese and suffer lots of other symptoms .
Get rid of that particular set of microbes , and the mice lose their hunger and start to recover .
And that distinctive diversity of microbes can , on its own , make genetically normal mice hungry -- and thus obese , diabetic , and so on .
When I first learned of this work , I asked Knight -- with a mix of dread and delight -- whether the microbes were manipulating their hosts , driving them to change their diet for the benefit of the microbes .
He said he thinks the answer is yes .
This discovery does n't just have the potential to change the way we think about why we eat what we eat .
( Am I really hungry ?
Or are my microbes making me hungry ? )
It also provides a new target in the fight against obesity , diabetes , and related disorders .
What may be called for is some ecological engineering .
[ Update : Links to papers fixed . ]
Pascal Guyot / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Malcolm McLaren , the impresario , promoter and self - promoter who once claimed to have invented punk rock , and who assembled and managed the youthful , unruly members of the Sex Pistols , the breakthrough British punk band , has died .
He was 64 .
His companion of many years , Young Kim , confirmed that Mr. McLaren died on Thursday , and said he died of mesothelioma at a hospital in Switzerland .
In the 1970s , Mr. McLaren returned to his native London from New York , where he had briefly managed the New York Dolls in the waning days of that band ’s initial flush of fame .
With his business partner and girlfriend at the time , Vivienne Westwood , they renamed their clothing shop Sex , and Mr. McLaren set about putting together his own rock act of untested British youth , which became the Sex Pistols .
The band was fronted by John Lydon , whose repugnant appearance and Irish background inclined Mr. McLaren ( as he stated in the documentary “ The Great Rock ‘ n ’ Roll Swindle ” ) to saddle him with the pejorative stage name Johnny Rotten .
With Steve Jones ( guitar ) , Paul Cook ( drums ) and Sid Vicious ( a bassist who replaced an original member , Glen Matlock ) , the Sex Pistols terrified traditional music sensibilities with songs like “ Anarchy in the U.K. ” and “ God Save the Queen . ”
It also fueled Mr. McLaren ’s flair for over - the - top spectacle : he arranged for the band to sign its contract with A&M Records outside Buckingham Palace , and organized a private boat performance of their “ God Save the Queen ” on the Thames that was quickly shut down by the police , cementing the group ’s rebellious reputation .
As a solo artist , Mr. McLaren released genre - defying albums like “ Duck Rock ” in 1983 and “ Waltz Darling ” in 1989 , and remained a perennial presence in the worlds of art and fashion .
A full obituary can be found here .
One of the most “ agonizing ” chores for a Shiba inu puppy owner is Dog Bath Time .
Let ’s face it ; most dogs do n’t really enjoy getting wet .
So , how can you give your dog a bath without making him mad at you ?
Fun Fact :
Do you know that dogs often prefer showers to baths ?
That ’s because they can get sprinkled rather than immersed .
5 Quick Tips to help you get a better result in Dog Bath Time .
Tip One : Encourage your dog to swim .
If you ’re a swimming pool or you can take your dog to the beach ( not the best option for young dogs ) , encourage him to get into the water .
You could toss in his favorite toy to coax him to swim .
Once he gets over the fear , he will enjoy being wet .
Then , the bath will not be so challenging .
Of course , you should never “ throw ” your dog into the water and should never be forced into any of these situations .
Tip Two : Action begins in the bathtub .
Start with just a few inches of water in the bathtub .
Remember the level of water does n’t go beyond his chest or he may be too afraid to get in especially the tub is slippery and may not get a secure footing .
It would be wiser to have a rubber mat line at the bottom of the tub to give him a sense of security ; otherwise , a bath towel will do just fine too .
Tip Three : Your behavior matters .
If you are trying to give your dog a bath and he is fighting with you and if you begin to ruffle and fight with him , he is not going to cooperate with you at all .
Instead , talk soothingly and calmly to your pet .
Encourage him to relax by say reassuring things like “ good boy ” , “ clever girl ” and “ good job ” as these will show him that he is not being harmed as well as that he is behaving right .
Once you begin to settle your dog through soothing language , he is likely to stay and relax while you begin to lather him with dog shampoo .
Tip Four : Make it fun .
Once he begins enjoys the comfortable surrounding water , you may want to increase the water level to a few more inches .
Take a floating toy and push it to the bottom .
Hold it there for a few seconds then release your hand .
Your dog will be very excited to see the instant appearance of his favorite toy .
Now do it again , but hold it much longer .
He may duck his head into the water to retrieve it .
If not , do n’t despair .
Not all dogs are born retrievers .
Just do n’t give up , he will soon learn to fun in water after a few more tries .
Tip Five : Make it relaxing .
Your dog bath time should be comfortable , if not fun for him .
Be gentle to scrub his coat and slowly work your way to his skin .
Give him the best massage that you can offer .
Gently wash his coat down to the skin and rinse him off .
It ’s not possible to keep the water out of his eyes , but what you could avoid is to flash water ( either through showerhead or water bucket ) directly onto his face and eyes .
Instead , you could rinse from the head down as you work the lather off his muzzle , jaws , and ears .
Dogs enjoy being massaged and petted so make those hard - to - get - by areas pleasurable .
This is what it will feel like in a proper bath .
What ’s the Best Way to get Young Puppy to Enjoy his Bathing Routine ?
In any event , should you found yourself with a very young puppy ( under 8 weeks ) by unforeseen situations ; then the above dog bathing tips are not advisable , to begin with .
The golden tip I ’d advise for novice dog owners is to get the puppy to enjoy his bath time is sponge bath using no lather dog shampoo .
Your primary goal is to get him accustomed to water , so try not to fuss over the “ cleanliness ” of heavy lather from regular dog shampoo .
Make the first couple experiences as short as possible .
Ten minutes at most .
As your puppy progresses with the bathing routine , take this opportunity to play with him through massages and petting , as you work on those often neglected areas like “ armpits ” , groins , underneath and in - between paw pads .
During my early days in dog breeding , I started training my puppies for a bath when they were about a week old .
I ’d soak a cotton pad in lukewarm water , squeeze it semi- dry then gently wipe their entire bodies with it like their mother would do ( lick ) to facilitate them in their excretions .
The best method is to go in the same direction as hair growth .
This is especially so when you are working on your puppy face , in order to make it as pleasurable and soothing as possible .
Once your dog enjoys the bath time routine , he will beg you to wash him once he got himself dirty at plays .
There are some clever dogs will join in with you when you are having your shower .
Dog bath time does n’t have to be a chore .
And if you still having difficulties getting him to corporate with you then take him to the professional dog groomers .
It would be good if you stay to watch how they get your dog to listen and behave during a bath .
Bathing is a necessary thing to do to your dog , but it does n’t have to be a battle .
Democrats begin to criticize Obama on Israel
Pro-Israel Democrats have begun to criticize the Obama administration 's stern stance toward Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
Congressional Democrats , with the lone exception of Nevada 's Shelley Berkley , held their tongues over the weekend , out of their sympathy with the White House 's outrage , their dislike for the conservative Israeli leader , and their desire to allow the administration to manage the crisis .
But as the stalemate continues -- envoy George Mitchell just canceled his trip to Israel -- Democratic critics have begun to question the White House 's public pressure on Netanyahu to reverse plans for controversial new housing and make other , unspecified concessions .
The pro-Israel group AIPAC and others have been lobbying Congress to rein in the administration , and the Democrats join Republicans and Senator Joe Lieberman , whose intense criticism of the administration 's Mideast policy has been a constant .
Pennsylvania Rep. Christopher Carney , a Democrat , and Illinois Republican Rep. Mark Kirk are sending a letter this morning to President Obama asking the administration to climb down .
" We urge your Administration to refrain from further public criticism of Israel and to focus on more pressing issues affecting this vital relationship , such as signing and enforcing the Iran Refined Petroleum Sanctions
Act when it comes to your desk , " they write .
New York 's intensely pro-Israel delegation has also begun to criticize the White House openly , if in measured tones .
" We should not have a disproportionate response to Israel .
We need to be careful and measured in our response , and I think we all have to take a step back , " Rep. Eliot Engel said on the floor of Congress yesterday .
" While the timing of the East Jerusalem housing announcement was regrettable , it must not cloud the most critical foreign policy issue facing both counties —
Irans nuclear threat , " said Senator Kirsten Gillibrand .
" The Administration , to the extent that it has disagreements with Israel on policy matters , should find way to do so in private and do what they can to defuse this situation , " said Rep. Steve Israel .
Jewish groups , including the American Jewish Committee and Anti-Defamation League , have also criticized the White House , and while the Congressional criticism remains measured , it appears to be growing louder .
Experienced Car Accident Attorneys for the people of Austin , Tyler , and the State of Texas
This is an incredibly painful and demanding time for you .
Coping with medical bills , trying to carry on without work income , and many other challenges are overwhelming to face on your own .
You may have the right to substantial compensation , but you will need help making sound decisions and navigating the system .
Our Tyler and Austin car accident lawyers are here to explain and assert your legal rights .
We have been representing the people of Texas for over 30 years .
Our principal is in Austin , but we also have offices in San Antonio and Houston , where meetings with lawyers are by appointment only .
And we handle cases ALL OVER the State of Texas .
We will come to you and fight to protect your rights when you need it most .
A defendant is much more likely to be sentenced to death if he or she kills a " high - status " victim , according to new research by Scott Phillips , associate professor of sociology and criminology at the University of Denver ( DU ) .
According to his research published in Law and Society Review , ( 43-4:807-837 ) , the probability of being sentenced to death is much greater if a defendant kills a white or Hispanic victim who is married with a clean criminal record and a college degree , as opposed to a black or Asian victim who is single with a prior criminal record and no college degree .
Recent discussions of the death penalty tend to focus on innocence and cost .
Phillips ' research says that arbitrariness has long been a concern .
" The concept of arbitrariness suggests that the relevant legal facts of a capital case cannot fully explain the outcome : irrelevant social facts also shape the ultimate state sanction " Phillips says .
" In the capital of capital punishment , death is more apt to be sought and imposed on behalf of high status victims .
Some victims matter more than others . "
Phillips research is based on 504 death penalty cases that occurred in Harris County , Texas between 1992 and 1999 .
Drawing on the same data , Phillips 's previous research demonstrated that black defendants were more likely to be sentenced to death than white defendants in Houston .
The racial disparities revealed in the prior paper become even more acute after accounting for victim social status - black defendants were more apt to be sentenced to death despite being less apt to kill high status victims .
The combined results of the two papers call into question the meaning of justice .
" Should justice be defined according to the punishment a particular defendant deserves ? "
Phillips asks , " Or should justice be defined according to whether the judicial system can hand out lethal punishment in an even - handed manner ?
The question strikes at the heart of the death penalty debate . "
###
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The true site of one of the most decisive battles in English history has been revealed .
Bosworth , fought in 1485 , which saw the death of Richard III , was believed to have taken place on Ambion Hill , near Sutton Cheney in Leicestershire .
But a study of original documents and archaeological survey of the area has now pinpointed a site in fields more than a mile to the south west .
A new trail will lead from the current visitor centre to the new location .
The battle ended decades of civil war , which is now known as the Wars of the Roses .
The boar badge may indicate the site of Richard 's last stand
Snowbound fields hide battle site
The death of Richard ended the Plantagenet dynasty and ushered in the first Tudor king , Henry VII .
The traditional site has a flag at the crest of the hill , a stone to mark the spot where Richard fell and a recently renovated visitors ' centre .
A long - running debate over the true location of the battle prompted a £ 1 m , four - year project , led by the Battlefields Trust , to be set up .
Evidence such as cannon balls - now the largest collection of that date in Europe - and pieces of armour have been used to confirm the site .
Cannon balls
Of the most recent , and important finds made , was a gilded silver badge in the shape of a boar - Richard 's personal emblem .
Experts believe this would have been given to one of the doomed king 's closest companions and lost in the final stages of the battle .
Pete Riley , one of the team which surveyed the area , said : " The main part of this project was to identify where the battle was - and we have done that .
The battle ushered in the Tudor dynasty and ended a civil war " Now we have got to understand the evidence we have picked up . "
The original announcement was made in October but the exact location was kept a secret until now to protect it from treasure hunters .
Researchers also believe they have identified the medieval marsh where Richard III was dragged from his horse and killed .
Richard McKinder , operations manager for the site , said the visitors ' centre will not have to move .
" A lot of American battlefields have had to move their interpretation centres because they are actually destroying what they are trying to interpret , " he said .
" We are within walking distance of the battlefield , therefore they can use us as the main area for interpretation and then go and see the field itself . "
Leicestershire County Council is now in negotiations with a number of landowners to gain full access to the area .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Whitewash fails to mention that deal to build nuclear bomb was offered by the Bush administration ’s favorite peddler of weapons of mass destruction
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , March 10 , 2010
The Washington Post has completely whitewashed new revelations concerning how close Saddam Hussein came to obtaining a nuclear bomb by failing to mention the fact that the provider , Khan Research Laboratories , was shielded from investigation by the U.S. government for decades .
“ As troops massed on his border near the start of the Persian Gulf War , Iraqi President Saddam Hussein weighed the purchase of a $ 150 million nuclear “ package ” deal that included not only weapons designs but also production plants and foreign experts to supervise the building of a nuclear bomb , according to documents uncovered by a former U.N. weapons inspector , ” reports the Post today .
“ The offer , made in 1990 by an agent linked to disgraced Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan , guaranteed Iraq a weapons - assembly line capable of producing nuclear warheads in as little as three years . ”
However , the report completely fails to even mention the fact that Khan Research Laboratories , the source from which Saddam would have procured a nuclear bomb , was protected from investigation by the U.S. government since at least the mid-1970 ’s , as investigative journalist Greg Palast exposed in a 2001 BBC report .
In 2004 , Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan , the father of Pakistan ’s atom bomb program , admitted sharing nuclear technology via a worldwide smuggling network that included facilities in Malaysia that manufactured key parts for centrifuges .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Khan ’s collaborator B.S.A .
Tahir ran a front company out of Dubai that shipped centrifuge components to North Korea .
Despite Dutch authorities being deeply suspicious of Khan ’s activities as far back as 1975 , the CIA prevented them from arresting him on two occasions .
“ The man was followed for almost ten years and obviously he was a serious problem .
But again I was told that the secret services could handle it more effectively , ” former Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers said .
“ The Hague did not have the final say in the matter .
Washington did . ”
Lubbers stated that Khan was allowed to slip in and out of the Netherlands with the blessing of the CIA , eventually allowing him to become the “ primary salesman of an extensive international network for the proliferation of nuclear technology and know - how , ” according to George W. Bush himself , and sell nuclear secrets that allowed North Korea to build nuclear bombs .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ Lubbers suspects that Washington allowed Khan ’s activities because Pakistan was a key ally in the fight against the Soviets , ” reports CFP .
“ At the time , the US government funded and armed mujahideen such as Osama bin Laden .
They were trained by Pakistani intelligence to fight Soviet troops in Afghanistan .
Anwar Iqbal , Washington correspondent for the Pakistani newspaper Dawn , told ISN Security Watch that Lubbers ’ assertions may be correct .
“ This was part of a long - term foolish strategy .
The US knew Pakistan was developing nuclear weapons but could n’t care less because it was not going to be used against them .
It was a deterrent against India and possibly the Soviets . ”
In September 2005 it emerged that the Amsterdam court which sentenced Khan to four years imprisonment in 1983 had lost the legal files pertaining to the case .
The court ’s vice - president , Judge Anita Leeser , accused the CIA of stealing the files .
“ Something is not right , we just do n’t lose things like that , ” she told Dutch news show NOVA .
“ I find it bewildering that people lose files with a political goal , especially if it is on request of the CIA .
It is unheard of . ”
In 2005 , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf acknowledged that Khan had provided centrifuges and their designs to North Korea .
Having armed once branch of the “ axis of evil , ” it ’s no surprise that Khan was also used in an attempt to arm Saddam Hussein with nuclear weapons , opening up another perfect justification for Iraq to subsequently be invaded and occupied by U.S. forces .
Although the 2003 invasion was sold on the lie that Saddam was hiding weapons of mass destruction which proved to be non-existent , it was n’t for the want of trying , since efforts to arm Saddam with nuclear weapons via the Khan network were a mere continuation of the U.S. government ’s program to provide Saddam with chemical and biological weapons , tools used to commit atrocities that were later cited by the U.S. as one of the primary reasons for the attack .
Of course , since the Washington Post is a mouthpiece for the new world order and the Bilderberg Group that owns it , in covering the Khan - Saddam connection writer Joby Warrick knows that his bosses would n’t be pleased if he actually gave you more than half the story , which is why his article amounts to nothing more than a misleading whitewash .
This article was posted : Wednesday , March 10 , 2010 at 11:46 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The United States Department of Education 2010 National Educational Technology Plan ( pdf ) includes the following :
Open Educational Resources ( OER ) are an important element of an infrastructure for learning .
OER come in forms ranging from podcasts to digital libraries to textbooks , games , and courses .
They are freely available to anyone over the web .
Educational organizations started making selected educational materials freely available shortly after the appearance of the web in the mid-1900s .
But MIT ’s decision to launch the OpenCourseWare ( OCW ) initiative to make the core content from all its courses available online in 2000 gave the OER movement a credible start ( Smith , 2009 ) .
Other universities joined the OCW Consortium , and today there are more than 200 members , each of which has agreed to make at least 10 courses available in open form .
Many of these materials are available not just to individuals enrolled in courses , but to anyone who wants to use them .
The power of OER is demonstrated by the fact that nearly half the downloads of MIT ’s OpenCourseWare are by individual self - directed learners , not students taking courses for credit ( Maxwell , online presentation for the NETP Technical Working Group , 2009 ) .
Equally important to the OER movement was the emergence of the Creative Commons , an organization that developed a set of easy - to - use licenses whereby individuals or institutions could maintain ownership of their creative products while giving others selected rights .
These rights range from allowing use of a work in its existing form for noncommercial purposes to the right to repurpose , remix , and redistribute for any purpose .
Additional advances in our understanding of how to design good OER are coming out of the work of the Open Learning Initiative ( OLI ) at Carnegie Mellon University .
OLI has been developing state - of - the - art , high - quality online learning environments that are implemented as part of courses taught not only at Carnegie Mellon , but also at other universities and at community colleges .
The OLI learning systems are submitted to rigorous ongoing evaluation and refinement as part of each implementation .
( For more information on OLI , see the Assessment section of this plan . )
The Department of Education has a role in stimulating the development and use of OER in ways that address pressing education issues .
The federal government has proposed to invest $ 50 million per year for the next 10 years in creating an Online Skills Lab to develop exemplary next - generation instructional tools and resources for community colleges and workforce development programs .
These materials will be available for use or adaptation with the least restrictive Creative Commons license .
This work is expected to give further impetus to calls for open standards , system utilities , and competency - based assessments .
( For more information on the Online Skills Lab , see the Learning section of this plan . )
The OER movement begun in higher education should be more fully adopted throughout our K - 16 public education system .
For example , high - quality digital textbooks for standard courses such as algebra can be created by experts and funded by consortia arrangements and then made freely available as a public good .
Open textbooks could significantly reduce the cost of education in primary and secondary as well as higher education .
Textbooks constitute a significant portion of the government ’s K - 12 budget as well as the student - borne cost of higher education .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
New research has confirmed that mice have the biochemical pathways required to manufacture morphine from intermediates .
Morphine is a powerful drug usually derived from the opium poppy , but scientists have long speculated animals may be able to synthesize it , especially as they have brain receptors responding specifically to morphine .
Tetrahydropapaveroline ( THP ) and other alkaloid precursors of morphine have been discovered in brain tissue and urine , but until now animal studies were largely inconclusive because of the difficulty of excluding environmental contaminants .
The new research gives more conclusive evidence that excludes the possibility of contamination .
Researcher Dr Meinhart Zenk , from the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center in St Louis , Missouri , injected mice each day with THP and other morphine precursors and then analyzed the mouse urine samples .
The potential precursors injected into the mice were labeled with deuterium and could therefore be distinguished from any morphine contaminants found in the environment or in the food .
The alkaloids were isolated from the urine and then examined using mass spectrometry .
The analyses identified a number of intermediate steps in the biochemical pathway between THP and morphine .
One of these was a four - ringed molecule called salutaridine , a metabolite of THP found in the biochemical pathway that synthesizes morphine in the opium poppy .
When they injected salutaridine into the mice they found thebaine , a five - ringed opiate in the urine .
Injecting thebaine resulted in codeine , morphine , and a third opiate , oripavine , being identified in the urine .
Dr Zenk said the later stages of morphine production are the same in the opium poppy and mammals , but the stages preceding salutaridine differ in that the precursor has an extra hydroxyl ( OH ) group in animals .
The difference is enough to suggest the morphine pathway in mammals and plants evolved independently .
Zenk and his colleagues did not find morphine in the mouse blood or tissues , and so the research does not prove the morphine produced was used for any purpose such as pain relief , or that it was involved in an addiction .
It does not prove that humans and other mammals also possess the same biochemical pathways , but it seems likely since traces of morphine have been found previously in human urine as well as mouse urine .
The team plans to use more sensitive techniques to identify traces of morphine in tissues , and further research is needed to identify enzymes involved in the biochemical pathways .
More work also needs to be done to show whether or not the endogenous morphine exists naturally and has a significant function , although Zenk said because morphine is found “ we have to consider that there must be a function for it . ”
One of the future research projects Zenk hopes to do is to find out if people suffering from pain have raised levels of endogenous morphine .
The paper is published online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
More information : Urinary excretion of morphine and biosynthetic precursors in mice , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Published online before print April 26 , 2010 , Urinary excretion of morphine and biosynthetic precursors in mice , , Published online before print April 26 , 2010 , doi:10.1073/pnas.1003423107
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
CHAPTER 3
Do n’t sweat the small stuff .
I know this from experience and I know it will help you too because there is NO business that has survived as much foul weather as mine .
You ’re going to get through .
Keep telling yourself that , while of course Not Keeping Track of Things , and Not Caring ( Chapters 1 & 2 ) as previously mentioned .
Even if the burden on the pillars of your business is enormous , you are getting hit from all sides by bad press , complaints from customers , and even a growing sense that your product actually works counter to its intended effects ( remember the baby carriage with sharks example ) , keep telling yourself you ’re going to get through this .
Let ’s say for the sake of argument that you ’ve been accused of the most heinous crime that you can think of , and that it is the type of thing that goes against everything your business stands for .
Suppose every TV ad , every press packet , official release , and indeed your whole catalog of marketing materials state that this thing is one thing your business is NOT into and it would undermine the core privilege your business has to exist .
Have I got your attention ?
Because that is exactly the sort of bad luck this advice will get you through .
I know it because I ’ve been there .
I know it as a CEO myself , and 24 years heading my company ’s International “ Bad Luck ” Department .
Think of it as a things go wrong and we ’re the ones who are chosen to ignore it wing .
And let ’s just say I did n’t get there by not ignoring things .
I was a great ignorer before that , and afterwords I was promoted to HIIC , Head Ignorer in Charge .
It works .
I ’m not saying it makes sense .
It just works .
And even though I have a limited grasp of logic , I think that means it will work for you too .
Now , I know what you ’re saying .
What about my business ?
Will this work in _____ , or ______ ?
Fill in those blanks with your business names — seriously because I do n’t know any .
Yes it will .
I know because 1 . this is the worst possibly scenario so yours ca n’t be this bad , unless you ’re me and I do n’t think you are .
And 2 .
My business is not like your business with the benefit of revenue .
My business does n’t even make money .
Did I just shock you ?
I think I did .
That ’s right .
Your business gets to spend money .
Mine does n’t .
We do n’t have any .
Sure we have upkeep fees like tailors who know how to repair gold robes but I ’m sure you have the same things .
Ceiling polishers .
Things that keep your sovereign nation humming .
Your tax return says , I ’m just pulling this out of the air , 400 billion or something .
I do n’t know .
Add or subtract some billion to suit even the smallest business [ change to lower amount per editor ’s suggestion that some businesses do n’t make even a billion .
Wow .
Shoe shiners on the subway ?
Hobos ?
Have someone look into this . ]
Our tax return says 0 .
So do n’t write to me saying that ignoring things does n’t make them go away .
You ’re not trying hard enough .
I ’ve spoken to several other CEOs Heads of State underlings who agree with me completely .
And these are people I trust with my job .
In fact , one of them just left , agreeing with me all the way , and he saved my ass by resigning .
I am infallible it ’s true , but this guy would have told me if something was wrong .
( I do n’t know what term you use in your business : “ Intranet ” maybe .
I ’m paging through this business book and I can’t find it .
I think in politics it ’s called unimpeachability and I know some countries have that . )
At any rate , your business has your thing , we have ours .
Get your own idea that works just as well .
I know it ’s possible .
I ’ll throw out some ideas .
Ok , I ’ll throw some out in the next edition .
If you ’ve already bought the book and you want to know what the ideas are , go to the bookstore and check it out .
I ’ll try to put them on the same page .
Or grumble and make “ me wanty ” gestures towards your hand .
The book should appear .
Hey there you go !
Tell people books will appear in their hands if they ask for it , and tell them to pay you to listen to the idea over and over * .
You ’d be kind of stepping on our toes a little but just take that one for free .
I ’ve got to get this to my publisher .
* The over and over part is key , otherwise you could just print it up once and be done with it and that does n’t make good business sense . †
† Writing books is easy OMG !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
In a 1997 article for The New Yorker , Mr. McLaren recalled , “ We set out to make an environment where we could truthfully run wild . ”
On most days the shop did not open until the evening and closed within a few hours .
The goal , Mr. McLaren wrote , “ was to sell nothing at all . ”
Image From left , Johnny Rotten ( John Lydon ) , Paul Cook , Malcolm McLaren , Glen Matlock and Steve Jones all of the Sex Pistols in the EMI offices in London in 1976 .
Credit ... Bob Gruen
After the New York Dolls visited the store , renamed Too Fast to Live , Too Young to Die , Mr. McLaren followed the group to the United States and became its manager .
He dressed the band members in red clothing based on the Soviet flag , placed politically provocative slogans onstage and presided over their swift demise .
Back in London , Mr. McLaren , now at Sex , took an interest in a group called the Strand ( later the Swankers ) , three of whose members formed the nucleus of the original Sex Pistols .
The group gave its first performance at St. Martin ’s College on Nov. 6 , 1975  hostile audience reaction caused the players to leave the stage after two songs  and soon emerged as the leader of the punk scene .
Reliably or not , Mr. McLaren explained his strategy for packaging and selling the band in the 1980 film “ The Great Rock ’n ’ Roll Swindle . ”
“ Anarchy in the U.K. ” and “ God Save the Queen ” ( whose release was timed to coincide with Queen Elizabeth II ’s silver jubilee ) rose to the upper rungs of the pop charts in Britain , and the group ’s only album , “ Never Mind the Bollocks : Here ’s the Sex Pistols , ” reached No. 1 in 1977 .
On the band ’s first American tour , in January 1978 , John Lydon , the lead singer known as Johnny Rotten , walked offstage at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco , and the Sex Pistols dissolved .
Mr. McLaren briefly managed Adam and the Ants and then , with several ex-Ants , created Bow Wow Wow around a teenage Burmese singer , Annabella Lwin .
The group recorded the hits “ Go Wild in the Country ” and “ I Want Candy . ”
Through his clothing store , now called World ’s End , he sold Ant and Bow Wow Wow fashions .
Advertisements
After LL Cool J called Fox News out for trying to sell Sarah Palin ’s Real American Stories clip show as new programming , the network responded by claiming that LL does not want to inspire people and took at jab at his acting career .
LL ’s real motivation was not his concern about inspiration , but the idea that people were going to be fooling into watching a prepackaged best of show hosted by Palin .
Here is the blurb about the show on its website , “ What do we share as Americans ?
A unique history .
A love of freedom .
An understanding that together we can make a difference .
A chance to make our dreams reality .
This is a place where people – from all walks of life – can share their personal stories , and talk about what makes this country great .
Join us as we celebrate the American Spirit . ”
The network made it sound like the show was all new including the celebrity interviews , which included LL Cool J in the first episode .
The advertising was designed to lead viewers to believe that LL would be giving an interview to Palin , which as it turns out was n’t the truth .
LL did n’t appreciate being part of the misleading campaign and let the world know how he really felt about it via Twitter , “ Fox lifted an old interview I gave in 2008 to someone else & are misrepresenting to the public in order to promote Sarah Palin ’s Show .
WOW . ”
Advertisements
Fox being Fox , they did n’t apologize once they were caught , but instead they removed Cool J from the show and attacked him .
A Fox News spokesperson told TVnewser , “ Real American Stories features uplifting tales about overcoming adversity and we believe Mr. Smith ’s interview fit that criteria .
However , as it appears that Mr. Smith does not want to be associated with a program that could serve as an inspiration to others , we are cutting his interview from the special and wish him the best with his fledgling acting career . ”
Of course , the Fox News spokesperson did avoid the real issue , which is the fact that the network tried to mislead viewers into tuning in to a program that would have featured a two year old interview that Sarah Palin had nothing to do with .
Before anyone thinks that this is about partisan politics , you should know that LL Cool J is a Republican who has appeared at the Republican National Convention before .
I know that many of the Palin followers will read something racial into this because LL is black , but this has nothing to do with race , and it might come as a surprise to those on the right but skin color does not automatically make someone an Obama supporter .
LL Cool J did not want to be a part of the fraud that Fox News was carrying out .
It is n’t any kind of big shock that the network would resort to personal attacks .
This whole thing would have been avoided , if the network would have said , we do n’t trust Sarah to interview a roll of wet paper towels much less LL Cool J so we are going to have her introduce an old interview .
That would have been the honest approach and we all know that Fox News does n’t do honesty .
By Clare Murphy
Health reporter , BBC News
It is peak season for chickenpox - the highly - contagious , blistering virus which for most children is unpleasant and for a very few lethal .
A safe and effective vaccine is available - why do n't we use it ?
Chickenpox - for most mild but unpleasant
The varicella vaccine is available privately , but the UK 's immunisation body decided last year against universal vaccination of children - as carried out in many developed countries - citing cost and the fear it could increase shingles , a reactivation of the virus , in older people .
Yet while a vaccine against shingles for the elderly may now be in the offing , removing at least one of the potential hurdles , all debates about childhood vaccines still take place under the shadow of the upset over the measles , mumps and rubella jab ( MMR ) , sparked by a now discredited research paper over a decade ago .
Despite international confirmation of its safety , a small number of parents still refuse to give their child the jab - and many in the medical community believe this explains the reluctance of the authorities to introduce a brand new injection into the childhood immunisation schedule .
" This is what it 's really all about , " says Professor Adam Finn , consultant in paediatric infectious diseases at Bristol Royal Hospital for Children .
" The fact is parents who should be able to protect their child against chickenpox , an entirely preventable , unpleasant disease , are being held hostage by a small minority .
" Chickenpox is a disease which stops children going to school , means parents have to take time off work , and for children who are already sick can be very severe .
And for a small cost we could be rid of it . "
Like the wind Chickenpox is not referred to in medical literature before the 17th Century but it is thought to be an ancient condition whose name springs from the fact that the blisters resemble chick peas .
Cases of the disease are not recorded in this country , but they are thought to number about 600,000 a year , and by the age of 12 some 90 % of us will have had it .
There is speculation that it may be rising among the very young as increasing numbers attend nurseries where they are more likely to pick up infections .
When compared to what were once the other common illnesses of childhood , it is less serious than measles , for instance , but potentially more problematic than mumps .
CHICKENPOX FACTS
Caused by the varicella zoster virus Spreads through the air and direct contact with fluid from blisters Spots usually appear two - three weeks after contact Thought to number 600,000 cases per year
Once infected , may return as shingles in later life
Cardiff 's view on vaccination
In healthy children , serious complications are not common , but in rare cases it can lead to septic shock as a result of the blisters becoming infected , as well as pneumonia and encephalitis .
In those children whose immune systems are compromised - those with leukaemia , for example - chickenpox can be a real problem .
Half of these youngsters develop complications and some of those die .
Doctors can immunise as soon as a condition like leukaemia is diagnosed , but this is not risk free nor always effective .
And for pregnant mothers and their unborn babies , chickenpox can in extreme cases lead to foetal deformities - hence the warning in maternity wards for the infected to stay away .
Apart from the costs of hospitalisation , there are also the economic implications of parents taking sometimes weeks off work to care for back - to - back infections among siblings who are barred from schools and nurseries .
Germany introduced a vaccination programme against what it calls windpox , due to the speed with which it spreads , in 2004 after a study concluded that paying for vaccination out of the public pot would be more than compensated by fewer sickness payments to absent parents in the longer term .
It followed the lead of Japan and the US , which were among the first nations to introduce universal vaccination back in the 1980s and 90s .
Shingles fears
And so far , the jury is still out on whether a chickenpox vaccine would indeed increase the incidence of shingles , a reactivation of the dormant virus which can cause severe and persistent pain in adults .
Shingles can cause long - term excruciating pain in the elderly
The theory is that once a person has had chickenpox , every time they come into contact with an infected youngster their body 's defence system receives the equivalent of a booster jab , building up resistance against the disease .
If children no longer harboured the disease , a rise in shingles could in principle follow - although the data from countries where the chickenpox vaccine is established has yet to produce compelling evidence of this .
The UK's immunisation committee - the JCVI - has in any event recommended that the over - 70s be vaccinated against shingles , a programme which could come into effect by the end of the year .
This does not alleviate the reservations of Nigel Scott from the Shingles Support Society .
" In an ideal world we would vaccinate everyone over 50 against shingles and then go ahead with the childhood chickenpox vaccine , but we are not there yet .
If we live till 85 , half of us will get shingles , and for some people this can be very serious indeed - some describe the pain as absolutely unendurable .
" Let 's not forget that when parents have to take time off for their young children , increasingly adult children may have to take time off to care for sick , ageing parents . "
Pox money
As for expense , the JCVI says in the " short term " the costs would outweigh the benefits .
I do n't think we are ready for the debate yet - not until we get MMR rates back where they need to be
Dr David Elliman
RCPCH
There are also priorities .
Experts say a vaccine against another form of meningitis is likely to be given preference over chickenpox in the immediate future .
All talk of new vaccines takes place against a backdrop of MMR uptake rates which while resuming , still fall below those needed to confer immunity on the community .
The Lancet , the medical journal which published the original research linking MMR to autism in 1998 , last month published a full retraction , while the General Medical Council ruled in January that Dr Andrew Wakefield , who suggested the link , acted " dishonestly and irresponsibly " in the course of his work .
" But I do n't think we can say it 's yet consigned to history , sadly , " says Dr David Elliman , immunisation expert at the the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health ( RCPCH ) .
" The chickenpox vaccine is definitely desirable , and I think it it will happen , but unfortunately I do n't think we are ready for the debate yet - not until we get MMR rates back where they need to be .
We need to win that one first . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ’ve been following Y Combinator for several years and have a ( sometimes grudging ) admiration for them .
The “ grudging ” comes from the fact that they abandoned Boston and are now exclusively running their program in the Bay area .
Given YC ’s success , several organizations in the past have tried to replicate or improve on Y Combinator ’s revolutionary micro-funding model for startups .
Most of these have not really accomplished the objective .
The reasons for their failure have been varied , but the primary one was that unlike Y Combinator , they are n’t revolutionary .
Nobody sat down and said “ how do we really take what YC has done and turn it on it ’s head . ”
Until now .
I just read about Y Permutator .
There ’s a lot I do n’t like about YP — one of which is it seems to be backed by some old school venture capitalists .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with them , I just have a hard time believing that those that made all of their money in the 1990s and maybe even the 1980s ( gasp ! ) are really going to understand what it takes to start a new kind of investment vehicle .
But , I have to give credit where credit is due .
It ’s different .
It goes back to the basics and brings back some of the same things that made VCs so successful across the decades — but adds some new twists .
I 'm going to be particularlly interested in seeing what folks like Brad Feld , Davic Cohen , Dave McClure , Eric Ries , Fred Wilson and Michael Arrington think of this .
But , somehow , I do n't think the top - tier VCs are going to be shaking in their boots .
If you ’re in the market for some micro-funding , check out Y Permutator and let me know what you think .
Is this the future of micro-investing ?
What do you think ?
US 'may not veto UN resolution on Jerusalem '
Israel considers areas within the Jerusalem municipality as its territory The US is considering abstaining from a possible UN Security Council resolution against Israeli settlements in East Jerusalem , sources suggest to the BBC .
The possibility surfaced at talks in Paris last week between a senior US official and Qatar 's foreign minister .
The official said the US would " seriously consider abstaining " if the issue of Israeli settlements was put to the vote , a diplomat told the BBC .
US officials in Washington have not confirmed the report .
There are no concrete plans at present to table such a resolution at the UN by any state .
But it is likely that the US is considering how to maintain pressure says BBC state department correspondent Kim Ghattas .
The US usually blocks Security Council resolutions criticising Israel .
But relations between the allies have been severely strained by the announcement of plans to build 1,600 homes in an East Jerusalem settlement during a recent visit to Israel by US Vice - President Joe Biden .
The move prompted the Palestinians to pull out of the US - brokered indirect " proximity talks " that had only just been agreed in a bid to revive the peace process , which has been stalled for more than a year .
Nearly half a million Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
They are held to be illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
Guarantee sought
The reported exchange between the US official and Qatar 's foreign minister came to light during a meeting at an Arab League summit in the Libyan town of Sirte .
A diplomatic source told the BBC that Qatar 's Foreign Minister , Sheikh Hamad Bin Jasim Al Thani - who is also the prime minister - had recently met an official high up in the Obama administration during a visit to France .
Sheikh Hamad Al Thani was in Paris last week for an economic forum During their talks , Sheikh Hamad asked the US official whether Washington would guarantee not to veto a UN Security Council resolution that was critical of Israel 's ongoing settlement construction in East Jerusalem .
The diplomat said the US official had replied that the current feeling in Washington was that they would " seriously consider abstention " .
An Egyptian official is said to have confirmed his knowledge of the US position during a meeting at the Arab League summit , which was held behind closed doors .
The US Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , was in Paris last week to hold talks with Israeli Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Palestinian Authority President , Mahmoud Abbas .
The US is one of five permanent members of the Security Council with veto power and has a history of blocking any resolution condemning Israel .
The BBC's Rana Jawad , in Sirte , says that many people will see the comments as yet another sign of Washington 's recent dispute with Israel .
In November , Israel announced a 10 - month suspension of new building in the West Bank .
But it considers areas within the Jerusalem municipality as its territory and thus not subject to the restrictions .
POINTS OF TENSION IN JERUSALEM 1 Gilo : 850 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Nov 2009 2 Pisgat Zeev : 600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Jan 2010 3 Sheikh Jarrah : Municipality approves the building of 20 new apartments on the site of an old hotel 4 Ramat Shlomo : 1,600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Mar 2010 5 Silwan : Demolition orders on 88 Palestinian homes built without difficult - to - get permits - Israel planning controversial renewal project 6 .
West Bank barrier : Making Palestinian movement between West Bank and Jerusalem harder - Israel says it is for security
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Our friends over at Dlink have sent us one of their latest products , the DIR - 685 .
While this product has been on the market for a little bit , we never pass up a chance for a hands on review , and besides , we will be giving this router away !
This review will be a two part series , this part will mainly consist of a quick overview the initial thoughts about the device , in about a weeks ’ time , a more detailed ‘ review ’ will be posted to go over extended use and user experience .
The device came in a package as you would expect , a typical box with a plastic tray holding all of the components that consisted of the router , power supply , router stand , install CD , and instructions .
The device is at heart a router , but , unlike a typical router that is boring on the outside ; this device boasts a small LCD screen .
The screen can be used for things like viewing pictures , showing data pass - through widgets , or be used as a clock .
While the screen is quite small for photo displaying at 3.1 inches ( meaning do n’t buy this router because you want an LCD photo frame ) the stand does keep the router upright and does make for easy viewing .
By far the best widget on the device is the one that displays speed at which your data is being received or disbursed , sure it ’s a novelty , but to be able to see it in real time on the router helps separate this device from others on the store shelf .
One of the features that could be most desirable is the ability to stick 2.5 - inch SATA hard drive into the router .
By doing this , you have turned the router into a NAS ( Networked Attached Storage ) .
You also save some space too , as you do n’t have a bulky drive attached , although there are also two USB ports on the back of the device that would allow you to connect a USB based drive too .
The product is adamant about installing the software before using the router , a sticker , actually inhibits you from using the device until you peel it off .
But , like any gadget nerd , I plugged it in without installing the software .
To my surprise , unlike my current router , this one setup a secure network .
When paired with Windows 7 , the prompts that Windows gave me allowed me to create a secured network first .
The fact that at no point was my network vulnerable is reassuring , especially for those who are not network savvy , this step was a breeze .
While I ’m not 100 % convinced that it was the Dlink router that did this , when I hooked up my other router ( non-Dlink ) its default setting was an open , unsecured network and I had to use the routers software to apply a password .
So far the router has been a joy to setup and use , while its not perfect as it ’s not a dual - band router , it does have a lot going for it .
As it has only been used to its basic requirements , further comments will come in the second part that will focus more on usability and the reliability of the device .
The crew will be at sea for around three months
A boat made of 12,000 plastic bottles has set sail on a voyage from San Francisco to Sydney to spread awareness about pollution in the world 's oceans .
Environmentalist and banking heir David De Rothschild and a crew set out on the appropriately named Plastiki catamaran .
Their 11,000 - nautical mile journey will go past the Great Pacific Garbage Patch - a sea of waste about five times the size of the UK or twice that of Texas .
Four out of five plastic bottles end up in a landfill , according to the UN .
" It is time we beat waste and this is an out - of - sight , out - of - mind issue that needs to be addressed , " Mr De Rothschild told the BBC earlier this month .
The 31 - year - old adventurer , who has completed expeditions to both poles and various jungles , was already tweeting on Saturday , hours after the boat set sail on its three - month voyage .
" Travelling 2.0 Knots ummm !
That 's a lot of ocean ahead ! " he said on his Twitter page .
" Just saw our first bit marine debris - a plastic cup ! "
Green credentials
The Plastiki takes recycling to a whole other level .
The 12,000 used water bottles are filled with carbon dioxide to make the vessel durable and buoyant .
The catamaran is powered by solar , wind and sea turbines .
An exercise bike will power the boat 's laptops and there is also a composting bathroom and gardens to grow food .
Critics say the expedition only perpetuates the belief that it is acceptable to use plastic as long as people recycle it , rather than encouraging people to cut down on its use entirely .
They also point out that if the Plastiki were to break apart mid-journey , it would dump thousands of bottles directly into the ocean .
Even when Windows 7 launched into a warm reception ( and brisk sales ) , Microsoft did n't reveal exact sale numbers for its new OS – until today .
Microsoft CFO
Peter Klein announced at the Morgan Stanley Technology , Media & Telecom Conference that Windows 7 has sold 90 million licenses to - date .
Up until recently , Microsoft 's company line when boasting about Windows 7 sales is that is the fastest selling operating system in history , but without any accompanying number .
This news comes just days after the expiration of the free use of Windows 7 Release Candidate .
Advocates for doing something expensive about global warming are fond of telling us that the science behind it all is settled , and in one very limited sense they are more - or - less correct .
If humans insist on filling the atmosphere with carbon dioxide then we can indeed expect the average temperature of the world to increase slightly .
But the scientific consensus on the matter stops right there .
There is no great certainty that the increase will be large enough to be noticeable .
There is even less certainty that it will be large enough to make a measurable impact on human affairs .
There is virtually no certainty at all that an impact , if and when it occurred , would necessarily be disastrous .
Why then have climate scientists let the whole concept of disastrous global warming get to the stage where it has become the accepted wisdom of nearly all the politically correct people of the western world ?
A small part of the answer may be that scientists , like everyone else , have to eat .
Big social problems tend to release big dollars .
Another part of the answer is that scientists too are human , and can be seduced as easily as anyone else by the pleasures of playing a lead role in well - funded campaigns against the forces of evil .
But perhaps the biggest part of the answer is that scientists simply cannot believe that any of their colleagues would deliberately oversell a scientific conclusion for the sake of a political cause .
As a consequence they can easily slip into a mode of public support , and indeed into a mode of public advocacy , for a broad scientific theory involving many distinct areas of research about which they personally know very little .
They tend to forget how much of their support relies on procedures which have evolved over the years to protect the reputation of science in general .
These procedures ( peer review is one of them ) are far from perfect .
The bottom line is that scientists have allowed themselves to be part of a huge propaganda machine that has developed to such an extent that they can no longer countenance any public expression of doubt about its origins .
In particular they have been forced to distance themselves from the scepticism which is the very lifeblood of science as a whole .
The problem with propaganda machines is that the average man in the street has learnt to smell them , recognize them , and be highly sceptical of them .
His distrust may be hidden for a while for various reasons of inertia and politics , but given some small encouragement by way of an obvious glitch in the system , he will rather enjoy tearing the thing apart .
And such a glitch seems to have occurred in the climate game with the leaking a few months ago of thousands of e-mails and documents from the Climate Research Unit of the University of East Anglia .
Among other things , they reveal how researchers may indeed go off the rails when they can no longer distinguish between research and political activism .
The blogosphere ( and , strangely enough , the main - stream media in the UK ) is having a ball with what has become known as the Climategate affair .
The response of prominent scientists within the global warming establishment both to Climategate and to the subsequent emergence of a very obvious and very extensive degree of scepticism about their work is quite extraordinary .
They have had control of public opinion concerning the disastrous nature of climate change for so long that they cannot even conceive of the possibility that sceptics may have a point .
It seems instead that to return to their place in the sun it will merely be necessary for scientists to engage more powerfully in active promotion of a belief in climatic doom .
To build a bigger propaganda machine in other words .
It does n't occur to them that it is exactly this sort of behaviour that got them into trouble in the first place .
It is exactly this sort of behaviour that is ultimately likely to lose their battle for them .
Perhaps more important in the long term , it is exactly this sort of behaviour that stands a good chance of ruining the hard - won reputation of science as a whole .
And that 'll learn 'em !
Afghanistan , the world ’s biggest producer of opium , has also become a major source for cannabis , overtaking Morocco as the top producer of hashish , the UN ’s Office on Drugs and Crime said Wednesday .
“ While other countries have even larger cannabis cultivation , the astonishing yield of the Afghan cannabis crop makes Afghanistan the world ’s biggest producer of hashish , ” UNODC Executive Director Antonio Maria Costa said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
An UNODC survey estimated Afghanistan farmers produce 145 kilograms per hectare of hashish , the resin produced from cannabis , as compared to around 40 kg / ha in Morocco , for an overall amount of 1,500 to 3,500 tonnes a year .
It estimated that 10,000 to 24,000 hectares of cannabis are grown in Afghanistan every year worth 39 to 94 million dollars , which is still only 10 to 20 percent of the value of opium production to farmers .
Afghanistan ’s illicit drugs industry is worth up to three billion dollars a year , controlled by militants and gangs who use cross - border routes to smuggle drugs to Pakistan and Iran , and bring arms and fighters back in .
Cannabis brought farmers a higher estimated net income due to lower cultivation costs , some 3,341 dollars per hectare compared to 2,005 dollars for opium , but its need for irrigation and shorter shelf life limits its overall attractiveness , the UNDOC survey found .
It found that like opium , cannabis was mostly being grown in areas of instability in the south of the country , being exported , and was a source of financing for insurgents fighting the Afghan government and foreign troops .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ All drugs in Afghanistan , whether opium or cannabis , are taxed by those who control the territory , providing an additional source of revenue for insurgents , ” said Costa .
The solution to the opium and cannabis problems is the same , he said .
“ By improving security and development in Afghanistan ’s drug - producing regions , we can knock out the world ’s biggest supplies of both hash and heroin , ” said Costa .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last year 6,900 tonnes of opium were produced in Afghanistan , or more than 90 percent of the world total , according to UNODC estimates .
The Afghanistan government launched at the beginning of March a campaign to eradicate poppy fields with aid to farmers to cultivate alternative crops .
All that was missing was a promotional video of Dorothy Gale clicking her ruby slippers and whispering , " There 's no place like Google ; there 's no place like Google ... "
As you may recall , Google recently announced its intentions to test ultra high - speed broadband technology in a number of U.S. cities , the identities of which would be determined in part by which communities express the greatest interest .
Officials in Topeka , Kansas have decided to express theirs by renaming their municipality ...
Google , Kansas .
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
Keys to the city are so last century .
From a report on the Topeka Capital - Journal Web site :
Topeka Mayor Bill Bunten signed a proclamation Monday calling for Topeka to be known for the month of March as " Google , Kansas - the capital city of fiber optics . "
Bunten told city council members about the proclamation prior to a special meeting of the council held at noon at City Hall to hear the first reading of a proposal that was n't linked to local efforts to convince Google to make Topeka a test site for an ultrafast Internet connection .
Bunten asked the seven council members on hand if they had a problem with his issuing the proclamation , which also encourages Topekans to recognize and support continuing efforts to bring Google 's fiber optics experiment here .
None objected .
No surprise there , although Bunten 's secondary motion asking Topekans to rename their children Larry , Sergey or Eric was defeated by a narrow 4 - 3 vote after several councilors noted that they have girls .
( OK , I made that up . )
Every year , extremists converge on campuses all over the world .
For a week or two , they strive to sow divisions , encourage prejudice , and incite hostility .
They come as part of " Israeli Apartheid Week , " a series of lectures , exhibits and events that single out Israel for fierce attack .
Students are told the Jewish state is , by nature , a racist , colonial and oppressive state .
They are told Israel should be boycotted , and even destroyed .
They are told this by ideologues who distort facts about the country while ignoring genuine oppression in the Middle East and across the world .
One need look no further than the event 's title to understand its malignant nature .
The canard that Israel is an apartheid state is an assault on the country 's very legitimacy .
South Africa 's racist , apartheid regime was rightfully dismantled , and this campaign seeks absurdly to cast Israel  the Middle East 's most progressive state and only liberal democracy  as being guilty of similar policies and equally deserving to be dismantled .
Apartheid Week is an affront to Palestinian and Israeli moderates who seek to reach peace through compromise and mutual recognition .
It opposes equality and tolerance by seeking to do away with the Jewish people 's right to self - determination .
Martin Luther King , Jr. once said that Israel , which he described as " one of great outposts of democracy in the world " , has an " incontestable " right to exist .
Apartheid Week 's push against King 's truth can only impede the dream of peace and justice in the Middle East .
Click on the menu items to the left to learn more ...
Frank Ruhli , head of the Swiss Mummy Project at the University of Zurich , Switzerland , said : " Although reduced by about 80 per cent of its original weight , it has retained its anatomical characteristics and , most of all , to a certain degree its cell structures . "
Acupuncture is popular with IVF patients
There is no evidence acupuncture or Chinese herbal medicine increase the chance of getting pregnant through IVF , fertility experts say in new guidance .
The methods are increasingly offered as a way of boosting the chances of a baby , but the British Fertility Society suggests couples may be wasting money .
They analysed 14 trials involving 2,670 people before issuing the new guidance .
But a leading practitioner said that better designed trials would show that the methods could help some couples .
All the trials involved acupuncture , in which needles were inserted into different areas of the body at different stages in the in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) cycle .
No matter at what stage of the process acupuncture was used , it had no impact on the pregnancy or live birth rate , the BFS researchers found .
" Fertility focused acupuncture treatment has been found to help increase blood flow to the reproductive organs , balance hormone levels , regulate the menstrual cycle and help improve the lining of the uterus and quality of eggs released
British Acupuncture Council
They did however also find it caused no harm , with no difference in miscarriage rates .
There were no published trials on the use of Chinese herbs which were rigorous enough for inclusion , so the team concluded that there was " currently no evidence to support the use of this in fertility treatments " .
As more couples seek IVF , there has been a growth in accompanying complementary therapies , and acupuncture has benefited .
It is the most popular option for patients because it is thought to improve blood flow and increase the chance of an embryo implanting .
Trial and error
But this sometimes comes at a cost which could buy a couple a further cycle of IVF .
Professor Adam Balen , head of BFS 's policy and practice committee , said patients needed to be aware of the lack of evidence on acupuncture and herbs before signing up to a course of treatment .
There was a " a great deal of discrepancy " , he added , in the way in which the trials were designed and the type of acupuncture used .
" Any future randomised controlled trials in this area need to ensure that they use a standardised acupuncture method , have a large sample size and include adequate controls to account for any placebo effects . "
Infertile women have been misled for some time now to think that traditional Chinese medicine can help them getting pregnant
Professor Edzard Ernst
Pensinsula Medical School
One high - profile practitioner , Dr Xiao - Ping Zhai , of The Zhai Fertility Treatment Clinic , said there were indeed problems with the way in which these trials were designed and that different analysis would show the benefits .
" Certainly for those with unexplained fertility problems in particular , we know acupuncture and traditional Chinese medicine can be beneficial .
What matters is both the expertise and experience of the practitioner , but most of all the treatment of the patient as an individual .
It is the tailored treatment which is key .
" We need clinical trials that take this into account . "
A statement from the British Acupuncture Council noted : " Fertility focused acupuncture treatment has been found to help increase blood flow to the reproductive organs , balance hormone levels , regulate the menstrual cycle and help improve the lining of the uterus and quality of eggs released .
" BACC practitioners recognise that there are many factors which may cause infertility such as stress , irregular hormone levels and disrupted menstrual cycles .
As a holistic therapy , acupuncture helps to identify underlying health issues which may cause disruption to the body 's natural balance , resulting in symptoms such as infertility . "
But one of the country 's leading experts on the efficacy of complementary medicine , Professor Edzard Ernst of Pensinsula Medical School , described the new guidelines as " long overdue clarification " .
" Infertile women have been misled for some time now to think that traditional Chinese medicine ( TCM ) can help them getting pregnant .
This analysis shows two things very clearly : the totality of the acupuncture trials does not support this notion , and for Chinese herbs , we have no evidence at all .
" This will help infertile women not to waste their money or get disappointed by TCM practitioners who behave less than responsibly when recommending these treatments . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You do n't suppose they 're doing this for political reasons , do you ?
Sen. Ron Wyden ( D - Ore. ) has a message for all the attorneys general and Republican lawmakers who are threatening lawsuits and claiming that an individual mandate for insurance coverage is unconstitutional :
You do n't have to abide by it -- just set up your own plan .
The Oregon Democrat is n't inviting opponents to defy the newly - enacted health care law .
Instead , he 's pointing out a provision in the bill that makes moot the argument over the legality of the individual mandate .
Speaking to the Huffington Post on Tuesday , Wyden discussed -- for one of the first times in public -- legislative language he authored which " allows a state to go out and do its own bill , including having no individual mandate . "
It 's called the " Empowering States to be Innovative " amendment .
And it would , quite literally , give states the right to set up their own health care system -- with or without an individual mandate or , for that matter , with or without a public option -- provided that , as Wyden puts it , " they can meet the coverage requirements of the bill . "
" Why do n't you use the waiver provision to let you go set up your own plan ? " the senator asked those who threaten health - care - related lawsuits .
" Why would you just say you are going to sue everybody , when this bill gives you the authority and the legal counsel is on record as saying you can do it without an individual mandate ? "
Jon Walker at FDL accuses
Wyden of being disingenuous :
This is not accurate .
You see , the problem is that the individual mandate starts in 2014 , but states ca n’t get a waiver to try a different system , potentially one without an individual mandate , until 2017 .
So , there is nothing states can do to stop the individual mandate from being in effect for at least three years .
Whether you agree with an individual mandate or not , it is just wrong to say people should n’t complain because , at some point in the future , they might possibly have a way for states to opt out of it .
If the state waiver started in 2014 , Wyden ’s argument would be perfectly valid , but as the law currently stands , his statement is pure baloney .
Wyden also seems to be glossing over the serious problem of system entrenchment .
While it would be easy for a state to experiment with a new health care system in 2014 if they could get a waiver right away , trying to start a new system in 2017 would be much more difficult .
The law requires them to put all the effort into setting up this exchange system .
Expecting a state to start all over by uprooting this new system and putting up a whole different system after only three years is a huge hurdle .
Obviously , Wyden 's provision was n't meant to make it easy for states to opt out .
But it does make it possible , and that 's probably all it needs to do to meet any legal challenges .
As to motive ?
My guess is , they probably did it this way to hit their CBO targets .
If the Republicans were operating in good faith , it would be a lot simpler to consider reconciliation amendments like the one Jon suggests .
Instead , they 're doing what they do best : obstructing the process .
No no no !
Browser cookies are one of those technical bits of web browsing that almost everyone has some awareness of .
They 're also probably one of the most misunderstood aspects of browsing .
Today we 're here to clear up the confusion .
Advertisement
Photo by esti .
When it comes to browser cookies , most users have a lot of misconceptions about what they do .
Here 's a closer look at exactly what a browser cookie is , what it is n't , and what it 's really used for .
Advertisement
Note :
If you 're serious about your online privacy , check out our guide on how to really browse without leaving a trace , where we cover much more than just cookies .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What Are Cookies Anyway ?
Cookies are nothing more than tiny bits of text stored on your PC by your web browser , containing information set by web sites such as your session token , user preferences , or anything else that the web site needs to keep track of you from one request to the next .
Once the web site has asked your browser to set the cookie , the next time your browser opens a new request to the server — clicking a link to a page , adding an item to your cart , or even loading an image — your browser will send that cookie back to the web site that set the cookie .
Advertisement
Cookies exist because the underlying HTTP protocol is stateless — each request from your browser is completely separate from the next one , so the server needs a way to keep track of what request belongs to what visitor .
By storing a small bit of information in a cookie , the web site can determine that your page view belongs to your user account .
There are two " categories " of cookies : either first - party or third - party cookies .
( Although there 's actually no technical difference between the two . )
First - party cookies are those cookies that belong to sites you actually visited in your browser , while third - party cookies , also known as tracking cookies , are generated from a Javascript include on the page — generally from third - party advertising web sites .
Advertisement
Myth : Cookies Spy On You and Track Everything You Are Doing
As we 've already learned , the contents of cookies are set by the web site that you visited , so unless you 've given your information to a web site , there 's no way that cookies are going to contain personal information unless you 've given that information to the site already .
Advertisement
Most cookies are as simple as a session token , but sometimes they contain your login credentials , usually encrypted or hashed in some format — but since cookies are only sent back to the same site that originated them , even if cookies contained personal information , it is not going to be shared with every site you visit .
Myth : Cookies Are Viruses or Spyware and Create Spam and Popups
Cookies are nothing more than text files and could not be executed even if you track down the hidden folder they are usually located in , but a surprising amount of people believe that cookies contain viruses or spyware .
The reason for this , other than misconceptions fueled by clueless TV writers , is probably because most anti-spyware applications catch tracking cookies when you do a scan .
Why ?
Cookies can be used by advertising web sites to track the sites you visit ( assuming the sites are using the same advertising network — see more below ) , so most anti-spyware applications help you remove them .
Advertisement
The other myth is that cookies are responsible for spam and create pop-up advertisements .
While it 's true that an advertiser can use cookies to track which pop -up ads you 've seen , the cookies have nothing to do with the advertisement in the first place .
Fact : Spyware and Viruses Can Read Your Cookies , but So What ?
Another common misconception is that cookies are bad because if you have a virus or spyware infection , they can read your cookies to find out more information about you .
This concept is not only overly paranoid , but completely illogical to boot — if your PC is already infected with a virus , you 've got a lot more to worry about than a virus " reading " your cookies , since it has complete control over your computer , and your information at that point .
You 're better off spending your energy learning about the best ways to keep your PC secure .
Advertisement
Fact : Cookies Are Required for Logging Into Most Sites
The vast majority of web sites require cookies to be enabled in order to create an account and keep yourself logged in , so if you disable cookies in your browser , a large portion of the web is going to be broken .
There are some exceptions , of course — you 'll probably notice that many shopping web sites embed the session token into the URL , but it 's not something that most sites are going to implement .
These cookies are considered first - party cookies , because they are set by the web site you purposely visited .
Advertisement
Fact : Cookies are Used by Advertisers to Track Sites You Visit
Because cookies are always sent back to the site that originated them , an advertiser 's cookie will be sent back to them from every web site you visit that is also using that same advertiser .
This allows the advertiser to track the sites you visit , and send targeted advertising based on the types of sites that you visit .
Advertisement
This does not mean that advertisers can read the cookies from the web site you are visiting — they can only read their own cookies , but because the advertising Javascript is embedded in the page , they will know the URL you are visiting .
These cookies are considered third - party cookies , because they are not set by the actual page you are visiting , and they can generally be blocked without causing any serious problems .
If this type of tracking keeps you up at night , consider that an advertiser can already track the sites you visit based a combination of your IP address , browser version , location , and any number of other factors — so getting rid of the tracking cookies only eliminates a small piece of the puzzle when it comes to tracking your behavior online .
There are also only a few advertisers big enough to really track you across the majority of web sites — and one has to assume Google already knows everything else you 're doing online .
Advertisement
Fact : Deleting or Blocking Cookies Can Cause More Annoying Ads
If you 've ever visited a web site that sometimes , but not always , prevents you from reading the article until you click through an interstitial advertisement that takes over the entire page — you might wonder what logic dictates who sees the ads and when .
Advertisement
Here 's how it works : interstitial ads pay web sites very lucrative rates to allow them to take over the entire page , but since most web site owners know that they are annoying , they are usually rate - limited so they are n't seen too often by the same person .
Once you 've seen the ad a single time , the advertiser sets a cookie on your PC to make certain that you do n't see the same annoying ad again for a while .
If you are deleting your cookies on a regular basis , you 're probably also seeing a lot more of these interstitial ads than everybody else .
That is , of course , if you do n't have an adblocker installed .
Fact : Disabling Cookies Does n't Matter If You Have Flash Enabled
Advertisement
As we 've already pointed out in our guide to browsing without leaving a trace , even if you are blocking cookies in your browser , advertisers are using Flash cookies to keep track of what you 're browsing online .
In fact , more than half of the most popular web sites are using Flash tracking cookies — and even using your browser in private mode wo n't ( currently ) stop them from tracking you this way .
Advertisement
Still Want to Block Cookies ?
Try Blocking Third Party Cookies Only
Advertisement
If you are still worried about cookies for privacy reasons , you can set up your browser to only accept first - party cookies , so you 'll still be able to log in to all the web sites that you visit .
For Firefox , just head into the Options panel , switch to the Privacy tab , and uncheck the Accept third - party cookies box .
If that causes you any problems , you can keep the option checked , but change the " Keep until " setting to remove the cookies once you close Firefox .
Other browsers have similar settings ; just head into the options to find them .
Do you clear your cookies religiously , or do you just use a private browsing mode ?
Share your thoughts in the comments .
Advertisement
The How - To Geek is n't paranoid enough to delete cookies regularly .
His geeky articles can be found daily here on Lifehacker , How - To Geek , and Twitter .
There have always been unethical and / or desperate job hunters out there who have used a friend or relative as a reference in order to up the chances of landing a position .
Providing a fake job reference that will lie and speak glowingly about you is nothing new .
But a niche business has cropped up that takes that a step further .
Web sites that offer fake job reference services are available for any job seeker whose credentials and references do n't stand on their own .
That 's bad news for hiring managers , according to Jeff Wizceb , a vice president with HR Plus , a division of AlliedBarton Security Services that provides background screening services .
" You basically sign up and create your own company that you want to have worked at or create a position at a legitimate company , " said Wizceb .
" You plug in references , position , salary , all that information , and if an employer were to call the number you provided , these sites will pose as a reference and it would be basically this fake company that would ' verify ' the information . "
And these sites are doing big business .
One such service , Careerexcuse.com , is no longer taking new clients because of an overabundance of workload .
And with this kind of deception available to any one , that means companies checking backgrounds and references can be no more sure the candidate applying for the position previously spent time as a vice president of operations , or as an inmate in cell block nine .
" I think human resources departments may realize these are out there , but they do n't realize how prevalent it is , " said Wizceb .
" With these sites turning away business , I think it shows people are using these services a lot more than what we might think . "
Other sites , such as AlibiHQ , go beyond just job background services and also offer fake landlord references and doctor 's notes .
Wizceb chalks the sites ' popularity up to the desperation that has surfaced as a result of the economy .
" I 've been in this business for 13 years , I 've only seen these sites for about two years .
I think it 's a byproduct of the economy .
As people become more desperate looking for work , and with fewer jobs to apply to , these sites pop up to help them provide reference information that helps them be a better candidate . "
How can businesses detect these fake references ?
Wizceb offers the following tips for folks in charge of hiring :
Ask specific questions :
If someone is lying , they tend to put basic information on a resume .
Simply company name , supervisor , said Wizceb .
" If you can think beyond the application , and ask questions that go beyond what is on the resume , you may be able to catch the person off guard to get a feel for if this person is being honest , " he said .
Wizceb recommends asking for details such as the name of the building an applicant worked in or for other co-workers names .
Check it out yourself :
Ignore the information on the resume and check out the company yourself , said Wizceb .
Instead of taking what the candidate says at face value , Google the company and see what information is out there .
" If I look up ABC Company , and nothing comes up in Google , that should obviously be a red flag , " said Wizceb .
Many job seekers might use an actual company but fabricate their employment or position .
Wizceb suggests contacting the company directly to verify if the reference listed on the resume is an actual employee , or former employee , as the candidate claims .
A company directory can be a good resource for this kind of checking , he said .
For an example of how an applicant can mislead background checks , see this section in the true story ' Anatomy of a Fraud ' .
Rachel Maddow calls out the Republicans for saying that Democrats passing the health reform bill through reconciliation is the same as the nuclear option .
And as she notes , they are more than well aware that they are lying since they constantly threatened to use the nuclear option and change the rules of the Senate when they wanted to get Bush 's judicial appointments confirmed .
Maddow :
What 's going on here is a deliberate attempt on the part of Republicans to define nuclear down -- to conflate these two totally separate things to demonize the way that Democrats have to pass health reform right now .
By calling it the nuclear option even though the nuclear option is a real thing in the Senate , and this is n't that -- it has nothing to do with that .
Perhaps the reason that Republicans are so unwilling to call this what it is , reconciliation is because they have a really long record of using reconciliation .
As Rachel notes budget reconciliation is how the health care system has been formed in the United States already and Republicans used reconciliation to pass the Bush tax cuts , twice .
And it 's been used to pass things like COBRA and SCHIP .
No sooner did I turn her show off tonight and guess who was helping conflate the term reconciliation with the nuclear option ?
You 've got it ... ClusterFox .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
March 28 , 2010
It probably was n’t a good idea .
A young man who identified himself as a Libertarian and a Ron Paul supporter was brutally attacked after giving Sarah Palin a piece of his mind at a Tea Party Express rally in Mesa , Arizona .
The Tea Party Express is a front organization for Republicans who claim they own the Tea Party concept ( in fact , they stole it from Libertarians ) .
Tea Party supporters apparently now double for brownshirt thugs .
They are indistinguishable from John McCain neanderthals .
They are intolerant and believe Libertarians should be assaulted for daring to speak out .
As noted below , it was n’t Tea Party supporters who attacked the man in Arizona .
It was John McCain supporters .
But now that Sarah Palin has turned Tea Party events into McCain rallies , can we truthfully say there is any difference ?
Republicans have finally delivered a death blow to the Tea Party movement .
It is now a verifiable faction of the Republican party .
Super star Sarah wants to bomb Iran .
She is a neocon .
And so is everybody who follows the Tea Party Express .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
It really is quite amazing how easily the Tea Party movement was compromised and turned into a gaggle of Republican platform mumbling Stepford wives .
“ As Palin took the podium at the rally for Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , hecklers began to disrupt her remarks , ” reports KNXV .
“ One of the hecklers , who said his name is Alex , was removed from the auditorium .
He can be seen in the video … being tackled by three men — one identified as a police officer in plain clothes , a man in a McCain T - shirt and another man . ”
“ I hate Obama , ” insisted Alex after his face was pushed against the pavement .
“ I do n’t like Obama .
I ’m a Libertarian .
I ’m trying to save America .
I like America , I like Americans — I just do n’t like John McCain . ”
Two McCain thugs assaulted a man for the crime of speaking his mind , albeit out of turn .
It was n’t enough to simply escort him off the property .
He had to be thrown to the pavement and stomped on .
Is this the sort of treatment Libertarians should now expect at Republican Borg hive Tea Party rallies where the rock star Sarah throws her support behind John McCain ?
It is not enough the neocons hijacked the Tea Party movement .
Now they insist on trouncing Libertarians , the very people who originated the movement .
In Tempe , Arizona , while campaigning for McCain , Palin said : “ Anyone who uses threats of violence will be in my crosshairs . ”
She was talking about Americans outraged over Obama ’s totalitarian care passed by Congress who have said less than polite things .
No actual violence has occurred .
As for Libertarians … well , they should expect to be thrown to the pavement .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Center For Biological Diversity has launched the Endangered Species Condom Project to promote awareness for the effects that human population growth has on both plant and wildlife .
Specifically , overpopulation has a direct impact on increasing extinction rates , with thousands of more species growing threatened : 12 % of mammals , 12 % of birds , 31 % of reptiles , 30 % of amphibians , and 37 % of fish ( as noted by Center for Biological Diversity ) .
As part of the project , The Center For Biological Diversity will distribute 100,000 free condoms ( Lifestyles ) with the help of thousands of volunteers .
As part of the education process , the condoms will be enclosed in six special packages , each highlighting a different endangered species as designed by Lori Lieber : the polar bear , snail darter , spotted owl , American burying beetle , jaguar , and coquí guajón rock frog .
You can learn more about overpopulation and extinction rates at the project ’s website where you can also donate or volunteer to help .
[ photos via D&L ]
* Republicans seek to ‘ repeal and replace ’ law
* Poll shows surge in support for healthcare reform
WASHINGTON , March 23 ( Reuters ) - Republican lawmakers vowed on Tuesday to try to repeal President Barack Obama ’s landmark U.S. healthcare overhaul but a new poll suggested they may run the risk of a voter backlash in advance of the November election .
In fact , Democrats dared Republicans to move to rescind the measure that Obama signed into law earlier in the day .
[ n N22224563 ]
“ I do n’t see how they standup at a town - hall meeting and say they favor repeal of a law that prohibits insurance companies to deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions , ” said Democratic Senator Ron Wyden .
Gallup released a poll that found longtime opposition to the plan had turned to support , 49 percent to 40 percent .
That may ease Democratic concerns as they near the November congressional elections .
“ Passage of healthcare reform was a clear political victory for President Obama and his ( Democratic ) allies in Congress , ” Gallup wrote .
Earlier in the day , 12 Republican senators introduced legislation to rescind the healthcare law .
“ This fight is n’t over yet , ” said Senator Jim DeMint , chief sponsor of effort .
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell did not sign on to DeMint ’s bill but said the party would campaign to repeal .
“ The slogan will be ‘ repeal and replace , ’ ” McConnell said , acknowledging that the public has favored some of the new reforms , such as ones to make healthcare more accessible and the insurance industry more accountable .
There has been bipartisan agreement on some provisions , such as prohibiting insurance companies from dropping people from coverage when they get sick .
But there is opposition to others , such as tax hikes and cuts in the Medicare health insurance program for the elderly to help pay for it .
A repeal , however , would wipe out the entire law .
In an effort to drum up public support , Democrats have been highlighting popular provisions set to take effect this year , such as tax credits to small businesses to buy insurance for employees and a change allowing young people up to age 26 to stay on their parents ’ health insurance policies .
Democrats hope this helps them stem anticipated big losses to their majorities in the House of Representatives and Senate .
Congressional analysts said Democrats and Republicans would be wise to focus their campaigns not on healthcare but the weak economy , which promises to be the key issue on Election Day .
“ Voters are ready for the healthcare debate to go away , ” said Tom Jensen of Public Policy Polling .
“ One of the reason they have been so upset with Democrats is that they believe they have had their priorities wrong -- having spent the past year on healthcare rather than the economy , ” Jensen said .
Gallup ’s nationwide telephone survey of 1,025 adults , conducted on Monday , found that 49 percent of respondents said it was a “ good thing ” that the measure won final congressional , while 40 percent said it was a “ bad thing . ”
Gallup said Democratic respondents backed the bill , 79 percent to 9 percent , while Republicans opposed it by about the same margin and independents were split .
“ Whether these groups ’ views on the issue harden or soften in the coming months could be crucial to how healthcare reform factors into this year ’s mid-term election , ” Gallup said .
If President Barack Obama adopts the Republican platform then one Tea Party - backed candidate for Senate from Florida would be willing to work across the aisle .
Florida State House Speaker Marco Rubio told Fox News that he would n’t make bipartisanship worse in Washington if his Senate bid is successful .
“ Partisan gridlock is not something I ’m in favor of , okay ?
But the problem is it depends on what you ’re standing for .
What are you fighting for ? ” asked Rubio .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’ve been more than happy to work across the aisle to do things like lower the capital gains tax , lower the corporate tax , flatten the tax rate , lower all these other taxes that make America increasingly an unfriendly place to do business .
And if the Obama administration tomorrow announces that that ’s their agenda or the leadership in Congress does , I ’ll be more than happy — I ’ll be thrilled to work with them , ” he said .
“ But what they ’re attempting to do is fundamentally redefine the role of government in America .
And we ca n’t cooperate with that .
We ’ve got to stop that from happening , ” he explained .
Orlando Sentinel columnist Scott Maxwell blogged this morning that Rubio made a better impression than Governor Charlie Crist , who squared off against him on the program .
Overall , I think Rubio probably Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ wonÃ¢â‚
¬Â this debate Ã¢â‚¬â€œ partially because of he better played to FOXÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s conservative audience , but also because he sounded more confident about what he was doing there .
There was just something a little odd and unsettling about seeing the senior statesman on the attack .
Rubio was in control .
Rep. Kendrick Meek is considered the leading Democrat in the race .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox ’s Fox News Sunday , broadcast March 28 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Relative measures of association , such as hazard ratio , odds ratio , and risk ratio , are often used to convey comparative information in medicine and public health .
Graphical presentation of such ratios is common practice in technical papers .
However , there are two crucial features that must be taken into account when presenting ratios in graphical format : ( 1 ) the baseline value for a ratio is 1 ; and ( 2 ) ratios are expressed on a logarithmic rather than arithmetic scale .
1 Figure Graphical presentation of risk ratios of 0·5 and 2·0 , considering baseline and scale Szklo and Nietohave nicely summarised these two conditions using three examples of ratios with values of 0·5 and 2·0 ( figure ) .
Part A uses a baseline of zero and an arithmetic scale .
The visual impression given is that the risk ratio of 2·0 is four times larger than the ratio of 0·5 .
Part B is correct in using a baseline of 1 but wrong in using an arithmetic scale , which gives the impression that the ratio of 2·0 is twice that of the ratio 0·5 .
In reality , risk ratios of 2·0 and 0·5 are identical in magnitude but work in opposite directions .
Part C shows the correct presentation , using a baseline of 1 and a logarithmic scale .
We reviewed the 2008 issues of several peer - reviewed general medical journals : the British Medical Journal ( BMJ ) , the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) , The Lancet , and the New England Journal of Medicine ( NEJM ) .
Inclusion criteria were articles ( original , special , or review ) that included graphical representation of any relative measure of association .
There were 132 articles in total , most of which used forest plots to visualise relative measures of association .
Of this total , 46 ( 35 % ) used graphs that failed to meet at least one of the above - mentioned conditions .
However , there were significant differences between the four journals .
Of the 29 JAMA articles reviewed , none failed to meet the quality criteria and all presented the data correctly .
Of the 23 BMJ articles , four did not meet correct representation standards .
On the other hand , in both The Lancet and the NEJM , more than half the articles had incorrect representation ( 22 of 41 articles in The Lancet and 20 of 39 in the NEJM ) .
2 Tufte ER
As Tuftehas observed , the purpose of graphics is to “ reveal data ” , but they must “ avoid distorting what the data have to say ” .
Perhaps it is time for peer - reviewed journals to include among their reviewers experts in graphical presentation alongside statisticians and epidemiologists .
We declare that we have no conflicts of interest .
References 1 . Szklo M Nieto FJ
Epidemiology : beyond the basics .
2nd edn. Jones & Bartlett , Sudbury , MA : 368-370 View in Article Google Scholar 2 . Tufte ER
The visual display of quantitative information .
Graphics Press , Cheshire , CT View in Article Google Scholar
Jay Leno was on the HLN show hosted by Joy Behar 's hair and earrings the other day , and she talked to him backstage .
Turns out he thinks that both he and Conan O'Brien got " screwed . "
Here is the video !
Somehow this is big enough news that it is on CNN 's front page right now .
Did n't we already do the whole " who got screwed more , " thing months ago ?
Oh well , let 's do it again !
Film critic Roger Ebert used to be heard all the time ; he was on TV as one of the original hosts of " At the Movies , " showed up regularly at film festivals and taught at the University of Chicago .
Opinionated , informed and affable , he was an enthusiast with a platform , and for a while it seemed like he was everywhere .
After complications from cancer , which resulted in surgery , a tracheotomy and a period of serious illness , Ebert lost the ability to speak .
That was not quite three years ago .
If it had been a decade earlier , that might have been the last we heard from Roger Ebert .
But Ebert was always a writer first -- he even wrote the screenplay for Russ Meyer 's unforgettable " Beyond the Valley of the Dolls " -- and he 's been writing like mad .
Although he focuses on film at his Chicago Sun - Times column , on his blog he can write about anything , and he does .
A voracious , late - night consumer and distributor of cultural ephemera , just today he 's blogged and Tweeted about the restoration of " Metropolis , " the music of Bill Withers and a Chicago pulp writer named Harry Stephen Keeler .
Ebert writes :
Harry Stephen Keeler was the most prolific Chicago novelist of all time -- and perhaps the most forgotten , although perhaps we may have forgotten an even more forgotten novelist .
Not even the devoted , even fanatical , members of the Harry Stephen Keeler Society
claim significant fame for him .
Yet perhaps no published author in history has produced more convoluted , bizarre plots , one of them related entirely in dialog between two men stranded on a small river island , another concealing its denouement within a Sealed Page at the end .
Ebert was tipped off to the fact that Keeler ( who died in 1967 ) is on Twitter , posting choice quotes from his many novels , including , " This fellow 's fakealoo is baloney of the purest ray serene .
If - - if you do n't mind my mixing my metaphors ! " and " It was like trying to think about the square root of minus zero , or something . "
In 1942 , the New York Times wrote of Keeler , " We are drawn to the unescapable conclusion that Mr. Keeler writes his peculiar novels merely to satisfy his own undisciplined urge for creative joy . "
Perhaps the same could be said for Roger Ebert .
He 's an irrepressible polymath with an Internet connection and a keyboard :
He 's as informed and opinionated as before but seems to be sharing more of his intellectual edge .
And having more fun .
-- Carolyn Kellogg
Images : From Harry Stephen Keeler book covers .
Credit : Harry Stephen Keeler Society
Cassandra Internals – Writing
2010-03-13 cassandra
We ’ve started using Cassandra as our next - generation data storage engine at OneSpot ( replacing a very large Postgresql machine with a cluster of EC2 machines ) and so I ’ve been using it for the last few weeks .
As I ’m an infrastructure nerd and a big believer in understanding the various layers in the stack , I ’ve been reading up a bit on how Cassandra works and wanted to write a summary for others to benefit from .
Since Cassandra is known to have very good write performance , I thought I would cover that first .
First thing to understand is that Cassandra wants to run on many machines .
From what I ’ve heard , Twitter uses a cluster of 45 machines .
It does n’t make a lot of sense to run Cassandra on a single machine as you are losing the benefits of a system with no single point of failure .
Your client sends a write request to a single , random Cassandra node .
This node acts as a proxy and writes the data to the cluster .
The cluster of nodes is stored as a “ ring ” of nodes and writes are replicated to N nodes using a replication placement strategy .
With the RackAwareStrategy , Cassandra will determine the “ distance ” from the current node for reliability and availability purposes where “ distance ” is broken into three buckets : same rack as current node , same data center as current node , or a different data center .
You configure Cassandra to write data to N nodes for redundancy and it will write the first copy to the primary node for that data , the second copy to the next node in the ring in another data center , and the rest of the copies to machines in the same data center as the proxy .
This ensures that a single failure does not take down the entire cluster and the cluster will be available even if an entire data center goes offline .
So the write request goes from your client to a single random node , which sends the write to N different nodes according to the replication placement strategy .
There are many edge cases here ( nodes are down , nodes being added to the cluster , etc ) which I wo n’t go into but the node waits for the N successes and then returns success to the client .
Each of those N nodes gets that write request in the form of a “ RowMutation ” message .
The node performs two actions for this message :
Append the mutation to the commit log for transactional purposes
Update an in -memory Memtable structure with the change
And it ’s done .
This is why Cassandra is so fast for writes : the slowest part is appending to a file .
Unlike a database , Cassandra does not update data in - place on disk , nor update indices , so there ’s no intensive synchronous disk operations to block the write .
There are several asynchronous operations which occur regularly :
A “ full ” Memtable structure is written to a disk - based structure called an SSTable so we do n’t get too much data in - memory only .
The set of temporary SSTables which exist for a given ColumnFamily are merged into one large SSTable .
At this point the temporary SSTables are old and can be garbage collected at some point in the future .
There are lots of edge cases and complications beyond what I ’ve talked about so far .
I highly recommend reading the Cassandra wiki pages for ArchitectureInternals and Operations at the very least .
Distributed systems are hard and Cassandra is no different .
Please leave a comment if you have a correction or want to add detail – I ’m not a Cassandra developer so I ’m sure there ’s a mistake or two hidden up there .
WWE 2K Battlegrounds Available Now
It ’s time for players of all skill levels to lace up their boots and step into the ring : WWE ® 2K Battlegrounds is here !
Developed by Saber Interactive and available now for the PlayStation ®4 system , the Xbox One family of devices , including the Xbox One X and Windows PC via Steam , Nintendo Switch ™ system and Stadia for $ 39.99 * , WWE 2K Battlegrounds brings fast - paced action and an assortment of power - ups , special moves , unconventional melee items and interactive environments to take the brawl to the next level .
Jacksonville , AL .
I was privileged to be at the February 20 anti-empire , anti-war conference in DC .
The meetings included two other Front Porchers — Bill Kauffman and Allan Carlson — and at least a couple FPR fellow travelers ( Dan McCarthy and Jesse Walker ) .
The session itself has been well described by participants from various perspectives : conservative ( Dan ) , libertarian ( Jesse , Matt Cockerill , David Henderson ) , and liberal ( Kevin Zeese , Sam Smith , Paul Buhle ) .
So , I ’ll just briefly summarize my impressions of the meeting .
I ’ll deal at length with the theoretical and historical context of the coalition - building effort .
As usual , Bill gave an eloquent presentation of his thoughts , which have been collected for posterity in America First ! ; Look Homeward , America ; and Ain’t My America .
( Do you notice a recurring theme ? )
The second book is subtitled “ In Search of Reactionary Radicals and Front - Porch Anarchists , ” which provided our website ’s name , although the black flag of anarchy has been lowered a bit .
Bill ’s content was wonderful in both style and substance .
Prose that sounded like poetry .
Allan focused on the baneful effects of militarism and empire on families and communities .
His perspective is counterintuitive to most modern Americans although , on some level , many must recognize the obvious truth of what he says .
Allan has a nice touch when speaking and it ’s always good to hear a fellow Iowan .
It was fun talking music , philosophy , and real - world politics with Jesse and Dan. George O’Neill Jr. was a gracious host and he brought along his delightful children .
George is a veteran of the Buchanan ’ 92 campaign .
Co-organizer Kevin Zeese was a manager of Nader ’s 2004 campaign .
He and Linda Schade are the driving forces behind Voters for Peace .
Linda reminded me of some of my old friends in the Green Party — a certain Green vibe that Sam also possessed .
Ralph Nader gave a fiery speech during lunch , sprinkled with humor and just the right amount of sarcasm .
He was with us for the rest of the afternoon .
During the group meetings , I sat between Michael McPhearson and Mike Ferner of Veterans for Peace .
I could n’t have asked for better neighbors .
Bill Lind , friend and co-worker of the late Paul Weyrich , contributed some useful thoughts on language and gave an interesting summary of the Fourth Generation War theory .
On a personal level , it was exciting to get to know some of my political journalism heroes , including Sam Smith and Bill Greider .
I recognized Paul Buhle ’s name as editor of the Encyclopedia of the American Left , but I did not immediately realize that Murray Polner co-edited , with Tom Woods , the great reader We Who Dared to Say No to War .
Socializing on Friday night , Paul regaled us with tales of ex-Communists writing episodes of Lassie .
An example of reactionary radicals ?
Over breakfast , Murray and I compared notes as ethical vegetarians .
John Walsh from Boston is affiliated with the Antiwar League , a group founded by the visionary Doug Fuda .
John ’s sense of humor and logic added to the proceedings .
The input from the college - age students — mostly Ron Paul - influenced Young Americans for Liberty , with one Student for a Democratic Society — was informative .
It ’s important to learn from history , but we are living in 2010 and the next generation has something to say .
With all the permutations of Left and Right present among the 40 participants , I thought there was only one conferee who was dogmatically ideological in a knee - jerk way .
Even that person presented one good idea .
Sure , there were a few comments about social and economic issues that ruffled a few feathers , but for the most part the group stayed focused on foreign policy and reached consensus more often than not .
Certainly the common enemy was recognized : the bipartisan Center of wealth and power , of empire and war .
The gathering was not meant to be an exclusive get - together of the best and the brightest .
It was a start .
Obviously , the goal is to bring more people in .
A meeting of forty is not going to change U.S. foreign policy .
A movement of forty million might .
The potential is there .
The American people have a deep “ isolationist ” streak , a common - sense nationalism that is wary of policing the world or meddling in other people ’s business in distant countries with strange names .
A Pew Research Center opinion survey released in December 2009 shows that a plurality of Americans think that the U.S. should “ mind its own business internationally and let other countries get along the best they can on their own ” ( 49 percent — an all - time high ) .
Of course , elite opinion stands in contrast to popular sentiment : 69 percent of Council on Foreign Relations members “ support the United States playing an assertive role in global affairs . ”
The extent of American isolationism — which really means reluctance toward entangling political and military alliances — varies from year to year , but there is an America First instinct that remains constant .
Public opinion partly accounts for why the U.S. did not enter World War I in 1915 or World War II in 1939 .
Wilson and Roosevelt certainly wanted to push the nation into those conflicts earlier than was possible .
Of course , we ended up fighting anyway .
Americans ’ disinterest in having themselves and their loved ones put in harm ’s way overseas also hindered plans to send a large amount of ground troops to the Balkans in the 1990s .
A decade later , it meant that McCain ’s contention that “ We are all Georgians ” was met with more laughter than seriousness .
Muscular American imperialism is not a winning issue for any political party .
Politicians usually cloak their imperial designs while campaigning because the idea of expending American blood and money in obscure places halfway around the world does not appeal to average Americans .
They care far more about practical domestic issues .
The U.S. government acting as policeman of the world has never been a popular idea among Americans .
It is costly and implies that our own society has reached such a state of perfection that we can easily afford to look elsewhere for problems to solve .
Meddling in other people ’s affairs creates enemies and can actually make our own people less safe .
There is a difference between being a helpful big brother and being an arrogant empire .
Even if we concede the existence of good intentions on the part of our government , perception becomes reality for people in the rest of the world .
The Iraq War was never really popular .
A vast majority of Americans rallied around the president when the invasion began in 2003 , but there was widespread resistance throughout 2002 when the idea was first publicly raised because many Americans did not see Saddam Hussein as a genuine threat to the country .
After the much - touted WMDs failed to materialize and the American death count continued to rise after Bush ’s declaration of Mission Accomplished , opposition to the war grew .
During the fall 2004 campaign , half of Americans believed the war was a mistake .
( Despite claims to the contrary by both Bush and Kerry . )
A year later , a majority felt that way .
According to a 2005 Harris poll , 53 percent said taking military action against Iraq was the “ wrong thing to do , ” and only 34 percent thought it was right .
The shift in opinion , depending on circumstances , indicates that support for the war had always been soft and conditional .
Americans are not pacifists .
The vast majority are not even close to the quasi- pacifism of a William Jennings Bryan .
We live in a country that glorifies the military .
Still , it must be said that most Americans are also not as callous and martial as those who rule in Washington ; after all , it is their loved ones who are personally experiencing the brutality and bloodletting .
Presidents may fret about wars while photographers snap pictures and reporters note their burdened souls , but they do not send their children into combat .
Like the Bush Jr. administration , most Americans are unilateralists .
In fact , they are unilateralists of an isolationist , not internationalist , sort , so it is a unilateralism that exceeds that of Republican leaders .
Unlike many Democrats , they do not think we need the permission of Kofi Annan , Jacques Chirac , or any other foreigner to wage war in defense of ourselves .
The question is , Was this truly the case with Iraq or were there other motives behind the attack and occupation ?
Many patriotic citizens either opposed the war from the start or soured on it when they realized that the Iraqi government had been no threat to us .
Americans who support more of an interventionist foreign policy tend to view our government as a Good Samaritan on the global stage .
In most cases , they wrongly attribute their own well - meaning attitudes and Judeo - Christian values to their leaders .
They assume that these leaders are acting on the basis of moral idealism .
This is a largely mistaken impression .
Regardless of the rhetoric used as policy justification , our leaders are usually guided by the principles of political realism and their less than altruistic policies have led to the widespread international perception of the U.S. not so much as a Good Samaritan as a Schoolyard Bully .
Most people are not grateful for U.S. intervention because it is often accompanied by military violence and political domination .
Scores of sincere Americans cannot understand this natural reaction of others .
“ Why do they hate us ? ” “ We ’re damned if we do and damned if we do n’t . ” et cetera .
Unfortunately , many patriotic Americans are easily fooled by U.S. government propaganda .
This is especially true for evangelicals , who tend to be politically unsophisticated , particularly when the nation is ruled by a Republican president ( who , by definition , must be “ a good Christian ” ) .
Sarah Palin is a case study in this naïve phenomenon .
From her correct and populist intuition that loyalty and patriotism are good , she moves dogmatically to an embrace of propaganda and jingoism .
She does not realize that most wars are imperial and aggressive in nature , hence the opposite of the national defense she cherishes .
Neoconservatives and gunboat liberals exploit this confusion , in Palin and millions of other well - meaning Americans .
Opposition to an ongoing war is a complicated thing , emotionally and intellectually .
Americans find it difficult to believe that friends and family members are wounding and being wounded , killing and being killed for ignoble reasons .
Even if it might be true , the cognitive dissonance is far too great for most to embrace such a thought .
Cindy Sheehan , mother of Army Specialist Casey Sheehan , and Andrew Bacevich , father of Army Lieutenant Andrew Bacevich Jr. , are exceptions .
Their sons were killed in Iraq for no good reason and they have been able to embrace this truth despite its horror .
This is rare .
For the rest of us , we too can oppose the bad foreign policies for which the troops are serving as pawns without despising the good personal qualities that often motivate and are often exhibited by the individuals in uniform .
In other words , we can recognize the fictional and exploitative nature of the “ fighting for our freedom ” cliché while honoring the patriotism , bravery , and sacrifice of combat veterans .
I can disagree with the Vietnam War while respecting Colonel George “ Bud ” Day USAF and Major Ed “ Eagle Man ” McGaa USMC .
This is what Professor Bacevich has done with his own son , but obviously on a much deeper level .
If you have not read what he wrote three years ago , you should .
His poignant essay is a rare example of truth on the op - ed pages of The Washington Post .
Having several editors of The American Conservative , the managing editor of Reason , and the editor - publisher of The Nation present at the DC conference made me think of the golden age of political mass - circulation magazines from the 1910s through the 1940s : The Commoner of William Jennings Bryan , La Follette ’s Weekly ( later : The Progressive ) of Robert La Follette , The Nation of Oswald Garrison Villard , The Christian Century of Charles Clayton Morrison , The Freeman of Albert Jay Nock , Saturday Evening Post of Garret Garrett , and The American Mercury of Lawrence Spivak .
Politics of Dwight Macdonald had a smaller circulation but it was a classic periodical .
One component of a successful anti-war coalition is the ability to get the message out to a wide range of citizens .
In some ways , things were simpler one hundred years ago .
The demos were less divided .
Yes , there were partisan , sectional , and ethnic divisions , but in many cases the common people were able to rise above those differences to see what they had in common .
For example , the bloody shirt was sometimes transcended .
The People ’s ( Populist ) Party had strength among both ex-Federals and ex-Confederates .
In the South , Populists had some success in establishing a biracial coalition to oppose aristocratic Democrats ( “ Bourbons ” ) , which is one reason Jim Crow laws targeted both blacks and poor whites .
In the early 1900s , elitists who represented corporate wealth were conservatives .
In the parlance of the Progressive Era , they were reactionaries , standpatters , or plutocrats .
Just about everyone else went by various names indicating support for a democratic republic , a non-entangling foreign policy , individual rights , the common good , and fidelity to the Constitution : populists , progressives , insurgents , or liberals .
The latter camp was spread throughout the Democratic and Republican parties , and , to a lesser extent , various third parties .
They were the heirs of Thomas Jefferson , John Taylor , and Samuel Adams .
Although there were some differences in emphasis and some electoral rivalry , liberal Democrats like W.J. Bryan and liberal Republicans like R.M. La Follette cooperated on most of the major issues of the day , both domestic and foreign .
Often times , they endorsed a candidate for congressional reelection of the opposing party when their own party fielded a reactionary .
Commitment to common principles trumped party loyalty .
In 1896 , Bryan had the support of Democrats , Populists , and Silver Republicans .
In 1924 , La Follette united liberal Republicans with Socialists under the Progressive banner .
At the turn of the century , principled conservatives like Grover Cleveland , Charles Francis Adams Jr. , and Andrew Carnegie were even willing to work with liberals in the American Anti-Imperialist League .
By the early 1920s , greater factionalization had taken place among the citizenry .
More and more , Americans were defining themselves by occupation .
Commonweal was giving way to special interest groups ( “ pluralistic democracy ” ) .
In the political realm , American populism had split by the early 1940s in response to co-optation and changing of the word liberalism by Franklin Roosevelt in the Democratic Party and Wendell Willkie in the Republican .
Roughly speaking , populists who valued justice more than liberty remained “ liberals , ” while populists who valued liberty more than justice became “ conservatives . ”
The libertarian Old Right of the New Deal years was an offshoot of Bryan - La Follette liberalism .
It had nothing in common with the Hamiltonian conservatism of the past , which had rather suddenly morphed into “ liberalism ” — exchanging an unpopular label for a designation more popular and trendy .
Both occupational identity politics and semantically - confusing ideology meant that Jeffersonian cousins who ought to have been natural allies instead grew further estranged from one another throughout the coming decades .
The emergence of anti-Communism in the late 1940s and Counterculturalism in the late 1960s further strained relations among anti-Establishment citizens .
The Power Elite used these divisions as a form of conflict displacement , as political scientist E.E. Schattschneider referred to earlier examples of popular in - fighting .
The old divide - and - conquer strategy .
There was a brief moment , in 1940 - 41 , during which a bipartisan popular coalition thwarted a bipartisan elite coalition .
The America First Committee was mostly led by new - style conservative populists like Robert Wood of Sears , Roebuck ; Robert McCormick of the Chicago Tribune ; Robert Douglas Stuart of Quaker Oats ; book publisher William Regnery ; and aviator Charles Lindbergh Jr. , but it also included many old - style liberal populists like Amos Pinchot , John T. Flynn , Alice Roosevelt Longworth , and Oswald Garrison Villard .
Villard , former owner - editor of The Nation , was a veteran of the Anti-Imperialist League .
He opposed the Spanish - American War , World War I , and World War II .
Consistency incarnate .
Grandson of abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison , co-founder with W.E.B. DuBois of the NAACP .
A truly great , if now - forgotten , man .
Memory of OGV was one reason I was pleased to see Katrina vanden Heuvel at the table in DC .
The Nation has a distinguished legacy and plays an important role in the liberal movement , despite occasional lapses into Democratic lesser - evilism .
Other liberal populists , including historian Charles Beard and Norman Thomas of the Socialist Party , assisted the anti-intervention cause from outside the AFC .
Conservative thinker Russell Kirk would cast his presidential ballot for Thomas in 1944 to reward him for his anti-war stance .
Military veterans in prominent AFC roles included Brigadier General Wood ( former acting quartermaster general of the Army ) , Colonel McCormick , Colonel Lindbergh , and Major General Hanford MacNider ( former assistant secretary of war and national commander of the American Legion ) .
This was certainly not an anti-war movement that could be easily dismissed by epithets of tie - dyed hippie peaceniks or effete Hollywood glitterati .
This was a movement that could appeal to Middle America , with its patriotism , common sense , and traditional values .
While mostly sympathizing with England , in 1940 , about 80 percent of the American people were opposed to war and Franklin D. Roosevelt — like his role model Woodrow Wilson twenty - four years earlier — was reelected on a pledge to keep our boys out of the European bloodletting .
Ultimately , the America First Committee was unsuccessful .
In hindsight , many would say that was for the best .
Whether it was or not , we can still learn some lessons from AFC .
It was a coalition that united influential , well - placed , and genuine representatives of a common people that were divided along established party and nascent ideological - label lines .
It became tainted by accusations of ethnic prejudice because elite interventionists — men who tended , ironically , to be respectably anti-Semitic themselves — exploited real or imagined failings of Lindbergh and others .
In the end , the movement could not prevent the presidential nomination of pro-war candidates by both the Democrats and Republicans ; could not overcome the power and propaganda of FDR , the British Empire , Wall Street , and the corporate press ; and could not stop Pearl Harbor and the natural rush to war that resulted .
There were ad hoc efforts by both Left and Right to stop the Cold War , the Vietnam War , the Persian Gulf War , and the Iraq War , but none of these efforts were very successful .
They were less broad - based than the anti-WWII effort and there were no national umbrella organizations that approached the stature of AFC .
Although their presidential campaigns approached the subject from different perspectives , conservative Robert Taft ( “ Mr. Republican ” ) and liberal Henry Wallace ( VP under FDR ) were the two most prominent opponents of Cold War foreign policy in 1948 within their respective parties .
For example , both would oppose the founding of NATO the following year .
In a July 1950 letter , Senator Taft wrote that he had the feeling that the U.S. was “ in real danger of becoming an imperialistic nation , ” noting , “ The line between imperialism and idealism becomes very confused in the minds of those who operate the system ” ( Ronald Radosh , Prophets on the Right : Profiles of Conservative Critics of American Globalism , 174 ) .
In a speech given in 1951 , Taft said , “ I certainly do not think we should be obligated to send American troops to defend Indo - China [ Vietnam ] or Burma or Thailand where they would become involved in a much more serious war than we have been forced into in Korea ” ( Ibid. , 192-93 ) .
Taft had impeccable all - American credentials — grandson of a secretary of war , son of a president and chief justice , friend of Herbert Hoover , champion of small business and free enterprise — and yet this did not prevent W. Averell Harriman from calling him “ the Kremlin ’s candidate ” for president in 1952 .
Taft was genuinely anti-communist , which is one reason he opposed allying our government with Stalin in World War II , but he was not willing to use a reputed global crusade against communism to mask U.S. imperialism .
That was his unpardonable sin in the eyes of Harriman , former Soviet ambassador and commerce secretary , future New York governor , and , most important of all , international investment banker ( Brown Brothers , Harriman & Co. — the firm of GW ’s grandfather Prescott Bush ) .
Of course , Harriman and his fellow “ Wise Men ” were hypocrites , since they had linked themselves to the Kremlin and been senior partners in a Popular Front with U.S. communists from 1940 to 1945 .
Their “ anti-communism ” was highly selective and thoroughly opportunistic .
Unlike his father , Bob Taft was not a product of the Rockefeller machine of Ohio and had not befriended the east coast establishment .
He was a Main Street Republican , not a Wall Street Republican .
This fact had foreign policy implications that doomed Taft ’s ability to gain his party ’s presidential nomination in 1940 , 1948 , or 1952 .
It forever tainted him in the eyes of those whom Phyllis Schlafly would later call “ the kingmakers . ”
( Through her nationalist - populist - moralist - libertarian choices for president , Schlafly symbolizes the true line of conservative descent within the party , despite variations of emphasis and purity , from Taft to Goldwater to Ashbrook to Reagan to Buchanan . )
Taft had been the unofficial leader of his party in the Senate for years and he served as majority leader for six months before dying of cancer in July 1953 .
Taft was no anomaly among conservatives of his generation .
Colonel McCormick also criticized the “ imperialism ” of the U.S. government and Senate Minority Leader Kenneth Wherry ( R - NE ) also opposed NATO .
Robert Welch was an active Taft ’ 52 man within the Massachusetts GOP .
Welch and the John Birch Society were excommunicated from the mainstream conservative movement by William F. Buckley Jr. and National Review in the mid 1960s not so much because of their supposed racial prejudice and political extremism , but more so because of their petit - bourgeois lack of respectability and their principled opposition to the Vietnam War .
In 1964 , Welch was opposing war in southeast Asia . . . several years before johnnies - come-lately like Eugene McCarthy , Robert Kennedy , and George McGovern .
It is hard to imagine anyone more anti-communist than Robert Welch , but his skepticism toward foreign intervention was consistent with his Old Right heritage .
The anti-war sentiment of the JBS has popped up with Vietnam , the Gulf War , and the Iraq War .
The New American even opposed the Panama invasion .
In the Senate , the only two votes against the pro-war Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in 1964 were from liberals Wayne Morse ( D - OR ) and Ernest Gruening ( D - AK ) .
Morse , Gruening , and even Welch ( by way of Taft ) were all more - or - less descended from the La Follette tradition of liberal Republicanism .
This tradition , from which Taft , McCormick , Frank Gannett , and others would emerge in the late 1930s to create a new - style conservatism indebted to Jefferson rather than Hamilton , had always been linked to national sovereignty , international neutrality , defense but not war , and domestic emphasis .
In September 1924 , the perspective of La Follette ’s party was spelled out in the pages of the CFR journal Foreign Affairs : “ It is historically characteristic of governments devoted to conservative measures and the maintenance of the status quo in domestic affairs to develop an aggressive policy in foreign affairs , and similarly for governments whose chief outlook is toward the progressive improvement of existing conditions to seek to disembarrass themselves from the complications of foreign policy . ”
The New Left - inspired grassroots movement against the Vietnam War did put pressure on the power structure and it did have some importance within the Democratic Party , but the White House did not begin to change its war approach until 1967 , when Wall Street and their Wise Men mouthpieces began raising economic objections to the status quo .
After three decades , military conscription ( the draft ) was ended more by libertarians like Martin Anderson and Milton Friedman than by left - wing peace demonstrators in the streets .
Opposition to the Persian Gulf War , in 1990 - 91 , included the populist Left ( Brown ) , Right ( Buchanan ) , and Middle ( Perot ) .
We ’ve seen a similar anti-war configuration during the past twenty years with Ralph Nader and Howard Phillips , Dennis Kucinich and Ron Paul .
And yet , in all of the pivotal war election years , the nominees of both major parties have been pro-war ( WWI - 1916 , WWII - 1940 , Cold War -1948 , Vietnam - 1964 , Balkans - 1996 , Iraq - 2004 , Afghanistan - 2008 ) .
Divisions over secondary - but - emotional cultural / social / moral issues have prevented sustained efforts by the Left and Right to work against empire .
We ’ve seen an occasional joint press conference by activist leaders to denounce a specific war , but nothing lasting and nothing that includes millions of average Americans .
In the estimation of Bill Kauffman , excepting the Murray Rothbard - Leonard Liggio Left and Right attempt to bring about cooperation between the libertarian Old Right and the New Left in the 1960s , the meeting in DC represented the first real attempt at a Left - Right antiwar coalition since the America First Committee seventy years ago .
The conference brought together a relatively small number of journalists , activists , intellectuals , and students .
One thing lacking was politicians .
Or , perhaps I should say statesmen if we ’re talking about the “ good guys . ”
There were no elected leaders .
That ’s okay for the time being , but if we hope to be successful in the long run in creating an effective coalition to stop war and dismantle empire , we will have to bring politicians on board .
We need to have someone in Washington listening to us when we speak from the hinterland .
Folks with a forum who can amplify our message .
People with power who can translate our concerns into legislation .
It is not wise to put all of our eggs in one basket by concentrating on presidential races .
A run for the White House can raise a standard under which citizens from across the land can assemble .
This is useful .
But it is unrealistic to think that either major party is going to be captured in the short run via a national nominating convention , or that a third party will capture the presidency itself .
Congress is less glamorous and obviously the branch has abdicated much of its power to the de facto emperor , but individual legislators can still play an important defensive role in the struggle against empire .
Cicero and his allies did it in ancient Rome .
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Charles Sumner ( R - MA ) was instrumental in killing U.S. Grant ’s plan to annex Santo Domingo in 1870 .
In the run-up to World War I entry , House Majority Leader Claude Kitchin ( D - NC ) and Senate FRC Chairman William Stone ( D - MO ) worked with ex-Secretary of State Bryan to prevent war .
There were many self - styled liberals and conservatives , on both sides of the aisle , who worked to stop World War II entry , including Senators William Borah ( ID ) ( ranking Republican on the FRC ) , Hiram Johnson ( CA ) ( running mate of TR in 1912 and Borah ’s successor as senior Republican on the FRC ) , Robert La Follette Jr. ( WI ) ( son of Fighting Bob ) , Charles McNary ( OR ) ( 1940 vice presidential nominee ) , Arthur Capper ( KS ) , Henrik Shipstead ( MN ) , Ernest Lundeen ( MN ) , Gerald Nye ( ND ) , Lynn Frazier ( ND ) , and William Langer ( ND ) .
That was just the liberal GOP contingent in the upper chamber !
We could also think of conservative Republicans such as Senator Robert Taft ( OH ) and Representatives Howard Buffett ( NE ) ( father of Warren ) , Hamilton Fish ( NY ) , B. Carroll Reece ( TN ) , H.R. Gross ( IA ) , George Bender ( OH ) , and Henry Dworshak ( ID ) .
Liberal Democrats who were anti-war included Senators Key Pittman ( NV ) ( chairman of the FRC ) , Burton Wheeler ( MT ) ( running mate of LF in 1924 ) , David Walsh ( MA ) , Bennett Champ Clark ( MO ) , Edwin Johnson ( CO ) , Morris Sheppard ( TX ) , and Homer Bone ( WA ) .
Where are the Borahs and Johnsons , Wheelers and Clarks , and all the rest , in the U.S. Senate today ?
There ’s Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) , Jim Webb ( D - VA ) , Jon Tester ( D - MT ) , and Bernie Sanders ( I - VT ) .
That ’s about it .
They are good but they are backbenchers .
None chair relevant committees .
The most sincerely conservative Republicans — Tom Coburn ( OK ) , Jim DeMint ( SC ) , David Vitter ( LA ) , and Jim Bunning ( KY ) — are hawks .
Chuck Grassley ( IA ) was one of two Republicans , along with Mark Hatfield ( OR ) , to vote against the Persian Gulf War , but unfortunately Grassley backs the current wars .
There ’s a handful of anti-war Republicans in the House , led by the incomparable Ron Paul ( TX ) and including Walter Jones ( NC ) and Jimmy Duncan ( TN ) .
There are more anti-war Democrats , from Dennis Kucinich ( OH ) to Barbara Lee ( CA ) , but many pull their punches when a Democrat is the commander in chief .
Kucinich ’s March 10 , 2010 resolution directing the president to remove U.S. armed forces from Afghanistan was defeated 65 -356 .
A paltry five Republicans voted Yea .
Although 60 Democrats supported it , three times more were opposed .
We need a Senator Rand Paul ( R - KY ? ) , a Senator John Hostettler ( R - IN ? ) , and dozens more like them in Congress .
Liberals , conservatives , Democrats , Republicans .
Maybe even a Green , Libertarian , or Constitution party member .
For a successful coalition , we need people + power , grassroots + government , pressure from below + action from above .
As for We the People , at some point we have to get off our front porches , or stop being transfixed by our screens , in order to recover our republic .
This is never easy .
The decline of social interaction and civic engagement by Americans during the past sixty years makes it even more difficult .
But it is possible .
The coalition needs a narrow focus .
Divisive issues briefly raised their heads at the conference in DC .
Things like campaign finance reform , same - sex marriage , abortion , and tea partiers .
That way lies destruction .
The message of the coalition should be broad in the sense that it deals with the bipartisan foundation of U.S. foreign policy .
Opposition to empire is better than opposition to war because the problem is not a specific war started by a specific president of a specific party .
It is a systemic tendency toward war for the sake of empire maintenance .
You could compare it to an alcoholic : the specific bout of drinking - to - excess is less important than the alcoholism itself .
We must get to the root of the problem , and do it in a way that does not come off as unpatriotic , kooky , or partisan .
That ’s as broad as we should get .
Beyond that , all other issues should be set aside .
Coalition members are free to think and do as they please on their own time , but they should not produce divisions within the movement over non-relevant issues .
For me , the CPAC victory of Ron Paul was an unexpected ray of sunshine in Washington .
The Across - the - Spectrum conference was a second ray .
We still have to move beyond discussion to action .
We need to have lots more people join us under the “ Come Home , America ” tent as we work toward building a mass movement with friends in Washington .
It ’s easy to be cynical , considering past failures .
It would be easy to be discouraged by the daunting odds .
But , as Kevin Zeese puts it , “ This is a long - term , not short - term , effort that should be measured in years , not in months . ”
We all encounter moments when we feel like asking players this question because one or more of them is trying to delegate or change the way we DM , or the way other characters play .
For such issues there are a few references in the DM ’s guide , entitled “ Problem Players ” , in 4E DM ’s guide it ’s on page 32 , for 3.0 it ’s “ Keeping Game Balance ” on page 10 .
But , for some extra tips and clarifications , I ’m going to go through some ideas , personal experiences , and tips outside of the DM ’s guide and inside so we can cover almost any aspect of “ Problem Players . ”
Since every group has one , and every group knows who the problem player is ; if you happen to think EVERYONE else is doing it wrong ; chances are they think you are the problem player .
I do n’t know all the rules , or I do n’t agree with everything .
What should I do ?
Not knowing all the rules is okay , there are a lot of rules in DnD !
The books specifically tell us that the main core rulebooks override any other rules if there is any question .
A specific rule overrides a vague rule , unless the DM chooses a different route .
The DM is ‘ ultima Omega ’ when you sit down at look to him to tell you the story , it ’s his rules .
When an author writes a book , you as a reader do n’t go to the author and tell him that his race is wrong , and could not logically exist .
The DM makes the ultimate decision , but as a DM you must also know when to admit you are wrong and to work with your players .
The DM ’s guides give us helpful tips on how to change rules , or that if there is an issue , to solve it temporarily and go in later after the sessions or at a good stopping point to discuss it .
It also states that you can have one person looking up something while the game continues on ; the most important thing here is to keep your players interested , keep them in the game .
If people ‘ get smart ’ and tell you that you ca n’t change the rules since this is Dungeons and Dragons and you did n’t create it , tell them they are now playing “ My Basement and Dragons ” and to chill out and enjoy the story .
When we assume the role of “ story teller ” , the normal rules wo n’t always agree with your situation .
I ’ve found myself mixing rules because you enter a new world , a new place , and new mechanics .
If you are in an upside down world where fish breathe out of water and humans have solar gills that collect sunlight in the day and store it at night in a sort of hibernation stasis where they do n’t have to actually breathe , the rules might be slightly different in this world than in the PC ’s normal book - crunching math - grinding logic - based generic fantasy world .
The book constantly stresses imagination , “ winging it ” , creating stories , etc .
This is not a damn video game !
There is no set system of mechanics unless the DM states so , but the DM must also have a sense of order and neutrality .
As DM you are a world , you are what works in the world , you must have a thousand faces with a thousand different histories and a million different rules .
Plan to take time before the game to specify certain rules , in and out of game .
These rules will determine how serious the game will be .
In my group , cell phones and texting is completely prohibited unless for emergency purposes , we like to get into the game .
Laptops have been mostly banned due to the fact people will not focus on the game and will be playing with other things while the rest of us are trying to escape our monotonous lives .
Explain to PC ’s your rules , if they do n’t like it they can sit out and wait for the next DM later on .
We also have a sit - in rule .
Since we run DnD a little different than the average Joe , new players just ‘ sit in ’ for their first session .
If they like what they see they can join in the next game .
Players need to have not only respect for their DM , but trust .
They need to trust that the DM wo n’t frequently rule unjustly .
If you are uncertain , roll a die to have an extremely neutral outcome and do n’t let anyone sway you otherwise .
Sometimes , when we are unsure if we want a player to do something we say “ Call high or low ” , and roll a D6 — thus if we roll high , and he said high , then it works within his favor .
And sometimes , I must admit , we roll behind the screen and - lie - .
Yes , I said it - lie - .
Sometimes the players need to feel justification or like everything is randomized or neutral , and sometimes it ca n’t work that way .
That ’s the kind of attitude players need to accept , so rolling behind your screen while you are thinking or deciding , sometimes helps ease the players ’ minds because they do n’t think you are being unjust — since you rolled the dice , you must deciding based off of the numbers !
Sometimes , that is n’t always the case .
It ’s useful to develop a subtle dice roll trick that you train in private so that you can control the result .
It needs to be convincing since nobody will respect you as a DM if it looks like you ’re rolling the dice to ‘ rig ’ the result , but it ’s not hard to do and in a stressful situation you can do it quickly without anybody noticing .
Taking a player aside between sessions can also be very helpful , ask him what their problem is , and why they ca n’t cooperate or get along , ask them politely if there would be something that would allow them to quietly ‘ pipe down ’ while others are playing .
See if you can make him or her happy so you do n’t risk losing the player and avoid a bad climate in your group .
Sometimes you encounter a player who hates roleplaying and is only there for level grinding , others only like roleplaying , and some like a good mix of both .
Try to satisfy every need , and if someone is unhappy about a situation they are in tell them they do n’t have to participate ; they follow the group throughout the whole experience and do n’t have to do a thing but quiet down , though perhaps in such a situation they are not rewarded any experience since they did not participate .
Remind players that everything has a consequence .
If a player refuses to participate with who you want to participate , let them get injured or die or whatever other unfortunate possibility you had planned .
Do not be soft on them , they made their decision .
Going too soft will open the doors to more abuse and the other players wo n’t respect you for ‘ going soft ’ on somebody who needs a kick in the rear .
Too many people take the game play personally ; it is supposed to be fun , but it is STILL A GAME .
As the DM , it is YOUR game .
Establish this criteria before the game begins .
Having conversations with the players on what they think is fair or not can also be healthy , though sometimes you completely disagree — this tends to happen .
In such cases be respectful to everyone ’s opinions and take into note if you are being fair or not .
Sometimes it simply wo n’t be fair and you ’ll just have to respectfully swallow it .
It is a game .
I like to stick with the rules !
I do n’t like people deviating !
Fantastic , the rules are made for a reason and are there for mediating and ensuring a fair game .
So , when you DM you let everyone know that if it ’s in the book , it ’s the way it is !
But remember , when you are not DM it ’s not your game and not your decision , you do n’t make it more fun for anyone by complaining , you are just stalling the game and making it harder .
Sometimes , players who are complaining or throwing insults or constantly trying to control a situation do n’t have control in their own lives so they seek it out in their gaming group .
In these cases it ’s good to give them some amount of special control or unique responsibility in the game to keep them from bursting out .
Sometimes these players are just rude — and sometimes , they do n’t realize what they are doing .
Talk to them about it in private , always being considerate with your choice of words .
If they still choose not to listen , subtle reminders during play or before the game about how this is your world , your rules .
“ My Basement and Dragons ” .
Remember ?
There are some fun things we ’ve included in our group at times , something similar to the “ Swear jar ” , but instead it was the “ Throwing dice jar ” .
If ever a player threw dice , he ’d have to put a quarter or some amount of change into the jar .
( Of course , we usually ended up buying pizza with the change later on , but shhh ..)
Throwing dice is UNACCEPTABLE behavior and is just downright childish .
If you are so angry you want to throw things , maybe you should be considerate enough to ask for a moment alone outside .
If you notice someone acting this way , you could invite them to step outside for a few to ‘ cool off ’ or invite the entire group to ‘ take five ’ so you wo n’t have to single that person out .
I ’ve tried everything !
I ’m to the point of giving up !
Ahh yes , sometimes we all must admit when a situation is helpless .
And sometimes , it is hopeless .
In this case , you NEED to stand up for your group and decide what is best for your game , sometimes we have personal ties to the person but as a DM you must stay neutral for your group .
I ’ve had this situation before where a member caused nothing but drama , we continued to confront him and tried various methods to make gaming better .
It never ceased to be an issue , however , until finally we set a firm rule , one he disagreed so strongly against that he refused to show up and even cut the ties of friendship .
This was hard , as I was helping another DM and this DM had been friends with him for nine years , and he allowed a game to interfere since he did not like the rules the DM set in place .
He showed his ‘ true colors ’ and immaturity , and although it was no easy task to set and enforce a firm line , it had to be done for the sake of peace .
This was no easy task and I ’m not telling you to “ break friendships ” over the game , but sometimes it ’s not the game that they have issues with .
It ’s often the people and the cooperation and the out - of - game experiences that they are fuming over .
There comes a point where every DM must make a hard decision , and the other players are counting on you to make the right one .
Staying neutral and logical is the best thing any DM can do when it comes to a troublesome player 99 % of the time .
Do not get emotionally involved in their temper tantrums or their head games — that ’s all it is .
So , I hope this helps a little bit and remember there are even more tips and tricks in the DM ’s guides specified before .
Just remember you are the DM , you make the rules , you decide the end result ; and remember to be fair , just , and work with your players , not against them .
Clearly establish any additional rules before beginning the game , and if the entire group disagrees , perhaps you should reconsider what you are putting into play .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
In January 1968 , the US Navy electronic surveillance ship USS Pueblo was quietly lurking off the east coast of North Korea , its assorted antennae pricked to absorb any kind of interesting electronic transmissions .
There was little doubt that the North Koreans would cease any intelligence - worthy communications if they learned that the “ environmental research ” ship was eavesdropping , so the Pueblo ’s crew operated under radio silence to avoid detection .
Nevertheless , there was surprisingly little for the sophisticated electronics to observe ; in terms of signals , Soviet - friendly Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) was uncharacteristically quiet .
With so little information to pore over , the only interruption in the monotony was the occasional task of chipping the thick frosting of ice from the deck .
But on 22 January , something out of the ordinary happened .
Two gray fishing trawlers spotted the Pueblo and circled her for a time , clearly agitated despite the fact that the US Navy ship was in international waters .
There seemed to be little cause for concern , however , since such encounters were not unheard of .
The trawlers departed without incident , so Commander Lloyd Bucher reported the episode and continued with his mission .
Had the shore - side Navy personnel informed the Commander of the goings - on in Korea in the hours leading up to the event , he may have reconsidered his decision to remain so close to the edge of Korean territorial waters .
The previous evening , thirty - one North Korean operatives had secretly crossed the the demilitarized zone ( DMZ ) into South Korea .
Clad in South Korean military uniforms , the commandos were within a block of their target⁠ — the Presidential Palace⁠ — before being detected .
In the ensuing gunfight , twenty - nine of the would - be assassins were killed and one committed suicide .
The single surviving prisoner was questioned , where he revealed that his mission had been to murder President Park and other senior government officials .
Unaware of the troubles onshore , the Pueblo began what was scheduled to be the final day of monitoring .
The day was uneventful until lunchtime , when the crew ’s meal was interrupted by a report of a North Korean warship advancing upon them at high speed .
The patrol vessel approached at forty knots , and as it grew near it raised signal flags to demand that the Pueblo identify its nationality .
Unease grew as the crew realized that the intercepting vessel was at battle stations .
Commander Bucher verified by radar that his ship was indeed further than twelve nautical miles from shore , and therefore in international waters .
The crew hoisted the American flag in response as three torpedo boats were spotted approaching from the coast .
A staged surrender
The signal - flag conversation led to an alarming message from the DPRK patrol boat : HEAVE TO OR I WILL FIRE .
Two MiG fighters buzzed the Pueblo , and two additional warships were sighted on the horizon , approaching fast .
Bucher gave orders to make for the open sea .
As a torpedo boat attempted to pull alongside , Pueblo ’s pilot maneuvered the ship to prevent an armed group of soldiers from boarding .
Retreat was the crew ’s only option ; her weapons were sealed under a thick layer of winter ice .
In response to her distress call the Naval Security Group in Japan promised to send fighters .
The Pueblo vainly attempted to outrun the smaller , faster warships , but the DPRK ships gave chase , and shortly opened fire .
A hail of 57 mm explosive rounds peppered the US Navy ship as she maneuvered away , and one of the pursuers opened a torpedo tube to prepare to fire .
After a brief chase , Commander Bucher accepted the hopelessness of escape and gave the order to begin destroying all sensitive documents and equipment .
The ship came to halt as crew members frantically loaded the incinerator with documents , threw materials over the side , and smashed equipment with hammers .
The task was daunting , however , as the spy vessel had been furnished with a great deal of highly sensitive materials .
In order to prevent further attacks , Commander Bucher complied with the attacker ’s signal to follow them back towards the shore .
The DPRK vessels fired upon the Pueblo again when she stopped just outside of the Korean territorial waters .
Seaman Duane Hodges was mortally wounded in the attack , and several others were injured as they stood on the deck and flung materials into the sea .
Without assistance , and unable to respond to the aggression with due violence , Commander Bucher had no choice but to order that they continue .
Shortly after leaving international waters , the Pueblo was boarded .
High - ranking North Korean officials were among those who seized the ship , overseeing the capture as the Pueblo ’s crew were bound , blindfolded , and beaten .
When the ship arrived at the dock in Wonsan , the eighty - three American prisoners were paraded off the ship to the cheers of a gathered crowd .
The promised support fighters never arrived .
The United States responded to the events by amassing a Naval Task Force in the Sea of Japan .
They demanded the return of the Pueblo and her crew , but the DPRK government refused to comply .
Despite the provocation , the US military knew that a daring plan to storm the North Korean docks had a dismal likelihood chance of success .
There was little doubt that the crew would be executed immediately in the event of an attack , and the DPRK ’s Communist allies would almost certainly rise to defend their sister country .
Though contingency plans included the use of military force , it was ruled out as means to recover the crew alive .
President Johnson begrudgingly ordered that no strike take place as he explored diplomatic solutions .
Over the following weeks the military stalemate was punctuated by a series of photos , films , and letters depicting the crew of the Pueblo enjoying their comfortable stay in North Korea .
On the surface , these communications seemed to indicate that the crew had willingly defected to the DPRK , but they contained numerous oddities .
In letters home the crew members spoke of events which had never occurred , they used archaic words in their press conferences , and they appeared in a curiously large number of the photographs with their middle fingers extended to the cameraman .
A crew member flashing the ' Hawaiian good luck sign '
Unaware of these secret signals , the North Korean captors continued to threaten , torture , and coerce the crew members to prompt them to cooperate .
They rehearsed staged press conferences and posed for photographs .
In order to spare his youngest crew member from execution , Commander Bucher also agreed to sign a confession stating that the Pueblo had been in North Korean territorial waters at the time of the attack .
All the while the men continued to subtly use “ the finger ” to signal to the US that the photos were staged propaganda .
The North Koreans were unfamiliar with the western gesture , though after it appeared in many photos they asked the Americans about it .
The Pueblo ’s crew had agreed in advance to describe it as the “ Hawaiian good luck sign , ” and their captors seemed to accept that explanation .
While in captivity the prisoners were regularly beaten , with little hope of rescue .
They were subjected to ridiculous lessons on the North Koreans ’ version of US history which depicted the country as it was in the late 1800s .
The were smothered in propaganda propping up the “ Glorious Fatherland ” in contrast to the “ cowardly US imperialistic aggressors . ”
In October 1968 , Time magazine published a photo of the prisoners displaying their Hawaiian good luck sign , and from the photo ’s caption the DPRK military learned that the gesture was one of “ obscene derisiveness and contempt . ”
This discovery infuriated the North Korean captors , bringing about a period of beatings which came to be known as “ Hell week . ”
During a seven day period , every member of the crew was brutally tortured in reprisal .
On 22 December the men were told that the US had decided to apologize for the Pueblo ’s reckless trespass into DPRK waters , and that the men of the Pueblo ’s crew were to be freed .
Fearing a ruse designed to demoralize them , the men had little hope of being released .
The following day they boarded a train which transported them to the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea , at which point they disembarked .
After eleven months of captivity , the eighty - two surviving men walked across the Bridge of no Return which spanned the border of the DMZ , and met with US forces on the other side .
In order to expedite the prisoners ’ release , the US had provided North Korea with a written admission that the ship had been spying , as well as an official apology .
Once the crew members were secured , however , they quickly retracted the admission and apology .
The crew of the Pueblo were promptly flown back to the US , where they were met with their families and a cheering crowd of flag - waving supporters .
Commander Bucher and his crew appeared before a Navy Court of Inquiry regarding the Pueblo matter , and after extensive testimony a court martial was recommended for himself and the Officer in Charge of the Research Department , Lt. Steve Harris .
Upon hearing this news the Secretary of the Navy rejected the notion outright , stating , “ They have suffered enough . ”
A guided tour of the USS Pueblo
Today the USS Pueblo still resides in North Korea , where it is celebrated as one of the county ’s most popular tourist attractions .
Guided tours are offered which describe the DPRK version of the events .
A North Korean website summarizes the story as follows :
“ In January Juche 57 ( 1968 ) the navy of the Korean People ’s Army captured the US imperialist armed spy ship Pueblo in the very act of espionage in the territorial waters of Korea .
Like a thief raising a hue and cry , the US imperialists raved about “ reprisals , ” and ordered out many war vessels including a nuclear aircraft carrier and aircraft , bringing the situation to the brink of war .
Kim Il Sung denounced the US moves as a shameless aggressive act that would threaten peace and security of the DPRK and its people , and clarified the principled stand that the Korean people would retaliate for “ retaliation ” and return all - out war for all - out war .
Alarmed by Kim Il Sung ’s resolute stand and the unyielding fighting will and indestructible strength of the Korean people who were rallied closely around their leader Kim Il Sung , the US imperialists signed a letter of apology , recognizing their aggressive act in the eyes of the world and guaranteeing that no US warship would intrude into the territorial waters of the DPRK again . ”
Though at the time the US downplayed the intelligence loss suffered , it is generally believed that the Pueblo ’s secrets were of significant value to the Soviets .
There are some indications that the Russian government had urged the North Korean military to seize a US spy vessel in order to provide them with American secrets .
They had been lagging 3 - 5 years behind in communications technology , but after reverse - engineering the US equipment and code books the Soviets made dramatic improvements to their systems .
As of this writing ( late 2006 ) , many members of the Pueblo crew still survive , though Commander Bucher died in 2004 , due in part to injuries sustained while in captivity .
The USS Pueblo Veteran ’s Association maintains a website which shares the personal accounts of many of those who suffered torture while remaining resolute and defiant .
To this day , the USS Pueblo remains at the North Korean capital of Pyongyang , though it is still considered a commissioned ship in the US Navy .
A week ago Ron Paul asked Ben Bernanke a series of questions , which the Chairman and pundits immediately dismissed as " bizarre " and an indication that the potential presidential candidate has finally lost it ( among these was a very nuanced question whether or not the Fed is buying sovereign debt , something which Bernanke disclosed in 2002 is a distinct possibility and an action the Fed is permitted to do ) .
Chief among these were queries arising from the work of U of T professor Robert Auerbach , and specifically his book " Deception and Abuse at the Fed " ( not available on Kindle ) , which seek information on whether the Fed was involved in the Watergate scandal and , subsequently , in Iraqi weapons purchases .
Well , Paul may not be as kooky as people are trying to make him out to be .
None other than " consumer protection advocate " Barney Frank has demanded that Bernanke do a full probe based on these allegations .
Bloomberg reports :
Representative Ron Paul asked questions about “ inappropriate political interference ” and “ hidden transfers of resources ” during a Feb. 24 hearing with Bernanke , and the allegations “ must be fully investigated , ” Frank said in a letter today to Bernanke and obtained by Bloomberg News .
Frank , 69 , said the Fed must address the charges because “ continued concern about political interference ” with the Fed and “ allegations about a lack of transparency . ”
Bernanke and other Fed officials are trying to fend off a measure offered by Paul , which passed the House in December , that would open the Fed to audits of interest - rate decisions .
“ These specific allegations you ’ve made I think are absolutely bizarre , and I have absolutely no knowledge of anything remotely like what you just described , ” Bernanke told Paul , a Texas Republican who wrote the 2009 book “ End the Fed , ” during last week ’s hearing .
Some more on Professor Auerbach 's background , which lends substantial credibility to his allegations :
Auerbach worked for Henry Gonzalez , a former chairman of the House committee who died in 2000 and investigated the sale of U.S. arms to Iraq in the 1980s , before the Gulf War .
Gonzalez said the Fed and other agencies initially tried to block his probe , according to a 1992 New York Times article .
Fed bank examiners in Atlanta failed to note $ 5.5 billion being funneled to Iraq from a local branch of an Italian bank , Auerbach , a critic of the central bank and former congressional economist , said in his book .
“ The Federal Reserve ’s ability to manage monetary policy in an effective manner depends , in large part , on its reputation for independence and integrity , ” Frank , a Massachusetts Democrat , said in the letter .
“ A complete investigation of these charges is necessary to maintain both . ”
We can't wait just how deep this particular rabbit hole ends up going , although we will be extremely shocked if the Fed ends up finding absolutely nothing implicating it in any new illegal ( and treasonous ) activity .
Luckily , the Fed is perfectly transparent , so the general population can do a parallel query on its own .
Oh wait ...
Great Minds Think Alike .
A few weeks back , I called Omar Hauksson , and I said “ I want to do a Zombie Jesus print for Easter .
Do you want to create the image ? ”
And Omar said - “ I already have one made . ”
That means this print was …destiny .
Romero 3:16 is a 16 × 22 silkscreen print , in a hand - numbered edition of 150 , and is in hand and ready to ship in time for you to have in your undead hands in time for the most blessed of holidays - ZOMBIE JESUS DAY !
Brought to you by the Monroeville Serigraph Company of 1976 !
( I heard they have a great mall in Monroeville … Google it ! )
Available now in the NAKATOMI STORE !
And while you ’re at it , we only have a small amount of Omar ’s “ Just say No to the Bollocks ! ” Sid and Nancy Reagan print left !
- alex fugazi
… but remember , fools seldom differ .
2021 Event Date will be announced soon .
****************************************************************************
Welcome to the Tour of the Unknown Coast !
For over forty years , we ’ve been welcoming cyclists of all ages and abilities to join us for a day of fun and fellowship on two wheels in Humboldt County , CA .
You can choose your own adventure from our selection of routes , including the classic Tour of the Unknown Coast century ride , our new Avenue of the Giants century ride , a 100 K ride , a 50 mile ride , a 22 mile ride and a 10 mile family ride .
Please send an email to tourunknowncoast@gmail.com to be placed on our mailing list .
You can also follow us on Facebook for more updates .
All day long , the Rational Online Community has poured in the obvious support since the great news well back at the crack of dawn .
And in the night time stage of this 1st day of March , the big unions are ready to going in on the fight against the establishment , which includes the White House .
They , like everyone else , are sick of Lincoln :
The backing of the AFL - CIO is an important one for any Democrat .
For Halter , it signals that the unions are prepared to put their money where their mouth has been for almost a year now when it comes to Lincoln .
When Lincoln came out against the " card check " provision in the Employee Free Choice Act , unions balked and threatened to fight her .
Now it seems
Halter has given them their chance .
I guess Lincoln will now consider the AFL - CIO " extremists " with their decision that she knew all along was coming to her .
Seeing someone being dumped is n't always a pleasant sight .
But in this case , I know I am not the only one who does n't mind at all seeing Lincoln get dumped .
And it will be lovely if the Democratic voters in her state dump her like the AFL - CIO did today .
And it will be certainly lovely if she gets dumped out of the Senate by Mr. Halter .
( And just to note :
In that TPM article , it is interesting to note that the SEIU , while an ardent supporter of Halter , did n't go out and endorse .
But they give a good explanation why if you want to read .
From TWD , goodnight . )
( And , as always folks , thank you for even reading . )
As a lifelong atheist I abhor beliefs that are not based on rationality .
John Fowles wrote in Aristos , “ I live in hazard and infinity .
The cosmos stretches around me , reach on reach of dark space where there is no particular concern or particular mercy . ”
Some find that picture frightening .
Yet I have found grandeur in the rational naturalistic view of life .
It has given me no beliefs but it has provided me with rich convictions , understandings that are based on evidence .
I see the universe so integrated and complex , so full of realized and unrealized potential , that I am awestruck by its beauty .
I am convinced that the world we experience is the only world there is and to learn to understand it is our primary business in the cosmos .
I am convinced that the human intellect is nature ’s finest product and the things of the mind like Truth , Goodness , Beauty , Justice and Love come into this world only as we put them there .
And although those ideas are never completely realized they are the goals that give direction and meaning to my existence .
I do not believe there is cosmic current guiding us .
But we do not drift .
The rational mind can perceive the distant good looming larger than the present pleasure and can knowingly alter course .
It can steer to a morality based not on fear or reward but based on the knowledge that value resides in the preservation of life in all its forms .
I am convinced that a rational morality affirms as right those actions that enhance and enrich life .
Knowing that each person I meet faces the same sorrows that have rocked my life I can only summon compassion and sympathetic understanding for my fellow traveler .
The fact that nature makes no special dispensation for humans does not bother me .
I would rather have a universe under the rule of natural law than under a changeable governing power that could be persuaded by human supplications .
I am pleased to be free of an authority that would command me .
Lastly , I am convinced the good life is not in scattered moments of felt delight nor in the possession of things but in the fullest possible realization of human reason , in feeling the beauty of the whole and seeing in children the flowers of our living .
I find the good life entwined within my lover ’s arms and in my freedom of thought and choice .
I declare that this world is all there is – and it is enough – and it is wonderful .
Donate
If you enjoyed this essay , please consider making a tax - deductible contribution to This I Believe , Inc .
NAME
perl5120delta - what is new for perl v5.12.0
DESCRIPTION
This document describes differences between the 5.10.0 release and the 5.12.0 release .
Many of the bug fixes in 5.12.0 are already included in the 5.10.1 maintenance release .
You can see the list of those changes in the 5.10.1 release notes ( perl5101delta ) .
Core Enhancements
New package NAME VERSION syntax
This new syntax allows a module author to set the $ VERSION of a namespace when the namespace is declared with ' package ' .
It eliminates the need for our $ VERSION = ... and similar constructs .
E.g .
package Foo:: Bar 1.23 ; # $ Foo : : Bar:: VERSION == 1.23
There are several advantages to this :
$ VERSION is parsed in exactly the same way as use NAME VERSION
$ VERSION is set at compile time
$ VERSION is a version object that provides proper overloading of comparison operators so comparing $ VERSION to decimal ( 1.23 ) or dotted - decimal ( v1.2.3 ) version numbers works correctly .
Eliminates $ VERSION = ... and eval $ VERSION clutter
As it requires VERSION to be a numeric literal or v-string literal , it can be statically parsed by toolchain modules without eval the way MM -> parse_version does for $ VERSION = ...
It does not break old code with only package NAME , but code that uses package NAME VERSION will need to be restricted to perl 5.12.0 or newer
This is analogous to the change to open from two - args to three - args .
Users requiring the latest
Perl will benefit , and perhaps after several years , it will become a standard practice .
However , package NAME VERSION requires a new , ' strict ' version number format .
See " Version number formats " for details .
The ... operator
A new operator , ... , nicknamed the Yada Yada operator , has been added .
It is intended to mark placeholder code that is not yet implemented .
See " Yada Yada Operator " in perlop .
Implicit strictures
Using the use VERSION syntax with a version number greater or equal to 5.11.0 will lexically enable strictures just like use strict would do ( in addition to enabling features . )
The following :
use 5.12.0 ;
means :
use strict ; use feature ': 5.12 ' ;
Unicode improvements
Perl 5.12 comes with Unicode 5.2 , the latest version available to us at the time of release .
This version of Unicode was released in October 2009 .
See http://www.unicode.org/versions/Unicode5.2.0 for further details about what 's changed in this version of the standard .
See perlunicode for instructions on installing and using other versions of Unicode .
Additionally , Perl 's developers have significantly improved Perl 's Unicode implementation .
For full details , see " Unicode overhaul " below .
Y2038 compliance
Perl 's core time - related functions are now Y2038 compliant .
( It may not mean much to you , but your kids will love it ! )
qr overloading
It is now possible to overload the qr// operator , that is , conversion to regexp , like it was already possible to overload conversion to boolean , string or number of objects .
It is invoked when an object appears on the right hand side of the =~ operator or when it is interpolated into a regexp .
See overload .
Pluggable keywords
Extension modules can now cleanly hook into the Perl parser to define new kinds of keyword - headed expression and compound statement .
The syntax following the keyword is defined entirely by the extension .
This allow a completely non-Perl sublanguage to be parsed inline , with the correct ops cleanly generated .
See " PL_keyword_plugin " in perlapi for the mechanism .
The Perl core source distribution also includes a new module XS ::APItest :: KeywordRPN , which implements reverse Polish notation arithmetic via pluggable keywords .
This module is mainly used for test purposes , and is not normally installed , but also serves as an example of how to use the new mechanism .
Perl 's developers consider this feature to be experimental .
We may remove it or change it in a backwards - incompatible way in Perl 5.14 .
APIs for more internals
The lowest layers of the lexer and parts of the pad system now have C APIs available to XS extensions .
These are necessary to support proper use of pluggable keywords , but have other uses too .
The new APIs are experimental , and only cover a small proportion of what would be necessary to take full advantage of the core 's facilities in these areas .
It is intended that the Perl 5.13 development cycle will see the addition of a full range of clean , supported interfaces .
Perl 's developers consider this feature to be experimental .
We may remove it or change it in a backwards - incompatible way in Perl 5.14 .
Overridable function lookup
Where an extension module hooks the creation of rv2cv ops to modify the subroutine lookup process , this now works correctly for bareword subroutine calls .
This means that prototypes on subroutines referenced this way will be processed correctly .
( Previously bareword subroutine names were initially looked up , for parsing purposes , by an unhookable mechanism , so extensions could only properly influence subroutine names that appeared with an & sigil . )
A proper interface for pluggable Method Resolution Orders
As of Perl 5.12.0 there is a new interface for plugging and using method resolution orders other than the default linear depth first search .
The C3 method resolution order added in 5.10.0 has been re-implemented as a plugin , without changing its Perl - space interface .
See perlmroapi for more information .
\ N experimental regex escape
Perl now supports \ N , a new regex escape which you can think of as the inverse of
.
It will match any character that is not a newline , independently from the presence or absence of the single line match modifier /s .
It is not usable within a character class .
\ N{3} means to match 3 non-newlines ; \ N{5 , } means to match at least 5 .
\N{NAME} still means the character or sequence named NAME , but NAME no longer can be things like 3 , or 5 , .
This will break a custom charnames translator which allows numbers for character names , as \ N{3} will now mean to match 3 non-newline characters , and not the character whose name is 3 .
( No name defined by the Unicode standard is a number , so only custom translators might be affected . )
Perl 's developers are somewhat concerned about possible user confusion with the existing \ N{...} construct which matches characters by their Unicode name .
Consequently , this feature is experimental .
We may remove it or change it in a backwards - incompatible way in Perl 5.14 .
DTrace support
Perl now has some support for DTrace .
See " DTrace support " in INSTALL .
Support for configure_requires in CPAN module metadata
Both CPAN and CPANPLUS now support the configure_requires keyword in the META . yml metadata file included in most recent CPAN distributions .
This allows distribution authors to specify configuration prerequisites that must be installed before running Makefile .
PL or Build .
PL .
See the documentation for ExtUtils : : MakeMaker or Module : : Build for more on how to specify configure_requires when creating a distribution for CPAN .
each is now more flexible
The each function can now operate on arrays .
when as a statement modifier
when is now allowed to be used as a statement modifier .
$ , flexibility
The variable $ , may now be tied .
// in when clauses
// now behaves like || in when clauses
Enabling warnings from your shell environment
You can now set - W from the PERL5OPT environment variable
delete local
delete local now allows you to locally delete a hash entry .
New support for Abstract namespace sockets
Abstract namespace sockets are Linux - specific socket type that live in AF_UNIX family , slightly abusing it to be able to use arbitrary character arrays as addresses :
They start with nul byte and are not terminated by nul byte , but with the length passed to the socket ( ) system call .
32 - bit limit on substr arguments removed
The 32 - bit limit on substr arguments has now been removed .
The full range of the system 's signed and unsigned integers is now available for the pos and len arguments .
Potentially Incompatible Changes
Deprecations warn by default
Over the years ,
Perl 's developers have deprecated a number of language features for a variety of reasons .
Perl now defaults to issuing a warning if a deprecated language feature is used .
Many of the deprecations
Perl now warns you about have been deprecated for many years .
You can find a list of what was deprecated in a given release of Perl in the perl5xxdelta. pod file for that release .
To disable this feature in a given lexical scope , you should use no warnings ' deprecated ' ;
For information about which language features are deprecated and explanations of various deprecation warnings , please see perldiag .pod .
See " Deprecations " below for the list of features and modules Perl 's developers have deprecated as part of this release .
Version number formats
Acceptable version number formats have been formalized into " strict " and " lax " rules .
package NAME VERSION takes a strict version number .
UNIVERSAL ::VERSION and the version object constructors take lax version numbers .
Providing an invalid version will result in a fatal error .
The version argument in use NAME VERSION is first parsed as a numeric literal or v-string and then passed to UNIVERSAL :: VERSION ( and must then pass the " lax " format test ) .
These formats are documented fully in the version module .
To a first approximation , a " strict " version number is a positive decimal number ( integer or decimal - fraction ) without exponentiation or else a dotted - decimal v-string with a leading ' v ' character and at least three components .
A " lax " version number allows v-strings with fewer than three components or without a leading ' v ' .
Under " lax " rules , both decimal and dotted - decimal versions may have a trailing " alpha " component separated by an underscore character after a fractional or dotted - decimal component .
The version module adds version : : is_strict and version : : is_lax functions to check a scalar against these rules .
@INC reorganization
In @INC , ARCHLIB and PRIVLIB now occur after after the current version 's site_perl and vendor_perl .
Modules installed into site_perl and vendor_perl will now be loaded in preference to those installed in ARCHLIB and PRIVLIB .
REGEXPs are now first class
Internally , Perl now treates compiled regular expressions ( such as those created with qr // ) as first class entities .
Perl modules which serialize , deserialize or otherwise have deep interaction with Perl 's internal data structures need to be updated for this change .
Most affected CPAN modules have already been updated as of this writing .
Switch statement changes
The given / when switch statement handles complex statements better than Perl 5.10.0 did ( These enhancements are also available in 5.10.1 and subsequent 5.10 releases . )
There are two new cases where when now interprets its argument as a boolean , instead of an expression to be used in a smart match :
flip - flop operators
The .. and ... flip - flop operators are now evaluated in boolean context , following their usual semantics ; see " Range Operators " in perlop .
Note that , as in perl 5.10.0 , when ( 1..10 ) will not work to test whether a given value is an integer between 1 and 10 ; you should use when ( [ 1..10 ] ) instead ( note the array reference ) .
However , contrary to 5.10.0 , evaluating the flip - flop operators in boolean context ensures it can now be useful in a when ( ) , notably for implementing bistable conditions , like in : when ( / ^=begin / .. / ^=end / ) { # do something } defined - or operator A compound expression involving the defined - or operator , as in when ( expr1 // expr2 ) , will be treated as boolean if the first expression is boolean .
( This just extends the existing rule that applies to the regular or operator , as in when ( expr1 || expr2 ) . )
Smart match changes
Since Perl 5.10.0 , Perl 's developers have made a number of changes to the smart match operator .
These , of course , also alter the behaviour of the switch statements where smart matching is implicitly used .
These changes were also made for the 5.10.1 release , and will remain in subsequent 5.10 releases .
Changes to type - based dispatch
The smart match operator ~~ is no longer commutative .
The behaviour of a smart match now depends primarily on the type of its right hand argument .
Moreover , its semantics have been adjusted for greater consistency or usefulness in several cases .
While the general backwards compatibility is maintained , several changes must be noted :
Code references with an empty prototype are no longer treated specially .
They are passed an argument like the other code references ( even if they choose to ignore it ) .
% hash ~~ sub {} and @array ~~ sub {} now test that the subroutine returns a true value for each key of the hash ( or element of the array ) , instead of passing the whole hash or array as a reference to the subroutine .
Due to the commutativity breakage , code references are no longer treated specially when appearing on the left of the ~~ operator , but like any vulgar scalar .
undef ~~ %hash is always false ( since undef can't be a key in a hash ) .
No implicit conversion to " " is done ( as was the case in perl 5.10.0 ) .
$ scalar ~~ @array now always distributes the smart match across the elements of the array .
It 's true if one element in @array verifies $ scalar ~~ $ element .
This is a generalization of the old behaviour that tested whether the array contained the scalar .
The full dispatch table for the smart match operator is given in " Smart matching in detail " in perlsyn .
Smart match and overloading
According to the rule of dispatch based on the rightmost argument type , when an object overloading ~~ appears on the right side of the operator , the overload routine will always be called ( with a 3rd argument set to a true value , see overload . )
However , when the object will appear on the left , the overload routine will be called only when the rightmost argument is a simple scalar .
This way , distributivity of smart match across arrays is not broken , as well as the other behaviours with complex types ( coderefs , hashes , regexes ) .
Thus , writers of overloading routines for smart match mostly need to worry only with comparing against a scalar , and possibly with stringification overloading ; the other common cases will be automatically handled consistently .
~~ will now refuse to work on objects that do not overload it ( in order to avoid relying on the object 's underlying structure ) .
( However , if the object overloads the stringification or the numification operators , and if overload fallback is active , it will be used instead , as usual . )
Other potentially incompatible changes
The definitions of a number of Unicode properties have changed to match those of the current Unicode standard .
These are listed above under " Unicode overhaul " .
This change may break code that expects the old definitions .
The boolkeys op has moved to the group of hash ops .
This breaks binary compatibility .
Filehandles are now always blessed into IO : : File .
The previous behaviour was to bless Filehandles into FileHandle ( an empty proxy class ) if it was loaded into memory and otherwise to bless them into IO : : Handle .
The semantics of use feature : 5.10 * have changed slightly .
See " Modules and Pragmata " for more information .
Perl 's developers now use git , rather than Perforce .
This should be a purely internal change only relevant to people actively working on the core .
However , you may see minor difference in perl as a consequence of the change .
For example in some of details of the output of perl - V .
See perlrepository for more information .
As part of the Test :: Harness 2.x to 3.x upgrade , the experimental Test : : Harness : : Straps module has been removed .
See " Modules and Pragmata " for more details .
As part of the ExtUtils : : MakeMaker upgrade , the ExtUtils : : MakeMaker : : bytes and ExtUtils : : MakeMaker : : vmsish modules have been removed from this distribution .
Module : : CoreList no longer contains the % : patchlevel hash .
length undef now returns undef .
Unsupported private C API functions are now declared " static " to prevent leakage to Perl 's public API .
To support the bootstrapping process , miniperl no longer builds with UTF - 8 support in the regexp engine .
This allows a build to complete with PERL_UNICODE set and a UTF - 8 locale .
Without this there 's a bootstrapping problem , as miniperl can't load the UTF - 8 components of the regexp engine , because they 're not yet built .
miniperl 's @INC is now restricted to just - I ... , the split of $ ENV{PERL5LIB} , and " . "
A space or a newline is now required after a " #line XXX " directive .
Tied filehandles now have an additional method EOF which provides the EOF type .
To better match all other flow control statements , foreach may no longer be used as an attribute .
Perl 's command - line switch " - P " , which was deprecated in version 5.10.0 , has now been removed .
Deprecations
From time to time , Perl 's developers find it necessary to deprecate features or modules we 've previously shipped as part of the core distribution .
We are well aware of the pain and frustration that a backwards - incompatible change to Perl can cause for developers building or maintaining software in Perl .
You can be sure that when we deprecate a functionality or syntax , it is n't a choice we make lightly .
Sometimes , we choose to deprecate functionality or syntax because it was found to be poorly designed or implemented .
Sometimes , this is because they 're holding back other features or causing performance problems .
Sometimes , the reasons are more complex .
Wherever possible , we try to keep deprecated functionality available to developers in its previous form for at least one major release .
So long as a deprecated feature is n't actively disrupting our ability to maintain and extend Perl , we 'll try to leave it in place as long as possible .
The following items are now deprecated :
suidperl suidperl is no longer part of Perl .
It used to provide a mechanism to emulate setuid permission bits on systems that do n't support it properly .
Use of := to mean an empty attribute list
An accident of Perl 's parser meant that these constructions were all equivalent : my $ pi := 4 ; my $ pi : = 4 ; my $ pi : = 4 ; with the : being treated as the start of an attribute list , which ends before the = .
As whitespace is not significant here , all are parsed as an empty attribute list , hence all the above are equivalent to , and better written as my $ pi = 4 ; because no attribute processing is done for an empty list .
As is , this meant that := cannot be used as a new token , without silently changing the meaning of existing code .
Hence that particular form is now deprecated , and will become a syntax error .
If it is absolutely necessary to have empty attribute lists ( for example , because of a code generator ) then avoid the warning by adding a space before the = .
UNIVERSAL -> import ( )
The method UNIVERSAL -> import ( ) is now deprecated .
Attempting to pass import arguments to a use UNIVERSAL statement will result in a deprecation warning .
Use of " goto " to jump into a construct Using goto to jump from an outer scope into an inner scope is now deprecated .
This rare use case was causing problems in the implementation of scopes .
Custom character names in \ N{name} that do n't look like names
In \ N{name} , name can be just about anything .
The standard Unicode names have a very limited domain , but a custom name translator could create names that are , for example , made up entirely of punctuation symbols .
It is now deprecated to make names that do n't begin with an alphabetic character , and are n't alphanumeric or contain other than a very few other characters , namely spaces , dashes , parentheses and colons .
Because of the added meaning of \N ( See " \ N experimental regex escape " ) , names that look like curly brace - enclosed quantifiers wo n't work .
For example , \ N { 3,4} now means to match 3 to 4 non-newlines ; before a custom name 3,4 could have been created .
Deprecated Modules
The following modules will be removed from the core distribution in a future release , and should be installed from CPAN instead .
Distributions on CPAN which require these should add them to their prerequisites .
The core versions of these modules warnings will issue a deprecation warning .
If you ship a packaged version of Perl , either alone or as part of a larger system , then you should carefully consider the reprecussions of core module deprecations .
You may want to consider shipping your default build of Perl with packages for some or all deprecated modules which install into vendor or site perl library directories .
This will inhibit the deprecation warnings .
Alternatively , you may want to consider patching lib / deprecate.pm to provide deprecation warnings specific to your packaging system or distribution of Perl , consistent with how your packaging system or distribution manages a staged transition from a release where the installation of a single package provides the given functionality , to a later release where the system administrator needs to know to install multiple packages to get that same functionality .
You can silence these deprecation warnings by installing the modules in question from CPAN .
To install the latest version of all of them , just install Task : : Deprecations : :5_12 .
Class :: ISA Pod :: Plainer Shell Switch Switch is buggy and should be avoided .
You may find Perl 's new given / when feature a suitable replacement .
See " Switch statements " in perlsyn for more information .
Assignment to $ [ Use of the attribute : locked on subroutines Use of " locked " with the attributes pragma Use of " unique " with the attributes pragma Perl_pmflag Perl_pmflag is no longer part of Perl 's public API .
Calling it now generates a deprecation warning , and it will be removed in a future release .
Although listed as part of the API , it was never documented , and only ever used in toke.c , and prior to 5.10 , regcomp .c .
In core , it has been replaced by a static function .
Numerous Perl 4 - era libraries termcap.pl , tainted.pl , stat.pl , shellwords.pl , pwd.pl , open3.pl , open2.pl , newgetopt.pl , look.pl , find.pl , finddepth.pl , importenv.pl , hostname.pl , getopts.pl , getopt.pl , getcwd.pl , flush.pl , fastcwd.pl , exceptions.pl , ctime.pl , complete.pl , cacheout.pl , bigrat.pl , bigint.pl , bigfloat.pl , assert.pl , abbrev.pl , dotsh.pl , and timelocal .pl are all now deprecated .
Earlier , Perl 's developers intended to remove these libraries from Perl 's core for the 5.14.0 release .
During final testing before the release of 5.12.0 , several developers discovered current production code using these ancient libraries , some inside the Perl core itself .
Accordingly , the pumpking granted them a stay of execution .
They will begin to warn about their deprecation in the 5.14.0 release and will be removed in the 5.16.0 release .
Unicode overhaul
Perl 's developers have made a concerted effort to update Perl to be in sync with the latest Unicode standard .
Changes for this include :
Perl can now handle every Unicode character property .
New documentation , perluniprops , lists all available non-Unihan character properties .
By default , perl does not expose Unihan , deprecated or Unicode - internal properties .
See below for more details on these ; there is also a section in the pod listing them , and explaining why they are not exposed .
Perl now fully supports the Unicode compound - style of using = and : in writing regular expressions : \p{property=value} and \p{property : value} ( both of which mean the same thing ) .
Perl now fully supports the Unicode loose matching rules for text between the braces in \p { ...} constructs .
In addition , Perl allows underscores between digits of numbers .
Perl now accepts all the Unicode - defined synonyms for properties and property values .
qr/\X/ , which matches a Unicode logical character , has been expanded to work better with various Asian languages .
It now is defined as an extended grapheme cluster .
( See http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr29/).
Anything matched previously and that made sense will continue to be accepted .
Additionally :
\ X will not break apart a CR LF sequence .
\ X will now match a sequence which includes the ZWJ and ZWNJ characters .
\ X will now always match at least one character , including an initial mark .
Marks generally come after a base character , but it is possible in Unicode to have them in isolation , and \X will now handle that case , for example at the beginning of a line , or after a ZWSP .
And this is the part where \X does n't match the things that it used to that do n't make sense .
Formerly , for example , you could have the nonsensical case of an accented LF .
\ X will now match a ( Korean ) Hangul syllable sequence , and the Thai and Lao exception cases .
Otherwise , this change should be transparent for the non-affected languages .
\p{...} matches using the Canonical_Combining_Class property were completely broken in previous releases of Perl .
They should now work correctly .
Before Perl 5.12 , the Unicode Decomposition_Type=Compat property and a Perl extension had the same name , which led to neither matching all the correct values ( with more than 100 mistakes in one , and several thousand in the other ) .
The Perl extension has now been renamed to be Decomposition_Type=Noncanonical ( short : dt=noncanon ) .
It has the same meaning as was previously intended , namely the union of all the non-canonical Decomposition types , with Unicode Compat being just one of those .
\p{Decomposition_Type=Canonical} now includes the Hangul syllables .
\p {Uppercase} and \p {Lowercase} now work as the Unicode standard says they should .
This means they each match a few more characters than they used to .
\p{Cntrl} now matches the same characters as \p{Control} .
This means it no longer will match Private Use ( gc=co ) , Surrogates ( gc=cs ) , nor Format ( gc=cf ) code points .
The Format code points represent the biggest possible problem .
All but 36 of them are either officially deprecated or strongly discouraged from being used .
Of those 36 , likely the most widely used are the soft hyphen ( U+00 AD ) , and BOM , ZWSP , ZWNJ , WJ , and similar characters , plus bidirectional controls .
\p {Alpha} now matches the same characters as \p {Alphabetic} .
Before 5.12 , Perl 's definition definition included a number of things that are n't really alpha ( all marks ) while omitting many that were .
The definitions of \p {Alnum} and \p {Word} depend on Alpha 's definition and have changed accordingly .
\p {Word} no longer incorrectly matches non-word characters such as fractions .
\p {Print} no longer matches the line control characters : Tab , LF , CR , FF , VT , and NEL .
This brings it in line with standards and the documentation .
\p{XDigit} now matches the same characters as \p{Hex_Digit} .
This means that in addition to the characters it currently matches , [ A - Fa - f0 - 9 ] , it will also match the 22 fullwidth equivalents , for example U+FF10 : FULLWIDTH DIGIT ZERO .
The Numeric type property has been extended to include the Unihan characters .
There is a new Perl extension , the ' Present_In ' , or simply ' In ' , property .
This is an extension of the Unicode Age property , but \p {In=5.0} matches any code point whose usage has been determined as of Unicode version 5.0 .
The \p {Age =5.0} only matches code points added in precisely version 5.0 .
A number of properties now have the correct values for unassigned code points .
The affected properties are Bidi_Class , East_Asian_Width , Joining_Type , Decomposition_Type , Hangul_Syllable_Type , Numeric_Type , and Line_Break .
The Default_Ignorable_Code_Point , ID_Continue , and ID_Start properties are now up to date with current Unicode definitions .
Earlier versions of Perl erroneously exposed certain properties that are supposed to be Unicode internal - only .
Use of these in regular expressions will now generate , if enabled , a deprecation warning message .
The properties are : Other_Alphabetic , Other_Default_Ignorable_Code_Point , Other_Grapheme_Extend , Other_ID_Continue , Other_ID_Start , Other_Lowercase , Other_Math , and Other_Uppercase .
It is now possible to change which Unicode properties Perl understands on a per-installation basis .
As mentioned above , certain properties are turned off by default .
These include all the Unihan properties ( which should be accessible via the CPAN module Unicode : : Unihan ) and any deprecated or Unicode internal - only property that Perl has never exposed .
The generated files in the lib / unicore / To directory are now more clearly marked as being stable , directly usable by applications .
New hash entries in them give the format of the normal entries , which allows for easier machine parsing .
Perl can generate files in this directory for any property , though most are suppressed .
You can find instructions for changing which are written in perluniprops .
Modules and Pragmata
New Modules and Pragmata
autodie autodie is a new lexically - scoped alternative for the Fatal module .
The bundled version is 2.06_01 .
Note that in this release , using a string eval when autodie is in effect can cause the autodie behaviour to leak into the surrounding scope .
See " BUGS " in autodie for more details .
Version 2.06_01 has been added to the Perl core .
Compress :: Raw : : Bzip2 Version 2.024 has been added to the Perl core .
overloading overloading allows you to lexically disable or enable overloading for some or all operations .
Version 0.001 has been added to the Perl core .
parent parent establishes an ISA relationship with base classes at compile time .
It provides the key feature of base without further unwanted behaviors .
Version 0.223 has been added to the Perl core .
Version 1.40 has been added to the Perl core .
VMS ::DCLsym Version 1.03 has been added to the Perl core .
VMS :: Stdio Version 2.4 has been added to the Perl core .
XS :: APItest ::KeywordRPN
Version 0.003 has been added to the Perl core .
base Upgraded from version 2.13 to 2.15 .
bignum Upgraded from version 0.22 to 0.23 .
charnames charnames now contains the Unicode NameAliases .
txt database file .
This has the effect of adding some extra \N character names that formerly would n't have been recognised ; for example , " \N{LATIN CAPITAL LETTER GHA} " .
Upgraded from version 1.06 to 1.07 .
constant Upgraded from version 1.13 to 1.20 .
diagnostics diagnostics now supports %.0 f formatting internally .
diagnostics no longer suppresses
Use of uninitialized value in range ( or flip ) warnings .
[ perl # 71204 ]
Upgraded from version 1.17 to 1.19 .
feature
In feature , the meaning of the : 5.10 and : 5.10 .
X feature bundles has changed slightly .
The last component , if any ( i.e. X ) is simply ignored .
This is predicated on the assumption that new features will not , in general , be added to maintenance releases .
So : 5.10 and : 5.10 .X have identical effect .
This is a change to the behaviour documented for 5.10.0 .
feature now includes the unicode_strings feature : use feature " unicode_strings " ;
This pragma turns on Unicode semantics for the case - changing operations ( uc , lc , ucfirst , lcfirst ) on strings that do n't have the internal UTF - 8 flag set , but that contain single - byte characters between 128 and 255 .
Upgraded from version 1.11 to 1.16 .
less less now includes the stash_name method to allow subclasses of less to pick where in % ^H to store their stash .
Upgraded from version 0.02 to 0.03 .
lib Upgraded from version 0.5565 to 0.62 .
mro mro is now implemented as an XS extension .
The documented interface has not changed .
Code relying on the implementation detail that some mro : : methods happened to be available at all times gets to " keep both pieces " .
Upgraded from version 1.00 to 1.02 . overload overload now allow overloading of ' qr ' .
Upgraded from version 1.06 to 1.10 . threads Upgraded from version 1.67 to 1.75 .
threads :: shared Upgraded from version 1.14 to 1.32 .
version version now has support for " Version number formats " as described earlier in this document and in its own documentation .
Upgraded from version 0.74 to 0.82 . warnings warnings has a new warnings : : fatal_enabled ( ) function .
It also includes a new illegalproto warning category .
See also " New or Changed Diagnostics " for this change .
Upgraded from version 1.06 to 1.09 .
Archive :: Extract Upgraded from version 0.24 to 0.38 .
Archive : : Tar Upgraded from version 1.38 to 1.54 .
Attribute :: Handlers Upgraded from version 0.79 to 0.87 .
AutoLoader Upgraded from version 5.63 to 5.70 .
B:: Concise Upgraded from version 0.74 to 0.78 .
B:: Debug Upgraded from version 1.05 to 1.12 .
B:: Deparse Upgraded from version 0.83 to 0.96 .
B:: Lint Upgraded from version 1.09 to 1.11_01 .
CGI Upgraded from version 3.29 to 3.48 .
Class :: ISA Upgraded from version 0.33 to 0.36 .
NOTE : Class :: ISA is deprecated and may be removed from a future version of Perl .
Compress :: Raw : : Zlib Upgraded from version 2.008 to 2.024 .
CPAN Upgraded from version 1.9205 to 1.94_56 . CPANPLUS
Upgraded from version 0.84 to 0.90 .
CPANPLUS :: Dist :: Build Upgraded from version 0.06_02 to 0.46 .
Data :: Dumper Upgraded from version 2.121_14 to 2.125. DB_File Upgraded from version 1.816_1 to 1.820 .
Devel :: PPPort Upgraded from version 3.13 to 3.19 .
Digest Upgraded from version 1.15 to 1.16 .
Digest :: MD5 Upgraded from version 2.36_01 to 2.39 .
Digest ::SHA Upgraded from version 5.45 to 5.47 .
Encode Upgraded from version 2.23 to 2.39 .
Exporter Upgraded from version 5.62 to 5.64_01 . ExtUtils :: CBuilder Upgraded from version 0.21 to 0.27 .
ExtUtils :: Command Upgraded from version 1.13 to 1.16 .
ExtUtils :: Constant Upgraded from version 0.2 to 0.22 .
ExtUtils :: Install Upgraded from version 1.44 to 1.55 .
ExtUtils :: MakeMaker Upgraded from version 6.42 to 6.56 .
ExtUtils :: Manifest Upgraded from version 1.51_01 to 1.57 .
ExtUtils :: ParseXS Upgraded from version 2.18_02 to 2.21 .
File :: Fetch Upgraded from version 0.14 to 0.24 .
File :: Path Upgraded from version 2.04 to 2.08_01 .
File :: Temp Upgraded from version 0.18 to 0.22 .
Filter : : Simple Upgraded from version 0.82 to 0.84 .
Filter :: Util : : Call Upgraded from version 1.07 to 1.08 .
Getopt :: Long Upgraded from version 2.37 to 2.38 .
IO Upgraded from version 1.23_01 to 1.25_02 .
IO : : Zlib Upgraded from version 1.07 to 1.10 .
IPC :: Cmd Upgraded from version 0.40 _1 to 0.54 .
IPC ::SysV Upgraded from version 1.05 to 2.01 .
Locale :: Maketext Upgraded from version 1.12 to 1.14 .
Locale :: Maketext :: Simple Upgraded from version 0.18 to 0.21 .
Log :: Message Upgraded from version 0.01 to 0.02 .
Log :: Message :: Simple Upgraded from version 0.04 to 0.06 .
Math :: BigInt Upgraded from version 1.88 to 1.89_01 .
Math :: BigInt:: FastCalc Upgraded from version 0.16 to 0.19 .
Math :: BigRat Upgraded from version 0.21 to 0.24 .
Math :: Complex Upgraded from version 1.37 to 1.56 .
Memoize Upgraded from version 1.01_02 to 1.01_03 .
MIME :: Base64 Upgraded from version 3.07_01 to 3.08 .
Module : : Build Upgraded from version 0.2808_01 to 0.3603 .
Module :: CoreList Upgraded from version 2.12 to 2.29 .
Module : : Load Upgraded from version 0.12 to 0.16 .
Module :: Load :: Conditional Upgraded from version 0.22 to 0.34 .
Module : : Loaded Upgraded from version 0.01 to 0.06 .
Module : : Pluggable Upgraded from version 3.6 to 3.9 .
Net : : Ping Upgraded from version 2.33 to 2.36 .
NEXT Upgraded from version 0.60_01 to 0.64 .
Object :: Accessor Upgraded from version 0.32 to 0.36 .
Package : : Constants Upgraded from version 0.01 to 0.02 .
PerlIO Upgraded from version 1.04 to 1.06 .
Pod :: Parser Upgraded from version 1.35 to 1.37 .
Pod :: Perldoc Upgraded from version 3.14_02 to 3.15_02 .
Pod :: Plainer Upgraded from version 0.01 to 1.02 .
NOTE : Pod :: Plainer is deprecated and may be removed from a future version of Perl .
Pod :: Simple Upgraded from version 3.05 to 3.13 .
Safe Upgraded from version 2.12 to 2.22 .
SelfLoader Upgraded from version 1.11 to 1.17 .
Storable Upgraded from version 2.18 to 2.22 .
Switch Upgraded from version 2.13 to 2.16 .
NOTE : Switch is deprecated and may be removed from a future version of Perl.
Sys :: Syslog Upgraded from version 0.22 to 0.27 .
Term :: ANSIColor Upgraded from version 1.12 to 2.02 .
Term :: UI Upgraded from version 0.18 to 0.20 .
Test Upgraded from version 1.25 to 1.25_02 .
Test :: Harness Upgraded from version 2.64 to 3.17 .
Test :: Simple Upgraded from version 0.72 to 0.94 .
Text :: Balanced Upgraded from version 2.0.0 to 2.02 .
Text :: ParseWords Upgraded from version 3.26 to 3.27 .
Text :: Soundex Upgraded from version 3.03 to 3.03_01 .
Thread :: Queue Upgraded from version 2.00 to 2.11 .
Thread : : Semaphore Upgraded from version 2.01 to 2.09 .
Tie :: RefHash Upgraded from version 1.37 to 1.38 .
Time :: HiRes Upgraded from version 1.9711 to 1.9719 .
Time :: Local Upgraded from version 1.18 to 1.1901_01 .
Time :: Piece Upgraded from version 1.12 to 1.15 .
Unicode :: Collate Upgraded from version 0.52 to 0.52_01 .
Unicode :: Normalize Upgraded from version 1.02 to 1.03 .
Win32 Upgraded from version 0.34 to 0.39 .
Win32API :: File Upgraded from version 0.1001_01 to 0.1101 .
XSLoader Upgraded from version 0.08 to 0.10 .
Removed Modules and Pragmata
attrs Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 1.02 .
CPAN ::API ::HOWTO Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was ' undef ' .
CPAN :: DeferedCode Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 5.50 .
CPANPLUS ::inc Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was ' undef ' .
DCLsym Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 1.03 .
ExtUtils :: MakeMaker :: bytes Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 6.42 .
ExtUtils :: MakeMaker :: vmsish Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 6.42 .
Stdio Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 2.3 .
Test :: Harness :: Assert Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 0.02 .
Test :: Harness :: Iterator Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 0.02 .
Test :: Harness :: Point Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 0.01 .
Test :: Harness :: Results Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 0.01 .
Test :: Harness :: Straps Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 0.26_01 .
Test :: Harness :: Util Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 0.01 .
XSSymSet Removed from the Perl core .
Prior version was 1.1 .
Deprecated Modules and Pragmata
See " Deprecated Modules " above .
Documentation
New Documentation
perlhaiku contains instructions on how to build perl for the Haiku platform .
perlmroapi describes the new interface for pluggable Method Resolution Orders .
perlperf , by Richard Foley , provides an introduction to the use of performance and optimization techniques which can be used with particular reference to perl programs .
perlrepository describes how to access the perl source using the git version control system .
perlpolicy extends the " Social contract about contributed modules " into the beginnings of a document on Perl porting policies .
Changes to Existing Documentation
The various large Changes * files ( which listed every change made to perl over the last 18 years ) have been removed , and replaced by a small file , also called Changes , which just explains how that same information may be extracted from the git version control system .
Porting / patching .pod has been deleted , as it mainly described interacting with the old Perforce - based repository , which is now obsolete .
Information still relevant has been moved to perlrepository .
The syntax unless ( EXPR ) BLOCK else BLOCK is now documented as valid , as is the syntax unless ( EXPR ) BLOCK elsif ( EXPR ) BLOCK ... else BLOCK , although actually using the latter may not be the best idea for the readability of your source code .
Documented -X overloading .
Documented that when ( ) treats specially most of the filetest operators
Documented when as a syntax modifier .
Eliminated " Old Perl threads tutorial " , which described 5005 threads .
pod/perlthrtut.pod is the same material reworked for ithreads .
Correct previous documentation : v-strings are not deprecated With version objects , we need them to use MODULE VERSION syntax .
This patch removes the deprecation notice .
Security contact information is now part of perlsec .
A significant fraction of the core documentation has been updated to clarify the behavior of Perl 's Unicode handling .
Much of the remaining core documentation has been reviewed and edited for clarity , consistent use of language , and to fix the spelling of Tom Christiansen 's name .
The Pod specification ( perlpodspec ) has been updated to bring the specification in line with modern usage already supported by most Pod systems .
A parameter string may now follow the format name in a " begin/end " region .
Links to URIs with a text description are now allowed .
The usage of L < " section " > has been marked as deprecated .
if.pm has been documented in " use " in perlfunc as a means to get conditional loading of modules despite the implicit BEGIN block around use .
The documentation for $ 1 in perlvar . pod has been clarified .
\ N{U + wide hex char} is now documented .
Selected Performance Enhancements
A new internal cache means that isa( ) will often be faster .
The implementation of C3 Method Resolution Order has been optimised - linearisation for classes with single inheritance is 40 % faster .
Performance for multiple inheritance is unchanged .
Under use locale , the locale - relevant information is now cached on read - only values , such as the list returned by keys % hash .
This makes operations such as sort keys % hash in the scope of use locale much faster .
Empty DESTROY methods are no longer called .
Perl_sv_utf8_upgrade( ) is now faster .
keys on empty hash is now faster .
if ( % foo ) has been optimized to be faster than if ( keys % foo ) .
The string repetition operator ( $ str x $ num ) is now several times faster when $ str has length one or $ num is large .
Reversing an array to itself ( as in @a = reverse @a ) in void context now happens in - place and is several orders of magnitude faster than it used to be .
It will also preserve non-existent elements whenever possible , i.e. for non magical arrays or tied arrays with EXISTS and DELETE methods .
Installation and Configuration Improvements
perlapi , perlintern , perlmodlib and perltoc are now all generated at build time , rather than being shipped as part of the release .
If vendorlib and vendorarch are the same , then they are only added to @INC once .
$ Config{usedevel} and the C - level PERL_USE_DEVEL are now defined if perl is built with - Dusedevel .
Configure will enable use of - fstack - protector , to provide protection against stack - smashing attacks , if the compiler supports it .
Configure will now determine the correct prototypes for re-entrant functions and for gconvert if you are using a C++ compiler rather than a C compiler .
On Unix , if you build from a tree containing a git repository , the configuration process will note the commit hash you have checked out , for display in the output of perl -v and perl - V .
Unpushed local commits are automatically added to the list of local patches displayed by perl - V .
Perl now supports SystemTap 's dtrace compatibility layer and an issue with linking miniperl has been fixed in the process .
perldoc now uses less - R instead of less for improved behaviour in the face of groff 's new usage of ANSI escape codes .
perl - V now reports use of the compile - time options USE_PERL_ATOF and USE_ATTRIBUTES_FOR_PERLIO .
As part of the flattening of ext , all extensions on all platforms are built by make_ext.pl .
This replaces the Unix - specific ext / util / make_ext , VMS - specific make_ext.com and Win32- specific win32/buildext.pl .
Internal Changes
Each release of Perl sees numerous internal changes which should n't affect day to day usage but may still be notable for developers working with Perl 's source code .
The J.R.R.
Tolkien quotes at the head of C source file have been checked and proper citations added , thanks to a patch from Tom Christiansen .
The internal structure of the dual - life modules traditionally found in the lib / and ext / directories in the perl source has changed significantly .
Where possible , dual - lifed modules have been extracted from lib / and ext / .
Dual - lifed modules maintained by Perl 's developers as part of the Perl core now live in dist / .
Dual - lifed modules maintained primarily on CPAN now live in cpan / .
When reporting a bug in a module located under cpan / , please send your bug report directly to the module 's bug tracker or author , rather than Perl 's bug tracker .
\ N{ ...} now compiles better , always forces UTF - 8 internal representation Perl 's developers have fixed several problems with the recognition of \ N{...} constructs .
As part of this , perl will store any scalar or regex containing \ N{ name } or \ N{U + wide hex char } in its definition in UTF - 8 format .
( This was true previously for all occurences of \ N{ name } that did not use a custom translator , but now it 's always true . )
Perl_magic_setmglob now knows about globs , fixing RT # 71254 .
SVt_RV no longer exists .
RVs are now stored in IVs .
Perl_vcroak ( ) now accepts a null first argument .
In addition , a full audit was made of the " not NULL " compiler annotations , and those for several other internal functions were corrected .
New macros dSAVEDERRNO , dSAVE_ERRNO , SAVE_ERRNO , RESTORE_ERRNO
have been added to formalise the temporary saving of the errno variable .
The function Perl_sv_insert_flags has been added to augment Perl_sv_insert .
The function Perl_newSV_type(type ) has been added , equivalent to Perl_newSV ( ) followed by Perl_sv_upgrade ( type ) .
The function Perl_newSVpvn_flags ( ) has been added , equivalent to Perl_newSVpvn ( ) and then performing the action relevant to the flag .
Two flag bits are currently supported .
SVf_UTF8 will call SvUTF8_on ( ) for you .
( Note that this does not convert an sequence of ISO 8859 - 1 characters to UTF - 8 ) .
A wrapper , newSVpvn_utf8 ( ) is available for this .
SVs_TEMP now calls Perl_sv_2mortal ( ) on the new SV .
There is also a wrapper that takes constant strings , newSVpvs_flags ( ) .
The function Perl_croak_xs_usage has been added as a wrapper to Perl_croak .
Perl now exports the functions PerlIO_find_layer and PerlIO_list_alloc .
PL_na has been exterminated from the core code , replaced by local STRLEN temporaries , or * _nolen ( ) calls .
Either approach is faster than PL_na , which is a pointer dereference into the interpreter structure under ithreads , and a global variable otherwise .
Perl_mg_free ( ) used to leave freed memory accessible via SvMAGIC ( ) on the scalar .
It now updates the linked list to remove each piece of magic as it is freed .
Under ithreads , the regex in PL_reg_curpm is now reference counted .
This eliminates a lot of hackish workarounds to cope with it not being reference counted .
Perl_mg_magical ( ) would sometimes incorrectly turn on SvRMAGICAL ( ) .
This has been fixed .
The public IV and NV flags are now not set if the string value has trailing " garbage " .
This behaviour is consistent with not setting the public IV or NV flags if the value is out of range for the type .
Uses of Nullav , Nullcv , Nullhv , Nullop , Nullsv etc have been replaced by NULL in the core code , and non-dual - life modules , as NULL is clearer to those unfamiliar with the core code .
A macro MUTABLE_PTR ( p ) has been added , which on ( non-pedantic ) gcc will not cast away const , returning a void * .
Macros MUTABLE_SV( av ) , MUTABLE_SV ( cv ) etc build on this , casting to AV * etc without casting away const .
This allows proper compile - time auditing of const correctness in the core , and helped picked up some errors ( now fixed ) .
Macros mPUSHs ( ) and mXPUSHs ( ) have been added , for pushing SVs on the stack and mortalizing them .
Use of the private structure mro_meta has changed slightly .
Nothing outside the core should be accessing this directly anyway .
A new tool , Porting / expand - macro.pl has been added , that allows you to view how a C preprocessor macro would be expanded when compiled .
This is handy when trying to decode the macro hell that is the perl guts .
Testing
Testing improvements
Parallel tests
The core distribution can now run its regression tests in parallel on Unix - like platforms .
Instead of running make test , set TEST_JOBS in your environment to the number of tests to run in parallel , and run make test_harness .
On a Bourne - like shell , this can be done as TEST_JOBS=3 make test_harness # Run 3 tests in parallel
An environment variable is used , rather than parallel make itself , because TAP :: Harness needs to be able to schedule individual non-conflicting test scripts itself , and there is no standard interface to make utilities to interact with their job schedulers .
Note that currently some test scripts may fail when run in parallel ( most notably ext / IO/t/io_dir.t ) .
If necessary run just the failing scripts again sequentially and see if the failures go away .
Test harness flexibility
It 's now possible to override PERL5OPT and friends in t/ TEST
Test watchdog Several tests that have the potential to hang forever if they fail now incorporate a " watchdog " functionality that will kill them after a timeout , which helps ensure that make test and make test_harness run to completion automatically .
New Tests
Perl 's developers have added a number of new tests to the core .
In addition to the items listed below , many modules updated from CPAN incorporate new tests .
Significant cleanups to core tests to ensure that language and interpreter features are not used before they 're tested .
make test_porting now runs a number of important pre-commit checks which might be of use to anyone working on the Perl core .
t/porting/podcheck.t automatically checks the well - formedness of POD found in all .pl , .pm and .pod files in the MANIFEST , other than in dual - lifed modules which are primarily maintained outside the Perl core .
t/porting/manifest.t now tests that all files listed in MANIFEST are present .
t/op/while_readdir.t tests that a bare readdir in while loop sets $_.
t/comp/retainedlines.t checks that the debugger can retain source lines from eval .
t/io/perlio_fail.t checks that bad layers fail .
t/io/perlio_leaks.t checks that PerlIO layers are not leaking .
t/io/perlio_open.t checks that certain special forms of open work .
t/io/perlio.t includes general PerlIO tests .
t/io/pvbm.t checks that there is no unexpected interaction between the internal types PVBM and PVGV .
t/mro/package_aliases.t checks that mro works properly in the presence of aliased packages .
t/op/dbm.t tests dbmopen and dbmclose .
t/op/index_thr.t tests the interaction of index and threads .
t/op/pat_thr.t tests the interaction of esoteric patterns and threads .
t/op/qr_gc.t tests that qr does n't leak .
t/op/reg_email_thr.t tests the interaction of regex recursion and threads .
t/op/regexp_qr_embed_thr.t tests the interaction of patterns with embedded qr// and threads .
t/op/regexp_unicode_prop.t tests Unicode properties in regular expressions .
t/op/regexp_unicode_prop_thr.t tests the interaction of Unicode properties and threads .
t/op/reg_nc_tie.t tests the tied methods of Tie :: Hash :: NamedCapture .
t/op/reg_posixcc.t checks that POSIX character classes behave consistently .
t/op /re.t checks that exportable re functions in universal .c work .
t/op/setpgrpstack.t checks that setpgrp works .
t/op/substr_thr.t tests the interaction of substr and threads .
t/op/upgrade.t checks that upgrading and assigning scalars works .
t/uni/lex_utf8.t checks that Unicode in the lexer works .
t/uni/tie.t checks that Unicode and tie work .
t/comp/final_line_num.t tests whether line numbers are correct at EOF
t/comp/form_scope.t tests format scoping .
t/comp/line_debug.t tests whether @{ " _ < $ file " } works .
t/op/filetest_t.t tests if -t file test works .
t/op /qr.t tests qr .
t/op/utf8cache.t tests malfunctions of the utf8 cache .
t/re/uniprops.t test unicodes \p{} regex constructs .
t/op/filehandle.t tests some suitably portable filetest operators to check that they work as expected , particularly in the light of some internal changes made in how filehandles are blessed .
t/op/time_loop.t tests that unix times greater than 2**63 , which can now be handed to gmtime and localtime , do not cause an internal overflow or an excessively long loop .
New or Changed Diagnostics
New Diagnostics
SV allocation tracing has been added to the diagnostics enabled by - Dm .
The tracing can alternatively output via the PERL_MEM_LOG mechanism , if that was enabled when the perl binary was compiled .
Smartmatch resolution tracing has been added as a new diagnostic .
Use - DM to enable it .
A new debugging flag - DB now dumps subroutine definitions , leaving - Dx for its original purpose of dumping syntax trees .
Perl 5.12 provides a number of new diagnostic messages to help you write better code .
See perldiag for details of these new messages .
Bad plugin affecting keyword ' % s ' gmtime ( %.0f ) too large Lexing code attempted to stuff non-Latin - 1 character into Latin - 1 input Lexing code internal error ( %s ) localtime ( %.0f ) too large Overloaded dereference did not return a reference Overloaded qr did not return a REGEXP Perl_pmflag ( ) is deprecated , and will be removed from the XS API lvalue attribute ignored after the subroutine has been defined
This new warning is issued when one attempts to mark a subroutine as lvalue after it has been defined .
Perl now warns you if ++ or -- are unable to change the value because it 's beyond the limit of representation .
This uses a new warnings category : " imprecision " .
lc , uc , lcfirst , and ucfirst warn when passed undef .
Show constant in " Useless use of a constant in void context " Prototype after ' %s ' panic : sv_chop %s
This new fatal error occurs when the C routine Perl_sv_chop ( ) was passed a position that is not within the scalar 's string buffer .
This could be caused by buggy XS code , and at this point recovery is not possible .
The fatal error Malformed UTF - 8 returned by \N is now produced if the charnames handler returns malformed UTF - 8 .
If an unresolved named character or sequence was encountered when compiling a regex pattern then the fatal error \N{NAME} must be resolved by the lexer is now produced .
This can happen , for example , when using a single - quotish context like $re = ' \ N{SPACE} ' ; / $re / ; .
See perldiag for more examples of how the lexer can get bypassed .
Invalid hexadecimal number in \ N{U +...} is a new fatal error triggered when the character constant represented by ... is not a valid hexadecimal number .
The new meaning of \ N as [ ^
] is not valid in a bracketed character class , just like .
in a character class loses its special meaning , and will cause the fatal error \N in a character class must be a named character : \ N{...} .
The rules on what is legal for the ... in \ N {...} have been tightened up so that unless the ... begins with an alphabetic character and continues with a combination of alphanumerics , dashes , spaces , parentheses or colons then the warning Deprecated character (s ) in \ N {...} starting at ' %s ' is now issued .
The warning Using just the first characters returned by \ N{} will be issued if the charnames handler returns a sequence of characters which exceeds the limit of the number of characters that can be used .
The message will indicate which characters were used and which were discarded .
Changed Diagnostics
A number of existing diagnostic messages have been improved or corrected :
A new warning category illegalproto allows finer - grained control of warnings around function prototypes .
The two warnings : Illegal character in prototype for %s : %s Prototype after ' % c ' for %s : %s have been moved from the syntax top - level warnings category into a new first - level category , illegalproto .
These two warnings are currently the only ones emitted during parsing of an invalid / illegal prototype , so one can now use no warnings ' illegalproto ' ; to suppress only those , but not other syntax - related warnings .
Warnings where prototypes are changed , ignored , or not met are still in the prototype category as before .
Deep recursion on subroutine " % s " It is now possible to change the depth threshold for this warning from the default of 100 , by recompiling the perl binary , setting the C pre-processor macro PERL_SUB_DEPTH_WARN to the desired value .
Illegal character in prototype warning is now more precise when reporting illegal characters after _
mro merging error messages are now very similar to those produced by Algorithm : : C3 .
Amelioration of the error message " Unrecognized character %s in column %d " Changes the error message to " Unrecognized character %s ; marked by <-- HERE after %s<-- HERE near column %d " .
This should make it a little simpler to spot and correct the suspicious character .
Perl now explicitly points to $ . when it causes an uninitialized warning for ranges in scalar context .
split now warns when called in void context .
printf - style functions called with too few arguments will now issue the warning " Missing argument in %s " [ perl # 71000 ]
Perl now properly returns a syntax error instead of segfaulting if each , keys , or values is used without an argument .
tell ( ) now fails properly if called without an argument and when no previous file was read .
tell ( ) now returns - 1 , and sets errno to EBADF , thus restoring the 5.8.x behaviour .
overload no longer implicitly unsets fallback on repeated ' use overload ' lines .
POSIX :: strftime ( ) can now handle Unicode characters in the format string .
The syntax category was removed from 5 warnings that should only be in deprecated .
Three fatal pack / unpack error messages have been normalized to panic : %s
Unicode character is illegal has been rephrased to be more accurate
It now reads Unicode non-character is illegal in interchange and the perldiag documentation has been expanded a bit .
Currently , all but the first of the several characters that the charnames handler may return are discarded when used in a regular expression pattern bracketed character class .
If this happens then the warning Using just the first character returned by \ N{} in character class will be issued .
The warning Missing right brace on \ N{} or unescaped left brace after \ N . Assuming the latter will be issued if Perl encounters a \ N { but does n't find a matching } .
In this case Perl does n't know if it was mistakenly omitted , or if " match non-newline " followed by " match a { " was desired .
It assumes the latter because that is actually a valid interpretation as written , unlike the other case .
If you meant the former , you need to add the matching right brace .
If you did mean the latter , you can silence this warning by writing instead \ N\{ .
gmtime and localtime called with numbers smaller than they can reliably handle will now issue the warnings gmtime ( %.0f ) too small and localtime ( %.0f ) too small .
The following diagnostic messages have been removed :
Runaway format
Ca n't locate package %s for the parents of %s
In general this warning it only got produced in conjunction with other warnings , and removing it allowed an ISA lookup optimisation to be added .
v-string in use / require is non-portable
Utility Changes
h2 ph now looks in include - fixed too , which is a recent addition to gcc 's search path .
h2xs no longer incorrectly treats enum values like macros .
It also now handles C++ style comments ( // ) properly in enums .
perl5db.pl now supports LVALUE subroutines .
Additionally , the debugger now correctly handles proxy constant subroutines , and subroutine stubs .
perlbug now uses % Module : : CoreList :: bug_tracker to print out upstream bug tracker URLs .
If a user identifies a particular module as the topic of their bug report and we 're able to divine the URL for its upstream bug tracker , perlbug now provide a message to the user explaining that the core copies the CPAN version directly , and provide the URL for reporting the bug directly to the upstream author .
perlbug no longer reports " Message sent " when it has n't actually sent the message
perlthanks is a new utility for sending non-bug - reports to the authors and maintainers of Perl .
Getting nothing but bug reports can become a bit demoralising .
If Perl 5.12 works well for you , please try out perlthanks .
It will make the developers smile .
Perl 's developers have fixed bugs in a 2p having to do with the match ( ) operator in list context .
Additionally , a2 p no longer generates code that uses the $ [ variable .
Selected Bug Fixes
U+0FFFF is now a legal character in regular expressions .
pp_qr now always returns a new regexp SV .
Resolves RT # 69852 .
Instead of returning a( nother ) reference to the ( pre-compiled ) regexp in the optree , use reg_temp_copy ( ) to create a copy of it , and return a reference to that .
This resolves issues about Regexp : : DESTROY not being called in a timely fashion ( the original bug tracked by RT # 69852 ) , as well as bugs related to blessing regexps , and of assigning to regexps , as described in correspondence added to the ticket .
It transpires that we also need to undo the SvPVX ( ) sharing when ithreads cloning a Regexp SV , because mother_re is set to NULL , instead of a cloned copy of the mother_re .
This change might fix bugs with regexps and threads in certain other situations , but as yet neither tests nor bug reports have indicated any problems , so it might not actually be an edge case that it 's possible to reach .
Several compilation errors and segfaults when perl was built with - Dmad were fixed .
Fixes for lexer API changes in 5.11.2 which broke NYTProf 's savesrc option .
-t should only return TRUE for file handles connected to a TTY The Microsoft C version of isatty ( ) returns TRUE for all character mode devices , including the / dev/null - style " nul " device and printers like " lpt1 " .
Fixed a regression caused by commit fafafbaf which caused a panic during parameter passing [ perl # 70171 ]
On systems which in - place edits without backup files , - i'*' now works as the documentation says it does [ perl # 70802 ]
Saving and restoring magic flags no longer loses readonly flag .
The malformed syntax grep EXPR LIST ( note the missing comma ) no longer causes abrupt and total failure .
Regular expressions compiled with qr{} literals properly set $ ' when matching again .
Using named subroutines with sort should no longer lead to bus errors [ perl # 71076 ]
Numerous bugfixes catch small issues caused by the recently - added Lexer API .
Smart match against @_ sometimes gave false negatives .
[ perl # 71078 ]
$ @ may now be assigned a read - only value ( without error or busting the stack ) .
sort called recursively from within an active comparison subroutine no longer causes a bus error if run multiple times .
[ perl # 71076 ]
Tie :: Hash :: NamedCapture ::* will not abort if passed bad input ( RT # 71828 )
@_ and $ _ no longer leak under threads ( RT # 34342 and # 41138 , also # 70602 , # 70974 )
- I on shebang line now adds directories in front of @INC as documented , and as does - I when specified on the command - line .
kill is now fatal when called on non-numeric process identifiers .
Previously , an undef process identifier would be interpreted as a request to kill process 0 , which would terminate the current process group on POSIX systems .
Since process identifiers are always integers , killing a non-numeric process is now fatal .
5.10.0 inadvertently disabled an optimisation , which caused a measurable performance drop in list assignment , such as is often used to assign function parameters from @_ .
The optimisation has been re-instated , and the performance regression fixed .
( This fix is also present in 5.10.1 )
Fixed memory leak on while ( 1 ) { map 1 , 1 } [ RT # 53038 ] .
Some potential coredumps in PerlIO fixed [ RT # 57322,54828 ] .
The debugger now works with lvalue subroutines .
The debugger 's m command was broken on modules that defined constants [ RT # 61222 ] .
crypt and string complement could return tainted values for untainted arguments [ RT # 59998 ] .
The - i . suffix command - line switch now recreates the file using restricted permissions , before changing its mode to match the original file .
This eliminates a potential race condition [ RT # 60904 ] .
On some Unix systems , the value in $ ?
would not have the top bit set ( $ ? & 128 ) even if the child core dumped .
Under some circumstances , $ ^R could incorrectly become undefined [ RT # 57042 ] .
In the XS API , various hash functions , when passed a pre-computed hash where the key is UTF - 8 , might result in an incorrect lookup .
XS code including XSUB.h before perl.h gave a compile - time error [ RT # 57176 ] .
$ object - > isa ( ' Foo ' ) would report false if the package
Foo did n't exist , even if the object 's @ISA contained Foo .
Various bugs in the new - to 5.10.0 mro code , triggered by manipulating @ISA , have been found and fixed .
Bitwise operations on references could crash the interpreter , e.g. $ x=\$y ; $x |= " foo " [ RT # 54956 ] .
Patterns including alternation might be sensitive to the internal UTF - 8 representation , e.g. my $ byte = chr ( 192 ) ; my $ utf8 = chr ( 192 ) ; utf8::upgrade ( $utf8 ) ; $ utf8 =~ /$ byte|X} /i ; # failed in 5.10.0
Within UTF8 - encoded
Perl source files ( i.e. where use utf8 is in effect ) , double - quoted literal strings could be corrupted where a \xNN , \0NNN or \ N{} is followed by a literal character with ordinal value greater than 255 [ RT # 59908 ] .
B:: Deparse failed to correctly deparse various constructs : readpipe STRING [ RT # 62428 ] , CORE ::require( STRING ) [ RT # 62488 ] , sub foo( _ ) [ RT # 62484 ] .
Using setpgrp with no arguments could corrupt the perl stack .
The block form of eval is now specifically trappable by Safe and ops .
Previously it was erroneously treated like string eval .
In 5.10.0 , the two characters [ ~ were sometimes parsed as the smart match operator ( ~~ ) [ RT # 63854 ] .
In 5.10.0 , the * quantifier in patterns was sometimes treated as { 0,32767} [ RT # 60034 , # 60464 ] .
For example , this match would fail : ( " ab " x 32768 ) =~ /^( ab ) *$/
shmget was limited to a 32 bit segment size on a 64 bit OS [ RT # 63924 ] .
Using next or last to exit a given block no longer produces a spurious warning like the following : Exiting given via last at foo.pl line 123
Assigning a format to a glob could corrupt the format ; e.g. : * bar=*foo{FORMAT} ; # foo format now bad
Attempting to coerce a typeglob to a string or number could cause an assertion failure .
The correct error message is now generated , Can't coerce GLOB to $ type .
Under use filetest ' access ' , -x was using the wrong access mode .
This has been fixed [ RT # 49003 ] .
length on a tied scalar that returned a Unicode value would not be correct the first time .
This has been fixed .
Using an array tie inside in array tie could SEGV .
This has been fixed .
[ RT # 51636 ]
A race condition inside PerlIOStdio_close ( ) has been identified and fixed .
This used to cause various threading issues , including SEGVs .
In unpack , the use of ( ) groups in scalar context was internally placing a list on the interpreter 's stack , which manifested in various ways , including SEGVs .
This is now fixed [ RT # 50256 ] .
Magic was called twice in substr , \&$x , tie $ x , $m and chop .
These have all been fixed .
A 5.10.0 optimisation to clear the temporary stack within the implicit loop of s/// ge has been reverted , as it turned out to be the cause of obscure bugs in seemingly unrelated parts of the interpreter [ commit ef0d4e17921ee3de ] .
The line numbers for warnings inside elsif are now correct .
The .. operator now works correctly with ranges whose ends are at or close to the values of the smallest and largest integers .
binmode STDIN , ': raw ' could lead to segmentation faults on some platforms .
This has been fixed [ RT # 54828 ] .
An off - by - one error meant that index $ str , ... was effectively being executed as index " $ str\0 " , ... .
This has been fixed [ RT # 53746 ] .
Various leaks associated with named captures in regexes have been fixed [ RT # 57024 ] .
A weak reference to a hash would leak .
This was affecting DBI [ RT # 56908 ] .
Using ( ?| ) in a regex could cause a segfault [ RT # 59734 ] .
Use of a UTF - 8 tr// within a closure could cause a segfault [ RT # 61520 ] .
Calling Perl_sv_chop ( ) or otherwise upgrading an SV could result in an unaligned 64 - bit access on the SPARC architecture [ RT # 60574 ] .
In the 5.10.0 release , inc_version_list would incorrectly list 5.10 .* after 5.8.* ; this affected the @INC search order [ RT # 67628 ] .
In 5.10.0 , pack " a* " , $ tainted_value returned a non-tainted value [ RT # 52552 ] .
In 5.10.0 , printf and sprintf could produce the fatal error panic : utf8_mg_pos_cache_update when printing UTF - 8 strings [ RT # 62666 ] .
In the 5.10.0 release , a dynamically created AUTOLOAD method might be missed ( method cache issue ) [ RT #60220,60232 ] .
In the 5.10.0 release , a combination of use feature and //ee could cause a memory leak [ RT # 63110 ] .
- C on the shebang ( #! ) line is once more permitted if it is also specified on the command line .
- C on the shebang line used to be a silent no - op if it was not also on the command line , so perl 5.10.0 disallowed it , which broke some scripts .
Now perl checks whether it is also on the command line and only dies if it is not [ RT # 67880 ] .
In 5.10.0 , certain types of re-entrant regular expression could crash , or cause the following assertion failure [ RT # 60508 ] : Assertion rx->sublen >= ( s - rx->subbeg ) + i failed
Perl now includes previously missing files from the Unicode Character Database .
Perl now honors TMPDIR when opening an anonymous temporary file .
Platform Specific Changes
Perl is incredibly portable .
In general , if a platform has a C compiler , someone has ported Perl to it ( or will soon ) .
We 're happy to announce that Perl 5.12 includes support for several new platforms .
At the same time , it 's time to bid farewell to some ( very ) old friends .
New Platforms
Haiku Perl 's developers have merged patches from Haiku 's maintainers .
Perl should now build on Haiku .
MirOS BSD
Perl should now build on MirOS BSD .
Discontinued Platforms
Domain / OS MiNT Tenon MachTen
AIX Removed libbsd for AIX 5L and 6.1 .
Only flock ( ) was used from libbsd .
Removed libgdbm for AIX 5L and 6.1 if libgdbm < 1.8.3 - 5 is installed .
The libgdbm is delivered as an optional package with the AIX Toolbox .
Unfortunately the versions below 1.8.3 - 5 are broken .
Hints changes mean that AIX 4.2 should work again .
Cygwin Perl now supports IP v6 on Cygwin 1.7 and newer .
On Cygwin we now strip the last number from the DLL .
This has been the behaviour in the cygwin.com build for years .
The hints files have been updated .
Darwin ( Mac OS X ) Skip testing the be_BY .
CP1131 locale on Darwin 10 ( Mac OS X 10.6 ) , as it 's still buggy .
Correct infelicities in the regexp used to identify buggy locales on Darwin 8 and 9 ( Mac OS X 10.4 and 10.5 , respectively ) .
DragonFly BSD
Fix thread library selection [ perl # 69686 ]
FreeBSD
The hints files now identify the correct threading libraries on FreeBSD 7 and later .
Irix
We now work around a bizarre preprocessor bug in the Irix 6.5 compiler : cc - E - unfortunately goes into K&R mode , but cc - E file . c does n't .
NetBSD
Hints now supports versions 5 .*. OpenVMS -UDEBUGGING is now the default on VMS .
Like it has been everywhere else for ages and ages .
Also make command - line selection of - UDEBUGGING and - DDEBUGGING work in configure.com ; before the only way to turn it off was by saying no in answer to the interactive question .
The default pipe buffer size on VMS has been updated to 8192 on 64 - bit systems .
Reads from the in -memory temporary files of PerlIO : : scalar used to fail if $ / was set to a numeric reference ( to indicate record - style reads ) .
This is now fixed .
VMS now supports getgrgid .
Many improvements and cleanups have been made to the VMS file name handling and conversion code .
Enabling the PERL_VMS_POSIX_EXIT
logical name now encodes a POSIX exit status in a VMS condition value for better interaction with GNV's bash shell and other utilities that depend on POSIX exit values .
See " $ ? " in perlvms for details .
File :: Copy now detects
Unix compatibility mode on VMS .
Stratus VOS Various changes from Stratus have been merged in .
Symbian
There is now support for Symbian S60 3.2 SDK and S60 5.0 SDK .
Windows Perl 5.12 supports Windows 2000 and later .
The supporting code for legacy versions of Windows is still included , but will be removed during the next development cycle .
Initial support for building Perl with MinGW - w64 is now available .
perl.exe now includes a manifest resource to specify the trustInfo settings for Windows Vista and later .
Without this setting Windows would treat perl.exe as a legacy application and apply various heuristics like redirecting access to protected file system areas ( like the " Program Files " folder ) to the users " VirtualStore " instead of generating a proper " permission denied " error .
The manifest resource also requests the Microsoft Common - Controls version 6.0 ( themed controls introduced in Windows XP ) .
Check out the Win32: : VisualStyles module on CPAN to switch back to old style unthemed controls for legacy applications .
The -t filetest operator now only returns true if the filehandle is connected to a console window .
In previous versions of Perl it would return true for all character mode devices , including NUL and LPT1 .
The -p filetest operator now works correctly , and the Fcntl : : S_IFIFO constant is defined when Perl is compiled with Microsoft Visual C. In previous Perl versions - p always returned a false value , and the Fcntl : : S_IFIFO constant was not defined .
This bug is specific to Microsoft Visual C and never affected Perl binaries built with MinGW .
The socket error codes are now more widely supported :
The POSIX module will define the symbolic names , like POSIX ::EWOULDBLOCK , and stringification of socket error codes in $ !
works as well now ; C:\> perl - MPOSIX - E " $!=POSIX ::EWOULDBLOCK ; say $ ! "
A non-blocking socket operation could not be completed immediately .
flock ( ) will now set sensible error codes in $!.
Previous
Perl versions copied the value of $ ^E into $ ! , which caused much confusion .
select ( ) now supports all empty fd_set s more correctly .
'.\foo ' and '..\ foo ' were treated differently than './ foo ' and '../ foo ' by do and require [ RT # 63492 ] .
Improved message window handling means that alarm and kill messages will no longer be dropped under race conditions .
Various bits of Perl 's build infrastructure are no longer converted to win32 line endings at release time .
If this hurts you , please report the problem with the perlbug program included with perl .
Known Problems
This is a list of some significant unfixed bugs , which are regressions from either 5.10.x or 5.8.x .
Some CPANPLUS tests may fail if there is a functioning file ../../ cpanp -run - perl outside your build directory .
The failure should n't imply there 's a problem with the actual functional software .
The bug is already fixed in [ RT # 74188 ] and is scheduled for inclusion in perl - v5.12.1 .
List :: Util : : first misbehaves in the presence of a lexical $ _ ( typically introduced by my $ _ or implicitly by given ) .
The variable which gets set for each iteration is the package variable $ _ , not the lexical $ _ [ RT # 67694 ] .
A similar issue may occur in other modules that provide functions which take a block as their first argument , like foo { ... $ _ ...} list
Some regexes may run much more slowly when run in a child thread compared with the thread the pattern was compiled into [ RT # 55600 ] .
Things like " \N{LATIN SMALL LIGATURE FF} " =~ /\N{LATIN SMALL LETTER F}+/ will appear to hang as they get into a very long running loop [ RT # 72998 ] .
Several porters have reported mysterious crashes when Perl 's entire test suite is run after a build on certain Windows 2000 systems .
When run by hand , the individual tests reportedly work fine .
Errata
This one is actually a change introduced in 5.10.0 , but it was missed from that release 's perldelta , so it is mentioned here instead .
A bugfix related to the handling of the /m modifier and qr resulted in a change of behaviour between 5.8.x and 5.10.0 : # matches in 5.8.x , does n't match in 5.10.0 $ re = qr/^bar / ; " foo
bar " =~ / $re / m ;
Acknowledgements
Perl 5.12.0 represents approximately two years of development since Perl 5.10.0 and contains over 750,000 lines of changes across over 3,000 files from over 200 authors and committers .
Perl continues to flourish into its third decade thanks to a vibrant community of users and developers .
The following people are known to have contributed the improvements that became Perl 5.12.0 :
Aaron Crane , Abe Timmerman , Abhijit Menon - Sen , Abigail , Adam Russell , Adriano Ferreira , Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason , Alan Grover , Alexandr Ciornii , Alex Davies , Alex Vandiver , Andreas Koenig , Andrew Rodland , andrew@sundale.net , Andy Armstrong , Andy Dougherty , Jose AUGUSTE -ETIENNE , Benjamin Smith , Ben Morrow , bharanee rathna , Bo Borgerson , Bo Lindbergh , Brad Gilbert , Bram , Brendan O'Dea , brian d foy , Charles Bailey , Chip Salzenberg , Chris ' BinGOs ' Williams , Christoph Lamprecht , Chris Williams , chromatic , Claes Jakobsson , Craig A. Berry , Dan Dascalescu , Daniel Frederick Crisman , Daniel M. Quinlan , Dan Jacobson , Dan Kogai , Dave Mitchell , Dave Rolsky , David Cantrell , David Dick , David Golden , David Mitchell , David M. Syzdek , David Nicol , David Wheeler , Dennis Kaarsemaker , Dintelmann , Peter , Dominic Dunlop , Dr.Ruud , Duke Leto , Enrico Sorcinelli , Eric Brine , Father Chrysostomos , Florian Ragwitz , Frank Wiegand , Gabor Szabo , Gene Sullivan , Geoffrey T. Dairiki , George Greer , Gerard Goossen , Gisle Aas , Goro Fuji , Graham Barr , Green , Paul , Hans Dieter Pearcey , Harmen , H. Merijn Brand , Hugo van der Sanden , Ian Goodacre , Igor Sutton , Ingo Weinhold , James Bence , James Mastros , Jan Dubois , Jari Aalto , Jarkko Hietaniemi , Jay Hannah , Jerry Hedden , Jesse Vincent , Jim Cromie , Jody Belka , John E. Malmberg , John Malmberg , John Peacock , John Peacock via RT , John P. Linderman , John Wright , Josh ben Jore , Jos I. Boumans , Karl Williamson , Kenichi Ishigaki , Ken Williams , Kevin Brintnall , Kevin Ryde , Kurt Starsinic , Leon Brocard , Lubomir Rintel , Luke Ross , Marcel Grünauer , Marcus Holland - Moritz , Mark Jason Dominus , Marko Asplund , Martin Hasch , Mashrab Kuvatov , Matt Kraai , Matt S Trout , Max Maischein , Michael Breen , Michael Cartmell , Michael G Schwern , Michael Witten , Mike Giroux , Milosz Tanski , Moritz Lenz , Nicholas Clark , Nick Cleaton , Niko Tyni , Offer Kaye , Osvaldo Villalon , Paul Fenwick , Paul Gaborit , Paul Green , Paul Johnson , Paul Marquess , Philip Hazel , Philippe Bruhat , Rafael Garcia - Suarez , Rainer Tammer , Rajesh Mandalemula , Reini Urban , Renée Bäcker , Ricardo Signes , Ricardo SIGNES , Richard Foley , Rich Rauenzahn , Rick Delaney , Risto Kankkunen , Robert May , Roberto C. Sanchez , Robin Barker , SADAHIRO Tomoyuki , Salvador Ortiz Garcia , Sam Vilain , Scott Lanning , Sébastien Aperghis - Tramoni , Sérgio Durigan Júnior , Shlomi Fish , Simon ' corecode ' Schubert , Sisyphus , Slaven Rezic , Smylers , Steffen Müller , Steffen Ullrich , Stepan Kasal , Steve Hay , Steven Schubiger , Steve Peters , Tels , The Doctor , Tim Bunce , Tim Jenness , Todd Rinaldo , Tom Christiansen , Tom Hukins , Tom Wyant , Tony Cook , Torsten Schoenfeld , Tye McQueen , Vadim Konovalov , Vincent Pit , Hio YAMASHINA , Yasuhiro Matsumoto , Yitzchak Scott - Thoennes , Yuval Kogman , Yves Orton , Zefram , Zsban Ambrus
This is woefully incomplete as it's automatically generated from version control history .
In particular , it does n't include the names of the ( very much appreciated ) contributors who reported issues in previous versions of Perl that helped make Perl 5.12.0 better .
For a more complete list of all of Perl 's historical contributors , please see the AUTHORS file in the Perl 5.12.0 distribution .
Our " retired " pumpkings Nicholas Clark and Rafael Garcia - Suarez deserve special thanks for their brilliant and substantive ongoing contributions .
Nicholas personally authored over 30 % of the patches since 5.10.0 .
Rafael comes in second in patch authorship with 11 % , but is first by a long shot in committing patches authored by others , pushing 44 % of the commits since 5.10.0 in this category , often after providing considerable coaching to the patch authors .
These statistics in no way comprise all of their contributions , but express in shorthand that we could n't have done it without them .
Many of the changes included in this version originated in the CPAN modules included in Perl 's core .
We 're grateful to the entire CPAN community for helping Perl to flourish .
Reporting Bugs
If you find what you think is a bug , you might check the articles recently posted to the comp.lang .
perl.misc newsgroup and the perl bug database at http://rt.perl.org/perlbug/.
There may also be information at http://www.perl.org/, the Perl Home Page .
If you believe you have an unreported bug , please run the perlbug program included with your release .
Be sure to trim your bug down to a tiny but sufficient test case .
Your bug report , along with the output of perl - V , will be sent off to perlbug@perl.org to be analyzed by the Perl porting team .
If the bug you are reporting has security implications , which make it inappropriate to send to a publicly archived mailing list , then please send it to perl5-security-report@perl.org .
This points to a closed subscription unarchived mailing list , which includes all the core committers , who be able to help assess the impact of issues , figure out a resolution , and help co-ordinate the release of patches to mitigate or fix the problem across all platforms on which Perl is supported .
Please only use this address for security issues in the Perl core , not for modules independently distributed on CPAN .
SEE ALSO
The Changes file for an explanation of how to view exhaustive details on what changed .
The INSTALL file for how to build Perl .
The README file for general stuff .
The Artistic and Copying files for copyright information .
http://dev.perl.org/perl5/errata.html for a list of issues found after this release , as well as a list of CPAN modules known to be incompatible with this release .
1997 : Princess Diana dies in Paris crash
Diana , Princess of Wales , has died after a car crash in Paris .
She was taken to hospital in the early hours of Sunday morning where surgeons tried for two hours to save her life but she died at 0300 BST .
In a statement Buckingham Palace said the Queen and the Prince of Wales were " deeply shocked and distressed " .
Prince Charles broke the news of their mother 's death to Princes William and Harry at Balmoral Castle in Scotland where the royal family had been spending the summer .
The accident happened after the princess left the Ritz Hotel in the French capital with her companion , Dodi Al Fayed - son of Harrods owner , Mohammed Al Fayed .
Criminal investigation
Dodi Al Fayed and the vehicle 's driver were also killed in the collision in a tunnel under the Place de l'Alma in the centre of the city .
The princess ' Mercedes car was apparently being pursued at high speed by photographers on motorbikes when it hit a pillar and smashed into a wall .
Mr Al Fayed and the chauffeur died at the scene but the princess and her bodyguard were cut from the wreckage and rushed to hospital .
The French authorities have begun a criminal investigation and are questioning seven photographers .
Tributes to the princess have been pouring in from around the world .
Speaking from his home in South Africa , the princess ' brother , Lord Charles Spencer , said his sister had been " unique " .
While it was not the time for recriminations there was no doubt the press had played a part in her death , the earl added .
Hundreds of mourners have gathered at the princess ' London home , Kensington Palace and many have laid flowers at the gates .
