I want to catch it and feed it coffee , just to see what happens .
Is that bad ?
LONG BEACH , California – Bedfellows were never more strange than those assembling this week for the annual Technology , Entertainment and Design ( TED ) conference launching Wednesday in Long Beach .
Avatar director James Cameron , Microsoft founder Bill Gates , former covert CIA analyst Valerie Plame , 4 chan founder and provocateur Christopher " Moot " Poole and potty - mouthed comedian Sarah Silverman are among the eclectic mix of speakers that will rock the harbor town through Saturday .
The four - day , $ 6,000 a head , invitation - only event , dubbed " Davos for the Digerati set , " will gather industry titans , celebrities , academics and alpha geeks for its 26th year .
This year ’s overall theme is " What the World Needs Now , " with separate themes listed for each track of speakers .
Gates , who last year made headlines after releasing a handful of mosquitoes on stage to draw attention to malaria , will be speaking in a session dubbed " Boldness " about work being done by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to eradicate malaria .
Plame and Poole will both appear in a session dubbed " Provocation . "
Poole will discuss 4 chan , the online forum he created that serves as a haunt for would - be hackers and members of Anonymous – a motley , loose - knit crew of online rabble - rousers who have launched crusades against the Church of Scientology , the Australian government and others , while often missing their mark .
Other speakers include :
Temple Grandin , an autism activist and designer of livestock facilities , who is the subject of an HBO biopic with actress Claire Danes ;
biologist Cheryl Hayashi will discuss the amazing properties of spider silk and its possible uses in protective armor for soldiers on the battlefield as well as biodegradable surgical sutures ;
legal activist Philip Howard will take on the provocative topic of why the world can do without lawyers ;
cell biologist Mark Roth will discuss the latest research into the possible use of hydrogen sulfide to reduce the metabolism of trauma patients and heart - attack victims to buy time until they can be treated ;
and interface designer John Underkoffler will discuss the point - and - touch interface he invented .
To provide respite from the often rich and heady presentations of TED speakers , an array of musicians and artists will provide palate - cleansing performances – former Talking Heads musician David Byrne , as well as singers Natalie Merchant and Sheryl Crow .
Wired magazine 's Chris Anderson will also be showing attendees the magazine 's new strategy for bringing its content to users of Apple 's new iPad device .
Continuing this year is the TED fellowship program that opens TED ’s elite doors to more than three dozen up - and - coming thinkers and doers from developing regions who are invited to attend for free .
Founded in 1984 by architect and designer Richard Saul Wurman as a kind of dream dinner party with interesting people he wanted to meet , the conference was bought by publisher Chris Anderson in 2001 ( not Wired 's Chris Anderson ) .
Anderson 's nonprofit , Sapling Foundation , now runs the conference , along with the TED Global conference held in Oxford , England , each year , and the satellite TED Africa and TED India events .
Since taking over eight years ago , Anderson has focused the conference on philanthropy and social consciousness .
The primary purpose is to cross-pollinate people from various fields to share knowledge about the latest developments in the sciences and arts and to inspire attendees to think imaginatively about their own contributions to the world .
The conference attracts a wide range of attendees , whose accomplishments and notoriety often rival the speakers -– Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin , musician Peter Gabriel and comedian Robin Williams have appeared at past events .
Past speakers have included former Vice President Al Gore , filmmaker J.J. Abrams , Sims creator Will Wright and physicist Stephen Hawking .
Generally , one talk stands out each year as the crowd favorite , for varying reasons .
In 2008 , it was neuroanatomist Jill Bolte Taylor ’s riveting account of a stroke she experienced years earlier .
In 2006 , Hans Rosling , a geeky professor of international health at Sweden ’s Karolinska Institute , became the resident rock star for his surprisingly stunning presentation on statistics and the developing world .
Among the annual features of the conference is the TED prize , generally given to three recipients .
This year it will be given only to one – celebrity chef and author Jamie Oliver .
The prize is an annual award launched in 2005 to recognize individuals whose work has had and will have a powerful and positive impact on society .
It provides each recipient with $ 100,000 and the chance to ask for help from the TED community in achieving one grand wish to change the world .
Past winners have included U2 singer Bono , former President Bill Clinton , oceanographer Sylvia Earle , astronomer Jill Cornell Tarter , and former economist and trained musician Jose Antonio Abreu .
Oliver will receive his award and reveal his wish at a ceremony Wednesday night .
Those who are n’t invited to TED can see the conference presentations as they 're posted to the web over several weeks after the conference ends .
Since TED began posting videos of its talks in 2006 , more than 15 million visitors have viewed them .
Earlier this year , TED launched a translation / transcription version of its talks .
The tool combines crowdsourcing with smart language markup to provide translated and transcribed videos in more than 40 languages – from Arabic to Urdu – that can be indexed and searched by keywords .
Users can click on any phrase in the transcript of a talk , and jump to that point in the video .
Wired.com will publish stories from the conference all week .
Lou Ruvo Center for brain health designed by a world renowned architect Frank Gehry .
Located in Las Vegas , the building features modern examination rooms , offices for health care practitioners , research labs , and a community auditorium .
[ photos by estlee ]
Known at home as the ‘ prince ’ , Maksim Bakiyev is believed to have fled the country on 6 April on a flight to Washington .
The United States has denied reports that the son of the former president applied for refugee status .
He and his father are viewed as the main culprits in the country ’s economic implosion .
Bishkek ( AsiaNews ) – In Kyrgyzstan , former President Kurmanbek Bakiyev ’ favourite son was known as the ‘ prince ’ and was touted as his almost certain successor .
Now , ten days after a revolt ousted the father , 32 - year - old Maksim has disappeared .
The mystery over his whereabouts began on 6 April , when he left the country on a flight to Washington to meet with US officials .
Maksim Bakiyev ran Kyrgyzstan 's Central Agency for Development , Investment and Innovation , but when unrest broke out meetings with the Americans were cancelled .
At that point , the scion of the former president disappeared .
The US government denied reports that he had applied for political asylum .
Kyrgyzstan ’s interim government charged him with abuse of power and embezzlement
Under the circumstance , any return home is not likely .
What is certain is that he was perhaps the most hated member of the Bakiyev clan , a man who virtually controlled the country ’s economy and exerted powers almost equal to those of a prime minister .
In the absence of reliable information , Radio Free Europe has begun monitoring livejournal , a virtual community where members can keep a journal or diary .
Since 8 April , right after the former Kyrgyz president was ousted , someone has been signing in with the username maksimbakiev .
The last post is dated 16 April , and carries a statement signed ‘K Bakiyev ’ in which the Kyrgyz president announces his resignation as head of state and charges the members of the provisional government for the recent bloodbath .
Other posts include news about Kyrgyzstan , citing Russian sources like the Interfax news agency .
One thing was removed from the journal , namely the user ’s location , initially posted on 8 April as the city of New York in the original profile .
Now no location is given .
Miner Wars Flythrough Hello Community !
First of all let me thank you for all the positive feedback we received on our 30 user release of the non-interactive flythrough .
We were absolutely thrilled to find out that there were almost no bugs or graphical glitches on your computers .
Some very small nuissances were present but no " A " type bugs that could potentially break the game for you were reported .
Because of this we have decided that we will be releasing a public flythrough version to further test the capabilities of the engine .
The public version will be released over the weekend and it will contain 4 new non-interactive animations that will include some new ships and new textures present in the current build .
This build will be updated frequently .
All the changes will be announced in the news section .
Miner Wars Flythrough
Hello Community !
First of all let me thank you for all the positive feedback we received on our 30 user release of the non-interactive flythrough .
We were absolutely thrilled to find out that there were almost no bugs or graphical glitches on your computers .
Some very small nuissances were present but no " A " type bugs that could potentially break the game for you were reported .
Because of this we have decided that we will be releasing a public flythrough version to further test the capabilities of the engine .
The public version will be released over the weekend and it will contain 4 new non-interactive animations that will include some new ships and new textures present in the current build .
This build will be updated frequently .
All the changes will be announced in the news section .
And now let me introduce you to our new team member !
Arronix - is a C# coder .
He is our friend and has got a huge experience with development on the Windows plaform .
Arronix`s frist task will be to write an application that will stress - test our servers so that they could handle tens of thousands players at once .
Welcome Arronix !
Miner Wars team count : 8
On a development note :
Works are steadily progressing on the multiplayer part of the game
We have succesfully implemented and tested the functionality of joining the game and entering a sector .
Tens of new 3D models have been imported into the game
Many of our current models have received a texture rewamp
Additionally we are really pleased to see that many people from community have sent their application to work on our team .
We are doing everything we can to get back to all of you in time .
For all of you that have not applied yet please do so anytime if you feel like it .
Nobody will be rejected .
thx !
Darghan
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Good for the birds ?
Putting food out for wild birds in spring and summer may hinder their reproduction in some circumstances .
A study by the University of Birmingham , UK has found tits given supplementary food in a woodland during spring and summer have smaller broods .
Bird feeding in the UK is hugely popular , and research has shown it aids bird 's survival in the winter .
But scientists say the new study highlights how little we know about the impacts on birds of artificial feeding .
We expected supplemented birds to lay more eggs and to have larger broods , but the opposite occurred
Dr Tim Harrison , BTO
" We do not recommend that people should stop feeding birds in their garden , " says Dr Timothy Harrison , an ornithologist now at the British Trust for Ornithology ( BTO ) in Thetford , Norfolk , UK .
" Indeed , with less natural food in urbans areas , such feeding could be essential .
But given that millions of people feed their birds in their gardens , we still know remarkably little about the effects .
" Our study revealed some unexpected findings . "
Dr Harrison conducted the study with Dr Jim Reynolds and Professor Graham Martin and colleagues of the Centre of Ornithology at the University of Birmingham , Dr Dan Chamberlain of the BTO and Dr Stuart Bearhop of the University of Exeter , among others .
In a broad - leaved woodland in Worcestershire , they provided food supplements to blue tits ( Cyanistes caeruleus ) and great tits ( Parus major ) .
Breeding great tit
They split birds nesting in 288 nest boxes into three groups .
Two groups of 96 nest boxes were fed a supplement of commercially available peanut cake , an energy rich food made of 50 % ground peanuts and 50 % beef tallow .
As a control , the researchers did not feed a third group of 96 nest boxes .
Peanut cake was provided from early March , about four to five weeks before blue and great tits begin laying , to the end of July , six weeks or more after their chicks fledge .
Over three years , the researchers rotated the treatment regimes , so each group of birds were fed peanut cake two years out of three .
Unexpected impact
Feeding the birds extra food had a significant impact on their breeding , compared to the controls .
" In both blue and great tits food supplementation advanced the onset of laying and shortened incubation periods , " Dr Harrison told the BBC .
" These effects can be explained by increased food availability , and can advance the timing of fledging which improves the survival prospects of the fledgling blue and great tits . "
" However , we did not predict reduced productivity as a consequence of food supplementation .
We expected supplemented birds to lay more eggs and to have larger broods , but the opposite occurred . "
Among artificially - fed birds , clutch sizes declined significantly when more food was available , the researchers report in the journal Oecologia .
Hatching success also fell among blue tits , while it did n't change among great tits .
In both species , resulting brood sizes also declined significantly , with food - supplemented birds hatching half a chick fewer on average per nest .
The study is the first to show that supplementary feeding can reduce hatching success and brood sizes in passerine birds .
A blue tit emerges
Crucially , two species were similarly affected , suggesting that the impact may be wider .
The cause is unclear .
It might be the extra food changed the diet of the birds at a crucial stage before breeding , creating a knock - on effect .
Or territorial birds may have fought more over well provisioned sites , harming their breeding success .
Keep feeding
However , the researchers are keen to stress that people should continue to put out food for birds .
Studies show that between 34 - 75 % of UK households provide food for birds at some point during the year , providing around 50 - 60,000 tonnes of food .
" There is strong evidence that food supplementation can have positive effects , " says Dr Harrison .
SOURCES
Visit Oecologia to read more about the research into feeding blue and great tits
" For example , numerous studies have shown that feeding during winter can enhance the survival prospects of birds .
However , the influence of provision across the breeding season is still relatively unknown . "
Another important qualification is that due to the difficulties of acquiring an urban study site , the research took place in woodland , not in a city or town where most people feed birds .
Blue and great tits are most productive in broad leaf woodland , due to the abundance of natural foods such as caterpillars .
Because such food is scarcer in towns and cities , supplementary feeding may be more beneficial .
However , it remains unclear if feeding in city gardens really benefits either species .
Amish Wedding Foods Inc. of Millersburg , Ohio , is recalling all lots of 9 , 16 , and 18 ounce pumpkin butter , as well as all lots of 16 and 18 ounce sweet potato butter .
The recall was issued when it was learned the products may contain botulism .
The affected products were sold in North Carolina and most other states under a wide variety of brand names .
According to a press release issued by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , it was determined that the recalled Amish Wedding products had a pH and water activity level that was too high and was considered a possible health hazard .
With these high levels , FDA concluded that the products presented a dangerous environment that could support Clostridium botulinum growth , which can lead to botulism .
Symptoms of botulism usually begin within 36 hours , and they include vertigo , weakness and general fatigue .
Following these symptoms a person may experience double vision , difficulty swallowing , and speaking .
Some may experience muscle weakness , abdominal distention , constipation and trouble breathing .
In addition to North Carolina , the sweet potato butter and pumpkin butter were sold to retailers and distributors in Alabama , Arizona , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Maine , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texan , Vermont , Virginia , Washington , West Virginia , Wisconsin , and Wyoming .
There have been no reported illnesses associated with the consumption of these products .
Products may be returned to the place of purchase for a refund .
Anyone with questions about the Amish Wedding Foods , Inc. products that were recalled may contact Luke Stutzman at ( 330 ) 674-9199 .
He is available Monday through Friday from 7 a.m. until 2:30 p.m .
All photos ( except the crappy ones without her watermark -- I took those ) by Anne C. Savage , my talented and beautiful wife .
Visit her website HERE .
No , seriously , you should .
She 's amazing .
There 's not much to say about the teabaggers themselves .
Since it was Ann Arbor and they have been repeatedly ( and mostly justifiably ) accused of being racist , they found a nice older African American woman to emcee .
We knew she was African American because ( a ) her skin was brown and ( b ) she mentioned that she was raised by African American parents about ten times during the rally .
About 600 people showed up , about 400 were counter - protesters ( the Good Guys . )
The counter - protest was organized by the Univ. of Mich .
College Dems , a dynamite group of very hard - working young Democrats .
They had their counter - rally begin an hour early at 6:00 .
The teabaggers got wind of this so they tried moving theirs to 5:00 and then 4:30 based on their Facebook page - a counter - counter - rally if you will .
The speakers began at 7:00 and they were ... well ... boring .
No , seriously .
I guess Michigan does n't really have any good teabag speakers or I 'm just used to it now but these people are really ho hum these days .
Because they are actually all pretty much getting tax cuts , they 've been reduced to decrying the criminality of ALL taxes now .
One guy suggested that taxes should only be used for wars ( or getting ready for wars , of course . )
Other than that , it 's THEFT !
So , we amused ourselves with looking at all the signs and comparing & contrasting the smiling happy faces of the Democrats with the angry , scowling faces of the teabaggers .
And , just to warn you , this is a college town and everyone had their spell checkers turned on : no comical misspellings were to be found .
This girl ♥ puppies .
You can never go wrong if you ♥ puppies :
These students recognized the irony of holding a rally to protest taxes and " socialism " on a publicly - funded campus :
Hey , wait .
There 's that waffles guy again :
A return of Led Zepplin : demanded !
Here 's me educating some teabaggers .
My sign said " Washington IS listening to us !
Support the Obama TAX CUTS ! "
I think of this one as " The Battle of the Bellies " .
Angry - looking fat white guys at a teabagger rally .
What are the odds ...?
[ NOTE : I am retracting this comment and have issued a public apology to the three men HERE .
Please read it . ]
Waffle Dude , you 're everywhere !
( By the way , the guy holding the " Inflation is a tax " sign is the guy I wrote about yesterday that called OFA volunteers " equivalent to Brown Shirts " .
Creep . )
This guy ran out of money when he bought the can of spray paint .
Could n't afford the posterboard .
Totally did n't matter .
( I did n't realize Colbert was running in the midterms , though ... ;)
Here 's the sign my buds from the most - awesome Obama Caucus of Ann Arbor brought along .
Hard - core phone banking and canvassing liberals , that group .
Oh .
Look .
More angry white people ...
A grateful college student is a wonderful thing to behold :
Cheer up , grandpa .
You got a tax cut .
A worthy protest :
Ahhh ... there 's the love :
These ladies were the craziest of all the teabaggers .
Hilariously , they showed up about an hour into the program , wandered around with their offensive signs for about 15 minutes then left again .
Musta got themselves all worn out with all that protestin ' ...
Wait , is that Waffle Guy again ?
Hell , yeah , that 's Waffle Guy again !
Remember that protester your government warned you about ? [???]
This is that guy :
Toward the end , a bunch of us went behind the speakers and started dancing to the music they played .
That 's my good buddy , Tom , with the " I Have a SIGN " sign .
And , wait a second .
Is that Waffle Guy again ?
When the Lee Patriotwood ( or whatever his name is ) song came on , we all swayed and sang along ...
" I 'm proud to be an American , where at least I know I'm FREEEEEEEE ... "
Oh , Jebus , lady !
You 're harshin ' my buzz !
Besides , ACORN ???
Dude , that is so January 2010 ...
( It should be noted that State Senate Republican Leader Mike Bishop showed up at the end to make a speech .
I was n't aware he was aligning himself with the teabaggers . )
So , all in all , pretty boring .
Mostly funny because the liberal students ( and even non-students ) chose to use the event to have some fun and not take themselves too seriously .
One group held a Mad Hatter Tea Party right smack in the middle of everything and carried around a huge sign saying , " Where 's my bloody crumpet ? "
There were pretty much no altercations .
I saw no Hitler mustaches .
No flagrantly racist signs ( although there were some questionable comments by one speaker . )
Their speakers were boring and spouted the same platitudes you hear every time .
They talk about getting organized but they hate Republicans almost as much as Democrats to listen to them .
Because of this they have no political apparatus to connect with so they have almost no chance of any solid electoral success , at least not in this area .
Frankly they just really come across as a bunch of pouty , spoiled brats who still can not accept the fact that they lost the election in 2008 .
Well , boo hoo , folks .
You did .
And we did n't .
And we 're making progress .
And you just have to deal .
If you likey , would you mind giving me a Digg ?
Thanks !
I 'm just sayin ' ...
UPDATE 2 : Hate mail starting to roll in .
Just got this one from " Alex Tijerna " :
Subj : Only 400 people ( Good Guys )
So there was only 400 people .
That is nothing .
For as liberal as Anabor is you would expect more .
Guess the 15 % unemployment in Michigan either is staying at home or people are waking up that all " This Hope and Change " are nothing but a punch of words .
I typed that exactly how I received it , bold font , misspellings and laughable grammar included .
More in the comments section on my blog .
UPDATE 3 : More photos from the rally from my friend , Pam , can be seen HERE ( including the " Bloody Crumpets " sign and the Mad Hatter Tea Party guys .
Become a Facebook Fan of Anne C. Savage Photography by clicking the button below :
Best Lifehack Blogs & Sites
Remembering when the internet was all about lifehacks ?
That moment has long since passed , which is kind of a bummer because there ’s nothing better than the occasional pro tip .
So , we ’ve scoured the internet for the most active , useful lifehack websites .
These sources range from forums to blogs to established websites .
Whatever the source , these sites are reliable and useful .
Lifehacker
Lifehacker tops our list because it has an actual team of editors and writers working on ( or vetting ) these lifehacks .
They offer ways to improve your life in a variety of spheres , from cooking to technology .
Life Pro Tips
I love this forum .
With some 17 + million users , you get all sorts of lifehacks .
The bad ones tend to float to the bottom , while the good ones rise to the top .
These lifehacks keep pace with the times , and they just keep coming .
Reddit Lifehacks
While “ Life Pro Tips ” is a text - based lifehack forum , Lifehacks is mostly about pictures and videos .
It ’s a smaller forum , but still huge at 3 million .
Lots of great tips for everything here .
Dumb Little Man
The online magazine Dumb Little Man has been sharing inspiration , lifehacks , and motivational content since 2006 .
There ’s something for everyone here , from the entrepreneur to the family , the love - seeker to the traveler .
Marc and Angel Hack Life
Marc and Angel Chernoff , New York Times bestselling authors , are professional coaches who aim to make your life better .
Their blog shares mostly inspirational contents that aim to help you ditch negativity from your life be happier and more productive .
Life Optimizer
Life Optimizer was founded by Donald Latumahina , an Indonesian IT professional .
In his blog he reflects on ways to make life a little bit better , both your personal life and your work life .
Positivity Blog
Henrik Edberg is a blogger and entrepreneur from Sweden .
He began this blog in 2006 as he tried to learn more about personal development .
His work has been featured in a variety of lifehack blogs , but this is the source .
Google is almost ready to start selling its own tablet .
The device , according to the New York Times , will be " an e-reader that would function like a computer . "
So close is it that Eric Schmidt , CEO at Google , was describing it to friends at " a recent party in Los Angeles . "
The slate - like computer will run Android , and anonymous sources say that Google has already been working with publishers to put books and magazines on the device .
The choice of Android seems odd , given that Google is committed to the Chrome OS on the netbook platform .
But Chrome will be an almost non-existent operating system , offering just enough software to load a browser and access Google 's online services .
Android , on the other hand , is already well - developed and full - featured enough to offer all that you get from Apple 's iPad .
It is also designed to be used on a touchscreen device , something that can't be said for a skinned desktop OS like Windows 7 .
A Google tablet could be the only tablet capable of actually challenging the iPad , avoiding the iPod whitewash in which Apple thrashed everyone , even Sony .
It would also have some advantages .
Google 's services , for one .
Apple still does n't get the cloud , and getting data on and off the iPad is still largely done over a USB cable .
Android is also the only other real player in apps with the Android Marketplace .
It is way behind the iTunes App Store in numbers , but is at least in second place .
And do n't forget Google books , the Google Reader and Google Voice ( soon to feature desktop VoIP , thanks to the recent purchase of Skype- rival Gizmo ) .
Add in the fact that Google is committed to an open platform for which anyone can develop software ( unlike Apple 's closed ecosystem ) , and you have a tablet that could be the perfect opposite of Apple's .
Will Google march ahead and beat Apple like Microsoft did with Windows in the 1990s ?
We doubt it :
We have a feeling that Microsoft is the one in trouble this time , at least in the mobile industry .
One thing is for sure , though .
Even if you 're a huge fan of the iPad , having Google nipping at its heels will keep Apple focused and everyone will benefit .
At least the free market is good for something .
After iPad , Rivals Offer Variations on a Theme [ New York Times ]
Tablet mock - ups : Glen Murphy / Google
See Also :
I ’ve been beginning to tinker with Amazon EC2 and I figured that many might benefit from a Gentoo - from - scratch recipe .
There are n’t too many gotchas .
Credit is due to this blog for providing a good non-Gentoo - specific overview .
Before trying any of this , you need to be at least a little familiar with EC2 .
They have a great getting started walkthrough here .
Once you know how to start instances and connect to them you ’re halfway there .
You ’ll also need to set up an S3 account and have an access key and secret key to store your images .
On your gentoo box install ec2 - ami - tools and ec2 - api-tools .
The biggest issue we ’re going to have to deal with is that you ca n’t supply your own kernel .
The two issues this creates are udev compatibility and kernel modules .
The former is dealt with by setting package .
mask , and the latter by hunting down module tarballs online .
The modules are fairly optional unless you want to bundle a running image ( this requires loop support , which is n’t built in the EC2 kernel ) .
You might be tempted to start from an existing EC2 AMI .
If you find a good one , that is n’t a bad idea , but most of them are VERY out of date .
Updating a gentoo install with a pre-EAPI portage and glibc / gcc versions that are n’t even in the tree any longer will be painful .
Creating one from scratch is n’t actually that hard .
So , without further ado , here is the recipe ( the steps generally follow the Gentoo handbook , so be sure to follow along in that ) :
Get yourself a stage3 and portage snapshot per the handbook .
x86 or amd64 is fine , but be sure to check the Amazon EC2 product page to see which of their offerings are 32/64 - bit .
This guide is written for 64 - bit .
Create yourself a disk image with dd if=/ dev/zero of=image.fs bs=1M count=5000 – feel free to tailor the size to your needs but mind the EC2 root filesystem limitations unless you want to run it on elastic storage .
The uploaded image will be compressed so you wo n’t be paying for any unused space in your image .
Point a loopback at your image , format it with a supported filesystem of your choice , and mount it .
Extract the stage3 into your mount .
Extract your portage snapshot as well .
Tailor your make .conf as desired – set mirrors / etc .
Copy your resolv.conf so that you can chroot .
Mount / proc and / dev per the handbook .
If you ’re going to install screen bind mount / dev/pts as well .
Chroot into your new environment .
Env-update and source / etc / profile .
Do an emerge –sync .
Select a profile .
Honestly , for most EC2 applications you ’re going to want the default 10.0 profile , but it is up to you .
Edit your locales and run locale - gen – sooner or later you ’re going to have to update glibc so no sense taking all day to do it .
Set your timezone – I believe EC2 uses GMT but let me know if I ’m wrong on that .
Set up your fstab ( this is for 64 - bit – see the EC2 docs for more details ) :
/dev/sda1 / ext3 defaults 1 1
/ dev/sdb / mnt ext3 defaults 0 0
none / dev/pts devpts gid=5 , mode=620 0 0
none / dev/ shm tmpfs defaults 0 0
none / proc proc defaults 0 0
none /sys sysfs defaults 0 0
Set net .eth0 to start in the default runlevel
Set a root password .
Create and properly set permissions on / root / .ssh / authorized_keys and put anything appropriate in there .
Emerge and set to run syslog-ng .
If you need cron install the cron daemon of your choice .
Keep in mind that EC2 instances are volatile so cron is probably less useful than it normally would be .
Add >=sys-fs/udev-125 to your package .
mask file .
Populate your world file .
A dhcp client like dhcpcd is essential , everything else here is optional :
app-admin/ec2-ami-tools
app-admin/ec2-api-tools
app-admin/syslog-ng
app-editors / vim
app-misc / screen
app - portage / cfg-update
net-misc/ dhcpcd
sys-process / atop
Do an emerge - au world to install your software , it will downgrade udev and this is a good thing .
Update all your .config files
Remove any unnecessary tarballs , configure user accounts if needed , and do any application setup based upon the purpose of your system .
Add the following to your local .
start ( credits to whoever created the ami I ripped this out of – I ’ll be happy to post them if you identify yourself – as far as I can tell ami owners ca n’t be identified ) :
[ ! -e /root ] && cp -r /etc/skel /root
if [ !
-d /root /.ssh ] ; then
mkdir -p /root/.ssh
chmod 700 /root/.ssh
fi
curl http://169.254.169.254/2008-02-01//meta-data/public-keys/0/openssh-key >
/tmp/my-key
if [ $ ? - eq 0 ] ; then
cat /tmp/my-key >> /root/.ssh/authorized_keys
chmod 600 /root/.ssh/authorized_keys
rm /tmp/my-key
fi
killall nash - hotplug
Configure sshd to run at startup , and edit your sshd config to allow root to login .
Exit your chroot , umount anything mounted inside of it .
Clean up tmp , var / tmp , and usr / portage / distfiles , and any other messes you have made .
I suspect that to compress the image fully you probably need to zero the free space ( dd if=/dev/zero of=file - inside - filesystem BS=1 M count=5000 ; rm file - inside - filesystem ) .
Umount your image and delete any loops you created .
Congratulations , you now have a raw image file suitable for EC2 .
Now we just need to bundle , upload , and register it .
Bundle your image with :
mkdir out
ec2 - bundle - image -- image path - to - image -- prefix give - it - a - name -- cert path - to - cert - file -- privatekey path - to - pk - file -- user youramazonaccountnumber -- destination out / -- arch x86_64
Upload your image with :
ec2 -upload - bundle -- manifest out/prefix.manifest.xml -- bucket S3 - bucket - name -- access -key S3accesskeyhere -- secret - key S3secretkeyhere Register your image with :
ec2 - register S3 - bucket-name/prefix.manifest.xml
Congratulations , you now have what should be a working ami .
If you ever need to update it you can just chroot into your image , adjust it , and then re-bundle , upload , and register .
If you need to delete an ami there is a command that will do it , but I usually just use s3cmd .
You might want to see my updated guide on building with a custom kernel .
A rep for Coleman released this statement : " Thanks to everyone for their well wishing and support during this tragic time .
Now that Gary has passed , we know he will be missed because of all the love and support shown in the past couple of days .
Gary is now at peace and his memory will be kept in the hearts of those who were entertained by him throughout the years . "
Guillen was nice enough to autograph a ball for an Indians fan before last night 's game .
He also put a personalized message on there .
( Other side , just as knife - twisting , after the jump . )
Advertisement
[ via the Dan LeBatard Show ] ( Thanks to Primo for the tip )
Amazon Simple Notification Service ( SNS ) is a fully managed messaging service for both system - to - system and app - to - person ( A2P ) communication .
It enables you to communicate between systems through publish / subscribe ( pub / sub ) patterns that enable messaging between decoupled microservice applications or to communicate directly to users via SMS , mobile push and email .
The system - to - system pub / sub functionality provides topics for high - throughput , push - based , many - to - many messaging .
Using Amazon SNS topics , your publisher systems can fanout messages to a large number of subscriber systems or customer endpoints including Amazon SQS queues , AWS Lambda functions and HTTP/S , for parallel processing .
The A2P messaging functionality enables you to send messages to users at scale using either a pub / sub pattern or direct - publish messages using a single API .
Barely four months after the launch of its first smartphone , the HTC - built Nexus One , Google 's commitment to the device seems to be on the wane .
Google is now pointing customers interested in buying a Verizon version of the Nexus One to the newly launched HTC Droid Incredible phone .
The Incredible , which has garnered rave reviews , is on par with the Nexus One in terms of processing power and its vivid OLED display , but packs a more powerful camera .
Google has also said that it is no longer working on " further engineering improvements " to the 3G reception on its Nexus .
Some people are taking that as a sign that the search company might not be in the handset business for the long haul .
In Silicon Valley , Nexus Ones are remarkably easy to get hold of , thanks to a generous developer program , liberal press review program and other handouts .
Google is literally giving them away , which is never a sign of a hot product .
Indeed , Nexus
One sales are barely a blip on the market - share charts .
Google sold only 135,000 units in its first 74 days , compared to 1 million iPhones and 1.05 million Droids in those phones ' first 74 days .
But that does n't mean the Nexus One is a failure : Far from it .
In fact , it 's a sort of inspired experiment , a laboratory for Google to get a taste of the mobile - handset business , up close and personal .
For instance , who could have realized the extent to which the lack of a telephone support line would make Google - loving customers unhappy ?
The Nexus One gives Google direct - sales experience and customer contact that they do n't get as the developer of the Android OS , which is used on many phones from other manufacturers .
Indeed , competing with those manufacturers may be the last thing Google wants .
" It was n't about Google becoming a phone company , " wrote telecom analyst Jack Gold in a recent e-mail newsletter .
" It was about Google getting a significant number of devices out there to form a big ' reference platform ' testing / pilot environment where they could model , test and tune their ecosystem based on the real - life use of the early adopters who would buy NexusOne . "
When we asked Google for a comment , a company spokesperson said , " We've said from the beginning that Nexus One is the first of many Google - branded Android handsets .
Today 's announcement ( steering Nexus One customers to the HTC Incredible on Verizon ) does n't mean any change on that front . "
Google may not be saying much , but here 's our takeaway on the lessons Google has learned – or should have learned – from the Nexus One .
1 ) You can't sell phones like computers .
At first , Google 's strategy to offer a phone just through its website , bypassing traditional wireless - carrier stores , may have seemed innovative and clever .
After all , consumers buy almost all their major electronics products online , including computers , storage devices , digital media players and even TVs .
But when it comes to cellphones , users want to touch and play with the product .
And they want in - store customer support for these devices .
" Fundamentally , Google ’s contention that mobile phones will increasingly be purchased more like other consumer electronics – online and without subsidy – has so far been proven wrong , or at least premature , " said Charles Golvin , an analyst with Forrester Research .
" Very few U.S. consumers will spend $ 500 for a phone , and even fewer will do so without at least the opportunity to paw the hardware , even if they eventually buy online , " said Colvin .
Even those who purchased the device through Google 's online store faced problems .
Nexus
One was plagued by consumer complaints , including spotty 3G connectivity , a high early termination fee and poor customer support from Google .
Weeks after the device 's launch , Google finally introduced a phone support line .
Until then , customers with problems could only e-mail Google and had to wait for hours for a response .
" Google ’s technical support for the device has been derided both online and in the media , deservedly , " said Golvin . "
In the intensely competitive world of mobile handsets , that just does n't cut it .
2 ) Marketing matters .
All those iPhone and Droid commercials on TV may seem like ego trips for the Apple and Motorola .
But marketing plays a big role in phone sales .
Smartphones are not just for gadget - heads , so if handset makers want to reach an audience beyond the early adopters , they have to advertise and sell their product through traditional media channels .
Google did n't capitalize on the initial buzz around the first " Googlephone . "
The company never ran a focused marketing campaign that would try to impress on potential customers why the Nexus One was worth considering .
The result has been that few potential customers have had a chance to hear why the phone may be special .
Google also limited itself by offering the device only on T - Mobile .
Last month , it extended it to AT&T , but AT&T customers will not get a subsidy on the device and will have to pay the full price – $ 530 – for the unlocked version of the phone .
3 ) In mobile phones , Google is a startup .__
__
The search giant 's web products draw in millions of users , which means even half - baked ideas like Google Wave get a full workout from people eager to try the company 's latest new thing .
But in the world of consumer electronics , Google is a rookie , and the company will have to fight hard for its place .
It has to build the retail relationships that companies such as Research In Motion and Motorola have created over the years .
While Apple can use its own retail stores to let customers play with the iPhone , Motorola 's Droid is available at Best Buy .
When it comes to selling mobile handsets , Google needs to find the right spot for its devices .
Google also has to build relationships with cellphone carriers .
In the mobile world , carriers are extremely powerful , and for good reason :
Without a good cellular data network , using even the most high - end phone becomes an exercise in frustration .
A typical consumer 's choice between a Nexus One and a Droid may come down to which carrier offers it .
Google needs to craft its retail strategy with that in mind .
4 ) The mobile phone ecosystem is complex .
With Android , Google is trying to do with mobile phones what Microsoft did with Windows on PCs .
Instead of having a proprietary operating system tied to hardware made by the same company , Google wants to separate the two .
Handset makers such as Motorola and HTC are buying into the strategy .
But to help them give up their older operating systems and use Android , Google needs to understand how phones are designed , developed , priced and sold .
It also needs to understand how customers use these products and the challenges they face .
Listening to its hardware partners talk about this with PowerPoint presentations is one way .
Getting your hands dirty to do it yourself , is another , and that 's what Google did with Nexus One .
" At 200 K to 300 K or so devices deployed , think of all the feedback they can get on real world operations and user requirements , " said Gold .
" It 's a massive number of test subjects . "
With Nexus
One customers , Google not only gets to test and tune the device 's OS , but also the app store and delivery ecosystem , he said .
It gives Google the kind of insight that the company could use to create the next versions of the Android OS .
" If you call this type of an advanced ability to garner real - world customer data and hone your ecosystem a flop , then so be it , " said Gold .
" I see it as a pretty positive effort on Google ’s part .
If Google never makes a dime in the hardware market with its own Android - based products , it will still be a success . "
5 ) Earning developer goodwill is the key .
The success of Apple 's app store has spurred rivals to launch their own versions .
But with the exception of Android , few other app stores – including the BlackBerry World and the Palm app store – have come close to becoming a viable competitor to iPhone 's App Store .
One reason is that Google has been generous with seeding the developer community with the Nexus One .
A significant portion of the Nexus One sales went to programmers , and that 's not by accident .
Google has also been handing them out .
" Google got these devices into the hands of early adopters who are generally unlikely to be silent about any issues they may uncover , " said Gold .
" These are the kinds of debuggers you want working with your device in the early stages and giving you lots of feedback . "
Having its own Android device helped Google take control of this feedback without having to rely on the HTCs and the Motorolas of the world to do it .
For Google the handset experiment is n't over .
Andy Rubin , Google 's vice president of engineering and Android czar , has said that the company plans to come out with a series of Google phones .
Make no mistake , there will be another Google handset .
But it will not likely repeat the mistakes of the Nexus One , and future Googlephones phones will get better .
Just do n't expect a stunning blockbuster phone from Google , because Google understands it 's not in the business of just selling a phone .
Dylan
Tweney contributed to the reporting on this story .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Anti-government protesters climb a gate to enter parliament during a rally Wednesday in Bangkok .
Protesters left the building after about 20 minutes , reports say .
( ( Kerek Wongsa / Reuters ) )
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has declared a state of emergency in Bangkok , handing control of law and order to the military after thousands of anti-government protestors stormed the Thai parliament on Wednesday morning .
Abhisit made the announcement on national television just hours after the so - called Red Shirt protesters smashed their way into the compound .
Senior government officials inside fled through windows and scaled down ladders to escape .
Others were evacuated by helicopter .
The government already had placed Bangkok under the strict Internal Security Act , but a state of emergency includes more sweeping powers .
It gives the military authority to restore order and allows authorities to suspend certain civil liberties and ban public gatherings of more than five people .
Abhisit has also cancelled a planned trip to Vietnam on Thursday for a meeting of Southeast Asian leaders , the Reuters news agency reported .
He was also supposed to attend a global nuclear summit in Washington next Monday , but scotched those plans earlier this week .
The so - called Red Shirt protesters are demanding that Abhisit dissolve parliament within 15 days and call new elections .
He has offered to do so by the end of the year .
Demonstrators have been camped in Bangkok since March 12 and have ignored previous decrees for them to stop their protests .
Abhisit has become the target of harsh criticism for failing to take strong measures to end the protests .
Anti-government protesters struggle with riot police outside parliament Wednesday .
( ( Chaiwat Subprasom / Reuters ) )
" The government has tried its best to enforce the law , but violations of the law have increased , " Abhisit said in a televised statement that interrupted regular programming .
" Our main goal is to bring the country back to normal and make our law sacred once again . "
He did not spell out exactly how the emergency decree will be applied .
Red Shirt leaders responded to the emergency decree by telling protesters to stay put and wait for the military to arrive .
They have called a major rally for Friday .
Veera Muksikapong , a protest leader speaking to a rally in Bangkok 's central shopping district , directed a message to the army : " If you want to meet an army of nonviolent people , please come here .
But I believe that ultimately the military will not listen to the government 's order . "
Abhisit 's government is backed by the powerful military , but some have suggested the security forces are sympathetic to the protesters ' cause and are reluctant to get tough on them .
On Tuesday , Thai authorities moved thousands of troops in riot gear to confront the demonstrators at their encampment in the middle of Bangkok 's tourist and shopping district .
The protesters had been banned from 11 main streets , but they surged past lines of soldiers and police to parade raucously down several roadways .
Thailand has been dealing with political turmoil since early 2006 , when anti-Thaksin demonstrations began .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) -
A weekend rally in Jerusalem by Israelis demanding an end to their country ’s settlement and occupation of the West Bank was hailed by its left - wing sponsors as the start of a major push that could help U.S. peace efforts .
But the turnout of just a couple of thousand people drew scorn from settlers , who count on the rightist - led government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to resist President Barack Obama ’s drive for a deal to establish a Palestinian state .
“ This is a beginning , ” said one of the rally ’s organizers , Yariv Oppenheimer of the anti-settlement Peace Now group , promising to step up public campaigning .
“ It ’s a good turnout . ”
A crowd of 2,000 or so -- a shadow of the mass peace rallies of the 1990s but an improvement on recent attempts to galvanize support -- waved blue - and - white Israeli flags and placards reading “ Zionists Are Not Settlers ” on a warm Saturday evening .
Speaker after speaker told them they were the true patriots defending a Jewish state which risked disaster if “ nationalists ” on the right held on to occupied land so that Palestinians under Israel ’s rule would soon outnumber its 5.5 million Jews .
“ We want a Jewish state for the Jewish people with clear , recognized borders , not a Jewish state built on settlements and discrimination , ” said Eldad Yaniv , a founder last year of the National Left , one of several new groups arguing Israel must quit Arab land to remain a democracy with a Jewish majority .
Accused of treason and of being “ anti-Zionist ” by the “ national camp ” comprising religious settlers and their backers on Israel ’s right , the National Left ’s manifesto focuses on establishing its own credentials as defenders of a Zionist state whose founding generation were mostly secular socialists .
“ These people are getting more aggressive about being Zionist , ” said David Ricci , a politics professor at Jerusalem ’s Hebrew University who took part in the rally .
“ It ’s kind of new : they ’re saying a Palestinian state is in our interests . ”
SHOWING OBAMA
For Anat Maor , a former member of parliament for the small , left - wing Meretz party , the evening showed Israel ’s “ peace camp ” was still alive : “ It ’s important to us to show that it ’s not just outside pressure .
It is the voice of the people of Israel . ”
Reflecting skepticism about Netanyahu ’s good faith in saying he wants a “ two - state solution ” with the Palestinians , one man held a sign reading : “ Barack Obama , Please Force Peace On Us . ”
“ I ’m here because my country is being taken away from me ” by the right , said Zohar Eviatar , a psychology professor at Haifa University , as she waved a blue - and - white flag .
Yonat , a 26 - year - old youth worker , said as the national anthem concluded the rally on downtown Jaffa Road : “ Originally Zionism is a left - wing ideology .
The right has taken Zionism in a fascist direction but the flag and anthem are ours . ”
About 500,000 Jews , some citing a Biblical birthright , live in the West Bank and areas in and around East Jerusalem that Israel captured in a 1967 war .
Palestinians want to establish a state in the West Bank , East Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip .
While opinion polls continue to show mainstream support for a two - state solution outweighs opposition to handing over occupied land , voters deserted left - wing parties in droves after a Palestinian uprising began in 2000 .
They have yet to recover .
The long dominant Labour party of state founder David Ben-Gurion and the late , peacemaking premier Yitzhak Rabin has had just 13 of 120 seats in parliament since the election last year that brought Netanyahu ’s right - wing Likud back to power .
Many on Saturday wore blue T - shirts bearing the faces of Ben-Gurion and Rabin , who was assassinated at a peace rally in 1995 by an Israeli rightist .
They heard Achinoam Nini , a singer who also performed on the night Rabin was shot , tell them from the platform : “ We must take our fate in our own hands . ”
Netanyahu , pressed by the Obama administration , last year dropped his outright opposition to a Palestinian state .
But few analysts believe the conflict is close to resolution , despite a resumption of negotiations this month via U.S. mediators .
Settler leader Danny Dayan scoffed : “ The total failure of the new , united left movement to bring out more than a handful of demonstrators ... proves once again that the overwhelming majority of Israelis recognize that the Jewish residents of Yesha ( the occupied territories ) are true Zionists . ”
With a dose of self - deprecating humor on behalf of the aging baby - boomers and idealistic youngsters gathered to fly the flag of Israel ’s left , politics professor Ricci said : “ This is group therapy .
It ’s important that people come out and know that there are other people like me and that it ’s not all over . ”
Yesterday ’s slide in the US stock markets provides further proof that the world ’s financial markets are nothing more than a rigged casino where the house ( Wall Street ) holds by far the better odds in every game ( currency markets , stock markets , derivative markets , commodity markets ) it offers the mark ( the retail investor ) .
How else could the US DJIA lose 700 points in a 10 - minute span and a number of blue chip stocks lose 25 % , or 30 % in a matter of minutes as well ?
The answer ?
Wall Street ’s use of predatory algorithmic High Frequency Trading ( HFT ) programs that are designed to trigger cascade - like buying and selling .
To believe that , as an individual investor , you have a snowball ’s chance in hell of beating these Wall Street trading programs that front run your trades or block your trade executions faster than you can blink your eye is tantamount to believing that skill is involved in winning when you shimmy up to the slot machine stool at the Bellagio in Vegas .
Predatory algorithmic HFT programs are n’t called “ predatory ” without good reason .
Not that yesterday ’s selloff was n’t partially the result of fear injected into a Fed Reserve inflated stock market bubble , because it was .
But Wall Street deployed HFT programs had a lot to do with the cascading nature of the decline in yesterday ’s trading .
Continuing our casino analogy , HFT programs act in the same capacity as the thugs employed by casinos that take you to the back room to rain down their “ thuggery ” upon you if you start winning too much .
HFT programs are designed to block the retail investor from making successful trades against the trades of the house ( Wall Street ) and often prevent the retail investor from obtaining fair prices in the execution of trades in numerous financial markets .
Consider the following example .
Stock A ’s bid is $ 10.10 and the ask is $ 10.13 .
An investor places an order to buy at $ 10.13 .
Instead of his order being filled and executed as it would if human traders were executing the trade , HFT programs often immediately step up the ask price to $ 10.14 and screw both parties in the trade .
Depending on the orders that HFT programs “ see ” , sometimes the HFT will see an order at $ 10.13 , and step up the price to $ 10.18 so the bids follow higher and the bid price gets reset from $ 10.10 to $ 10.13 almost immediately .
Or , if the bid price does not follow higher , then the bid-ask spread becomes grotesquely distorted from $ 0.03 to $ 0.08 for no other reason than HFT programs are blocking liquidity .
Should the human trader withdraw his order to buy at $ 10.13 , then often the bid-ask spread almost immediately returns to $ 0.03 and the ask will subsequently fall from $ 10.18 back to $ 10.13 .
Should he place the order again seconds later , however , the bid-ask spread will often immediately increase again with the bid price increasing to a point higher than $ 10.13 again .
The HFT programs execute the shame shenanigans in the options markets depending on what side of the market they are manipulating .
I have many times been forced to take a lower profit on options trades because of HFT programs .
For example , if I placed an order to sell on option contracts at $ 2.50 when the bid is at $ 2.50 and the ask is $ 2.60 , instead of my order filling , the bid often immediately falls to $ 2.40 and the ask becomes $ 2.50 , blocking my order from filling .
HFT programs run amok in options markets as well .
This is Skynet from Terminator rigging markets , destroying liquidity and unfairly rigging prices of all possible financial instruments that trade in every conceivable market , all with the blessings of the SEC .
Wall Street has been running these types of scams ever since advances in technology have enabled them to develop algorithmic programs to manipulate markets .
In fact , on my company ’s website , I have stated the following message for a long time now :
“ Today , when stock markets rise in the face of horrid economic fundamentals , fundamental and technical analysis are inadequate when making critical decisions about your financial future …
If one expects to be profitable in today 's investment world , one MUST realize that ALL MARKETS ARE RIGGED , including gold , silver , currency and stock markets …
Without understanding the fraud and rigging games of the financial oligarchs , it is impossible to accurately predict long - term trends .
It is a near certainty that future shocks to the economic system will catch the vast majority of all investors unprepared and we expect great shocks to hit the global economy at some point in 2010 . ”
The only difference is that when I started pushing this message a decade ago , people laughed off my proclamations and accused me of being enamored with conspiracy theories .
Today , more and more people finally are awakening to the reality that such a message is not a conspiracy but a fact .
So this is how the Wall Street Casino Scam operates .
The ratings agencies like Moodys and Standard and Poors are the pretty cocktail waitresses that lure the mark ( the retail investor ) into the Casino ( stock markets ) with free alcoholic drinks ( abominably horrible and deceitful credit ratings of financial instruments ) to instill the mark with the false sense of confidence necessary to induce gambling in the rigged Casino .
The regulators like the CFTC and the SEC are the pit bosses that oversee the floormen ( Wall Street firm CEOs ) that oversee the table games dealers ( the firm ’s traders ) and ensure the games ( stock markets , currency markets , commodity markets ) you are allowed to play possess a feature ( HFT trading programs ) that ensures that the odds will always enormously be in favor of the house .
The pit boss oversees all floor dealers and conspire with the regulators ( the cocktail waitresses ) to give gamblers ( the investor ) a sense that all dealings are legitimate even though the odds of every table game ( currency markets , commodity markets , stock markets ) are insanely rigged in favor of the house ( Wall Street firms ) .
If we consider the table game of blackjack , in a real casino , should you receive a good hand , the dealer will pay out your bet .
In the case of Wall Street , due to HFT programs , in many instances , should an investor receive a favorable hand ( i.e. , a favorable move in the stock market ) in the game he or she is playing , HFT programs move in to prevent the bet from paying out in full or paying out at all ( an investor ’s sell order never executes at the price at which the market has informed the investor that he or she can cash out ) .
In essence , financial markets are rigged exactly like casinos except for one difference .
The predatory algorithms executed by HFT programs ensure the winnings of the house to a much greater extent than any Casino table game is able to accomplish .
It this sense , Wall Street is rigged to a greater extent than even casinos .
In the instances when you win , they deploy HFT trading programs that prevent the bet from paying out full value so that the house ( Wall Street firms ) can step in and earn profits from a trade it spots AFTER an order has already been placed .
Or in the mirror example , HFT programs allow the house ( Wall Street firms ) to step in front of trades they “ see ” and front run them for their own profits , again screwing the retail investor out of a lower price in a buy transaction .
In these cases , which must happen by the thousands every hour , the HFT programs employed by Wall Street screw both the buyer and seller in the transaction as it always attempts to widen the losses or lessen the gains of both parties involved .
In some instances , frustrated traders leave the game tables so liquidity dries up which leads to the establishment of even more grossly distorted and unfair bid and ask prices .
Despite this practice being commonplace , the pit bosses of the giant rigged Wall Street casino , men like Goldman Sachs ’s Lloyd Blankfein , want us to believe that their enormous profits are derived because of their upstanding integrity and above - average intelligence of his firm ’s employees .
Next on the list of financial weapons of mass destruction ?
The $ 600 trillion ( notional value ) of the derivatives market .
Oh , what joy we ’ll experience when the banksters are eventually forced to unwind a fraction of this market and various parties will actually be forced to make good on these contracts when the financial instruments insured by them start heading south ( or the true value of them are finally recognized , whichever comes first ) .
It 's no wonder that the price of gold has diverged from the behavior of the US dollar and US stock markets on multiple days for the last several weeks .
The next significant dip in gold / silver price that occurs may be the last best buying opportunity in " real " money for years .
About the author : JS Kim is the Chief Investment Strategist and Managing Director of SmartKnowledgeU , LLC , a fiercely independent wealth consultancy company that guides investors in the best ways to build wealth through the progression of this global financial crisis .
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Dr Wakefield still stands by his research
The doctor who first suggested a link between MMR vaccinations and autism has been struck off the medical register .
The General Medical Council found Dr Andrew Wakefield guilty of serious professional misconduct over the way he carried out his controversial research .
It follows a GMC ruling earlier this year that he had acted unethically .
Dr Andrew Wakefield 's 1998 Lancet study caused vaccination rates to plummet , resulting in a rise in measles - but the findings were later discredited .
The GMC ruled in January he had acted " dishonestly and irresponsibly " in conducting his research , but under its procedures the sanctions are made at a later date .
The case did not investigate whether Dr Wakefield 's findings were right or wrong , instead it focused on the methods of research .
The panel concluded that it is the only sanction that is appropriate to protect patients and is in the wider public interest ...
Chairman of the hearing During the two - and - a - half - year case , the longest in GMC history , he was accused of carrying out invasive tests on vulnerable children which were against their best interests .
The GMC also said Dr Wakefield , who was working at London 's Royal Free Hospital as a gastroenterologist at the time , did not have the ethical approval or relevant qualifications for such tests .
And the panel hearing the case took exception with the way he gathered blood samples .
Dr Wakefield paid children £ 5 for the samples at his son's birthday party .
It also said Dr Wakefield should have disclosed the fact that he had been paid to advise solicitors acting for parents who believed their children had been harmed by the MMR .
Serious misconduct
In making the verdict on the sanctions , Dr Surendra Kumar , the panel 's chairman , said Dr Wakefield had " brought the medical professional into disrepute " and his behaviour constituted " multiple separate instances of serious professional misconduct " .
In total , there were more than 30 charges he was found guilty of .
Dr Kumar also explained the reasoning for striking Dr Wakefield off .
Efforts to discredit and silence me through the GMC process have provided a screen to shield the government from exposure on the MMR vaccine scandal
Dr Wakefield " The panel concluded that it is the only sanction that is appropriate to protect patients and is in the wider public interest , including the maintenance of public trust and confidence in the profession , and is proportionate to the serious and wide - ranging findings made against him . "
Dr Wakefield , who is now based in the US , has 28 days to appeal the verdict .
He has consistently claimed the allegations against him were " unfounded and unjust " .
As the GMC announced its sanctions , Dr Wakefield said : " Efforts to discredit and silence me through the GMC process have provided a screen to shield the government from exposure on the MMR vaccine scandal . "
Two of his former colleagues at the Royal Free were also ruled to have broken guidelines .
Professor John Walker - Smith and Professor Simon Murch both helped Dr Wakefield carry out the research .
Professor Walker - Smith , who is 73 and has been retired for the past 10 years , was found guilty of serious professional misconduct and struck off the register .
Professor Murch was found not guilty .
Professor Terence Stephenson , president of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health , said the scare over the vaccine had done " untold damage to the UK vaccination programme " .
" We cannot stress too strongly that all children and young people should have the MMR vaccine . "
The Department of Health reiterated this .
A spokesman said : " The safety of MMR has been endorsed through numerous studies in many countries . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Apple may have made its thoughts on the stylus clearer than ever at its iPhone OS 4 event , but it looks like Microsoft Research is intent on redefining what 's possible with a little pen-based input and , if this recently - revealed video is any indication , we 're not about to stop them .
Dubbed Manual Deskterity , the project is currently based around a Microsoft Surface device , and shows how pen and touch input can be combined for a range of tasks that would n't be possible with just one or the other -- using a photo as a straight - edge ( as seen above ) , for example , or using the pen as an X - acto knife to cut a photo while you hold it in place with your finger .
Of course , while the project is currently using a Surface , it 's hard not to see how it could also be applied to something like Courier , especially considering the strong emphasis on creativity that echoes the Courier demo videos .
Head on past the break to check out the whole thing for yourself .
Day one | Day two | Day three
Day one
IT IS dark , raining , five hours from our journey 's beginning or end , and the gatekeeper of Arunachal Pradesh does n't like my permit .
Or visa , perhaps that should be , Arunachal being as difficult to enter as almost any country .
The seven - day “ protected area permit ” now being sniffed at by a torch - lit figure in khaki took me almost a year to get , including lobbying in several state and central government departments .
Among a long list of conditions , it says I will “ not be allowed to discuss the controversial issues which would affect the relations between China and India . ”
I have not yet broken this rule .
The border - guard is more concerned that the permit , though signed and counter - signed , has not been rubber - stamped .
With the assurance of a man trained to look for stamp - marks , not to read English , he says I may not pass .
I puff out my cheeks .
He shakes his head .
I mobilise my travel companion , a close female friend of Arunachal 's chief minister 's son , who is eagerly awaiting her arrival .
A few minutes later we are rolling on , quitting the plains of Assam and starting a climb that continues , almost unbroken , to the Tibetan plateau at 15,000 feet ( 4,500 metres ) .
Foreign journalists find it especially difficult to enter Arunachal .
Precious few have managed it in recent years .
But non-Arunachali Indians , or “ aliens ” as they are known locally , also struggle .
They require an “ inner - line permit ” , named after the boundary imposed by India 's former British rulers to divide oil - rich , tea- growing Assam from the rugged North - East Frontier Tracts , as Arunachal Pradesh — literally , land of the dawn - lit mountains — was then known .
Previously ruled from Assam , it was made a state in 1987 .
This was part of an effort to cement India 's hold on an area seized by China during a brief , bloody border war in 1962 , and still claimed by it .
Chinese hawks refer to most of Arunachal as “ South Tibet ” , which drives Indians apoplectic .
But India 's efforts to normalise its far north - east have been lacklustre .
Arunachal , a vast area , though home to less than 1.5 m people , has few roads and most are dreadful .
The rutted way to Bumla , a frontier - post popular with Indian tourists , requires an off - road vehicle ; from Bumla , a smooth two - lane Chinese highway can be seen stretching away into Tibet .
The inner -line permit , typically issued to migrant workers for six months , provided they have a local sponsor , has also kept the region isolated .
Yet there is a benefit to this .
It has spared Arunachal the swarms of settlers from West Bengal and Bihar that have swamped other parts of the north - east .
Thus insulated , to the relief of most Arunachalis , the state has kept many fragile traditions alive .
Despite in - roads made by Hindu and Christian missionaries , many of its 26 main tribes are mostly animist : worshipping the sun and moon , a practise known as “ Donyi - Polo ” .
In western Tawang district , most sorely coveted by China , hundreds of Buddhist nuns and monks study in seminaries blissfully untouched by the ravages of the Cultural Revolution that destroyed Tibet 's monasteries .
Members of the local Monpa tribe , of Tibetan origin , practise river - burial , whereby corpses are chopped into 108 pieces and thrown into a foaming torrent to ensure the deceased is reincarnated in human form .
After a brief stop in Bomdila , a mostly - Monpa town halfway to Tawang , we start early the next day .
At 1,000 feet the morning sun picks out scattered rhododendron flowers , crimson specks in a variegated green swath of juniper , oak and pine .
The road winds around itself , climbing precipitously towards the Sela pass , the entrance to the long Tawang valley .
It is pot -holed , crumbling and made treacherous by mud and ice , certainly nothing to boast of .
Yet its creator , the state - run Border Roads Organisation ( BRO ) , is enormously proud of its shoddy work .
Every mile or two , it advertises itself in way - side slogans , offering advice to drivers and trumpeting its feats .
Some are rousing : “ Your BRO ! ” Others are poetic : “ Danger creeps where safety sleeps . ”
One or two are saucy : “ Be gentle on my curves ” .
My favourite owes more to its location than content .
It reads , “ Life is a journey , do n't end it here , ” and is daubed on a bridge , at the foot of the Tawang valley , that is popular for river - burials .
Back to the top >>
Day two
AS A boy , Lama Leta watched a party of khaki- suited British surveyors tramp through his village on their way to map the border with Tibet .
“ That 's what we thought they were doing anyway , ” says the 91 - year - old Monpa peasant ( pictured below ) .
“ We knew nothing about the British . ”
The British did n't know much about them .
After fixing India 's north - eastern frontier in 1914 , in an agreement with Tibet , autonomous then , they largely ignored the region .
Tibetan officials continued to levy taxes in Tawang , a traditional Tibetan satellite and the birth - place of the sixth Dalai Lama in 1682 .
Mr Leta , who lives on the edge of Tawang 's main town in an encampment for poor Tibetan refugees — his late wife 's community — remembers those officials too .
Descending from the Tibetan plateau with their fur - clad retinue , the Tibetans used to winter comfortably in Tawang .
Then when spring came , they moved from village to village , collecting a share of the new harvest and transporting it on the shoulders of local peasants back to Tibet .
They gave nothing in return , except access to the Tibetan salt trade , and considered the Monpas an inferior lot .
“ But they were our rulers , ” says Mr Leta .
“ Nobody questioned them . ”
In 1951 , shortly after India established an administrative outpost in Tawang , China occupied Tibet .
That brought the two giant nations face - to - face , separated by a border that China 's new communist government , which claimed most of Arunachal , did not recognise .
In 1959 the current Dalai Lama fled to Tawang , first taking refuge in its great 17th - century monastery , one of the biggest outside Lhasa .
Three years later the Chinese army came too .
After weeks of high tension on the border , Chinese soldiers scattered India 's shivering , poorly - trained troops and seized much of Arunachal as well as , in the western Himalayas , a big chunk of Kashmir .
In Tawang 's hillside villages , where white stone houses flutter with colourful prayer - flags , the Chinese troops are remembered rather fondly for having leant a hand in the fields .
“ They were little men but they were always ready to help .
We had no problem with them , ” says Mem Namsey , a sinewy 83 - year - old bent over a staff .
A few weeks later , the Chinese withdrew .
“ We were n't sorry to see the back of them either , ” Mr Namsey chuckles .
With subsequently no access to Tibet , and little economic development from India , Tawang 's people were isolated .
But if this stirred resentment against India , an entity few had much idea of , it was quickly doused by outrage over the crimes of the Cultural Revolution in Tibet .
The destruction of its monasteries spread a loathing of China that endures .
Some educated Monpas even maintain that the Chinese army 's good behaviour in Tawang was part of some nefarious communist plot .
“ They behaved well in Tibet , too , before they destroyed the monasteries and molested the monks and nuns , ” says Thupten Gendun , a former monk who acted as a translator for the current Dalai Lama when he visited Tawang last year .
“ They would have done the same here . ”
Sino - Indian relations , broadly speaking , are much improved .
Yet there has been a pronounced chill lately , provoked partly by China re-emphasising its claim to Tawang .
As a result , last year China sought to block a $ 60 m loan from the Asian Development Bank for projects in Arunachal .
It also objected furiously to the Dalai Lama 's recent visit .
Whipped up by scare - mongering media , some Indian commentators said that , sooner or later , fresh conflict was inevitable .
But few educated people in Tawang ( nearly half its 45,000 people are illiterate ) expect this .
“ India is too strong now , ” says Mr Gendun .
Though he , like many others , suspects that China could repeat its 1962 triumph if it tried .
After nearly half a century of peace , most Monpas seem relaxed about living in the dragon 's shadow .
Banners welcoming the Dalai Lama , who has visited Tawang five times since 1959 , are still on display in its main bazaar .
But so , these days , are stacks of cheap Chinese goods — shoes , toys , crockery and clothing .
A gang of youths lounging there , sporting feathered hairdos and drain - pipe jeans , said the threat of Chinese aggression was the least of their concerns .
They cited two others : unemployment and a fear that the current trickle of alien settlers in Tawang would one day become a flood .
Back to the top >>
Day three
JUST before dawn , the rain that thunders down for most of my stay in Tawang , battering the hotel 's tin roof and rattling its windows , abruptly stops .
Stepping onto a balcony that overlooks the great golden - roofed monastery outside the town , I see a glint of snowy peaks all around .
It 's time I took a walk .
There is an obvious objective : Gyangong Ani Gompa , a convent built into the hillside around 400 metres above the monastery , which I have previously caught only sodden glimpses of through the clouds .
It was founded , my guide - book tells me , in the late 17th century and run by a sister of the monastery 's founder , a Tibetan lama called Mera Lam Lodre Gyamtso .
Around 50 nuns live there , on rations winched up from the monastery over a deep river gorge .
I set out , limbs rejoicing after so many hours car - bound , and descend into this ravine .
Following a muddy track , in which a few diminutive nun-sized shoe - prints have survived the rain , I cross a foaming torrent , then clamber up the other side .
This presents a lovely scene : a grassy plateau spotted with dark juniper bushes and scattered nomad tents .
Three yellow - billed blue magpies throw themselves into the air with startled chortles , fluttering their absurdly long tail feathers .
Unperturbed , some yaks and goats quietly graze , while a brutish dog goes berserk , tugging dementedly at a rope in an effort to get free and kill me .
An elderly nomad , wrapped in a cow 's hide , appears and points , laughing , to the nunnery high above us .
I respond with a complicated mime , which means for God 's sake keep your dog tied up .
Unsure whether I have been understood , I put in a brisk spurt to the nunnery .
The clouds have reconvened by now , and it is raining hard .
But even without any sort of view , the convent seems a nice spot to be a nun .
It is smaller than I 'd imagined , a huddle of neat , white - walled buildings arranged around a tall prayer - hall , which an unsmiling young woman , with the obligatory red robe and crew cut , leads me to .
I leave my boots dripping at the door and step inside , anticipating the smooth pine floor and pleasant buttery scent of oil - lamps .
Golden idols of the Buddha , festooned with white votive scarves , gradually materialise , as my eyes grow used to the gloom .
It is a relaxing place , at once accessible and imposing .
Butter - scented , a happy vision of a secluded , contemplative life comes to me .
It would be wonderful , if also challengingly boring .
Yet it is no wonder that Tibetan Buddhism has travelled well , soothing the raw nerves and spiritual cravings of so many in Europe and America .
In fact , these seekers will soon be able to come here , to this haven , in droves — along a new road , now under construction , that will link the convent to Tawang for the first time in its 300 - year history .
For all their aura of timelessness , Tawang 's Buddhist clergy are feeling the force for change .
In his monastic office , lushly red-carpeted and with portraits of India 's founding fathers on the walls , the abbot of Tawang monastery , Guru Tulku Rinpoche discusses this frankly .
Local families no longer routinely submit their second sons to the monasteries , making recruitment of monks a concern .
Tawang monastery 's population fell from around 600 in 1959 to an all - time low of 200 .
Partly in response , the clergy introduced secular education to the novices ' training , and better food .
There are now 480 monks at the monastery , and with over 70 novices inducted last year , from Tawang and nearby Bhutan , its future looks reasonably secure .
Interrupting our discussion , the abbot is called upon to induct half a dozen more , the first new batch of this year .
Mostly skinny children under the age of ten , the inductees are ushered in to prostrate themselves before the abbot , while he scribbles down their new monastic names .
He then drapes a sacred red thread over the boys ' shorn heads , ceremoniously cuts a few more bristly hairs from them , and gives the younger and more frightened - looking boys a reassuring pat on the cheek .
About a third of inductees quit before completing their long studies , the abbot says , either because they cannot keep up , or to pursue their secular education .
“ But I am a little worried , ” says the 39 - year - old abbot , who is considered to be a reincarnation — or living Buddha — of one of his enlightened predecessors .
On completing their training , young monks , typically in their early 20s , used to confine themselves in their monasteries or to lofty hermitages to practise meditation .
“ But these days they want to pursue their education or to see the world , to see what is happening in other countries ” he says .
With China 's Tibetan Buddhists considered to be under the cosh , denied access to their spiritual head , those in India feel a special burden to preserve the religion 's traditions .
But being relatively few in number — a big majority of India 's 8 m Buddhists are recent converts from Hinduism to other Buddhist strains — they may struggle .
“ Now is a very difficult time for our philosophy , ” the abbot admits .
“ We must protect and keep this Buddhist culture and religion . ”
Back to the top >>
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Yuval Levin today :
I think it ’s actually right to say that the BP oil spill is something like Obama ’s Katrina , but not in the sense in which most critics seem to mean it .
It ’s like Katrina in that many people ’s attitudes regarding the response to it reveal completely unreasonable expectations of government .
The fact is , accidents ( not to mention storms ) happen .
We can work to prepare for them , we can have various preventive rules and measures in place .
We can build the capacity for response and recovery in advance .
But these things happen , and sometimes they happen on a scale that is just too great to be easily addressed .
It is totally unreasonable to expect the government to be able to easily address them — and the kind of government that would be capable of that is not the kind of government that we should want .
This conflates two very different things .
Katrina was an example of the type of disaster that the federal government is specifically tasked with handling .
And for most of the 90s , it was very good at handling them .
But when George Bush became president and Joe Allbaugh became director of FEMA , everything changed .
Allbaugh neither knew nor cared about disaster preparedness .
For ideological reasons , FEMA was downsized and much of its work outsourced .
When Allbaugh left after less than two years on the job , he was replaced by the hapless Michael Brown and the agency was downgraded and broken up yet again .
By the time Katrina hit , the upper levels of FEMA were populated largely with political appointees with no disaster preparedness experience and the agency was simply not up to the job of dealing with a huge storm anymore .
The Deepwater Horizon explosion is almost the exact opposite .
There is no federal expertise in capping oil blowouts .
There is no federal agency tasked specifically with repairing broken well pipes .
There is no expectation that the federal government should be able to respond instantly to a disaster like this .
There never has been .
For better or worse , it ’s simply not something that ’s ever been considered the responsibility of the federal government .
1
In the case of Katrina , you have the kind of disaster that , contra Levin , can be addressed by the federal government .
In the case of the BP spill , we ’re faced with a technological challenge that ca n’t be .
They could hardly be more different .
But there is one way in which they ’re similar .
As Levin says , Katrina would have been an immense disaster no matter what .
But it was far worse than it had to be because a conservative administration , one that fundamentally disdained the mechanics of government for ideological reasons , decided that FEMA was n’t very important .
Likewise , the BP blowout was made more likely because that same administration decided that government regulation of private industry was n’t very important and turned the relevant agency into a joke .
If you believe that government is the problem , not the solution , and if you actually run the country that way for eight years , it becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
But we should n’t pretend it ’s inevitable .
1Just to be clear : I ’m talking here only about capping the leak itself .
As T.R. Donoghue points out , the feds do have an overall plan for responding to and cleaning up spills .
UPDATE : I was only talking about the post - Katrina response by FEMA in this post , but John McQuaid usefully points out that none of the major damage would have happened in the first place if the federal government had done a decent job building the hurricane levee system in New Orleans .
If you believe that this is just another example of why you should n’t trust the government to do anything right , then that ’s a point in Levin ’s favor .
If you believe that it ’s another example of why we should make sure government works better , then it ’s a point in mine .
If you appreciate our BP coverage , please consider making a tax - deductible donation .
JHH # 9 - Hippie Packaging
Sure , buying local has its advantages , but when it comes to packaging , the big corporations really have it down .
Editor 's Note :
After months of teasing us with hints about his magical spreadsheet daoust is ready to unveil the greatest draft analysis tool ever developed .
I ’ve made passing mention of it a few times , but here it is , finally … the Daoust 94-09 Draft Database and Analysis Machine .
I actually pulled this together in February or March of this year , then sat on it in hopes of updating this with 08/09 stats before posting it .
Unfortunately hockeyreference.com is n't cooperating , so 07/08 stats will have to do for now .
It 'll be updated as soon as the data 's available .
I 've picked out a few interesting observations and trends to discuss here , but this post is n’t really the main event .
It ’s the spreadsheet hosted here :
http://www.4shared.com/file/113472332/7a01746b/Draft_History_94-Present_v3.html
It ’s a bit on the nerdy side , with lots of ability for custom analysis , but if that ’s not your bag , at the very least having a list of draftees in excel that you can sort and filter can be handy .
Sample conversation :
" Who ’s the best player of the last 15 years drafted 47th overall ? " ,
/ opens spreadsheet
" Kristian Huselius , obviously " .
" How about the best defenceman drafted in the 8th round "
" Kaberle "
" 7th round ? "
" Kubina "
Etc. Hours and hours of entertainment for everyone !
Just a note about the stats I 've used to evaluate a team 's draft success .
I think we can all agree that " games played " alone is n't a great indicator of a successful pick - Aki Berg played 600 + games after all .
But NOT playing at least 200 games is a pretty good indication that the pick did n't turn out so well .
Say what you want about Aki , he worked out better than Jonathan Aitken , yes ?
Points also are n’t a great indicator of draft success - defenceman , some forwards , and obviously goalies are regularly drafted without offence in mind .
That being said , I think over any given period , it 's probably fair to assume that each team will have the same holes to fill and will draft the same proportion of different players ( scorers , goalies , stay at home D , etc ) so that the total points their draft picks eventually get is at least a good indication of the team 's success at drafting for offence .
Also , I should note that the spreadsheet is pretty customizable , so for all of the stats I 'm showing below , you can pull the same stats for any period between 94 - 09 that you 'd like .
And my apologies about the quality of some of the charts ... converting excel charts into images and then getting them into here is easier said than done .
I think you can click on them to bring up the full - sized image at least .
Observation 1 - Drafting is really really hard
The chart below summarizes all players drafted between 1996 - 2006 , by team , showing what % made it to the NHL , what % went on to play more than 200 games , and how many points and games played each team had per every player they drafted .
Less than 10 % of all players drafted between 96 - 06 went on to play 200 games .
That 's 1 in 10 .
Anything you can only do well 1 out of 10 times , I would classify as difficult .
This chart breaks that down further by round :
So 40 % of first round picks have gone on to play more than 200 games .
24 % of 1st and 2nd round picks go on to play in 200 games .
After that , only 5.5 % do .
That ’s 1 in 20 players .
It ’s not quite a crap shoot , but it ’s pretty damn close .
Put another way , for every 20 post - third round draft picks traded away , only one of them will go on to play 200 + games in the NHL .
Observation 2 - 7th overall pick ...
Shane Doan or Lars Jonsson ?
I think we 're all hopeful that Burke will be succesful in his attempts to move up in the draft next week , but if he is n't , here 's the type of players he can reasonably expect to pick .
Hmmm .
A Shane Doan - type would be swell , and I could live with a Paul Mara or Joffrey Lupul .
Let 's hope we do n't get a Lars Jonsson or Kris Beech .
Observation 3 - Detroit is n’t that good at drafting
I actually really like Detroit , but I 'm going to pick on them here because there 's just a bit too much hype about their drafting prowess for my liking .
" Detroit has the best scouting department in the NHL " is one of most repeated phrases in any draft discussion , but I 'm not convinced that 's true .
Player development ?
Top notch .
But actually consistently drafting NHL - calibre players ?
Not their forte .
If you refer back to the first chart posted above , you 'll notice that Detroit is DEAD LAST in 3 of the 4 categories ( % that made it to the NHL , % that played 200 games , # of games played per player drafted ) , and 27th in the other .
That ’s not good .
Of course , drafting 2 franchise players in the late rounds makes up for that , but when the bulk of your drafted players end up being " busts " , that 's not a good sign .
Here ’s a look at the players Detroit drafted in the 1st round since 1994 .
First of all - let 's count all of the first round picks in 97,99 , 01,02,03,04 .
Oh my goodness – there are none !
Where did they go ?
Someone must have stolen them , because the most well managed team in the history of the NHL would never trade away draft picks , esepcially first rounders , since they realize how important they are and that no team can have any success without them .
Second of all - not an overly impressive bunch besides Kronwall ( and weirdly , all defencemen except for last year 's pick ) .
And here ’s the full list of players Detroit drafted in 98 and 99 ( the years Datsyuk and Zberg were drafted ) .
There 's no denying that they were both great late - draft steals , but given the other players selected by Detroit before and after , you could argue that they just got lucky .
Really really lucky .
EDIT : A lot of people elsewhere have commented that it ’s unfair to evaluate Detroit this way , since they always picked near the end of the first round .
So here ’s a look at how other teams did compared to Detroit with picks # 20 to 30 from 95 to 03 ( to eliminate recent picks that would n't have had a chance to play 200 games yet ) .
See , it IS possible to draft well at the low end of the first round .
Just not for Detroit , apparently .
Observation 4 - Drafting a D - man early ... questionable ?
I love the Schenn .
He ’s going to be an unstoppable force on the Leafs for another 15 , maybe 30 years .
My daughter ’s first Jersey will have Schenn on the back .
But recent history would indicate that if you ’re looking for a bona fide stud defenceman , you ’re not likely to find him in the top 10 , although you will likely get yourself a very serviceable NHL - er .
Here are all of the D - men drafted in the top 10 since 1994 :
Pronger and Niedermayer were drafted top 5 ( prior to 1994 ) , but Lidstrom was n’t .
Neither was Chara , Boyle , Campbell , Kaberle , Markov , Green , Rafalski .
I 'm not saying drafting a defenceman early on is always a bad idea , but it would seem that you do n't need to use a top 10 pick if you ’re looking for a stud D .
Observation 5 - Drafting Goalies = Witchcraft
I think we all know this instinctively , but these numbers prove it - drafting a successful goalie is next to impossible .
Between 1994 and 2004 , only 6.4 % of all goalies drafted went on to play 200+ games .
That % is less than half of all wingers and defenceman , and less than 1/3 of all centres over the same period .
If I 'm ever a GM , I might never draft a goalie .
Ever .
Observation 6 - 2002 ... the Leafs greatest draft triumph !
Let 's ignore the fact that our # 1 pick from 2002 ( Steen ) is widely considered a let down and is now playing for a different team .
According to these stats , 2002 was one of the best years for the Leafs relative to the other Canadian teams , and the rest of the league .
I know we 'll all instinctively want to laugh at Vancouver 's pathetic display , but let 's remember who was running the team then .
So let 's laugh at Ottawa instead .
And finally ... some great Top 10 Busts
We all remember the Daigles and Stefans , but here are few other disastrous top 10 picks that you may have forgotten about …
Ok , that 's all I 've got for now .
Enjoy the spreadsheet , and be sure to let me know if you unearth any other interesting tidbits .
Columbia , Missouri Police Chief Ken Burton is apparently frustrated .
At another press conference yesterday , a reporter asked the chief what he has learned from the international attention generated by the YouTube video of his department 's SWAT team conducting a drug raid last February .
His reply : " I hate the Internet . "
I 'll bet he does .
For two - and - a - half months , Burton and his department were quiet about the raid .
That 's likely because , as I wrote yesterday , the raid was really no different from the tens of thousands of similar raids conducted every year , and that are probably conducted by his own department a couple of times per week .
Within days of the video hitting the web , Burton was forced to hold several press conferences , and has now laid out several reforms to the way SWAT raids will be conducted in Columbia in the future .
I suppose it 's possible those reforms were brewing all along , and the timing of him announcing them after the video went viral was mere coincidence .
It seems at least plausible , though , that the dread " Internet " sparked some actual policy changes , here .
Unfortunately the changes — while small steps in the right direction — still miss the point .
Burton says his department will no longer conduct SWAT raids at night .
They wo n't conduct raids in homes where children are present .
Suspects will be under constant surveillance until the raid is carried out .
And raids will be conducted within a shorter period of time from when police get the initial tip about a suspected drug dealer .
But the Columbia Police Department will still conduct volatile , violent , highly aggressive forced - entry raids on people suspected of consensual , nonviolent drug crimes .
That is what 's wrong with the YouTube video .
Changing the time of day of the raid does n't change the wildly disproportionate use of force .
Burton and his department have also criticized web commentary on the video , citing both death threats aimed at members of the SWAT team and an abundance of what Burton calls " misinformation " about the raid .
He 's right .
I saw both .
In particular , the description that accompanied the YouTube video ( which today topped 1 million views ) described the pit bull the police killed as crated when it was shot .
It was n't .
( I should disclose that I passed on this bit of incorrect information to several people while discussing the raid before discovering it was incorrect , though I did n't put it in print ) .
And death threats , even from keyboard commandos posting on Internet discussion boards , are inexcusable .
That said , Burton is deflecting .
When the video first went viral , his department 's spokesperson acknowledged that the police did n't know a seven - year - old boy was in the home , but explained that the department has to carry out drug raids quickly before dealers can move their supply .
That was , as Burton would put it , " misinformation . "
You might even call it a lie .
At the very least , it was another example of a police spokesperson reflexively defending the department before knowing all the facts .
Eight days passed between the time the police were tipped off to the alleged marijuana stash and the time they conducted the raid .
As I reported yesterday , according to Brittany Montgomery , the mother and wife in the home at the time of the raid , the police initially gave the family a copy of the video in which the audio and portions of incriminating video had been removed .
That sounds like " misinformation , " too .
Montgomery also wrote that when her neighbors inquired with the department about the raid , they were initially told it was a drill , and that no shots were fired .
That too was " misinformation . "
( The department did n't return my call , so I have n't been able to get their response to these two allegations . )
" Misinformation " coming from police department officials acting in their official capacity is a hell of a lot more troubling than misinformation disseminated on Internet discussion boards and in blog comment threads .
As for the death threats , yes , they 're an unfortunately ugly part of often - anonymous Internet discourse .
But Burton 's men were just captured on video firing off seven rounds into a home just seconds after they 'd broken into it .
This , despite the fact that there was nothing in the home that posed a lethal threat to them .
( Yes , some pit bulls can be dangerous , but not to an armed SWAT team bedecked in full body armor . )
One of those rounds missed its intended target ( the pit bull ) and struck an unintended target ( the Corgi ) .
According to Montgomery , there are now bullet holes in the walls of the house .
There were other people in that house who were n't suspects , people the cops were n't aware of before they started firing their guns , including a child .
That seems like a pretty reckless disregard for human life .
But Burton would have us believe that the real outrage here is the faux " if they try to come to my house and do that , I 'll kill them " Internet bravado that came in response to the video , not the very real violence actually depicted in it .
Graduation ceremonies will soon be held at countless colleges and universities .
They mark an important achievement and a transition to the next stage of graduates lives ' .
At public institutions , they should not be used as an excuse to promote the very sort of superstitious nonsense that secular education is supposed to expose for the deluded fantasy it is .
And yet , many state colleges and universities will do just that via organized prayer .
In this post , we look at a particularly disturbing example of what is in store for some graduates .
Big thanks to Godless Girl for finding the video below .
This was filmed at Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls , Texas .
And yes , this is a state ( i.e. , public ) university .
When I watch this , I feel sorry for the young woman even though her behavior was inappropriate , disruptive , and unfair to inflict on the audience .
I feel sorry for her because it does not appear that she has benefited from the sort of education universities are supposed to provide .
Her money ( or her parents money ) seems to have been wasted .
While she may now have a diploma , it sounds like she has managed to make it through college without expanding her mind .
For that , I do pity her .
But you know what , it could have been far worse .
The audience could have laughed her off the stage .
Those on the stage near her , who I imagine were probably university officials ( state employees ) , should have cut her off the moment she started into prayer .
This sort of thing has no place at a public university .
Attribute to The Libertarian Enterprise
Okay , let 's get it over with , right up front .
There are individuals who believe , whenever they 're presented with evidence of what the Declaration of Independence called government 's " long train of abuses and usurpations " , that it 's sufficient to lift their noses into the air and sneer haughtily , " Hmmphconspiracy theory ! "
It used to be only liberals who argued with nouns : " Hmmph  Ayn Rand ! " or " Hmmph  Rush Limbaugh ! "
Lately , the malady seems to be spreading .
Even right - wing talk show hosts will scoff at those who believe Barack Obama may not be legally qualified to hold office and say , " Hmmphbirthers ! " , instead of offering a legitimate counter - argument .
On the assumption that any exist .
Depending on who you listen to , human history goes back six or eight thousand years .
In all of that time , without a doubt , there have been hundreds more likely thousands of small groups who gathered in secret to make plans that would n't have been approved of by the majority who were not involved in the planning .
That 's the essence of conspiracy : small group , secret and probably illegal or unpopularplans .
A few modern examples ought to suffice .
It seems appropriate , at the moment , to begin with the 1773 Boston Tea Party , in which a gang of hooligans ( from the government 's point of view , as well as that of most Bostonians ) , incensed at a new tax on imported tea , disguised themselves ( not very well ) as Indians , boarded British ships in Boston Harbour , smashed cargoes of tea chests open , and threw them into the water .
Does anybody think they gathered there spontaneously , as sort of an eighteenth century flash mob ?
Or was the action planned by ... conspirators ?
In 1794 , wondering why their fathers had even bothered to fight the War of Independence , the next generation of conspirators were secretly gathering in certain western Pennsylvania churches , tarring and feathering the local collectors of Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton 's hated new excise tax on whiskey , burning down their homes ( now that 's what I call a serious tax protest ) , and shooting holes through the stills of neighbors who were willingly paying the federal tax .
The United States of America itself is the result of a conspiracy to overthrow the authority of the British king in North America .
This plot was not only unpopular with at least two thirds of the people living here at the time , it was highly illegal .
Some signers of the Declaration of Independence were arrested , imprisoned , tortured , and murdered .
If our side had lost the war , it would have happened to them all .
Because they were conspirators .
Another group of conspirators extremely wealthy and powerful ones whom some folks believe should have been arrested , imprisoned , tortured , and murdered , met in 1910 under the most secret and secure conditions possible at the time , at a resort on Jekyll Island , Georgia to plot out the " scientific " currency system we now call the Federal Reserve .
Skip ahead half a century or so .
The United States Congress itself , based on acoustical evidence derived from police recordings , now says that there was a second rifle firing at Jack Kennedy in Dallas .
Two or more people planning a crime like that constitute a conspiracy .
It turns out that the so - called Gulf of Tonkin Incident , which a few years later propelled America into the Vietnam War , never happened .
Somebody several somebodies would have had to make up the elaborate lie , insert it into the news stream , and keep it there until it had its desired political effect .
We call people like that conspirators .
Similarly , there is substantial evidence that the administration of Franklin Delano Roosevelt desperate to get a war started in order to distract the public from its disastrous and embarrassing mishandling of the Great Depression knew that Pearl Harbor was going to be attacked by the Japanese navy and was actually notified by a Hawaii radar operator and others that the enemy planes were on the way .
If we are to believe the official government stories , there was a conspiracy involved in the 1995 destruction of the Murrah federal building in Oklahoma City , while the World Trade Center buildings were brought down in 2001 , and the Pentagon damaged , by a mostly Saudi conspiracy .
So conspiracies do happen , after all and those who deny it should probably be suspected of being involved in a conspiracy , themselves .
Just kidding .
No , I 'm not .
Yes , I am .
Let 's move on .
One of the most worrisome unanswered questions staring Americans in the face at the moment is this : why despite the fact that most of us oppose Barack Obama 's collectivist agenda in general , and the healthcare travesty that he and his minions recently foisted on us in particular did members of both houses of congress vote Obama 's way , even though they know it will mean losing their jobs this fall or in 2012 ?
We 've all heard what I call the Profiles in Courage answer , that noble , selfless Democrats are gladly willing to sacrifice themselves and their careers if it means advancing the Grand Plan another notch or two .
But remember who it is we 're talking about here .
There 's nothing noble or selfless about politicians and there never has been .
Putting it charitably , Profiles in Courage is a compendium of Democratic mythology , ghostwritten for an ambitious young Massachusetts Senator who never did a thing for himself if he could pay to have it done by others .
It 's been suggested that Democratic Senators and Congressmen occupying districts likely to go to the Republicans next time some of which only went to Democrats last time out of well - deserved hatred and revulsion for George W. Bush and his policies were promised cushy jobs in what we laughingly call the " private sector " , if the voters kick them out .
The trouble with this theory is that it would still leave the Democratic Party as a whole out of power for a dangerous interval during which their " accomplishments " could be repealed .
Make no mistake , the Democrats are socialists ( Republicans are , too , but that 's another story ) .
Socialism is the doctrine that the wants and needs of the group come before the rights of the individual .
The fact is , over its 180 - odd years , socialism has failed abjectly everywhere it 's been tried , in country after country , and most people are now aware of it .
This is the last shot socialists are ever going to get before history finally closes the door on them forever , and the hysteria of their actions during the past two years proves they know it .
So the likeliest answer to why the Democrats have taken this politically dangerous course is that their leaders have promised them they 'll throw the next election , by various means technological or otherwise , and they wo n't have to pay the consequences for what they 've done .
Or the election will be postponed , using the excuse of some manufactured calamity , just like Pearl Harbor , or the Gulf of Tonkin incident .
Or the election will be cancelled altogether , and America will begin a descent into madness and mass murder , exactly like Germany , Russia , China , Cambodia , and all the other nations that succumbed to socialism .
Apparently I 'm not the only person worried about this likelihood .
Various talk show hosts have mentioned it .
And check out this pair of articles :
" Will Obama Suspend the Mid Term Election ? "
By J.D. Longstreet
Western Front America , March 23rd , 2010 " Are Politicians even worried about the 2010 Elections ? "
An open letter to America from Aaron Zelman , Founder and Director of Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership
There are legitimate questions being asked here , and plenty of reasons to be asking them .
The Obama regime has been working up to something extreme from the beginning , attacking talk radio hosts and FoxNews , excoriating the Internet , characterizing all those who oppose their socialist agenda as racists , neofascists , even Nazis , comparing them to the Ku Klux Klan , and even accusing them of encouraging violence .
Janet Napolitano , of the unconstitutional Department of Homeland Security , perhaps under the undue influence of militant leftists at places like the Southern Poverty Law Center , has issued warnings to police all over America , identifying certain people anyone who dislikes Obama or his policies , is conspicuously religious , conversant with the Constitution , a supporter of Ron Paul , advocates hard money , homeschools their kids , or owns gunsas a potentially violent problem .
To me , and to others , this looks like nothing more than advance preparation for a day when the government rounds up the noisiest dissenters , accuses them of domestic terrorism , and makes them vanish into any of the secret torture prisons that they 've built around the world .
Can anything be done to prevent it ?
Can anything be done to save what somebody once called " the best idea anybody ever had for a country " ?
You are doing it right now , just by reading this article .
And you can do a great deal more by sending other people to read it , or by sending it to them .
The government likes to hatch its plots in the dark .
Help us shine the cleansing light of truth on what they 're doing .
If enough individuals are talking about it , they may be deterred .
For the moment , that may be our only hope .
Next , you have to stay madand grimly determined with regard to the next election , if it happens .
Remember the way you felt as they ignored the people and broke law after law to take our doctors , nurses , and hospitals away from us , force us to buy their " insurance " and threaten us with fines , imprisonment , and ultimately death if we refused .
One way or another , the next three years could end the 200 - year struggle against socialism .
But be wary .
The only way to win , at present , is to support Obama 's opponents .
However once in power again , Republicans will not be naturally inclined to give up power , or to repeal , nullify , or otherwise dispose of what the Democrats have left behind , but to build on it exactly as Democrats did with Bush 's illegal policies and practices and to twist them into their own image .
Neither party can be trusted .
It is time , in the words of the Declaration of Independence , " to provide new guards for [ our ] future security . "
This is a beginning .
Like this ?
Why not pay the author !
Select amount then click " Donate Now "
select donation amount $ 0.02 $ 0.50 $ 1.00 $ 2.00 $ 3.00 $ 4.00 $ 5.00 $ 10.00 $ 20.00 $ 25.00 $ 30.00 $ 35.00 $ 40.00 $ 45.00 $ 50.00 $ 100.00
Pay to L. Neil Smith
lneil@netzero.com
Ever since the " Tea Parties " gained national attention , the debate has raged on whether they are a grass - roots protest movement in the proud tradition of American dissent , or a hysterical mob driven by fear , intolerance , and selfishness .
Recently , two much - discussed surveys — a CBS / New York Times poll and a multi-state University of Washington poll — have been bandied about as proof that the leftist caricatures of the Tea Partiers as mean - spirited rich white bigots are accurate .
Yet a look at the data suggests that this interpretation is highly skewed by political bias .
In a Salon.com article titled " The Tea Partiers ' racial paranoia , " editor Joan Walsh notes that in the University of Washington poll , only 35 percent of pro-Tea Party whites regarded blacks as " hard - working , " 45 percent as " intelligent , " and 41 percent as " trustworthy . "
Walsh scoffs , " And Tea Party supporters do n't like it when anyone notices the racists in their midst ? "
Not so fast .
The respondents in the UW poll were asked to rate on a 1 - 7 scale how intelligent , hardworking , and trustworthy they perceived " almost all " blacks ( and , in separate questions , whites , Latinos , and Asians ) to be .
Whether the findings expose Tea Party bigotry hinges on two things : how the " Tea Partiers ' " opinions of blacks compare to their views of other groups , and how their answers compare to those of other , non-Tea - Partying Americans .
The UW researchers ' initial analysis compared only whites who were strongly pro-Tea Party and strongly anti-Tea Party , concluding that the latter held a much more positive view of blacks .
These data are no longer on the UW website ; instead , there are tables for other race - related questions ( such as " Over the past few years blacks have gotten less than they deserve " ) , with separate results for whites who were either neutral toward the Tea Party movement or had never heard of it , as well as for all whites .
But what about the racial stereotyping items ?
The lead investigator , political science professor Christopher Parker , graciously provided me with the fuller data — which strongly contradict the notion of the Tea Parties as a unique hotbed of racism .
Thus , while only 35 percent of strong Tea Party supporters rated blacks as hardworking , only 49 percent described whites as such .
While the gap is evident , these responses are close to those for all whites ( blacks are rated as " hardworking " by 40 percent , whites by 52 percent ) .
While whites who are strongly anti-Tea Party seem free of bias on this item — blacks and whites are rated as " hardworking " by 55 percent and 56 percent , respectively — this is not true for intelligence and trustworthiness .
Whites in every group are less likely to rate blacks than whites as " intelligent " by similar margins : 14 points for Tea Party supporters ( 45 percent vs. 59 percent ) , 13 points for all whites ( 49 percent vs. 62 percent ) , 10 points for Tea Party opponents ( 59 percent vs. 69 percent ) .
On " trustworthy , " the gap is smaller in the pro-Tea Party group ( 41 percent vs. 49 percent ) than in the anti-Tea Party group ( 57 percent vs. 72 percent ) .
One could write headlines about the " racial paranoia " of white liberals who consider blacks less trustworthy than whites !
The endurance of racial stereotypes in this day and age is disturbing ; but Tea Party supporters differ little in this regard from mainstream Americans .
( It is also worth noting that , as in many other surveys , Asian - Americans in the UW poll are rated much more positively than whites . )
Compared to middle - of - the - road whites , Tea Party supporters show far more agreement with the statement that blacks should work their way up " without special favors " the way other minorities such as Italians and Jews did , or that blacks would be as well off as whites if they worked harder .
The standard left - of - center view , shared by the UW researchers , is that such attitudes represent a subtler form of racism , or " racial resentment . "
In some cases , that is surely true .
Yet these sentiments may also reflect a genuinely race - neutral belief in self - reliance and self - help — or the view , shared by many black commentators , that the black community 's problems are partly rooted in damaging behavioral and cultural patterns .
John McWhorter , a noted black scholar and author whose works include the 2000 book , Losing the Race : Self - Sabotage in Black America , says that " the idea that ' racism ' is behind the Tea Partiers is based on a lazy and vain extension of the term ' racism ' to meaning ' that which many black people would not approve of . ' "
According to McWhorter , " The position that the government does too much to help black people is not necessarily one based in inherent bias against people with black skin — it can be argued as a reasonable proposition based on the spotty record of social programs since the 1960s . "
The other charge against Tea Partiers is that they are not " the people " but the privileged defending their privilege .
Walsh gleefully points out that in the Times / CBS poll , 12 percent of Tea Party sympathizers had an annual income over $ 250,000 — forgetting to mention that so did 11 percent of all Americans .
Washington Post columnist E.J. Dionne asserts that " Tea Party enthusiasts … side with the better - off against the poor " : 73 percent of them , versus 38 percent of all Americans , say that " providing government benefits to poor people encourages them to remain poor . "
( Of course , they could n't possibly be sincere in the belief that poor people are often harmed more than helped by government programs . )
What , then , do the new polls tell us about the Tea Partiers — or , at least , Tea Party sympathizers ?
( In the Times / CBS poll , only one in five self - identified Tea Party supporters reported actual involvement in Tea Party activities . )
They are mostly white and more likely to be male ( 59 percent ) ; three - quarters are 45 and older , compared to half of all Americans .
They are more religious than average , though not dramatically so : 39 percent are evangelical Christians and 38 percent attend church every week , while the figures for all Americans are 28 percent and 27 percent .
Not surprisingly , the Tea Partiers are disproportionately Republican and right - wing : 39 percent consider themselves " very conservative " and 34 percent " somewhat conservative " ( compared to 12 percent and 24 percent , respectively , of the general population ) .
Their conservatism , moreover , tends to be more authoritarian than libertarian :
In the UW poll , pro-Tea Party respondents are much more likely than others to agree that the government should be able to detain suspects indefinitely without trial and to tap phones if there is a threat of terrorism .
In other words , the Tea Party movement is mainly conservative — which is hardly the stuff of headlines .
That does not make it a haven for racists .
While the Tea Parties raise important questions about the growth of government , they certainly have their darker side : too often , they promote the politics of personal attack and demonization , of hyperbole and hysteria ( though they are no more guilty of this than were Bush - era protesters on the left ) .
Yet to respond with more hyperbole , demonization and hysteria directed at the Tea Partiers themselves will not address the problems but only compound the damage .
Cathy Young writes a weekly column for RealClearPolitics and is also a contributing editor at Reason magazine .
She blogs at http://cathyyoung.wordpress.com/.
This article originally appeared at RealClearPolitics .
The council said Zion Evrony 's visit was organised without their approval Irish Foreign Minister Micheal Martin has criticised an Irish town council 's decision to remove a page signed by the Israeli ambassador from its guestbook .
Carrickmacross representatives voted to remove Zion Evrony 's signature in protest at Israel 's diplomatic record .
Mr Martin said diplomatic representatives should always be treated with respect .
But a local councillor defended the town 's decision , saying he hoped it would send a serious message to Israel .
" I think if a government is responsible for a wholesale disregard for international law then local authorities , as well as our own government , have a responsibility to tell them we expect a higher standard , " Sinn Fein 's Matt Carthy said .
He added that although Carrickmacross is a welcoming town , " it was important that we took a stand " .
The Israeli embassy said that since his arrival in 2006 Ambassador Evrony has visited more than 30 towns and cities in Ireland and " has always been received with typically warm Irish hospitality and friendship " .
" The incident in Carrickmacross town hall is a rare exception , initiated by a publicity seeking Sinn Fein town councillor , " it said in a statement .
" Sinn Fein is recognized as the political wing of the IRA .
It is an extreme political party , known for its prejudiced views against Israel . "
Civility
The council 's move follows reports that Irish passports were used by those allegedly behind the Dubai killing of Palestinian militant Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in January .
Dubai 's police chief says he is convinced of the involvement of Israeli agents in al - Mabhouh 's death , but Israel says there is no proof .
Mr Martin said that while he understands and shares the " deep concerns " of many in Ireland about Israel 's policies on a number of issues , the action violated a basic tenet of relations between states .
" It is a basic principle of relations between states that we treat each other 's diplomatic representatives with civility and respect , regardless of any policy differences , " he said .
Mr Martin said he has raised concerns about the passport controversy during a meeting with Israel 's foreign minister last week .
He added : " Ambassadors represent not just their governments , but their peoples " .
" The way that foreign ambassadors are welcomed and received in Ireland says something about us as a people . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google and the Eclipse Foundation have announced the launch of Eclipse Labs , a Google hosted portal that will feature open source projects based on the Eclipse platform .
Using the portal , developers can start and maintain their Eclipse - based open source projects .
According to a post on the Google Code blog by Google Project Hosting Product Manager Ali Pasha , the Eclipse Foundation approached Google with " an idea to encourage the Eclipse ecosystem . "
Pasha says that the goal of the collaboration is to improve the visibility of unofficial add - on projects and that the developers hope it " will help popular projects get on the path to becoming Eclipse Foundation projects . "
Google has already migrated two projects over to the portal , a new project called Workspace Mechanic for Eclipse , aimed at providing easy migration of enterprise workspace settings for Eclipse developers and an Eclipse plug - in for the Google Project Hosting issue tracker called Project Hosting Connector for Mylyn .
A beta version of Eclipse Labs is hosted on Google Project Hosting and the developers welcome feedback .
The default license will be the Eclipse Public License ( EPL ) , however , users can choose other licenses available on Google Code .
See also :
Introducing Eclipse Labs , an Eclipse Foundation blog post .
Introducing the Workspace Mechanic for Eclipse , a Google Open Source blog post .
( crve )
This is certainly an effective way to get the American public on your side .
Yes , paying off poor people to sign off on their rights is really a thoughtful and generous public relations gesture :
Alabama Attorney General Troy King said tonight that he has told representatives of BP Plc. that they should stop circulating settlement agreements among coastal Alabamians .
The agreements , King said , essentially require that people give up the right to sue in exchange for payment of up to $ 5,000 .
King said BP 's efforts were particularly strong in Bayou La Batre .
Close to 30 percent of Bayou La Batre residents ( the so - called " Seafood Capital of America " and home to the fictional Bubba Gump shrimp in " Forrest Gump ) live below the poverty line .
They are people to whom $ 5000 is indeed a lot of money , and it's of course very kind of BP to offer them a token something for the long - term destruction of their livelihood and environment - especially after the battering they took from Hurricane Katrina .
Who knew that BP was a company run by a veritable Mother Theresa ?
Welcome to the Department of Home Affairs
Immigration and citizenship
l 'indice de soupape vr hmd détaille la fuite via une publication prématurée de la page du magasin , expédiée en juin 2019
* On May 27 - 28 , 2010 , I posted two more YouTube videos , one of a zoom into the quintic Rudy Set , and the other of a zoom into the quartic Rudy Set .
I ’ve embedded the second video into this post down where I discuss the Quartic Rudy set .
* On May 7 , 2010 , I began selling T - shirts with my fractals on the custom product site Zazzle at www.zazzle.com/rudyrucker.
The first T - shirt on offer features a Cubic Mandelbrot ’s WhoopDiDoo on the front and the Rudy set ’s Sanskrit Mandelbud on the back .
* On May 5 , 2010 , I made a short name for this URL , tinyurl.com /rudyfractals .
* On May 4 , 2010 , I began selling art prints of these images at my Ultrafractals gallery at rudy.imagekind.com .
* On May 3 , 2010 , I added some more Cubic Rudy Set images , and I started claiming that the Rudy Set is the “ true ” or “ ultimate ” meta-version of the Cubic Mandelbrot set .
* On April 22 , 2010 , I began adding some movies of these fractals to my rudyrucker Youtube channel .
* On April 7 , 2010 , I expanded this post to discuss the Quartic and Quintic Rudy sets .
* On April 2 , 2010 , I started this post with a discussion of the general Cubic Mandelbrots and the Cubic Rudy set .
RudyRockets ( detail of the Rudy Set ) .
Lower down in this post is an animated YouTube zoom to the Rockets .
I gave an early version of this post as a talk at the Computer Systems Laboratory Colloquium Stanford University twenty years ago , on March 7 , 1990 , as “ Computing Sections of the Cubic Connectedness Map . ”
The hardware designer John Wharton invited me .
Some of this information also appeared in the manual for the James Gleick ’s CHAOS program .
As I was discussing near the end of my previous post , CHAOS is unusable on the newer versions of Windows .
So this week , I ’ve been porting my favorite algorithms to the Ultra Fractal platform , and this post briefly describes the formulas and how to view them .
To run these fractals on Ultra Fractal , download a copy of Ultra Fractal 5 — you can get a free , ( almost ) fully featured , evaluation copy that ’s good for a month .
To see my Ultra Fractal implementations for the fractals I ’m discussing today , you can just download all of the Ultra Fractal public formulas by clicking Update Public Formulas on the Options menu of the Ultra Fractal program .
My two public files are text files rvr.ufm and rvr.upr , which you can read online .
The rvr.ufm file is a “ formula ” file that has the algorithms for the Cubic Julia , Cubic Mandelbrot , and Rudy sets written out as a text file in something like source code , along with a lot of comments explaining the process .
The rvr.upr file gives the particular parameter settings used for certain especially attractive images .
Note that lately I ’ve been updating these two files every week or so — particularly the parameter file — so make sure you have the latest versions .
As I say , the rvr.upr file holds several sets of parameters for fractals — including , as I say , all the fractals whose images I ’m showing today .
When you download the Ultra Fractal public formulas , you can find my two files in the “ Public Formulas ” subdirectory of the Ultra Fractal directory .
Open the Parameter File rvr.upr , and then click on the thumbnails or the names of the included fractals to see them run interactively .
You can zoom in on them , pan , change the resolution , and more .
Detail of the MandelCubicWhoopDiDoo Cubic Mandelbrot Set .
Iterated Functions and the Old Quadratic Julia and Mandelbrot Sets
A map in the plane is some system for finding an image P ’ of each point P .
If f is a map in the plane , and f maps z into z’ , I can express this either by writing z’ = f( z ) or by writing z – f– > z ’.
Given an f and a z , we can define a sequence zn by :
z0 = z , z1 = f( z ) , z2 = f( z1 , and in general , zn +1 = f( zn ) .
In terms of f ,
z –f– > z 1 –f– > z 2 –f– > z3 –f– > z4 – f– > …
For some starting values of z , the zn sequence hops around within some bounded region of the plane , and we say z is bounded under f .
And for other start values of z , the zn sequence heads off across the plane towards infinity .
The Julia set for a map f is defined as the set of all z in the plane which are bounded under f .
Symbolically , the Julia set for f is { z : z –f– > FINITE )}.
The quadratic map fc given by fc(z ) = z ^2 + c has been widely studied .
The Julia set for the fc map is called Jc . They became popular in the 1980s , along with a kind of “ directory set ” called the Mandelbrot set , which can be defined equivalently as M = { c : Jc is connected} , or , M = { c : the origin is in Jc } .
The Cubic Julia Sets
Okay , now for the good stuff !!!
The maps which the Cubic Julias and Cubic Mandelbrots are based on have the form fkc , with fkc( z ) = z ^3 – 3 * k*z + c
For each fkc we can define a cubic Julia set Jkc by : Jkc = { z : z–fkc– > FINITE } .
Why do I write fkc(z ) in the particular form that I do ?
As discussed in Bodil Branner and John Hubbard , The Iteration of Cubic Polynomials , Part I : The Global Topology of Parameter Space , if you write polynomials in certain special ways , it ’s easier to locate the so - called critical points of the polyonomials .
More on this point later on .
For now , the point is simply that , by moving the origin of our coordinate system and a judicious choice of k and c , we can in fact write any cubic polyonomial in the indicated form .
To graphically represent the Jkc sets , each pixel position on the screen is identified with a distinct complex number c , and we look at c’s behavior under the map , which generates successive zn values .
If zn is more than , say , 4 units way from the origin , we assume the sequence is headed for infinity , and give the pixel a color based on the value of n .
And if zn stays within the boundary distance for as many steps as we check , then we assume that the pixel represents a point inside the set , and we typically color these points black .
Unlike in the quadratic case , these cubic Julia sets Jkc are generally not symmetric .
Some of them are connected , like these two .
JuliaCubicAsteroids
JuliaCubicTwirly
Some are connected but not totally disconnected ( made of numerous separate connected
patches ) like this one :
JuliaCubicChunks
And some — who we wo n’t bother showing — are totally disconnected , like clouds of dust .
It has been proved that Jkc is in fact connected if and only if both the complex numbers k = a +ib and -k = - a - ib are in Jkc .
These are the critical points of the fkc map that I was talking about above .
We ’ve written the cubic in the special form z ^3 – 3 * k*z + c precisely so that the critical points have a simple definition : k and -k .
As Jkc is not symmetric , it may happen that only one of k or -k is in Jkc.
Jkc is connected only when both of these critical points are in Jkc .
Cubic Mandelbrot Sets
The four - dimensional set of all complex pairs k and c such that Jkc is connected is known as the Cubic Connectedness map , or the CCM .
Why do I say four dimensional ?
Well , k has two numbers inside it in the form a +bi , and c also holds two numbers .
Ranging over four parameters gives you a 4D space .
The CCM set has been studied by Adrian Douady , John Hubbard and John Milnor — as well as the paper mentioned above , see Adrian Douady and John Hubbard , “ On the Dynamics of Polynomial - like Mappings , ” and Bodil Branner and John Hubbard , “ The Iteration of Cubic Polynomials Part II : Patterns and Parapatterns . ”
( Love the title . )
I never have understood why the Cubic Connectedness Map is n’t much better known !
For some odd reason , my fellow fractal fanatics have consistently snubbed or misunderstood this incredibly rich vein of gnarl .
CCM = { ( k , c ) : Jkc is connected}
or , putting it differently ,
CCM = { ( k , c ) : ( k –fkc– > FINITE ) AND ( - k –fkc– > FINITE ) }
The way our program depicts the CCM is to show various two - dimensional cross-sections of it .
These cross-sections are what we call Cubic Mandelbrot sets .
If , for instance , k is fixed , then we can look at the Cubic Mandelbrot set Mk .
Mk = { c : Jkc is connected} , or
Mk = { c : ( k–fkc– > FINITE ) AND ( - k–fkc– > FINITE ) } .
It turns out that that Mk is symmetric around the origin , that is , if c is in Mk , so is - c .
If k = 0+0i , one gets a degenerate Mk with fourfold symmetry ; this is the default Cubic Mandelbrot set that I have as the MandelCubicBasic parameter .
This rather boring fractal is , sadly , the only well - known cubic Mandelbrot .
Most fractal explorers neglect all the other — much more interesting —
Mk .
The boring MandelCubicBasic
Note that a small change in the K parameter makes it more interesting .
The interesting MandelCubicStack
And things get better .
Detail of MandelCubicInvasionOfTheHrull
One often sees small replicas of the pieces of the quadratic Mandelbrot set inside the Mk , though sometimes with wedges cut out of them .
Detail of MandelCubicPacMan
By slightly varying the two components of the k parameter , one can look at k - sections near each other , and try to visualize stacking them one atop the other .
Looking at successive sections , I have formed the impression that the Mk re like cross-sections of a three - dimensional Mandelbrot shape , buds all over it — the semi-mythical beast called the Mandelbulb .
As I mentioned above , the full CCM is in fact four - dimensional , and this shows up in the fact that many of the bud cross-sections have pieces missing from them .
As an aid to mathematical visualization , I think of it this way .
The CCM is like a three dimensional solid which is free to move pieces of itself to arbitrary time locations .
Thus if a section of a bud seems to have the right half missing , we might think of the left half of the bud as being in Monday and the right half of the bud as being in Tuesday , with your cross-section being computed at the Monday time coordinate .
I use time not at all in a physical sense here , but simply for the vividness of the image .
Some of the Mk details are fairly amazing .
Detail of MandelCubicZipper
As well as the cubic Mk CCM cross-sections , we can also compute
Mc = { k : Jkc is connected} , or
Mc = {k : ( k–fkc– > FINITE ) AND ( - k–fkc– > FINITE ) } .
The Mc are , to my eye , not as interesting as the Mk .
But you can look at them and decide for yourself .
Here ’s one that has a certain gruff charm .
Detail of MandelCubic( Cplane ) Ogre
I would very much like to view 3D sets which are stacks of Mk sets ( or stacks of Mc sets ) that arise as one varies , for instance , the real part of k from - 1 to 1 .
I have a lingering hope that these objects may look bulbous rather than taffy - like , despite the lack of success of some preliminary investigations .
See my blog post on the Mandelbulb for more on this topic .
The Cubic Rudy Set is the TRUE Cubic Mandelbrot Set
An apparently new fractal which I have enjoyed investigating is this .
R = {c : Jcc is connected}
= {c : c is in Mc}
= {c : ( c- fcc– > FINITE ) AND ( - c –fcc– > FINITE ) }.
I immodestly call this the Rudy set , although it may be that pros like Branner , Douady , or Hubbard have their own name for it .
As I say , I first starting working with this set some twenty years ago , but computers were pretty slow back then .
In the last few days , using Ultra Fractal , I ’ve seen much more detail of the Rudy set than ever before .
Images that used to take hours to render can pop up in seconds .
Note that the Cubic Rudy Set has an absolute or non-relative quality , in that it avoids the choice between the Mk and Mc Mandelbrot Cubics , each of which are a certain kind of orientation - dependent cross-sections of the Cubic Connectedness Map .
By going down the Jkk in the definition of the Rudy Set , we reach down to something that ’s not relative to any specific orientation .
Note also that we could equivalently define the Rudy Set as {c : c is in Mc} .
For this is just {c : Jcc is connected} , which is the same as {k : Jkk is connected} .
The Rudy Set
Compare the definition of R as {k : Jkk is connected}to the definition of the Mandelbrot set M as { c : Jc is connected} .
This makes me think that R is a good generalization of M , in some ways better than the Mk or Mc .
Actually I would go so far as to argue that the so - called Rudy set is the TRUE cubic Mandelbrot .
Standard Quadratic Mandel : {c : Jc is connected}
So - called Rudy Set ( which is really the TRUE Cubic Mandelbrot ) : {c : Jcc is connected}
Slam dunk !
R is an object which is extremely rich in unusual fractal structures .
One good region is the plume between 2 and 3 o’clock relative to the whole set .
I call this area “ Mars ” .
RudyMars
An image like a rocking horse is found in the Mars region of the Rudy set .
This horse is one of my favorite spots .
RudyHorse
Another good region is the spike at the top , at 12 o’clock .
There is an interesting structure there that is a bit like a Mandelbrot set , but considerably gnarlier .
I call it FatBud .
This is a great region for gnarl .
RudyFatBud
The Julia sets from inside the Fat Bud zone are lovely and spidery — branching patterns of connected lines .
JuliaCubicFromRudyFatBud
And here ’s a YouTube movie of a zoom in and out of the Rudy set , with the turnaround point at the “ RudyRockets ” image at the start of this post .
Note again that you can find all of these locations by using my online UltraFractal parameter set rvr.upr .
“ Rockets ” zoom into the Rudy Set .
I keep finding more and more great stuff in the Rudy set .
All these parameters are in the online text file rvr.upr , which I ’m updating every week or so .
RudyHedgehog .
And click here for a humongo 3 Meg RudyHedgehog you can get lost in .
Lots of little Mandelbrot sets turn up inside the Rudy set .
RudySanskritBud
I recently found a really powerful region in the first miniMandelbrot bud above the top of the Redy set .
There ’s an exawatt particle beam blasting out to make the RudyParticleBeam .
And near the ParticleBeam are some globs of paired twirly things I call the RudyIsopod .
And down inside the very center of that gap at the core of the RudyIsopod is a mini-Mandelbrot set , RudyMandelInTwirls
This looks better all the time …
The Quartic Rudy Set
I was puzzled about how to find the critical points for fourth degree and fifth degree polynomials .
Googling for the answer , I found a series of articles by the Swedish fractalist , Ingvar Kullberg , who is one of the only people who ’s gotten into making images involving the Cubic Connectedness Map .
And his article “ 28 )
To derive the optimal iteration formulas for polynomials of degree d , ” has the reference to pp. 151-152 of the crucial article by Bodil Branner and John Hubbard that I mentioned earlier , The Iteration of Cubic Polynomials , Part I : The Global Topology of Parameter Space .
Without going into too much mathematical detail here , suffice it to say that we can write the general quartic polynomial as
fmkc(z ) = z ^4 + 2 ( mk -( m+k ) ^2 ) * z^2 + 4 mk ( m+k ) *z + c
The z which do n’t run off to infinity under iterations of this map form the quartic Julia set Jmkc .
Jmkc = { z : z–fmkc– > FINITE }.
A JuliaQuartic , pretty natty .
And Jmkc is connected if and only if the following three critical points are in Jmkc : m , k and - m - k .
And the Quartic Connectedness Map would be the six - dimensional set of all complex triples ( m , k , c ) such that Jmkc is connected .
The Mandelbrot cross-sections of the Quartic Connectedness Map verge upon resembling crushed pieces of trash in the street , I wo n’t bother showing one .
Instead here ’s the Rudy Quartic , which has a trefoil shape .
The RudyQuartic .
We can define the Quartic Rudy set R4 as follows .
R4 = {c : Jccc is connected} .
The three critical points will be c , -c , and 0 , so ,
R4 = {c : c –fccc– > FINITE ) AND ( - c –fccc– > FINITE ) AND ( 0 – fmmm– > FINITE ) }.
The three corners of the Rudy Quartic have things like Mandelbrots , with a very turbulent V - shaped spike .
And check out the floating sky palace in the Rudy Quartic in this area .
RudyQuarticSkyPalace
Here ’s an animation zooming down into the RudyQuarticSkyPalace , past the RudyQuarticHeffalump and down to a mini Mandelbrot bud .
I made the animation on May 28 , 2010 .
The Quintic Rudy Set
Finally we come to the Quintic Rudy set .
First we define a fifth - degree polynomial map fnmkc with four parameters .
For the gory details of the map , see the comments in the GeneralQuinticJulia algorithm in the pseudocode file rvr.ufm — which , as I mentioned above , opens as a text file if you click on it .
JuliaQuinticRunningMan is pretty nice .
And then we define the quintic Julia set Jnmkc , as Jnmkc = { z : z–fnmkc– > FINITE } .
And , as before we find some critical points , four of them for each Jnmkc , and we can use the critical points to test if Jnmkc is connected .
The connected but asymmetric JuilaQuinticDangle .
We can also find a Quintic Mandelbrot set Mnkm = {c : Jnkmc is connected} .
Poking around in one of them , I found a nice quadratic Mandelbrot shape surrounding by leopard spots of quintic gnarl .
The MandelQuinticLeopard .
Below is a video taken around the edges of a quintic Mandelbrot set .
The video is 300 frames , and it took my brand - new maximum speed computer thirteen hours to compute !
It ends with a zoom down to the MandelQuinticLeopard spot .
[ Use Ultra Fractal and the rvr.ufm parameters to locate the MandelQuinticLeopard . ]
And now , finally , we define the Quintic Rudy set R5 .
R5 = {c : Jcccc is connected} .
In these somewhat degenerate Jcccc cases , the four critical points collapse to two points , c and - 3 c , so we can say R5 = {c : c –fccc– > FINITE ) AND ( - 3 c –fccc– > FINITE }.
The RudyQuintic is fairly unprepossessing .
But if you zoom in , you can find some kind of pretty stuff .
RudyQuinticEightfoldMandel
But I have to say that the basic cubic Rudy set seems more interesting .
It ’s like those high powers wash things out .
I was actually frightened when I zoomed into the cubic Rudy set and found the region shown below .
It was like I was too far underwater , or too far out in space .
Venture to the RudyExtraterrestrial if you dare .
In closing , note that you can in fact check the correctness of my old cubic Rudy Set , Quartic Rudy , and Quintic Rudy algorithms by using the Fractal Mode Switch feature .
In Ultra Fractal , press F7 and move the cursor around over one of the three Rudy sets , and note that the corresponding Julia sets shown in the Fractal Mode window are connected if and only if the cursor is over a dark , interior region of the Rudy sets .
While developing the algorithms , I in fact relied on this feature to make sure I was n’t putting in bugs .
I ’ll probably keep adding to this post as time goes by .
Remember , you can find it by using the simple URL tinyurl.com / rudyfractals .
IF you want to understand why the Reserve Bank is lifting interest rates , take a look not at the property market in Melbourne - but at the billions of dollars once again being tossed around in and around our mining and resources industries .
Yes , what 's happening in the property market is not exactly unconnected .
But the ' root cause ' is the erupting , potentially mother of all , resources boom .
The ' causer ' so to speak is of course China .
The deals start with those multi-billion contracts .
Over the old favourites coal and iron ore and normal gas - the , well , gaseous , type .
But even more dramatically also the sort of gas - so - called coal seam gas - for which we are yet to see a single plant built .
That 's what I call a boom .
When major companies are prepared to pay billions to buy into , and then promise to invest billions more to build what is essentially an idea into a project .
True , probably a very good idea and ultimately a realisable one .
But still at this stage , an idea .
From those sorts of deals to the very real billions of very real dollars in existing production of again , especially iron ore and coal .
BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto have scored big time with their iron ore .
First the price .
Up around 100 per cent this year .
With Chinese buyers grudgingly conceding to now pay much more than they rejected as too much last year .
In some ways even more tellingly , agreeing to a new way for the price to be set : quarterly and ' by the market ' .
Then on to the return of takeover offers in the sector way above market .
The latest , saw the giant Peabody Coal company lifting its bid for Macarthur Coal from $ 13 to $ 14 a share .
Further , the clear import , obviously unstated , is that if Macarthur actually welcomed it , Peabody would go even higher .
The offer was met with entertaining derision from Macarthur 's erstwhile partner , Asia 's Noble Group .
But far from Peabody protesting too much , as Noble suggested , Noble 's dismissive response revealed how it was proposing to steal Macarthur at yesterday prices , while at the very same time proclaiming the developing boom to come !
Originally published as This is the boom behind the rise
The Seattle Seahawks have formally announced the release of running back LenDale White .
And this time they wo n’t be taking it back .
“ It became apparent at this time that LenDale was not ready to be a member of the Seattle Seahawks , ” Seahawks G.M. John Schneider said in the team ’s statement .
“ It just did not appear to be the right fit at this point in our program .
We wish LenDale all the best with his future . ”
The Seahawks acquired White in a trade with the Tennessee Titans during the NFL draft , and it ’s not clear why the team decided to get rid of him a month later .
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll , who also coached White at USC , had indicated that he was excited about being reunited with his old running back , and reports out of Seattle indicated that White was no longer struggling with his weight .
But whatever the reasons ,
White is now an unrestricted free agent , available to any team that wants him .
We know the Titans and Seahawks do n’t .
Jeff Graubart .
AFFEERCE : A Business Plan to Save the United States and Then the World ( Second draft -- 2013 ) .
[ Disclaimer .
This is a paid review .
I was assured by Jeff Graubart that negative reviews were fine – he expected only honesty .
And I received 40 % of the payment up front , with the rest to come after writing the review . ]
Graubart 's vision of a future society , like the whole of Gaul , is divided into three parts :
We need free markets on steroids and we need universal entitlement on steroids .
If you ca n’t see past what appears to be an absurd contradiction , then you have n’t put that together with the third thing that is essential for the survival of the planet : reproductive control : parents must pay for their child ’s entitlements before they are allowed to give birth or adopt .
These are outlined in the fundamental relations .
For Graubart , these three basic features of his proposed society are a three - legged stool .
Without all three of them , it wo n't stand .
Remove any one , he warns , and the result will be barbarism .
The first feature , the free market itself — the maximum possible degree of economic freedom — is a goal for Graubart in it 's own right .
But without a universal entitlement , a totally free and unregulated market will lead to barbarism through the concentration of capital , technological unemployment and mass impoverishment , and eventually class war and revolution .
And without reproductive control , the universal entitlement will lead to an underclass breeding out of control for the sake of the additional entitlement money their kids will bring into the household , and eventually to mass impoverishment and social bankruptcy from overpopulation .
I do n't see either of these outcomes as necessary or inevitable absent his proposed remedy , and therefore for me the chain of logic by which the three parts of his agenda cohere into a whole is weak ( as I will explain later in this review ) .
Graubart explains the basic principles in more detail with the acronym AFFEERCE , with AF standing forAlternative Family , FE for Free Enterprise , E for ( Universal ) Entitlement , RC for Reproductive Control and E for Enlightenment .
Alternative Family does not mean you have to run off and join a commune or have a 5 - way sexual relationship .
You have every right to structure your family on 1 man + 1 woman + children .
Or you can choose to live alone ....
Free Enterprise means laissez - faire .
It means government keeps its hands off business .
It means no minimum wage and no inflation .
It means no corporate income tax of any kind .
It means the marketplace will determine if monopolies should form and the effectiveness of collusion .
It also means no civil rights protection and no right to a job ....
Universal Entitlement – ... Entitlement is not based on need .
A billionaire receives the same entitlement for food and housing as a pauper .
Each person in a family of 50 receives the same dollar
amount for food and housing as a person who lives alone .
Personal entitlements include nutritious food , safe shelter , unlimited free education , and quality medical ....
Reproductive Control – Families must pay the present value for a lifetime of entitlements before they are allowed to adopt or raise a child .
This is approximately $ 600,000 but it is tax free .
However , this goal might not be met for a century or more .
In the beginning , families might pay only half the cost of entitlement or $ 300,000 before being allowed to adopt or raise a child .
Even this amount might be phased in over 100 or more years ....
Regardless of cost , if the parents cannot pay , the child will be placed with a family that can afford the child ....
Enlightenment –
In a free society , all religions , spiritualties , beliefs or lack thereof , are welcome .
The AFFEERCE enlightenment is a reliance of the truths in nature following the deconstruction of postmodernism ....
The postmodern age will lead to the synthesis between objectivism and subjectivism ; an age of the union of science with spirituality , of mind and body , of freedom and entitlement , of Eros and Agape .
About the last item , Enlightenment , I have little to say , because metaphysics and epistemology are pretty far outside the subject matter I feel competent to discuss .
Before I finish up with a detailed critique of the logical connections between the three major parts of Graubart 's agenda , though , I will take some time to comment on the other individual components of AFFEERCE with my own positive and negative observations .
Graubart 's Alternative Families are quite similar to what I 've written about elsewhere as “ primary social units . ”
Rather than “ Alternative Families , ” I think “ households ” might be a more apt description , since many of them bear a closer resemblance to what we would think of as multi-family cohousing projects .
They exist mainly as economic expedients for pooling incomes and risks , and reducing costs of living by minimizing the unused spare capacity of housing and household capital goods that normally exists when separate nuclear family households predominate .
Of course large Alternative Families can also function as polyamorous sexual units or group child - rearing institutions , but they do n't have to .
And people can still form families based on one couple with children , but the economic incentives in Graubart 's society would be strongly in favor of larger household units .
Graubart 's picture of how a Free Enterprise economy would work is , in my opinion , one of the weaker parts of his book .
The main way his Free Enterprise economy deviates from the real article is the VOS :
In AFFEERCE , a government agency , The Bureau of Standards , through volunteer standards groups , wil coordinate industry standards , and require that industries either adopt the standards of the industry , or display in a consistent way across all industries , those standards that are violated , the VOS .
Omission of violated standards from the VOS and failure to properly display or get customer sign - off on the VOS constitutes fraud .
The VOS is a legal document that protects against liability , so businesses will pay inspection agencies to certify their VOS .
* * *
Once you have properly revealed how your entity deviates from acceptable standards , you no longer are liable for that deviation .
* * *
Each category of enterprise has an associated set of standards determined by volunteer consumer and business standard ’s groups ( VSG ’s ) whose members are members of these enterprises or engage in the marketplace with these enterprises .
The Bureau of Standards coordinates these VSG’s , and makes suggestions for consistency across types of enterprises , but does not control the set of standards .
* * *
Secondly , any business that does pollute would have to indicate the extent of its pollution on its VOS .
Should the pollution markedly exceed the amount disclosed , that would likely constitute fraud .
The VOS is a public document that limits liability .
There are no officials to bribe or arcane EPA regulations to hide behind .
This strikes me as a poor alternative to the use of a fully liberated tort law and a wide variety of self - organized reputational systems for punishing corporate malfeasors .
But Graubart 's attitude toward such approaches is quite dismissive .
The point is that there are literally billions of cases where fraud is ambiguous .
Certainly an industry can collude on a set of standards , and even display an “ Underwriter ’s laboratory ” type of seal , but there is nothing to prevent another business , or even one of the companies from producing the product at less cost by violating those standards and selling to customers who have neither the time nor energy nor inclination to study labels .
* * *
The argument that bad practices will quickly destroy a business is false .
Companies change names .
People are mobile and do not spend their time researching companies .
Even major news exposés can be lost amongst the information overload ....
Graubart , in critiquing the standard libertarian vision of a free market regulatory state , frequently refers to the “ objectivist ” position on this or that , seemingly taking the Randians as a stand - in for libertarianism in general .
I get the impression that he has little exposure to the free market tradition or libertarian literature outside the Objectivist milieu , and in particular I get no indication that he 's familiar with such writers on the mechanics of a free market regulatory regime as David Friedman or Morris and Linda Tannehill .
I think Graubart underestimates the extent to which a liberated tort law , in its full vigor and without liability caps and other forms of right - wing “ tort reform ” promoted by business lobbyists , would strike fear into the hearts of potential defrauders and malfeasants .
A genuinely libertarian common law of torts would restore the notions of liability that existed before state court judges changed the law to make it more business - friendly in the early - to - mid - 19th century ( as recounted by Morton Horwitz in The Transformation of American Law ) .
Before these judge - made modifications to the classical law of torts , it was n't necessary to prove negligence .
If you did something that resulted in an unforeseen harm to your neighbor , you were liable for it , regardless of intent .
And “ standard business practices ” were n't a defense — if a new business imposed negative externalities on neighbors who were already there , it was liable for them .
The 20th century regulatory state further weakened what civil damages were available to punish corporate wrongdoers .
In many cases regulations like the EPA 's environmental standards were dumbed - down , least - common - denominator standards that preempted common law standards of liability and created safe harbors against civil liability .
So a company that destroys the watershed of an entire region through mountaintop removal , or poisons the air and water of surrounding communities and creates a cancer cluster by fracking , can say “ Hey , we meet the EPA regulatory standard ” and use that as a shield against liability in court .
I also think — something about which I 'll have more to say below in my evaluation of his argument for the necessity of the Universal Entitlement — that Graubart underestimates how drastically a genuine free market economy would differ from our present one in structural terms .
He seems to envision an economy still characterized by lots of corporate firms and an atomized society with lots and lots of anonymous transactions in the cash nexus .
But I believe that , absent state subsidies to long - distance transportation and economic centralization , and to large - scale enterprise and hierarchy , the pressure would be overwhelmingly toward decentralization and relocalization , and more demographically stable localities .
The great bulk of manufactured items that are now imported from large factories across the United States or sweatshops in China would be produced in small garage factories with the surrounding neighborhood or community as their primary market .
A great deal more — especially in the way of foodstuffs and clothing — would be produced in the informal economy of the large household itself , or informal barter and gift networks of multiple households .
Rather than one - off transactions on the anonymous cash nexus , most economic exchange would overlap with the social ties of neighborhood and community , with people producing for customers they know by face and name .
In such a society , where most enterprises depended on repeat business from their neighbors , and selling dangerous or tainted goods that resulted in harm would get you assessed damages by a jury of your angry neighbors , both reputational and tort mechanisms would carry a lot more weight .
The Universal Entitlement is Graubart 's version of a proposal that 's been around for a long time ( basic income , guaranteed minimum income , negative income tax , citizen 's dividend , social credit , etc. ) .
And I find it attractive , at least as a transitional measure .
As Graubart points out himself , a guaranteed minimum income would do away with the entire welfare state bureaucracy at federal , state and local levels , with its enormous administrative costs .
But I find it far more attractive when packaged , as it is in proposals by the Geolibertarians , with a funding system based on taxing economic rents ( primarily the site value of land ) and negative externalities ( i.e. Pigovian taxes on pollution and resource extraction ) .
A libertarian society in which the welfare state was replaced by a universal basic income funded by a tax on unearned wealth , the regulatory state was replaced with prohibitive taxes on emissions of CO2 and toxic chemicals , and the market was otherwise completely free , would at least be a huge step in the right direction .
So I 'm somewhat surprised that Graubart reinvents the wheel with a funding mechanism based on a 70 % flat tax on consumption , instead of these other , more attractive funding proposals .
Of course Graubart 's flat tax is n't nearly as regressive in practice as it sounds .
First of all , it 's a tax only on consumption spending over and above the Universal Entitlement , which is slightly over $ 1000 a month ( and includes food , housing and healthcare among other necessities ) .
So for those in the bottom three quintiles of the population , at least , a 70 % tax on consumption over $ 1000 a month would probably be less than the total federal and state income tax , Social Security and Medicare payroll tax , and state and local sales and property taxes , that they 're paying now .
And the consumption tax is only a temporary expedient for paying the Universal Entitlement while Reproductive Control ( enforced by a requirement to pay the entire capitalized lifetime value of a future child 's Universal Entitlement , $ 600,000 , up front before having a child ) is phased in .
As Reproductive Control is implemented — Graubart proposes to gradually work up to the full $ 600,000 per child over many years — the consumption tax will be steadily lowered and replaced by revenue from the payment for having children .
The Universal Entitlement is deposited into an account that can be accessed for spending via a universal biometric identification system .
An individual , say , buying food or clothing , or paying rent from this account simply swipes their hand , speaks or submits to a retinal scan to make a cashless payment .
The Entitlement cannot be transferred from one person to another , with one big exception : between members of an Alternative Family .
The Alternative Family , with its formal legal charter and bylaws , is the official building block of the AFFEERCE society , and all its members '
Entitlements are shared within the family unit as a condition of membership .
The Transition .
One thing I like about this book is , it 's one of those visions of the future that falls within the category of ( in the words of the Wobbly slogan ) “ building the structure of the new society within the shell of the old .
Graubart 's book , first and foremost , is an appeal for investors ( see his website at http://www.affeerce.org/ ) .
He intends to build lots of miniature local AFFEERCE societies as business corporations with joint land trusts as a platform for member households and business enterprises .
These nuclei he calls “ ... AFFEERCE nations , ” or “ AFFEERCE enclaves that develop under the current government of the United States . ”
Of course , the third and fundamental problem of all movements is how do we bring such a society about ?
There is only one sure way : a business plan .
Relying on both the profit motive and the AFFEERCE spirit , AFFEERCE will grow into a corporation so large and powerful , it will swallow Washington whole .
I promise you , when the time for capitulation comes , the people of the United States will vote nearly unanimously to turn power over to the AFFEERCE Nations .
And until that fateful day , the United States Government and the AFFEERCE Nations shall coexist in complete harmony .
* * *
Keep in mind that AFFEERCE nations will form within the United States of America and be subject to its laws : most importantly , the code of the Internal Revenue Service .
While our tax lawyers will utilize every loophole , and our representatives will work to make the code as favorable as possible for the AFFEERCE nations to flourish , AFFEERCE is built on honesty .
The VIP will issue 1099s for every AFFEERCE citizen , and maintain automatic withholding into a dollar - denominated tax account ....
... In pre-capitulation AFFEERCE , the AFFEERCE nation is a privately held corporation ....
These AFFERCIANADO pioneers will form an AFFEERCE land corporation by purchasing shares and electing a board .
The land corporation can buy contiguous foreign land , register it as AFFEERCE territory , optionally develop the land , and sell AFFEERCE territory to citizens ( encumbered by an AFFEERCE lien ) .
I find this very attractive .
The classic example of this approach was Ebenezer Howard 's Garden Cities , to be built on cheap colonized land in the countryside , and developed with funds from a land value tax on the appreciating real estate values .
Dmytri Kleiner's “ VentureCommunism ” takes a similar approach .
So does the movement in Vinay Gupta 's short story “ The Unplugged , ” based on “ buying in at the bottom ” and building a comfortable subsistence lifestyle on the superior efficiency of small - scale high technology .
The idea of an alternative economy movement forming as a voluntary association within the existing capitalist society , relying for its inputs primarily on the waste byproducts of inefficient corporate dinosaurs and doing a far better job efficiently extracting value from them , and growing within the belly of the beast until it ultimately takes over from within , is something that I find — to repeat — very attractive .
My main difference from Graubart on this score is I do n't think it 's necessary for such an alternative economy to ever take over the state or other institutional framework of the old society .
No need for capitulation , or for the United States to formally amend the Constitution to make the new economic order the law of the land .
The state and the large corporation exist for purposes that will be obsolete in a free society with cheap small - scale production technology , horizontal network communications and peer - to - peer organizations .
The Logical Necessity for the Universal Entitlement .
The Universal Entitlement is necessary in a free market economy , Graubart says , because without it the natural trends of the free market will impoverish the great majority of the population and create an army of paupers ready to pull society down around their ears .
“ Universal entitlement allows for a free market economy , and it is the only thing that does . ”
The reason is simple technology :
there is no question that given enough innovation , a single skilled human being can operate a machine that will do the work currently done by tens of thousands of workers .
Massive wealth will be created .
Where should it go ?
To build prisons for the unemployed underclass whose clergy instructs them to reproduce ?
Graubart 's technological unemployment argument , I believe , is based on a misunderstanding of technological history .
Technological unemployment , like the wage system itself , presupposes a specific technological model : capital - intensive mass production , using expensive , product - specific machines — conventional factories , in other words , in just about every particular except the radically reduced need for people to work in them .
They seem to be talking about something like a GM factory , with microcontrollers and servomotors in place of workers , like the Ithaca works in Vonnegut ’s Player Piano .
If such expensive , capital - intensive , mass - production methods constituted the entire world of manufacturing employment , as they were in 1960 , then the Graubart 's technological unemployment scenario would indeed be terrifying .
But in fact the technological changes of recent years are destroying the material rationale not only for the wage system and factory system , but for technological unemployment .
That rationale , originally , was a technological shift from individually affordable , general - purpose craft tools to extremely expensive , specialized machinery as the dominant means of production .
Such machinery could only be afforded by rich people , who hired poor people to work it for them .
The revolution in desktop information technology and cheap garage - scale digital machine tools is reversing this trend :
We ’re going back to ( a much higher - tech version of ) cheap , general - purpose craft tools .
When the predominant means of production are individually affordable , the very distinction between being “ employed ” and “ unemployed ” becomes meaningless .
A larger share of work becomes ad hoc and project - based rather than employer - based , and indeed a great deal of work shifts back to its original understanding as something you do to feed yourself rather than something you 're given by an employer .
At the same time , the terminal crises of the corporate economy and the technological destruction of its material rationale are already to many of the kinds of changes that Graubart associates with his Alternative Families .
Large families allow some members to take on risk and provide a greater division of labor for startups ....
Each additional family member allows a more efficient use for the total housing , food and sundry entitlements , thereby creating wealth .
* * *
Most importantly , that which will render all of Marx ’s arguments on alienation and commodity fetishism moot is the freedom of the alternative family in an AFFEERCE society .
Because of the entitlements , the division of labor and the economies of scale , every AFFEERCE family is free to form their own society .
Each individual has a right to work at their own speed .
Labors of love can be turned into small profits that large industrial giants would never even consider .
Communes receive huge food and housing entitlements every month and they are free to combine pagan ritual with the harvest and still make money .
What is important to each of us takes center stage in our lives .
We are the means of production , and we shall not be alienated from ourselves .
According to the neo-Marxist James O'Connor , in Accumulation Crisis , the historic tendency of capitalism , during cyclical crises , has been for unemployed and underemployed workers to shift a portion of their needs satisfaction to self - provisioning in the informal and household sector .
And given that we 're now in a crisis that 's not cyclical but structual , there is a long - term shift toward increased satisfaction of needs through self - provisioning in the household and informal economy .
As Ralph Borsodi showed eighty years ago , even then it was more economical in terms of total unit costs to grow and can one 's own food than to buy it at the supermarket , or to make one 's own clothing with a sewing machine .
Since then the revolution in desktop information technology and tools for the home workshop has increased the share of production that can be undertaken at home , or in a neighborhood cooperative workshop with shared tools .
At the same time , the large household of an extended family or multiple families has a long history as a unit for pooling risks , costs and income .
And in the years since we hit Peak Employment in 2000 , there has been a drastic increase in multi-generational households .
I expect this only to rise in coming years , as both the state - and employer - based social safety net become hollowed out and are forced to retreat from social life .
I expect a rise in primary social units like extended family compounds , multi-family cohousing projects , urban communes , neighborhood barter and sharing systems , intentional communities , friendly societies and lodges , mutual insurance systems , networked employment platforms like guilds and cooperative temp agencies , and a wide variety of other expedients , to replace the risk - , cost - and income - pooling functions currently provided by the state , employers and capitalist insurance policies .
I expect to see a society coalesce , over the coming decades , much like a high - tech version of the medieval peasant commune ( e.g. the English open - field system or Russian mir ) , in which one is born into a primary social unit that supports its children and gives adults who choose to stay an aliquot share in the common productive land and access to the workshop , and either undertakes production in such facilities for common consumption or contributes income from an outside wage job in return for a guaranteed right to food and subsistence .
In such a primary social unit ( say a multi- family compound of twenty people ) only a few might work at outside wage employment to earn the “ foreign exchange ” to buy goods available only on the cash nexus , others might work feeding the family by working in intensive raised - bed gardens or caring for chickens and guinea pigs , or working in the workshop .
Surplus specialty crops or craft goods the household specializes in might be exchanged for other household surpluses in the neighborhood barter network .
In other words , the natural economic trends of shifting to an informal economy will replicate the effects of the Universal Entitlement .
As I argued above , I think Graubart drastically underestimates just how radically a genuine free market economy — one without state - enforced privileges , artificial property rights or artificial scarcities of any kind — would differ from our current one .
And while it will never be the case , as it is today , where the lower 40 % of the population has .2 percent of the wealth in a truly free society , there is a level of inequality that has been shown to favor optimal success in business , science and economics .
It is based on the work of Joseph Juran and named after Italian economist Vilfredo Pareto .
The Pareto Principle shows that a natural and optimal inequality will tend to occur , where 20 % of the population has 80 % of the wealth ...
* * *
Currently , the top 20 % of the population has 93 % of the wealth , not the Pareto 80 % .
I do n't think Pareto was situated to make any such pronouncement , based on the observation of actually existing capitalism — a system in which the actual distribution of wealth reflects mainly rents on state - enforced artificial property , and the predominant model of business enterprise reflects massive state subsidies and entry barriers .
The elimination of direct and indirect rents on “ intellectual property ” ( including the waste and planned obsolescence from the effect of patents on criminalizing modular designs with open - source replacement parts and ease of repair ) , the elimination of the portion of land rent that results from absentee title to vacant and unimproved land , the elimination of the portion of interest that results from entry barriers to cooperative banks and alternative barter currencies , the elimination of licensing , zoning and safety code barriers to running home microenterprises ( micro - bakeries , hair salons , restaurants , daycare , unlicensed cab services , etc. ) using the spare capacity of ordinary household appliances , legal barriers to self - built vernacular housing , etc. , would both drastically lower the income of the top tier of the economy and also drastically lower the threshold for comfortable subsistence .
Far from technological employment , I think technological changes will lead to a society where employers have trouble hiring workers for enough hours or at a low enough wage to make a profit , because they face the nightmare scenario where they 're competing with the possibility of self - employment and self - provisioning .
This is the scenario that led to the Enclosures 250 years ago , when capitalist farmers in Britain complained that cottagers with independent access to a living on the common were unwilling to work as many hours , or for as low a wage , as the farmer desired .
There will still be differences in wealth from energy and effort , skill , and sheer entrepreneurial ability in anticipating and meeting needs .
But there will no longer be the massive wealth resulting from compound returns on artificially scarce land and capital , or living off the rent of one - hit wonders by using patent and copyright to criminalize competition .
Instead of our present wealth differential of boulders and dust , the range will be more like good - sized rocks and pebbles .
Barbarism , in short , is not the only alternative to the Universal Entitlement .
The Logical Necessity for Reproductive Control .
Graubart concedes that the idea of children as a source of wealth was originally one associated with pre-industrial societies with labor - intensive forms of production , extreme poverty , and high mortality rates .
He concedes that this state of affairs ended when childhood mortality fell , children ceased to be an economic asset in the household , and income came mainly from adult employment outside the home .
But “ [ y ] ou might be surprised to find out that in a truly free society , many of the reasons to have children in pre-modern times will come back in a thoroughly modern context . ”
Unfortunately , Graubart 's actual argument seems to consist almost entirely of a priori reasoning from his assumptions about human nature — assumptions that sound a lot like the anecdotes from a Ronald Reagan speech ca. 1970 about “ welfare queens ” driving Cadillacs and buying T - bones with food stamps .
To show that this is not hyperbole or mischaracterization on my part , I produce an unusually long series of examples below :
Universal Entitlement creates a society where children add to the wealth of a household .
If the household has little wealth to begin with , children would be treated as income .
Without reproductive control to both fund entitlement and prevent unlimited births , resources would be depleted , taxpayers would rebel , and reactionary forces would lead us to barbarism .
* * *
Every additional child means at least $ 625 per month extra coming into the household .
Families without a source of income could use bearing children as a path to wealth .
This is not only an evolutionary catastrophe , but one that must inevitably lead to a collapse of society .
* * *
The result of the conflict between Children =Wealth vs. Children =Poverty is that educated , middle class families are having fewer children and the impoverished are having more , and that imbalance can only grow more acute .
* * *
It is a simple fact of human nature :
If having a child increases your wealth , some people will have as many children as they can .
It is argued that women do not want to return to the era where they were baby factories .
Women today are far more interested in a career and their own personal development .
But this attitude is in an age where Children = Poverty .
In an AFFEERCE society , it is precisely the women who do not have careers who will be enticed to increase their wealth in the easiest way they can .
* * *
However , if we forego reproductive control , like the pigeons , the population will grow exponentially .
And even if the economy is able to keep up , the limited resources of the earth will not .
* * *
Now the taxpayer is assured the privilege of paying for nutritious food for your child , and for the social worker who will make certain you are feeding your child properly .
But the social worker only comes twice a month , and you can feed the kids well on those days .
In the meantime , you can get 75 % on your link card for crack .
Now the kids are screaming because they ’re hungry , but it does n’t bother you .
You do n’t have a care in the world , feeling oh so nice on the taxpayer ’s dime .
You figure if you had enough kids , perhaps there would be enough to get high every day of the month , and still fool the social worker .
What can citizens do to stop this theft ?
Absolutely nothing !
Families can churn out babies , one after another .
There is no recourse ....
Graubart himself goes on — in quite head - scratching form — to apparently concede in passing that all this loaded ideological language is a mere “ diatribe , ” perhaps not to be taken as based on actual evidence or logical necessity .
But then he continues :
But the diatribe is important because it is an archetype of the truth .
It is a fear hidden not far below the surface in many of us .
And in other countries , the truth is even more apparent .
In India , there are children who will blind or dismember themselves to increase their chances of getting something to eat .
Um , so is it true , or is n't it ?
Since his argument for the stark choice between Reproductive Control and barbarism seems to hinge on it being actually true and not just a useful myth , I will analyze it on the assumption he actually means what he spent so much time saying .
First of all , his very model of a society in which households are polarized between comfortable , educated people who exercise restraint and uneducated , impoverished breeders desperate for the six hundred bucks each child would bring , presumes — as I 've already discussed at considerable length — a society much like our own in many respects .
But I think it 's much more likely a free society would be characterized by a more nearly even distribution of wealth .
Second , I 'm extremely skeptical that multi-generation families of welfare mothers having children simply for the measly amount of income support they bring from the state exist beyond the level of statistically insignificant anecdotes .
I think Graubart seriously underestimates just how much personal effort and equity is entailed in carrying a child to term for nine months and then spending years with a baby and toddler in the house .
And to the extent that there 's a grain of truth in it , it 's only true because 1 ) the state has manufactured an artificially large destitute underclass by forcibly shutting off access to opportunities for production and comfortable subsistence ; and 2 ) there are people living with the almost unimaginable levels of destitution that would make six hundred - odd bucks a month seem worth the incredible personal investment of pregnancy and motherhood .
To the extent that this phenomenon really does exist , it results not from the incentives of the welfare state ( as described in neoconservative lore by Marvin Olasky ) , but from the fact that northern cities were flooded by former black sharecroppers who'd been tractored off their land after WWII .
They were essentially in the same predicament as the Okies who'd fled to California half a generation earlier , only without even the availability of migrant farm labor to make a living .
In other words , it was n't the presence of the Great Society , but the absence of forty acres and a mule , that created welfare families .
Assuming a society in which Graubart 's Universal Entitlement is in place , and every person already alive is guaranteed shelter , groceries , clothing and healthcare far superior to what WISC or food stamps will afford today , the incentive to have children for welfare money ( to the extent that it actually exists to a significant degree outside fevered Tea Party imaginations ) would be far less than at present .
In short , the economic incentives that result in reduced birth rates in mature , prosperous societies would remain largely intact or even be strengthened .
Reproductive Control is not the only alternative to barbarism .
Conclusion .
For all my disagreements with this book , I do share one broad agreement with Graubart : the overall prosperity and happiness of a society in which subsistence no longer depends on one 's willingness to accept work on whatever degrading and exploitative terms it is offered , in which people are free to exercise their full creative faculties taking advantage of productive opportunities afforded through association with their family , friends , neighbors and equals , where the labor threshold for comfortable subsistence is low and leisure is plentiful , where everyone sits under their own fig tree and vine and none makes them afraid .
Despite accidentally bombing innocent civilians ...
Despite a third of the local surviving civilians fleeing and becoming refugees ...
Despite ending efforts to eradicate the local opium trade ...
And with the Afghan military proving , essentially , useless ...
Things are n't getting better in Marjah , Afghanistan .
That is , unless you 're the Taliban .
The New York Times has the grim news :
Just a few weeks since the start of the operation here , the Taliban have " reseized control and the momentum in a lot of ways " in northern Marja , Maj .
James Coffman , civil affairs leader for the Third Battalion , Sixth Marines , said in an interview in late March .
" We have to change tactics to get the locals back on our side . "
How that is to happen is anyone 's guess .
Having one 's region made the center of a devastating military conflict tends to sour one on the foreign power leading that military assault .
One tribal elder from northern Marja , who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of being killed , said in an interview on Saturday that the killing and intimidation continued to worsen .
So , what was accomplished , by devastating the region ?
The local problem points to the larger challenges ahead as American forces expand operations in the predominantly Pashtun south , where the Taliban draw most of their support and the government is deeply unpopular .
It 's hard to imagine why the government would be so unpopular .
Other than that election that was stolen .
Other than the endemic corruption that President Obama continues to warn Afghan " President " Karzai to end .
The same Karzai who so respects President Obama that not only does he not end the corruption , he effectively mocks the president 's regional goals .
In Marja , the Taliban are hardly a distinct militant group , and the Marines have collided with a Taliban identity so dominant that the movement appears more akin to the only political organization in a one - party town , with an influence that touches everyone .
Even the Marines admit to being somewhat flummoxed .
In other words , this is n't a war against some hated foreign foe .
Unless you 're a local , likely aligned with the Taliban , and that hated foreign foe is us .
We are the invaders .
The Taliban and the locals are indistinguishable .
They are largely identical .
Are we to try to kill them all ?
What , exactly , are we trying to accomplish ?
Other than death and devastation , both to the locals and to our troops , what are we accomplishing ?
Our allied Afghan soldiers accidentally killed , this time by our German allies .
That 's what .
The good news , though , is that the war is moving on .
To another Taliban stronghold .
Kandahar .
Which , you can be certain , will enjoy the same great success just visited on Marjah .
An estimated 10 to 20 percent of troops coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan are suffering from traumatic brain injuries , or TBIs , which afflict 1.7 million Americans each year .
Now the Pentagon 's rolling out a revolutionary initiative to treat the condition : brain implants that one researcher likens to " replacement parts " for damaged gray matter .
" When something happens to the brain right now , there 's so little that the medical community can do , " Krishna Shenoy , associate professor of electrical engineering and bioengineering at Stanford University , told Danger Room .
" Our goal is to understand – and then be able to change – how a brain responds to trauma . "
No surprise that military extreme science agency Darpa is behind the project , which is called REPAIR , or Reorganization and Plasticity to Accelerate Injury Recovery .
Yesterday , they announced an initial two - year round of $ 14.9 million in funding for four institutions , led by Stanford and Brown universities , that will collaborate on the brain - chip project .
All in , it 'll involve 10 professors and their research teams , working in neuroscience , psychiatry , brain modeling and even semiconductors .
Significant progress has already been made in understanding brain injury .
Scientists can create conceptual , mathematical models of brain activity , and are also able to record the electrical pulses emitted by individual neurons in the brain , which offers insight into how those neurons communicate .
That knowledge has spurred rapid progress in neural - assisted prosthetic devices , a program that Shenoy collaborated on with Geoffrey Ling , the same Darpa program manager behind REPAIR .
But what experts can't yet do , Shenoy said , is alter those electrical pulses to turn brain circuits on or off .
His team will use optogenetics , an emerging technique that involves emitting light pulses to precisely trigger neural activity , to develop an implanted TBI treatment device .
" Before this , emitting light into the brain would be like hitting it with a hammer , " Shenoy said .
" What we 're doing now is pin-pointing a single neuron , and that neuron will naturally change its activity depending on the cue . "
The implants developed by the project will likely be composed of electrodes or optical fibers , and will sit on the surface of the brain .
They 'll read electrical signals from neurons , and deliver appropriate light pulses to stimulate other brain regions in response .
The implants would allow the brain to operate normally , by acting as substitutes for areas that were damaged or " unavailable . "
First up for Shenoy and company are optogenetic tests on mice , rats and eventually monkeys , to better understand how different regions of the brain interact .
For example , how one area of the brain knows which signals to send to other parts .
Once they 've got that down , the researchers hope to develop chips that essentially mimic those interactions , so that an implant can " read a signal from region A , bypass damaged area B , and get that signal to C , " Shenoy said .
And while Darpa 's interested in ailing vets , the implants could have broad civilian application , including help for those who 've suffered a stroke or undergone surgery to remove a brain tumor .
If all goes according to plan , Shenoy expects implants for lab animals within four years .
Photo : National Science Foundation
See Also :
" Nothing in my life has been more magical than the moment I decided to come out , " she tells PEOPLE
Country singer Chely Wright ’s reasoning was sound .
“ There had never , ever been a country music artist who had acknowledged his or her homosexuality , ” she tells PEOPLE .
“ I was n’t going to be the first . ”
But now Wright is changing her tune .
“ Nothing in my life has been more magical than the moment I decided to come out , ” she says .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
Wright , 39 , recalls of her youth in the South : “ I do n’t have a memory in my life that does n’t include the dream of making music . ”
But during her childhood and rapid ascent to fame in the county world , she also experienced a community in which homosexuality was shunned .
“ I hid everything for my music , ” says Wright .
RELATED : Chely Wright : Life in the Closet Nearly Drove Me to Suicide
The singer - songwriter , who has won both an Academy of Country Music and a Country Music award , will later this week release her memoir , Like Me , as well as her first album in five years , Lifted off the Ground .
She ’ll also appear on the Today Show Wednesday to discuss her personal journey .
Academics pay a lot of attention to the quality of their writings .
It is generally a point of pride to publish flawless documents , and this is felt in scientific disciplines just as much as in literary ones .
If I told you how much time the members of a scientific experiment such as CDF at the Tevatron or CMS at CERN ( the ones I work in ) spend in the review of their articles before these are sent to the publishers , you would be startled .
Actually , let me just do it , since I promised it earlier this week
The thing works like this : you , alone or with a small group of researchers , produce a scientific analysis and write a draft detailing your result .
If you have gotten to that point , the analysis has already withstood close scrutiny as you presented it several times at the relevant internal " physics " meetings , receiving annoying questions all along .
Among the questions , 20 % were probably constructive , 30 % were meaningless , 40 % were pedantic , and a further 10 % were asked just to make you feel inferior .
But you got to the bottom of it , presented the analysis for pre-approval , gave a collaboration - wide approval talk , and feel happily accomplished .
Yet , you have not accomplished anything yet : the publish - or - perish rule dictates that you publish a written article , lest all your efforts will amount to nothing .
And publishing a written article is a whole different matter from converging to an approved result .
In fact , at this point , you have to get past a internal review committee of three peers .
These are called " godparents " at CDF - a benign name indicating people who try to help , or an ominous one alluding to mafia bosses , depending to how you perceive it ; in CMS they are called more neutrally " ARC " for " analysis review committee " .
The internal reviewers scrutinize both your result ( although it has already withstood extensive checks , while your godparents were on leave fishing ) and the text you produce .
On the latter , they advise on the quality of writing , they enforce certain conventions ( from important choices such as the mathematical notation , to less meaningful ones such as the use of the serial " Harvard " comma in lists of items , to masturbation - level ones concerning the color of lines in a plot ) .
Once they are ready , the paper is released for collaboration - wide review .
You would think that at this point - once your internal reviewers are happy - the article is close to being made public .
Wrong !
Any of the 600 ( CDF ) or 2500 ( CMS ) collaborators is now entitled to have a free shot at you , sending a detailed list of requested rewordings and corrections .
I have oftentimes received , or alas , sent , lists of comments much longer than the paper itself .
Authors need to answer each and every single comment received , and make sure that the paper is changed accordingly ; unless they oppose the offered change , in which case they need to explain the reason of their denial , convincing the internal reviewers that they are right and the offending comment is wrong .
After the first reading , a second draft incorporating the changes is approved by the internal reviewers and again sent around , and there again all the collaborators have a free shot .
More nasty comments and requests for corrections pour on you , a new iteration follows , a new placet by the internal reviewers is waited for .
At the end , the collaboration takes a live final reading of the whole article , where again everything may be rewritten .
Whether an improvement is made or not at this final stage , is a quite tough question .
Then , finally , the article is sent to the scientific magazine , where external reviewers will have a chance to further bother you .
But this last step feels like a caress after a slap in the face .
While the internal review may have lasted months , this last step is usually limited just by the speed at which the magazine finds reviewers and twists their arm into sending a positive judgement back .
Now , if you think that the above baroque , surreal , ridiculous procedure is crazy , you might be right .
But unfortunately if an academic is jealous of the quality of his or her writing , you well imagine how hard it is to get an agreement between a thousand or two of them .
So there is little else to do but follow the rules , if you want to publish .
I will not discuss further whether this procedure makes sense , but I wish to just point out here one of its striking positive qualities .
It is extremely democratic !
As a collaborator , you sometimes play the good guy - the one who tries to publish and gets all the heat - and sometimes play the reviewer , or the peer who sends nasty comments and corrections just for the sake of it .
And further , your comment as a PhD student may be worth just as much as that of a senior professor - nobody knows everybody else , so if they do not know you , they must take you seriously !
A different question , however , is whether the iter could be sped up .
We live in an age of competition : the old days when CDF was the only experiment capable of playing with 1800 - GeV collisions is long gone , and now DZERO competes with CDF .
ATLAS and CMS , on the other side of the Atlantic , are sharpening their knives in the attempt at being the first experiment to claim evidence for this or that new physics effect .
Can the procedure be made shorter ?
Of course , it can .
And I believe that all the experiments are working toward making their review procedures faster , while keeping the highest standards .
One final point I wish to make is the following : the time wasted in the internal reviews is huge .
I believe that the scientific output of any of the large collaborations I mentioned might increase by at least 20 % if the main authors of a scientific result were held responsible of their drafts , and collaboration - wide reviews were canceled .
But then , of course , you might be seeing your name appear on the first page of a publication using " centER - of - mass energy " instead than the British - kosher " centRE " .
The horror , the horror .
( Be sure to understand one thing : I am not blaming anybody nor anything in particular for the above baroque procedures , or for the annoying reviews .
I myself am a master - masturbator , since I have sat in internal review committees for over a dozen publications , significantly annoying a couple hundred people in the process ; what is more , I have been for the past two years a member of one special group in CDF , called " Spokespersons Publication Review Committee " which really looks for nuisances in each and every publication draft that CDF produces ; and in two years as a SPRG member , I have annoyed basically all the remaining colleagues within CDF .
But I am not catholic , so I may jolly well cast the first stone even if I am a big sinner ! )
Where do you want
to go on ETS ?
Search ETS ETS Home Page More Features Gear & Equipment Aviation Survival Marine Survival Urban Survival Doug's Kits Disaster Prep Commercial Kits Manufacturers Retail Suppliers Skills & Technique Survival For Kids Schools & Courses Publications Survival Links Survival Forum Interactive Fun Other Links Letters & Stuff About ETS ETS Foundation
Earthquake & Disaster
Preparedness Kits
I originally put this list together after the 1994 Northridge quake when my wife 's business partner at the time , who lived in the San Francisco Bay area , came to the realization that he was woefully unprepared in the event of a serious earthquake .
He did , in fact , assemble this kit , more or less as published here .
While these kits were designed for an earthquake senario , they are just about equally applicable to any widespread natural or man made disaster .
For earthquake preparedness , this equipment and these supplies should be stored in waterproof , or at the least , water resistant containers in a SECURE location on the property AWAY FROM THE HOUSE or any likely damage or loss from falling structures , if possible .
Use combination locks ( all with the same combination ) to secure supplies , keys can be lost .
Make sure all household members have the combination memorized .
For other natural disaster preparedness , the best location for storage may be in the basement , if you have one .
Where flooding is common , an attic storage area may be a better bet ( making sure you have rooftop access as well ) .
Keep the existence of these supplies a secret from all others .
Loose lips can result in stolen or pilfered supplies .
When you need them , they may not be there .
There 's More To Consider
Do n't forget your identification , money and critical important papers .
Take originals or store copies of : Driver Licenses , Social Security cards , Medications with Name and Dosage ( copy of prescription or label is best ) , Immunization cards for children , insurance documents , name and phone numbers of insurance agent (s ) and main offices of insurance carrier , family and friends out of area that you can depend upon in an emergency , names of lawyers ( to sue insurance companies ) , copies of deeds , titles and inventory list of belongings ( a video record could be useful ) , Spare Keys to house , cars , safety deposit box , etc. , Money ( no less than $ 100 , more is better ) including minimum 1 roll of quarters , Credit Cards or at least photocopies , at least two different nationwide top tier Phone Company Calling Cards .
While the focus here is primarily on the gear and supplies that might save your life in such a disaster , in an emergency situation where evacuation is a likely possibility there are also other considerations .
There 's your physical life that this gear and these supplies wile help preserve , and then there 's the rest , your emotional and fiscal life that is also critical .
Things like family photo albums , family heirlooms and mementoes , bills and other current fiscal records , etc . See " Do n't Forget The ... " article on ETS .
If you have a scanner and a CD burner , another strategy is to scan all critical papers and records and place them on a CD .
This CD can also be sent to another responsible party for safekeeping .
While it would be a good exercise for all of us to develop a check list ( with storage location ) of stuff to grab in a short - notice evacuation , it is especially important for those who live in areas where it is more likely to occur ( hurricanes , floods , high fire danger , etc. ) .
When the danger is very high , it may pay to have it packed and ready to go at a moment 's notice .
Primary Earthquake and Disaster Preparedness Kit Qty. Survival Equipment or Supplies EMERGENCY DEVICES GROUP 1 Fixed Blade Stainless Steel Hunting Knife , 4 in . to 6 in plain edge blade , w/ Sheath 1 Leatherman " Super - Tool " 1 Knife Sharpener 1 Fiskars " Super Snips " 1 Tree Saw for small limbs with spare blades if applicable 1 " Pocket ChainSaw " Survival Saw 1 Glock " Field Spade , " Gerber " Folding Shovel " or other folding / collapsing shovel 1 Crow Bar / Wrecking Bar 1 Hammer , claw type , fiberglass or steel handle , 14 or 16 oz .
1 Come - Along / Cable Puller / Power Puller ( 2000 lb./1 ton minimum dead lift , we used a 4000 lb./2 ton unit in this kit ) 1 Bright Waterproof LED Flashlight 4 Spare Alkaline or Lithium Batteries for Flashlight * 1 Red Flashlight Wand 8 " Cyalume " or " Snap - Light " Chemical Lightsticks , 12 hr. or electronic equivalents such as " Krill Lights " * 1 Butane Fueled Lighter * 50 Windproof / Waterproof Matches 1 Firestarter Kit w/ Tinder SHELTER GROUP 1/person Sleeping Bag ( as appropriate for climate ) 1 / person Sleeping Pads , foam or inflatable 1 3 or 4 Season ( as appropriate for climate ) Dome / Family Style Tent , sized to hold number in group + 1 to allow for plenty of storage space 1 Ground Cloth for tent 2 + Plastic Ripstop Tarps , minimum 12 x 12 ft. ( multi- functional , you can't have too many ) Optional 1 / person Camp Stool / Chair PERSONAL PROTECTION GROUP 1pr./ person Leather Work Gloves 1 / person Hard Hat 1 / person Safety Goggles 20 / person Premium Dust / Mist Respirators , disposable 2 / person Bandanna or Cravat 1 / person Heavy Duty Poncho 2 / person Complete Changes of Outdoors / Work Clothing appropriate to climate including for each person : Sturdy Belt
Sturdy Pair of Work Boots ( already broken in )
Jacket
Other items of clothing appropriate to the climate such as Coat , Insulated Gloves , Hat , etc .
( You may not have time to dress and may also need additional spare Underwear , Changes of Clothes , Special Clothing Items etc. ) MEDICAL GROUP 1 Well Equipped Medical / First Aid Kit supplemented w/ extra supplies , bandages , and prescription drugs *
The following quantities include those in the medical kit 1 " SAM Splint " emergency splint 6 Trauma Dressings 8 Gauze Compress 4 Triangular Bandage 2 Elastic Bandage , 3 " 1 Elastic Bandage , 4 " 1 Elastic Bandage , 6 " 50 Latex or Nitrile Surgical Gloves ( Note that many people are allergic to latex ) 1 Emergency Medical Guide Optional 1 Emergency Burn Kit WATER and FOOD GROUP 5 - 10 gal./ person
Water in sturdy containers w/ screw on caps * 1 Water Filter ( w/ spare cartridges if appropriate ) 1 Water Treatment sufficient to treat 150 qts. 7 day
supply Military MRE Rations , Emergency Food Packs or Survival Rations * , per person ( or equal long storage life foods , such as canned goods or retort pouches ) 14 / person Drink Mix * 14 / person Instant Coffee / Tea bags / what have you *
1 Box Sugar Cubes 1 sealed Salt container 1 sealed Pepper container - Other spices as desired 1 Stainless Steel Cooking and Serving Set ( pots & pans w/ plates , cups , utensils of qty .
for size of group , you may use disposable serving items if desired ) 1 Small Grill or Backpacking Grill 1 Multi- fuel
Stove capable of burning unleaded auto gas
Alternative : Butane Fueled Stove 1 Stove Maintenance Kit 1 - 3 gal .
Fuel for stove in sealed container *
PERSONAL SUPPLIES GROUP 1 Portable Toilet and supplies for size of group 1 - 2 / person roll Toilet Paper 1 Bar Anti-bacterial Soap in Soap Container 1 qt. Liquid Hand Sanitizer 50 + Packaged Clean - up Wipes * 1 Tube Toothpaste* 1 / person Toothbrush 1 Comb and / or Hair Brush 1 Mirror 1 / person Wash Cloth 1 / person Small / Medium Towel
For each person as needed - Spare Prescription Glasses / Contact Lenses - Contact Lens Storage / Cleaning Kits* - 4 week supply Personal Prescription Medicines * - 2 week supply Multi-vitamins *
For each women who menstruates - adequate supply of Tampons or Sanitary Napkins / Pads and Medications MISCELLANEOUS / MULTI - PURPOSE GROUP - Copies of important papers , including insurance policies , name and phone numbers of insurance agent (s ) and main offices of insurance carrier , family and friends out of area that you can depend upon in an emergency , names of lawyers ( to sue insurance companies ) , copies of deeds , titles and inventory list of belongings ( a video record could be extremely useful and can also be stroed offsite ) .
- Spare Keys to house , cars , safety deposit box , etc. - Money ( no less than $ 100 , more is better ) including minimum 1 roll of quarters - Spare or duplicate Credit Cards including at least two different Phone Company Calling Cards 1 Solar / Battery / Hand Crank Powered AM / FM Radio w/ spare batteries 4 2.5 or 3 gallon Water Carriers ( Can be collapsible , but they are harder to carry .
5 gallon containers are too heavy .
Water can be stored in the containers , but should be treated to prevent deterioration ) 1 Insulated Cooler ( 48 - 54 quart capacity ) ( Can be used to store waterproof supplies ) 1 Sturdy hand cart , preferably with two or four large diameter wheels ( a traditional wheelbarrow is not a good choice ) 1 Fuel Siphon Hose 1 or 2 2.5 gallon Gasoline Rated Fuel Container ( If filled with fuel , must add gasoline stabilizer and change as required ) 2 100 ft. 550 lb test mil - spec .
Parachute Cord 1 50 ft. 3/8 " to 1/2 " Nylon Utility / Climbing Rope ( not poly ) 1 roll .032 Stainless Safety
Wire 100 standard / medium size Cable Ties ( Panduit or equal ) 50 large size Cable Ties ( Panduit or equal ) 50 extra large size Cable Ties ( Panduit or equal ) 1 roll Premium Industrial Grade Duct Tape 1 roll 3 M brand " 33 + " Electrical Tape 1 WD - 40 , LPS 1 or CRC 3 - 36 Lubricant / Moisture Displacer , large aerosol can* 1 Comprehensive Sewing Kit w/ HD threads and needles , buttons , safety pins of various sizes , etc. ( more than a typical " travel kit " ) 1 Large box Heavy Duty ( not regular ) Aluminum Foil 2 Sponge , 3 " x 5 " 1 medium bottle Dishwashing Soap 2 Dish Towels 10 Zipper Lock Plastic Freezer Bags , jumbo 25 Zipper Lock Plastic Freezer Bags , gallon 25 Zipper Lock Plastic Freezer Bags , quart 30 HD Garbage Bags , 30 + gallons 1 4x6 in .
Rite in the Rain " Hip Pocket " Notebook w/ waterproof paper 1 Fisher " Space - Tec " Pen or Rite in the Rain " Waterproof " Pen and / or 2 # 2 Pencils 4 Jumbo Permanent Ink Marker - black * and / or 1 qt. Gloss Black Paint w/ small brushes * and / or 2 cans Gloss Black or Day - Glo Orange Spray Paint . * 1 roll ( 1000 ft. ) " Danger Do Not Enter " Barricade Tape - plastic covered Playing Cards , travel size Chess / Scrabble / etc. - Frisbee , throwing ball , etc. 1 Contents List 1 Survival Manual TRANSPORTATION
- Mountain Bike(s ) with saddles bags or racks to carry supplies .
( plus spare tubes and tire repair tools and supplies ) - Sports Utility Vehicle or Truck ( should be parked where least likely to be damaged by collapsing buildings , falling trees , or fire ) w/ aux .
gas tanks ( kept full ) .
A moderate size , small engine / higher fuel economy model is best .
EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES
TO BE KEPT IN THE HOUSE At Gas Meter ( turn off gas first , then water service ) - Gas Cock Wrench ( can be Non-sparking Emergency Multi- Tool below ) -
Tool to access and turn off water service to the property ( will depend on valve style , Multi- Tool below may suffice )
At Each Bedside 1
Flashlight w/ fresh batteries or plug - in rechargeable style within reach while still in bed * 1 Crowbar or Wrecking Bar 1 pr. Leather Work Gloves 1 pr. Quick donning Shoes or Boots or , at a minimum , hard soled slippers 1 Robe , minimum - Work Clothes in an easy to grab bag would be best , to put on after safely exiting the residence ADDITIONAL OPTIONAL EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES - Spiritual Resource ( Bible , Koran , etc. ) 1 Non-sparking Emergency Multi-Tool ( turns off gas cocks and has other uses ) 1 Selection of nails , machine , wood or drywall screws , wire nuts , nuts and bolts 1 Bolt Cutters 1 Manual Rotary Can Opener 1 Portable C.B. Radio w/ batteries ** and auto power adapter and / or 1 Cellular Phone with auto power adapter and additonal source for charging batteries and / or 1 Satellite Phone with auto power adapter and additonal source for charging batteries 1 Alarm Clock / Alarm Wrist Watch 1 12 ga .
Shotgun - stainless steel w/ composite stock w/ min. 1 box of 00 shells *
Do not include any firearm unless you have received proper firearm and defensive weapons training .
Be extremely cautious about including any firearms if there are children in the group who have not received firearm safety training .
1 Camping Lantern w/ fuel 1 / person Large capacity Backpack ( children too , except infants and toddlers ) 1 Tool Kit in tool roll , bag , case or box , Craftsman or better quality , recommended minimum contents :
1 - Set Asst. Screwdrivers , Straight Tip and Phillips
1 - Slip Joint Pliers - 7 " or 8 "
1 - Channel Lock Pliers - 9 "
1 - Wire Cutters / Dykes - 6 " or 7 "
1 - Needle Nose Pliers - 6 "
1 - Lineman's Pliers - 7 " or 8 "
1 - Combination Open & Box End Wrench Set , 1/4 " - 13/16 " or 1 "
1 - Pipe Wrench - 9 " or 10 "
1 - Pipe Wrench - 12 "
1 - Adjustable Wrench - 6 "
1 - Adjustable Wrench - 9 "
1 - Adjustable Wrench - 12 "
1 - Vise - Grip Pliers - medium
1 - Vise - Grip Pliers - standard
1 - Hacksaw frame and 10 bi-metal blades
1 - Utility Knife w/ min. 50 spare blades
1 - Pipe Cutter
1 roll Teflon Tape Optional 3/8 in. drive Socket Set , 1/4 " - 13/16 " or 1 "
Hex Key Wrench Set
Set Punch and Chisels 1 Electrical Generator , 2500 to 6000 watts , recoil start w/ minimum 1 week 's Fuel ( at 12 hours / day ) and Oil as required and maintenance kit 2 100 ft. 12 ga. three wire All Temp HD Industrial Grade Extension Cord 2 50 ft. 14 ga. three wire All Temp HD Industrial Grade Extension Cord 4 2 ft. 12ga. 3 wire Industrial 3 Outlet Power Center ( or get above cords with built - in 3 outlet power center ) or ( for additional protection , but at much greater cost ) 4 Short Cord , 4 Outlet Portable Ground Fault Interrupter
FOR AREAS WITH BUG PROBLEMS LIKELY 1 / person Mosquito Head Net 1 / person Mosquito Netting to cover sleeping area 1 / person large bottle Insect Repellant FOR THOSE WITH INFANTS - FOR EACH INFANT - Clothing and Sleeping Apparel as appropriate - Baby Blanket - Stuffed Animal , Toys and Games - Baby Carrier , if appropriate Provide a 14 day supply of the following : - Pediatric Medicines and Medical Supplies as appropriate - Special foods as appropriate w/ bottles , bottle brush , etc. if needed .
( if canned , insure can opener available ) ( NOTE :
If nursing , mother 's milk supply may be affected by shock of crisis , injuries or even death and cannot be relied upon ) - Disposable Diapers , etc. as appropriate - Disposable Cleansing Cloths ( " Wet Ones , " etc ) FOR THOSE WITH PETS - Bowls for food and water - Leash , Chain , Folding Cage , etc. to maintain control .
For each pet , provide a 7 day supply of the following - Pet Medicines and Medical Supplies as appropriate - Pet Food ( if canned , insure can opener available ) FOR THOSE LIVING WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF , OR IN CLOSE PROXIMITY TO THE SEA 1 Manually Operated Reverse Osmosis Desalinator ( this device turns salt water into fresh water - not to be used as a fresh water filter / purifier ) FOR AREAS WITH TREES OF SIGNIFICANT SIZE AND ABUNDANCE 1 Gas Powered Chain Saw , minimum 16 inch , 18 - 20 inch preferred , w/ 2.5 - 5 gal .
Fuel * and Oil as required , chain saw sharpener file w/ guide , spare chain , maintenance kit and safety gear EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES TO BE STORED IN HOME FOR REPAIRS , IF HOUSE IS STRUCTURALLY SOUND , BUT IS NO LONGER WEATHERTIGHT - HD
Plastic sheet sufficient to cover all windows and roof plus 50 % extra - Additional rolls HD Plastic as desired - Wood Lath sufficient to go around all windows and roof edges plus 25 % extra ( if frame construction ) - HD Staples and Stapler or Nails for securing lath
or
adequate quantity of Duct Tape for securing plastic to window frame if masonry or stucco building 1 Cross Cut Hand Saw ( Stanley brand " Short Cut " saw recommended ) 1 Measuring Tape , 20 ft. 1 HD Shovel w/ Fiberglass handle 1 6 - 8 ft. Step Ladder 1 Extension Ladder ( tall enough to reach highest point on house ) or 1 Multi-Position / Function Folding Ladder capable of both uses above * Limited useful life .
All medications and many medical supplies also have a limited useful life .
Keep track of expiration dates and replace as required .
Automobile Disaster Preparedness Kit NOTE : Adjust quantities to suit vehicle capacity .
Based on potential three day stay away from primary emergency supply , arrival at safe haven or arrival of organized assistance .
Qty. Survival Equipment or Supplies EMERGENCY DEVICES GROUP 1 Crow Bar or Wrecking Bar - Within reach of driver !*
NOTE : Apparently there are places that consider a tool such as this hidden in a car to be prima fascia evidence that you are a burgler or if within reach , that it is a concealed weapon .
If that is the case , an alternative would be a Window Punch ( a spring - loaded center punch ) or a tool such as the RES - Q - ME or Life Hammer or similar tool that incorporate the means to break a car side or rear window and cut a seat belt .
Note that another reason for having the Wrecking Bar is to allow you to break into your own trunk or a structure to get to equipment , supplies or trapped persons .
1 Fixed Blade Stainless Steel Hunting Knife , 4 " to 6 " plain edge blade , w/ Sheath 1 Leatherman " Super - Tool " or equivalent heavy durty multi-tool 1 Knife Sharpener 1 Glock " Field Spade , " Gerber " Folding Shovel " or other folding / collapsing shovel 1 Bright Waterproof LED Flashlight 4 Spare Alkaline or Lithium Batteries for Flashlight * 3 " Cyalume " or " Snap - Light " Chemical Lightsticks , 12 hr . or electronic equivalents such as " Krill Lights " * 1 Butane Fueled Lighter 25 Windproof / Waterproof Matches SHELTER GROUP 1/person Heavy Duty Poncho 1 / person Sportsman 's Emergency Blanket or Thermal Blanket 1 10 x 10 ( minimum size ) lightweight tarp .
MEDICAL GROUP 1 Well Equipped Medical / First Aid Kit supplemented w/ extra supplies , bandages , and prescription drugs *
The following quantities include those in the medical kit 1 " SAM Splint " emergency splint 4 Trauma Dressing or equal 4 Gauze Compress 1 Elastic Bandage , 3 " 2 Triangular Bandage 8 pr. Latex Surgical Gloves WATER and FOOD GROUP 1+ gallon(s )
per person
Water in sturdy containers w/ screw on caps * - Water Disinfectant
Tabs to treat 24 quarts of water / person - 1,200 Kcal / day Survival Rations / per person * - Misc. foodstuffs , hard candy , gum , etc. PERSONAL PROTECTION GROUP 1 roll Toilet Paper 1 Hand Sanitizer , large bottle * 25 Packaged Wipes * 1 pr./ person Leather Work Gloves 1 / person Hard Hats 1 / person Safety Goggles 10 / person Premium Dust / Mist Respirators , disposable 1 / person Bandanna or Cravat 1 Sturdy Backpack (s ) to hold all the items in this kit 1 Change Outdoors / Work Clothing appropriate to climate , for each person 3 day
supply Tampons or Sanitary Napkins / Pads , for each women who menstruates
« Prev. ETS Home Page Search ETS More Features Gear & Equipment Aviation Survival Marine Survival Urban Survival Doug's Kits Disaster Prep Commercial Kits Manufacturers Retail Suppliers Skills & Technique Survival For Kids Schools & Courses Publications Survival Links Survival Forum Interactive Fun Other Links Letters & Stuff About ETS ETS Foundation Next »
SELECT AND USE OUTDOORS AND SURVIVAL EQUIPMENT , SUPPLIES AND TECHNIQUES AT YOUR OWN RISK .
Please review the full WARNING & DISCLAIMER about information on this site .
Publisher and Editor : Doug Ritter
Email : Doug Ritter
URL : http://www.equipped.org/earthqk.htm
Revision : 025 September 20 , 2005
Email to : info@pulvertech.com
8.06 am :
After the severe winter weather and the BA strikes , the UK is becoming fairly accustomed to flights being cancelled .
However not even the most cynical of travellers could have predicted that planes would be grounded today due to a volcanic eruption in Iceland .
Having lain dormant for almost 200 years until last month , the volcano beneath the Eyjafjallajokull glacier , 120 km east of Reykjavik , erupted spectacularly yesterday .
Airports are closed and flights cancelled across the UK , with the National Air Traffic Service warning the volcanic ash poses a " significant safety threat to aircraft " .
8.22 am :
In addition to Aberdeen , Edinburgh and Glasgow airports being closed flights from across the UK have been affected .
Here 's a round up :
Heathrow airport has cancelled 161 flights due to the volcano .
A spokeswoman just confirmed 83 arrivals and 78 departures will not travel today , and warned the number of cancellations " is expected to grow " .
" Earlier on it was predominantly domestic flights , " she said .
" But now it is affecting a wide range of destinations as the volcano continues to erupt and the ash moves further south . "
Over 100 flights to and from Gatwick have been cancelled , while a spokesman for Stansted Airport said 17 scheduled departures were cancelled and the number was likely to rise throughout the day .
Meanwhile Birmingham International Airport has cancelled around 70 flights , and a spokeswoman for Luton airport has warned " flights will be severely disrupted today . "
Some flights have also been cancelled at East Midlands and Exeter airports .
8.28 am :
The Guardian 's Scotland correspondent , Severin Carrell , has this :
" All flights to and from every Scottish airport , including lifeline
services to Scottish islands , have been grounded by national air
traffic control services , leading to the cancellation of 250 flights .
The restrictions affect all domestic flights from UK airports to Scottish airports .
The only services which could still fly are military and coastguard search and rescue flights , by helicopters which normally fly at low level .
Every airport in the UK is expected to be affected as the ash cloud begins spreading south - eastwards .
The BBC Scotland is reporting that Glasgow airport is quiet , with many air travellers hearing messages to stay at home .
The Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , Vince Cable , has been forced to cancel an election campaign visit to Dunfermline and Edinburgh this morning .
From PA : The Aeronautical Rescue Coordination Centre ( ARCC ) at RAF Kinloss , which oversees search and rescue operations across Scotland , is co-ordinating the transfer of a patient from east Scotland to London by Royal Navy Sea King .
It would not normally send a helicopter from Scotland so far south but due to the air traffic control ( ATC ) restrictions caused by the volcanic ash there were no civilian aircraft or military fixed wings options available .
The call came in at 3.13 am and the patient was taken by ambulance from Dunfermline to a Royal Navy Sea King helicopter from HMS Gannet at Prestwick .
From there the patient will be flown to Regent 's Park where the ambulance will meet them and take the patient to University College Hospital .
An RAF spokesman said : " If we had not taken this patient by helicopter then the only other option was a road ambulance . "
Photo from Benzo.is
8.58 am :
Some amazing pictures emerging from Iceland of the volcano .
A Flickr group has been set up , with images showing the lava spewing from the glacier , melting ice and sending steam and ash into the air .
Thanks for Benzo .is for this snap .
Mark Duff has emailed saying Ryanair have cancelled all flights to and from the UK today .
An update on the airline 's website confirms it :
" Ryanair confirms that no further Ryanair flights will operate to or from the UK today ( Thursday 15th April ' 10 ) from 09:00 .
Air space closures are likely in other Northern European countries .
Cancellations and delays may also be expected tomorrow .
Flight cancellations will be updated below . "
9.06 am :
I 've just spoken to National Air Traffic Services , which controls the UK airspace and has the power to prevent airlines from flying .
A spokesman said it visibility was not the problem , rather the damage it could cause aeroplanes .
" It is the affect it would have on the aircraft engines .
It 's a very abrasive substance and essentially it clogs the air intakes and eventually shuts them down . "
9.11 am :
More from Severin Carrell on the effect of the volcano on the general election campaign ( I did n't think I 'd be writing that when I woke up this morning ) :
The cancellation of flights has now had a severe impact on election campaigning in Scotland , for Labour , the Lib Dems and the Tories , with all the main parties hurriedly trying to rearrange high profile visits from senior figures flying up from London .
After the Lib Dems confirmed that a visit by Treasury spokesman Vince Cable to Edinburgh and Dunfermline had been scrapped , the defence secretary Bob Ainsworth had to cancel a visit to Rosyth dockyard to campaign for Labour 's candidate and the Tories abandoned Ken Clarke 's trip to the Borders .
The Tories are still hoping Clarke will visit other parts of Scotland later today and are searching for alternative travel plans , but admit it will be difficult .
" We 're trying to fire up the Quattro , " said one official , referring to the 80s cop drama character Gene Hunt in Ashes to Ashes .
The fictional detective featured in the Labour campaign poster which backfired spectacularly earlier this month when Labour tried to portray Tory leader David Cameron as the homophobic , sexist Hunt , failing to realise he was a hugely popular anti-hero .
The growing disruption is also likely to force the Lib Dems to cancel tomorrow 's plans to launch their Scottish general election manifesto in Shetland , the islands constituency of party leader Tavish Scott , who is also heavily dependent on air services .
9.14 am :
ALL FLIGHTS IN AND OUT OF HEATHROW AND STANSTED SUSPENDED FROM 12.00 PM
Just received the following email from a BAA spokesperson :
" Due to airspace restrictions , in accordance with international regulations as a result of the on - going volcanic activity in Iceland , we anticipate that all flights in and out of Heathrow and Stansted airports will be suspended from 1200 today .
Therefore , we strongly advise passengers intending to fly from this time not to travel to the airport today .
We will provide further updates as we get more information from air traffic control provider NATS .
9.21 am :
Sky News is covering the disruption live from various locations .
This video , showing an interjection from a man wearing a hooded - top bearing the legend " Hooters " , is from Edinburgh airport .
The Sky reporter handles it impeccably .
9.44 am :
@malacara quite rightly corrects me for claiming the image below and the Flickr group I linked to are from the Eyjafjallajokull glacier .
" Umm , actually , that flickr group just shows photos of the earlier eruption in Fimmvörðuháls , which was quite " touristy " .
This one is not this pretty and photographers can't get anywhere close to it to take snapshots . "
Malacra has kindly posted a spectacular photo that is from the recent eruption , as well as an equally impressive video , which will follow .
Just to recap , the cancellation of all flights from Heathrow and Stansted will cause disruption to tens of thousands of people .
Heathrow alone operates 1,300 flights in and out of its five terminals a day .
" There is going to be significant disruption , particularly in the peak periods later on , " said a spokesman .
Stansted operates 400 to 450 flights to and from the airport each day .
A spokesman said it was hard to say how many would be affected .
" Fortunately we have got past our busiest departure period , " he said .
" But this has the potential to affect flights tomorrow and beyond , depending on how long the restrictions are in place . "
Not even the Great Britain Ice Hockey Supporters Club are safe from flight disruption , the Press Association reports .
Around 50 members of the club , heading for the world championships in Slovenia are stranded at Stansted .
The club 's merchandising secretary , Gordon McQuade , of High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , said a party of supporters had been due to fly out this morning .
" The championships are taking place in Ljubljana but we are actually flying to Trieste because ironically Ljubljana airport is closed because the runway is being resurfaced .
" We were due to fly out with Ryanair this morning .
All we have been told is that the flight is cancelled and we are just waiting to hear what is going to happen . "
10.00 am :
The volcano has caused disruption across northern Europe , with all air traffic in northern Sweden suspended , affecting the cities of Skelleftea , Lulea , Kiruna and Hemavan , according to the national aviation authority .
Air traffic in northern Finland was also halted .
In Norway , King Harald V and Queen Sonja , who had planned to fly to Copenhagen for the Danish queen 's 70th birthday , were faced with travelling by " car , boat or train " after the Norwegian airport operator Avinor said it was closing all commercial airspace , royal family spokesman Sven Gjeruldsen said .
A canceled trans -Atlantic flight left Norway 's Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg grounded in New York , where he had been meeting with Norwegian businessmen .
In Ireland 's Ryanair has cancelled all of its flights in and out of Britain through today , but said it would try to operate some flights out of southern Ireland .
The national carrier , Aer Lingus , canceled at least 40 flights in or out of Dublin , Cork , Shannon and Belfast .
10.19 am :
News breaking from Associated Press : " Civil aviation officials say no flights allowed in British airspace from 1100 GMT due to ash . "
( Heathrow and Stansted had already said they would cancel flights from this time , but this news that no flights will be allowed in beyond 12 pm ( BST ) is fresh .
I 'll try and get clarification on this shortly .
Meanwhile Jill Insley , head of the Guardian 's consumer team , was at Gatwick this morning and spoke to some passengers whose flights have been cancelled .
I spoke to a couple , Johann and Carrie Sikora , from near Ashford in Kent who were due to be flying to Verona at 12 pm , for the wedding of two friends .
Carrie is the bride 's bridesmaid , and Johann is the best friend of the groom .
They 've been told they wo n't be able to get out there today , and that there 'll be no flights tomorrow .
With the wedding due to take place tomorrow afternoon , they 're desperately trying to get the train to Verona instead .
" Its not really sunk in yet , but I 'm gutted , " said Johann , however he was quite prosaic on the reasons for the cancellation .
" If we 'd missed the flight because of the traffic I 'd have been have been disappointed , but this morning when I turned the TV on I could n't believe my eyes . "
Carrie was on the phone to the bride , who said her close family were in Verona , and two friends , but the rest of wedding party , including all the groom 's family , were stuck in Britain .
10.37am :
Reader
Tim emails in : " My son Sam ( aged 8 ) wants to know all the science stuff , not the travel stuff - he's not interested in flight cancellations ( and rightly so ) .
So on behalf of Sam , can anyone tell me what VEI of the eruption is ??? ? "
Seeing as you put four question marks , I thought I should oblige .
My colleague James Meikle received the following this morning from the Science Media Centre .
Dr. Thor Thordarson , Volcanologist , University of Edinburgh , said :
" Since the New Year , unrest in the form of seismic activity and inflation has intensified beneath the Eyjafjoll volcano in South Iceland and eruption (s ) has been expected .
The 20.03.2010 - 12.04.2010 event was a small basaltic fissure eruption on the lower east flanks of the Eyjafjoll volcano , whereas the one that began this morning emerged from fissures ( vents ) within the summit crater and extended just outside its southern rim . "
Dr Dave McGarvie , Volcanologist , The Open University , said :
" This was n't unexpected because the eruption that took place last month between two ice caps has diverted off to the east and erupted again at the current site .
It is essentially the same eruption which has found a new pathway to the surface .
The eruption this time is coming through 150 metres of ice , melting it and pouring water down to the north – the rivers will be carrying as much water as they would in the peak of a Spring melt .
" The eruption can now develop in three ways :
• It will melt ice , go on for a time and then die out , and nothing more will happen .
• It will stimulate a larger eruption which will release a new batch of magma – this has happened in the past and is the worst case scenario .
In this instance , the resulting ash cloud would disrupt international travel with flight paths being diverted .
• It stimulates lava flow to come out which will melt a canyon in the ice to low lying regions .
This previously happened in the ninth century . "
10.50 am :
Denmark 's air space will close from 4 pm GMT , according to Danish aviation officials .
Meanwhile , the National Air Traffic Service has said the UK 's airspace will be closed for 6 hours this afternoon .
" From midday today until at least 6 pm , there will be no flights permitted in UK controlled airspace other than emergency situations , " a spokesman said .
" This has been applied in accordance with international civil aviation policy .
" We continue to monitor the situation with the Met Office and work closely with airline customers and adjoining countries . "
11.16am :
This video is from Eumetsat , which monitors weather and climate from space .
You can see the volcanic ash drifting ominously over to the UK .
My colleague Lee Glendinning has emailed to point out that the Guardian ran a piece last week on volcano tourism , which was timely .
Meanwhile the intrepid David Munk , who travelled to Mount Yasur , a 350 m high volcano on the island of Tanna , in the South Pacific in 2008 , has some advice :
I was told by my guide on the rim of the crater that when a big explosion happened look up in the air .
If a piece of lava appears to be moving it wo n't hit you .
If it appears to be floating in the air then its coming straight at you so start running .
Not suggesting that lava will rain on London - but you never know when tips like that can come in handy .
Here 's David 's video of Yasur erupting .
11.22 am :
The seriousness of the situation has been brought sharply into focus by Conservative party leader David Cameron , who has fearlessly condemned the volcanic ash as it threatens to descend upon these fair British Isles .
Cameron , on the election campaign trail in Halifax , said it was a " very worrying " situation .
" It is very worrying news .
Our first thoughts must be with the emergency services who will have lot of work to do , and with all those who were planning to travel for work or holidays who have been grounded or delayed and whose arrangements have been thrown into such a difficult situation .
It does look a very worrying and difficult situation and obviously we have got to do everything we can to ease the burden on people . "
11.40 am :
Valur Gunnarsson , a reporter in Reykjavic , has been telling us about the situation on the ground .
We heard last night that all flights had been cancelled to northern Norway but this is the first I 've heard about the effects on the UK .
Over here , a big concern is flooding - the volcano is in the middle of a glacier .
Seven hundred people were evacuated last night .
The volcano has chunks of glacier to fall off and the flooding has caused infrastructure damage costing some 100 m kronor .
The other big fear is that of a chain reaction with an eruption at another volcano called Katla .
Lots of people went to look at the eruption and some people got stuck and had to be rescued .
The Norwegian ambassador had to be rescued as our finance minister who had to be taken out by helicopter .
11.50 am :
Met office projections of the plume of Ash rising from the Eyjafjallajokull volcano , Iceland .
Click image for full graphic .
( Clockwise ) 0600 GMT , 1200 GMT , Midnight , 1800 GMT
Image from the Met Office predicting the spread of ash through today .
Top left : how the ash cloud was at 0600 on 2010 /04/15 ( today )
Top right : at 1200
Bottom left : at 1800
Bottom right : at midnight tonight .
There 's more on the Met Office 's website on how volcanic ash forecasting works .
12.08 pm :
Aircraft traffic as of 12 pm ( BST ) - from Flightradar24.com Photograph : www.flightradar24.com/guardian.co.uk
Picture from Flightradar24.com , where you can watch live aircraft traffic in Europe .
The image shows the last few flights departing / arriving in southern England .
There 's more information on the picture below on Simon Rogers Datablog .
Simon 's also pointed out that " volcanos are erupting all over the world , all the time " .
He 's put a link to the Global Volcanism Program , which compiles a rolling tally of volcanic activity across the globe .
12.13 pm :
Hilary Osborne , editor of guardian .
co.uk 's money site , has very kindly sent some advice on what to do if your flight is cancelled .
If your flight is cancelled then your airline should offer you a choice : you can either cancel your booking and get a refund , or rebook on a new flight .
If it 's part of a package deal , and the alternative flight the airline offers will make a big difference to your holiday , you should be entitled to cancel the whole deal and get a refund .
However , if you have booked only a flight and its cancellation will mean you lose money you have spent on accommodation or transport arranged at your destination , your airline is not obliged to refund you .
You will have to check your travel insurance to find out if you can make a claim .
A spokeswoman for RBS says customers with insurance bought through Direct Line , Churchill and RBS will be covered , but they should contact their airline , travel company or hotel firm first to see if they are making alternative arrangements .
12.30 pm :
I 've had a couple of emails asking if the ash poses a health risk , and my colleague James Meikle has been investigating .
The Health Protection Agency says the plume " is not a significant risk to public health because it is at high altitude " .
" The HPA will continue to monitor the plume 's movement although is not expected to touch ground over the UK in the near future .
Even if the plume does drop towards the ground the concentrations of particles at ground level are not likely to cause significant effects on health .
Rainfall over the UK could cause a small amount of the ash to be deposited over the country but quantities are expected to be too small to cause health effects . "
Asthma UK has seconded this , stressing that while volcanic ash " can trigger asthma symptoms in people with asthma , " at the moment it is too high to pose a problem .
" We advise people with asthma to monitor the news closely and ensure they keep their reliever inhaler on them at all times , " said Cher Piddock from Asthma UK .
" If people are concerned about their condition , they can speak to an asthma nurse specialist on our Adviceline , on 0800 121 62 44 , " she added .
Prof Ken Donaldson , professor of respiratory toxicology , University of Edinburgh , has also moved to allay health concerns .
" Volcanic ash is on the whole not a very harmful material and the ash is currently more than 10 km up in the stratosphere , where aeroplanes fly .
It will eventually dissipate by dilution in the huge air mass in the stratosphere .
The risk to members of the UK public and the population of the world generally from these ash exposures is negligible .
Even people who are in the plume of volcanoes where the ash comes to earth and they wade through it like snow , show very little adverse health effects . "
12.36 pm :
More from Valur Gunnarsson , reporter on the ground in Reykjavic , on the flood the volcano caused yesterday :
Up to 800 people had to be evacuated from around the Eyjafjallajokull volcano in southern Iceland .
The eruption comes from within a glacier and as this has melted , flooding has occurred in the surrounding area .
Around one fifth of the ice in the crater is thought to have melted , so further flooding is expected as more ice turns to water .
The flood headed in the direction of Highway 1 , the ringroad which surrounds the island .
The walls that were in place to protect the road have been damaged , but have largely held up .
A newly built bridge was thought to be in danger , and so a construction crew working on a nearby harbour was ordered into action .
The construction men dug holes in the highway in four different places , thereby affecting the direction of the flood .
" The guy on the Caterpillar really earned his pay , " said Minister of Finance Steingrimur Sigfusson to Frettabladid newspaper while taking a break from the ongoing banking crisis yesterday to witness the events .
12.54 pm :
I 've just spoken to a Met Office spokesman regarding the likelihood of flights resuming today .
He said he would " expect flights to be cancelled tomorrow " .
" It is mainly to do with the eruption and how long it is going to be expelling the dust and ash , " he said .
The National Air Traffic Service has suspended flights in and out of UK airspace from 12 pm until 6 pm , but the Met Office spokesman said " flights will probably be suspended for longer " .
" The dust cloud will be above us through today and through tomorrow , and potentially into the weekend , " he said .
" It depends on how much dust and ash has come from the eruption .
" But I definitely expect flights to be cancelled tomorrow . "
Her added : " The only thing we 'll really notice at ground level is a spectacular sunset , especially for nothern parts of the UK . "
13.08 pm :
One of the previous volcanoes in Iceland may have sparked the French Revolution , writes Valur Gunnarsson , reporter in Reykjavic :
This may not be the first time in history that a volcano in Iceland affects the rest of Europe .
The largest to take place on the island so far happened in 1787 .
Some historians suggest that this led to crop failures all over Europe , leading to the French Revolution in 1789 .
It was the Laki volcano that erupted in 1787 .
Abel Covarrubias has written about this on his blog :
" After several years of extreme weather in Europe caused by the Laki eruption , the ensuing destruction of crops and livestock brought famine and poverty that built up in France , triggering the Revolution which began in 1789 . "
1.19 pm :
We 've had a few questions on Twitter as to why planes cannot take off from the UK heading south – seeing as the ash is making its way down from the north .
Hopefully this Guardian graphic helps to show how much of the ash is already over the south of England .
The image from the Met Office ( see 11.50 am ) also shows how the ash is covering the country ( all be it at a very high altitude ) .
For clarification on that diagram , the red lines indicate ash at 20,000 ft , green show the movement of ash at 20,000 - 35,000ft and blue is ash between 35,000 - 55,000ft .
Charles Arthur 's piece on just how damaging volcanic ash can be for planes should also explain why so much caution is being taken .
The National Air Traffic
Service told me earlier that it was not just the risk of planes crashing that led to its decision to suspend traffic in and out of UK airspace , but also the damage that could be caused to aircraft over a longer term of 2 - 3 years .
1.34 pm :
Brussels airport has just cancelled all outgoing flights due to drifting volcanic ash , according to Associated Press .
The airport 's website has actually crashed , but apparently it was reporting flights are cancelled throughout today .
Passengers have been told no planes will depart .
1.53 pm :
With flights to Scotland from elsewhere in the UK off limits , it seems people have been turning to road and rail .
The Guardian 's transport correspondent Dan Milmo has emailed me this from National Express , whose coaches are fully booked today following the cancellation of flights .
National Express coach services to / from Scotland and London Heathrow are full today ( 15 April ) .
Extra coaches have been added to the network for tomorrow and more coaches will be added to cater for the required demand .
National Express also operates coaches to and from all major airports including Heathrow , Gatwick , Stansted , Birmingham , Manchester , East Midlands , Bristol and Luton .
All National Express coach services are operating as normal .
Meanwhile a spokesman for the Association of Train Operating Companies confirmed train companies are experiencing " an increase in demand " .
" It 's deeply regrettable that the cloud of volcanic ash is causing disruption to people 's travel plans .
" Train companies are experiencing an increase in demand as air passengers shift to rail services .
" Where it 's possible , operators are looking into what can be done to provide extra services to help stranded air passengers to get around the country as quickly and easily as possible . "
2.02 pm :
Blog readers concerned that eight - year - old Sam 's thirst for knowledge ( see 10.37 am ) has gone unquenched can relax .
The Guardian 's environment correspondent , David Adam , has kindly supplied a piece explaining volcanic eruptions : " Volcanic eruptions and ash clouds explained "
Magma usually lies as pressurised pools of molten rock deep beneath the Earth 's surface .
During an eruption it rises .
This drops the pressure and gas dissolved in the magma starts to emerge and forms bubbles , just as it does in champagne when a cork is released .
The bubbles cause the magma to froth violently and burst out as a volcanic eruption .
When the boiling fragments of liquid magma hit the cold air they freeze into individual dust particles , driven upwards towards the high atmosphere by the power and heat of the eruption .
As the turbulent torrent rushes out it rips and pulverises rocks from the volcano , adding to the growing cloud of ash .
2.16 pm :
More from David Adam 's volcanic piece :
The dust can also help reduce global warming .
The effect of the Iceland ash cloud will be small but larger eruptions help to cool the planet as they reflect sunlight back into space .
The 1815 eruption of Mt Tambora in Indonesia produced so much volcanic ash that it triggered the " year without a summer " that brought widespread failure of harvests across Europe , famine and economic collapse .
The " year without a summer " was mentioned in Lord Byron 's poem Darkness .
I know that because of this tweet :
RT @will_tooke : @qikipedia
' The bright sun was extinguished , and the
stars Did wander darkling in the eternal space '
Lord Byron , Darkness
1815 #ashtag
2.36 pm :
No flights will be allowed in or out of the UK until 6 am tomorrow " at the earliest , " the national air traffic service has said .
Here 's the full statement which has been posted on Nats website :
The cloud of volcanic ash is now spread across the UK and continuing to travel south .
In line with international civil aviation policy , no flights other than agreed emergencies are currently permitted in UK controlled airspace .
Following a review of the latest Met Office information , NATS advises that these restrictions will remain in place in UK controlled airspace until 0600 tomorrow , Friday 16 April , at the earliest .
We will review further Met Office information and at 2000 today ( local ) we will advise the arrangements that will be in place through to 1200 tomorrow .
We continue to work closely with airports , airlines , and the rest of Europe to understand and mitigate the implications of the volcanic eruption .
Countries across northern Europe have now closed their airspace .
Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport says Dutch airspace will close at 6 pm ( BST ) .
The airport says on its website that air traffic to and from the Netherlands will be scaled down in the coming hours and will be shut down entirely from 7 pm ( 6 pm BST ) .
" I can't say how long it will last .
As long as necessary , " Marjolein Wenting of the Netherlands ' Air Traffic Control agency said on RTL television .
" This is unique for the Netherlands . "
Airspaces in Ireland , northern Sweden and Norway have all been closed since this morning ( see 10.00 am ) , and Denmark 's airspace will be shut from 5 pm BST .
3.00 pm :
Nats has just announced flights to and from the UK will actually be suspended until 7.00 am ( BST ) tomorrow , not 6 am .
They will review Met Office information and at 8 pm today will advise the arrangements that will be in place through to 1 pm tomorrow ( not 12 pm as earlier stated ) .
A Nats spokesman in the UK told the Press Association earlier :
" No one can remember a time before when controlled airspace has been closed in the UK .
" This is certainly one of the most significant instances of flight restrictions in living memory . "
" We certainly do not think we have over - reacted .
Safety is our main priority and volcanic ash is a serious threat to aircraft . "
3.19 pm :
Time for some emails .
David Hickmott has sent this :
" I 'm half hoping for mushroom cloud - esque , apocalytpic darkness .
Possible rain of fire .
Will I be massively disappointed when London just looks a tad hazy ? "
Yes , I 'm afraid you will be disappointed .
This is from James Neill , who has spotted a little plane on Flightradar :
So just what is so special about this lonely little Cessna still
flying over London ??
Call sign TWF63 = G - JBIS = a Cessna 550 Citation
http://twitpic.com/1frbfg
Liz Bury has also been in touch :
Do you know if there 's any suggestion , or evidence to suggest , that this eruption is linked to climate change ?
Can anyone help James and Liz ?
Meanwhile , four of this weekend 's Carnegie Challenge Cup ties involving French sides are under threat due to the ash , and Great Britain 's preparations for the ice hockey world championships in Slovenia have also been hit following the volcanic eruption .
The squad were due to fly out of Gatwick Airport tomorrow morning before playing the opening game of Division One Group B against Croatia at 1 pm on Saturday .
My colleague Helen Pidd , who is trying to get to Berlin , emails to say she has been thwarted in her attempts to travel by Eurostar .
They are full , and she was only able to get on one at 8 am tomorrow .
In other Guardian - employee - related - travel - news , my own flight from Gatwick to the Isle of Man , booked for 7:35 pm tomorrow , is in the balance .
Why not send your travel woes ?
Email : adam.gabbatt@guardian.co.uk or Twitter : @adamgabbatt
3.41 pm :
Lots of emails waiting for me upon my return from an ( unsuccessful ) Kit Kat - buying trip .
Do n't worry Liz Bury , it seems the eruption is not linked to climate change :
Roy Allen writes :
There is absolutely no possible causal link between volcanic eruptions or earthquakes and climate change .
Zero . Nada , Zilch .
Completely unconnected phenomena .
And from Owain Shave :
please tell Liz Bury - No , absolutley no link to climate change .
Volcanoes erupt .
They 've done so since the earth was formed , and will
continue to do so long after we 're gone .
If you want to geek out , there is a slight seasonality to volcanic
eruptions , thought to be due to loading / unloading by the weight of ice
as the ice grows and retreats , but the major drivers of volcanism
( plate tectonics and mantle plumes ) have absolutely nothing to do with
climate change .
And not wanting to leave James Neill feeling left out , Bill Spring has emailed regarding the mysterious low - flying plane .
1 . The Cessna will be flying at a few hundred feet .
Commercial flights would be flying at a height of several thousand metres where the ash cloud is thicker .
2 . Cessna 's do n't have jet engines .
3 . Cessna 's are not flying at several hundred miles an hour .
So a little slow old Cessna can potter around without any problems .
Thanks also to all the people who responded to Liz and James 's queries in the comments section .
3.53 pm :
London Evening Standard ash cloud coverage .
The London Evening Standard has hit our office .
The newspaper is certainly not underplaying the volcanic ash saga .
" Million passengers hit by worst chaos since second world war , " reads their subheading .
4.00 pm :
Earlier ( 11.22 am ) David Cameron described the volcanic ash plumes as " very worrying " .
Not to be outdone , Prime Minister Gordon Brown has stressed that " the safety of our population is of the highest importance " .
" It [ the suspension of flights ] is a temporary decision .
It will be reviewed at all times .
" But safety is the first and predominant consideration , and if any travelling public are inconvenienced I apologise for that , but it is important that everybody 's safety comes first . "
4.12 pm :
A number of airports in France are now closed .
The French Civil Aviation authority says that Paris ' main airport and nearly two dozen others are closing due to volcanic ash .
The Civil Aviation authority cites security reasons for the decision .
4.26 pm :
Possibly the worst travel woe I have heard so far , sent to me by @hutchaye on Twitter :
Travel woes - Christmas in Paris nearly ruined due to Eurostar snow debacle .
Surprise weekend 4 gfs bday in Portugal in ruins
However other travel woes are available , this is from Paul Rutherford :
I was meant to be flying to Inverness from London for a Stag Weekend in the Highlands tomorrow morning .
Booked up on the 12 hour overnight bus instead .
And this from Michael Crooks :
Does this mean my own Barcelona - Dublin - Aer Arann trip to the Isle of Man
tomorrow is also in the balance ?
PS We 'll probably be in The Saddle on the quay if you 're bored .
Which you will be .
And Tom Stainer from CAMRA reports that members could see their own Isle of Man travel plans disrupted :
Thanks for keeping us informed throughout the day – with CAMRA's AGM / Members '
Weekend due to take place on the IOM this weekend , there 's another 1,000 or so real ale fans with their travel plans also in the balance thanks to The Cloud .
Fingers crossed we all get out there tomorrow !
( if you 're struggling , have you checked the Steam Packet ferry times from Liverpool ? )
And if you fancy a pint and some good pub suggestions while you 're out there , give me a bell .
Elsewhere , Matthew J Owen has sent a riposte to Roy Allen 's earlier reply to Liz Bury 's question ( " Do you know if there 's any suggestion , or evidence to suggest , that this eruption is linked to climate change ? " )
[ To Rory Allen 's answer that ]
' There is absolutely no possible causal link between volcanic eruptions or
earthquakes and climate change .
Zero. Nada , Zilch .
Completely unconnected
phenomena ' ... I would like to add a caveat .
Whilst I agree that there is no link between our current global warming
trend and volcanic and earthquake activity , this is certainly not the case
on geologic timescales .
On several fronts really , by I will limit myself to a couple : 1 / Pinatubo eruption , an example of a volcano erupting ash high into the
atmosphere , reflecting the sun 's radiation and leading to a short lived
cooling of the Earth 's climate .
2 / Instances in the distance past where large scale ( i.e. half the size of
India ) eruptions are believed to have caused catastrophic climate change
by releasing huge volumes of Methane into the atmosphere ( such as the
Deccan traps ) .
3 / During deglaciations - changes in the stress on the Earth 's crust
caused by melting ice and rising sea-levels causing increased occurrences
of volcanic eruptions .
So , this eruption in Iceland is not being caused by climate change , but if
it pumps it 's emissions high enough into the atmosphere it could have an
influence on our climate over the next year or so .
4.42 pm :
Some dispute over the accuracy of Bill Spring 's answer to James Neill 's question earlier .
( See 3.41 pm ) .
Geoff Whitworth :
I hate to disagree with Bill Spring and get all train spottery , but that plane is a Cessna Citation , not a 172 or the like .
It 's a big ass twin engined executive jet .
Here 's a photo : http://www.airliners.net/photo/Cessna-550-Citation/1423263/L/&sid=f1f79bbca4836f5d6bc6f4b52e1e010c
So why is it still in the air ?
Nick Evans :
Actually , the Cessna Citation is a business jet and so Bill Spring is entirely wrong , in every respect .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cessna_Citation_II
And Philip Benson :
Hi Adam ,
Bad news about the Kit Kat !
I 'm not one to normally correct things , but as a former pilot I want to mention that the Cessna Citation 500 is a small JET powered Biz - Jet ... not powered by a piston engine , as you write ...
So what was this Cessna Citation doing in supposedly restricted UK airspace ?
4.58 pm :
Right , some final travel woes , firstly from Gordon McKenzie :
I am supposed to be flying back from JFK to Paris then Birmingham tonight .
I can't get any information about what is happening - the online check - in is n't working for unspecified reasons , and ringing Air France at JFK gets a recorded message that the office is closed , despite the recording going on to give opening hours indicating it should be open .
Depends on the airport in Paris , but I think you 're going to struggle ( see 4.12 pm ) .
And you definitely wo n't be able to fly in to Birmingham until 7 am tomorrow at the earliest .
From Ian McDonough :
Hi there , a mention to my mate Rob Griffiths .
He lives in Cologne and cannot get back home to Chester for his 50th birthday .
We 'll have a few beers here Rob .
( Happy birthday Rob ) .
Dan Ashley :
Is the cloud getting lighter as it heads south ?
Am I in danger of not being able to fly to Lanzarote from Luton on Sunday ?
And finally , dave_digger tweets :
@adamgabbatt
Any suggestions from readers how to get to Vienna ?
Got a wedding on Saturday & all bar the Bride still in the UK .
Bad times !
Right that 's it for today , thanks for all the emails , comments and tweets , sorry I could n't post them all .
I 'll be back tomorrow , with bag packed and fingers crossed .
Good luck to everyone hoping to travel tonight .
In the history of the introduction of Buddhism , and especially of Zen , to the West , one name that stands out is Alan Watts .
Few people did more to popularize and explain Eastern philosophy than Watts .
Long before I had a serious interest in Buddhism , I remember reading and being intrigued by his popular The Way of Zen .
I offer below one of his most famous essays , Beat Zen , Square Zen , and Zen , as first published in the spring 1958 issue of the Chicago Review .
Although the essay is more than 50 years old , Watts ’ insights into how our cultural beliefs and assumptions can color our religious or philosophical views is as timely as ever .
( I ’ve taken the liberty of adding some images and breaking up some of the longer paragraphs in the effort to make the essay more readable in the narrow - width format of a blog .
I ’ve not changed the wording , of course )
“ But the Westerner who is attracted by Zen and who would understand it deeply must have one indispensable qualification : he must understand his own culture so thoroughly that he is no longer swayed by its premises unconsciously .
He must really have come to terms with the Lord God Jehovah and with his Hebrew - Christian conscience so that he can take it or leave it without fear or rebellion .
He must be free of the itch to justify himself .
Lacking this , his Zen will be either “ beat ” or “ square , ” either a revolt from the culture and social order or a new form of stuffiness and respectability . ”
Allen Watts
Beat Zen , Square Zen , and Zen
by Alan Watts
It is as difficult for Anglo - Saxons as for the Japanese to absorb anything quite so Chinese as Zen .
For though the word “ Zen ” is Japanese and though Japan is now its home , Zen Buddhism is the creation of T’ang dynasty China .
I do not say this as a prelude to harping upon the incommunicable subtleties of alien cultures .
The point is simply that people who feel a profound need to justify themselves have difficulty in understanding the viewpoints of those who do not , and the Chinese who created Zen were the same kind of people as Lao - tzu , who , centuries before , said , “ Those who justify themselves do not convince . ”
For the urge to make or prove oneself right has always jiggled the Chinese sense of the ludicrous , since as both Confucians and Taoists - however different these philosophies in other ways — they have invariably appreciated the man who can “ come off it . ”
To Confucius it seemed much better to be human - hearted then righteous , and to the great Taoists , Lao -tzu and Chang - tzu , it was obvious that one could not be right without also being wrong , because the two were as inseparable as back and front .
As Chang - tzu said , “ Those who would have good government without its correlative misrule , and right without its correlative wrong , do not understand the principles of the universe . ”
To Western ears such words may sound cynical , and the Confucian admiration of “ reasonableness ” and compromise may appear to be a weak - kneed lack of commitment to principle .
Actually they reflect a marvelous understanding and respect for what we call the balance of nature , human and otherwise - a universal vision of life as the Tao or way of nature in which the good and evil , the creature and the destructive , the wise and the foolish are the inseparable polarities of existence .
“ Tao , ” said the Chung - yung , “ is that from which one cannot depart .
That from which one can depart is not the Tao . ”
Therefore wisdom did not consist in trying to wrest the good from the evil but learning to “ ride ” them as a cork adapts itself to the crests and troughs of the waves .
At the roots of Chinese life there is a trust in the good - and - evil of one ’s own nature which is peculiarly foreign to those brought up with the chronic uneasy conscience of the Hebrew - Christian cultures .
Yet it was always obvious to the Chinese that a man who mistrusts himself cannot even trust his mistrust , and must therefore be hopelessly confused .
For rather different reasons , Japanese people tend to be as uneasy in themselves as Westerners , having a sense of social shame quite as acute as our more metaphysical sense of sin .
This was especially true of the class most attracted to Zen , the samurai .
Ruth Benedict , in that very uneven work Chrysanthemum and Sword , was , I think , perfectly correct in saying that the attraction of Zen to the samurai class was its power to get rid of an extremely awkward self - consciousness induced in the education of the young .
Part - and - parcel of this self - consciousness is the Japanese compulsion to compete with oneself — a compulsion which turns every craft and skill into a marathon of self - discipline .
Although the attraction of Zen lay in the possibility of liberation from self - consciousness , the Japanese version of Zen fought fire with fire , overcoming the “ self observing the self ” by bringing it to an intensity in which it exploded .
How remote from the regimen of the Japanese Zen monastery are the words of the great T’ang master Lin-chi :
“ In Buddhism there is no place for using effort .
Just be ordinary and nothing special .
Eat your food , move your bowels , pass water , and when you ’re tired go and lie down .
The ignorant will laugh at me , but the wise will understand . ”
Yet the spirit of these words is just as remote from a kind of Western Zen which would employ this philosophy to justify a very self - defensive Bohemianism .
There is no single reason for the extraordinary growth of Western interest in Zen during the last twenty years .
The appeal of Zen arts to the “ modern ” spirit in the West , the words of Suzuki , the war with Japan , the itchy fascination of “ Zen-stories , ” and the attraction of a non-conceptual , experiential philosophy in the climate of scientific relativism — all these are involved .
One might mention , too , the affinities between Zen and such purely Western trends as the philosophy of Wittgenstein , Existentialism , General Semantics , the metalinguistics of B. L. Whorf , and certain movements in the philosophy of science and in psychotherapy .
Always in the background there is our vague disquiet with the artificiality and “ anti-naturalness ” of both Christianity , with its politically ordered cosmology , and technology , with its imperialistic mechanization of a natural world from which man himself feels strangely alien .
For both reflect a psychology in which man is identified with a conscious intelligence and will standing apart from nature to control it , like the architect - God in whose image this version of man is conceived .
This disquiet arises from the suspicion that our attempt to master the world from the outside is a vicious circle in which we shall be condemned to the perpetual insomnia of controlling controls and supervising supervision ad infinitum .
To the Westerner in search of the reintegration of man and nature there is an appeal far beyond the merely sentimental in the naturalism of Zen — in the landscapes of Ma-yuan and Sesshu , in an art which is simultaneously spiritual and secular , which conveys the mystical in terms of the natural , and which , indeed , never even imagined a break between them .
Here is a view of the world imparting a profoundly refreshing sense of wholeness to a culture in which the spiritual and the material , the conscious and the unconscious , have been cataclysmically split .
For this reason the Chinese humanism and naturalism of Zen intrigue us much more strongly than Indian Buddhism or Vedanta .
These , too , have their students in the West , but their followers seem for the most part to be displaced Christians — people in search of a more plausible philosophy than Christian supernaturalism to carry on the essentially Christian search for the miraculous .
The ideal man of Indian Buddhism is clearly a superman , a yogi with absolute mastery of his own nature , according perfectly with the science - fiction ideal of “ man beyond mankind . ”
But the Buddha or awakened man of Chinese Zen is “ ordinary and nothing special ” ; he is humorously human like the Zen tramps portrayed by Mu-chi and Liang - k’ai .
We like this because here , for the first time , is a conception of the holy man and sage who is not impossibly remote , not superhuman but fully human , and , above all , not a solemn and sexless ascetic .
Furthermore , in Zen the satori experience of awakening to our “ original inseparability ” with the universe seems , however elusive , always just round the corner .
One has even met people to whom it has happened , and they are no longer mysterious occultist in the Himalayas nor skinny yogis in cloistered ashrams .
They are just like us , and yet much more at home in the world , floating much more easily upon the ocean of transience and insecurity .
But the Westerner who is attracted by Zen and who would understand it deeply must have one indispensable qualification : he must understand his own culture so thoroughly that he is no longer swayed by its premises unconsciously .
He must really have come to terms with the Lord God Jehovah and with his Hebrew - Christian conscience so that he can take it or leave it without fear or rebellion .
He must be free of the itch to justify himself .
Lacking this , his Zen will be either “ beat ” or “ square , ” either a revolt from the culture and social order or a new form of stuffiness and respectability .
For Zen is above all the Liberation of the mind from conventional thought , and this is something utterly different from rebellion against convention , on the one hand , or adopting foreign conventions , on the other .
Conventional thought is , in brief , the confusion of the concrete universe of nature with the conceptual things , events , and values of linguistic and cultural symbolism .
For in Taoism and Zen the world is seen as an inseparably interrelated field or continuum , no part of which can actually be separated from the rest or valued above or below the rest .
It was in this sense that Hui-neng , the Sixth Patriarch , meant that “ fundamentally not one thing exists , ” for he realized that things are terms , not entities .
They exist in the abstract world of thought , but not in the concrete world of nature .
Thus one who actually perceives or feels this to be so no longer feels that he is an ego , except by definition .
He sees that his ego is his persona or social role , a somewhat arbitrary selection of experiences with which he has been taught to identify himself .
( Why , for example , do we say “ I think ” but not “ I am beating my heart ” ? )
Having seen this , he continues to play his social role without being taken by it .
He does not precipitately adopt a new role or play the role of having no role at all .
He plays it cool .
The “ beat ” mentality as I am thinking of it is something much more extensive and vague that the hipster life of New York and San Francisco .
It is a younger generation ’s non-participation in “ the American Way of Life , ” a revolt which does not seek to change the existing order but simply turns away from it to find the significance of life in subjective experience rather then objective achievement .
It contrasts with the “ square ” and other - directed mentality of beguilement by social convention , unaware of the correlativity of right and wrong , the mutual necessity of capitalism and communism to each other ’s existence , of the inner identity of puritanism and lechery , or of , say , the alliance of church lobbies and organized crime to maintain the laws against gambling .
Beat Zen is a complex phenomenon .
It ranges from a use of Zen for justifying sheer caprice in art , literature , and life to a very forceful social criticism and “ digging of the universe ” such as one may find in the poetry of Ginsberg and Snyder , and , rather unevenly , in Kerouac .
But , as I know it , it is always a share too self - conscious , too subjective , and too strident to have the flavor of Zen .
It is all very well for the philosopher , but when the poet ( Ginsberg ) says —
live in the physical world moment to moment I must write down every recurring thought — stop every beating second
this is too indirect and didactic for Zen , which would rather hand you the thing itself without comment .
The sea darkens ;
The voices of the wild ducks
Are faintly white .
Furthermore , when Kerouac gives his philosophical final statement , “ I do n’t know .
I do n’t care .
And it does n’t make any difference ” — the cat is out of the bag , for there is a hostility in these words which clangs with self - defense .
But just because Zen truly surpasses convention and its values , it has no need to say “ To hell with it , ” nor to underline with violence the fact that anything goes .
Now the underlying protestant lawlessness of beat Zen disturbs square Zennists very seriously .
For square Zen is the Zen of established tradition in Japan with its clearly defined hierarchy , its rigid discipline , and its specific tests of satori .
More particularly , it is the kind of Zen adopted by Westerners studying in Japan , who will before long be bringing it back home .
But there is an obvious difference between square Zen and the common - or - garden squareness of the Rotary Club or the Presbyterian Church .
It is infinitely more imaginative , sensitive , and interesting .
But it is still square because it is a quest for the right spiritual experience , for a satori which will receive the stamp ( inka ) of approved and established authority .
There will even be certificates to hang on the wall .
I see no real quarrel in either extreme .
There was never a spiritual movement without its excesses and distortions .
The experience of awakening which truly constitutes Zen is too timeless and universal to be injured .
The extremes of beat Zen need alarm no one since , as Blake said , “ the fool who persists in his folly will become wise . ”
As for square Zen , “ authoritative ” spiritual experiences have always had a way of wearing thin , and thus of generating the demand for something genuine and unique which needs no stamp .
I have known followers of both extremes to come up with perfectly clear satori experiences , for since there is no real “ way ” to satori the way you are following makes very little difference .
But the quarrel between the extremes is of great philosophical interest , being a contemporary form of the ancient dispute between salvation by works and salvation by faith , or between what the Hindus called the ways of the monkey and the cat .
The cat - appropriately enough - follows the effortless way , since the mother cat carries her kittens .
The monkey follows the hard way , since the baby monkey has to hang on to its mother ’s hair .
Thus for beat Zen there must be no effort , no discipline , no artificial striving to attain satori or to be anything but what one is .
But for square
Zen there can be no true satori without years of meditation — practice under the stern supervision of a qualified master .
In seventeenth - century Japan these two attitudes were approximately typified by the great masters Bankei and Hakuin , and it so happens that the followers of the latter “ won out ” and determined the present - day character of Rinzai Zen .
( 1 )
( 1) Watts ’ footnote : Rinzai Zen is the form most widely known in the West .
There is also Soto Zen which differs somewhat in technique , but is still closer to Hakuin then to Bankei .
However , Bankei should not exactly be idenfitied with beat Zen as I have described it , for he was certainly no advocate of the life of undisciplined whimsy despite all that he said about the importance of the uncalculated life and the folly of seeking satori .
Satori can lie along both roads .
It is the concomitant of a “ nongrasping ” attitude of the senses to experience , and grasping can be exhausted by the discipline of directing its utmost intensity to a single , ever - elusive objective .
But what makes the way of effort and will - power suspect to many Westerners is not so much an inherent laziness as a thorough familiarity with the wisdom of our own culture .
The square Western Zennists are often quite naïve when it comes to an understanding of Christian theology or of all that has been discovered in modern psychiatry , for both have been long concerned with the fallibility and unconscious ambivalence of the will .
Both have proposed problems as to the vicious circle of seeking self - surrender or of “ free - associating on purpose ” or of accepting one ’s conflicts to escape from them , and to anyone who knows anything about either Christianity or psychotherapy these are very real problems .
The interest of Chinese Zen and of people like Bankei is that they deal with these problems in a most direct and stimulating way , and being to suggest some answers .
But when Herrigel ’s Japanese archery master was asked , “ How can I give up purpose on purpose ? ” he replied that no one had ever asked him that before .
He had no answer except to go on trying blindly , for five years .
Foreign relations can be immensely attractive and highly overrated by those who know little of their own , and especially by those who have not worked through and grown out of their own .
This is why the displaced or unconscious Christian can so easily use either beat or square Zen to justify himself .
The one wants a philosophy to justify him in doing what he pleases .
The other wants a more plausible authoritative salvation than the Church or the psychiatrists seem to be able to provide .
Furthermore the atmosphere of Japanese Zen is free from all one ’s unpleasant childhood associations with God the Father and Jesus Christ — though I know many young Japanese who feel the same way about their early training in Buddhism .
But the true character of Zen remains almost incomprehensible to those who have not surpassed the immaturity of needing to be justified , whether before the Lord God or before a paternalistic society .
The old Chinese Zen masters were steeped in Taoism .
They saw nature in its total interrelatedness , and saw that every creature and every experience is in accord with the Tao of nature just as it is .
This enabled them to accept themselves as they were , moment by moment , without the least need to justify anything .
They did n’t do it to defend themselves or to find an excuse for getting away with murder .
They did n’t brag about it and set themselves apart as rather special .
On the contrary , their Zen was wu-shih , which means approximately “ nothing special ” or “ no fuss . ”
But Zen is “ fuss ” when it is mixed up with Bohemian affectations , and “ fuss ” when it is imagined that the only proper way to find it is to run off to a monastery in Japan or to do special exercises in the lotus posture five hours a day .
And I will admit that the very hullabaloo about Zen , even in such an article as this , is also fuss — but a little less so .
Having said that , I would like to say something for all Zen fussers , beat or square .
Fuss is all right , too .
If you are hung on Zen , there ’s no need to try to pretend that you are not .
If you really want to spend some years in a Japanese monastery , there is no earthly reason why you should n’t .
Or if you want to spend your time hopping freight cars and digging Charlie Parker , it ’s a free country .
In the landscape of Spring there is neither better
nor worse ;
The flowering branches grow naturally , some long ,
some short .
Click here to visit “ Metta Refuge Dharma Nuggets ” — short Dharma insights for your Daily Practice and Inspiration
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
Today , the Real Economy Project of the Center for Media and Democracy ( CMD ) released an assessment of the total cost to taxpayers of the Wall Street bailout .
CMD concludes that multiple federal agencies have disbursed $ 4.6 trillion dollars in supporting the financial sector since the meltdown in 2007 - 2008 .
Of that , $ 2 trillion is still outstanding .
Our tally shows that the Federal Reserve is the real source of the bailout funds .
CMD ’s assessment demonstrates that while the press has focused its attention on the $ 700 billion TARP bill passed by Congress , the Federal Reserve has provided by far the bulk of the funding for the bailout in the form of loans amounting to $ 3.8 trillion .
Little information has been disclosed about what collateral taxpayers have received in return for these loans , sparking the Bloomberg News lawsuit covered earlier .
CMD also concludes that the bailout is far from over , as the government has active programs authorized to cost up to $ 2.9 trillion and still has $ 2 trillion in outstanding investments and loans .
Learn more about the 35 programs included in the CMD tally by visiting our Total Wall Street Bailout Cost Table , which contains links to pages on each bailout program with details including the current balance sheet for each program .
Treasury Department Self - Congratulations Premature
While the Treasury Department has been patting itself on the back for recouping some of the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) funds and allegedly making money off of its aid to Citigroup , the CMD accounting shows that TARP is only a small fraction of the federal funds that have gone out the door in support of the financial sector .
Far more has been done to aid Wall Street through the back door of the Federal Reserve than through the front door of Congressional appropriations .
The tally shows that more scrutiny needs to be given by policymakers and the media to the role of the Federal Reserve especially as the Fed has accounted for the vast majority of the bailout funds , yet provides far less disclosure and is far less directly accountable than the Treasury .
Download the Financial Crisis Tracker
In addition to a comprehensive here Wall Street Bailout Table which will be updated monthly as a resource for press and the public , CMD is also making available a Financial Crisis Tracker , a widget that links to the table that can be downloaded to websites and provides up –to - date numbers on the financial crisis and the bailout .
The Financial Crisis Tracker shows unemployment rates , housing foreclosure rates and the bailout total on a monthly basis .
It is a more accurate measure of how we are doing as a nation than any Wall Street ticker .
* Key Findings
* Wall Street Bailout Table
* Financial Crisis Tracker
Among the Key Findings :
1 ) $ 4.6 Trillion in Taxpayer Funds Have Been Disbursed
All together , $ 4.6 trillion of taxpayer funds have been disbursed in the form of direct loans to Wall Street companies and banks , purchases of toxic assets , and support for the mortgage and mortgage - backed securities markets through federal housing agencies .
This is an astonishing 32 % of our GDP ( 2008 ) 130 % of the federal budget ( FY 2009 ) .
2 ) TARP vs. Non-TARP Funding
Most accountings of the financial bailout focus on the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , enacted by Congress with the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 .
However , a complete analysis of the activities of all the agencies involved in the bailout including the FDIC , Federal Reserve and the Treasury reveals that TARP , which ended up disbursing about $ 410 billion was less than a tenth of the total U.S. government effort to contain the financial crisis .
TARP funds only account for about 20 % of the maximum commitments made through the bailout and less than 10 % of the actual funds disbursed .
3 ) The Federal Reserve has Played the Primary Role in the Bailout
The Federal Reserve has provided by far the bulk of the funding for the bailout in the form of loans -- $ 3.8 trillion in total .
Little information has been disclosed about what collateral taxpayers have received in return for many of these loans .
Bloomberg News is suing the Federal Reserve to make this information public .
On March 19 , 2010 Bloomberg won its suit in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals , but it is not clear if this case will continue to be litigated to the Supreme Court .
4 ) Federal Support for the Housing Market is on the Rise
A key component of the bailout has been the federal support for mortgages and mortgage - backed securities , primarily through the Federal Reserve .
All together , the government has disbursed more than $ 1.5 trillion in non-TARP funds to directly support the mortgage and housing market since 2007 .
The Aussie actor storms out of a radio interview when the reporter questions his accent
Robin Hood may steal from the rich – but did Russell Crowe adopt an Irish brogue in character in his latest flick ?
The Aussie actor , who ’s been promoting Robin Hood at the Cannes Film Festival , took umbrage during a recent BBC Radio 4 interview when host Mark Lawson said he heard hints of Irish in Crowe ’s character ’s voice .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ You ’ve got dead ears , mate , ” Crowe , 46 , said , “ seriously dead ears if you think there ’s an Irish accent . ”
RELATED : Russell Crowe Recalls Getting His Feet Wet at Cannes – Literally
“ I ’m a little dumbfounded you could possibly find any Irish in that character , ” he continued , after delving a bit into the Robin Hood ’s background .
“ That ’s kind of ridiculous , but it ’s your show . ”
And that was n’t the end of it .
When the journalist asked Crowe if the accent was supposed to be northern English , Crowe grew testier .
“ No , I was going for an Italian , ” he said .
“ Missed it ? [ Expletive ] me ! ”
The last straw ?
When Lawson brought up rumors that the actor never wanted to say the famous line , “ I ’ll take my revenge in this life or the next , ” in 2000 ’s Gladiator , which won him a Best Actor Oscar .
sex , drugs , and a clinical case of denial
Despite decades of experiments and mountains of evidence , there are still activists who refuse to believe HIV causes AIDS .
And they have blood on their hands .
Illustration from a Canadian sexual health PSA
The plagues of the Dark Ages are often considered to be one of the worst epidemics humans ever faced .
With no sanitary practices , germ theory , or scientific medicine to speak of , the diseases were unstoppable and the patients ’ survival depended solely on their luck and the strength of their immune systems .
Today , we ’re better off than our ancestors since we have modern medicine on our side , and two of the most fearsome plagues of our time , HIV and AIDS , can be managed with a complex cocktail of antiretroviral drugs .
Unfortunately , just like our ancestors , we still have our fair share of cranks and denialists ready and willing to derail ongoing relief efforts in nations struggling with HIV / AIDS in their quest to validate their ideas , even if it means patients will die by refusing to take their prescribed antiviral drugs in favor of alt med woo , and help the disease spread .
While doctors , charities , and activists across the world have been working on new generations of treatments , promoting safe sex practices and encouraging people to get tested for HIV or AIDS , cancer researcher Peter Duesberg was busy starting a movement that fervently denies the link between the two disorders .
As a result of his opposition to the medical consensus , a number of HIV - positive patients stopped taking their medicine , allowing the disease to progress into full blown AIDS .
In South Africa , his pseudoscientific notions convinced a government to refuse aid shipments of retroviral drugs and promote vitamins and various folk cures as perfectly viable long term treatment options , netting German vitamin mogul and crank Matthias Rath a fortune in the process .
But hold on , you might ask , if an accomplished cancer researcher with an international reputation asks if HIV and AIDS are linked , he must surely have a reason for his doubts , right ?
Well , it ’s true that science could only move forward when scientists challenge conventional wisdom , but the link between HIV and AIDS held up to quite a bit of scrutiny , and the evidence for it is as solid as it gets in medicine .
As was noted in an official reply to South Africa ’s Thabo Mbeki ’s AIDS - denialist policies mentioned above , The Durban Declaration , there is an undeniable link between HIV and AIDS based on both experimental , and real world data .
Patients treated with antiretroviral drugs which were rejected by Mbeki and his staff under the direction of Duesberg and Rath as a Big Pharma conspiracy to “ scam South Africans , ” could ’ve been brought back from the brink of death .
Without antiretroviral treatments , HIV patients develop AIDS in 5 to 10 years .
And even more importantly , the same set of treatments that block HIV replication , also block the replication of AIDS virions .
According to Duesberg and his disciples however , that ’s not proof enough .
Instead , they charge that drug use is the culprit in AIDS infections , as well as the first antiretroviral drug approved for AIDS treatment , AZT .
But the evidence for this notion is slim .
Duesberg ’s strongest arguments , which claim to show a uniform rise in AIDS cases in drug users and HIV - negative patients suddenly developing AIDS , have both been tested and shown to be false .
A Dutch study of drug users from 1989 to 1994 found that only those who were HIV positive would develop AIDS , while HIV - negative users had a total of zero cases and their immune systems stayed normal .
It does n’t mean that drug use is harmless by any stretch of the imagination , but it does show that drug use with no other compounding factors does not lead to AIDS .
It may make it more likely for drug users to engage in a number of risky behaviors through which they could contract HIV , but the drug themselves wo n’t summon an infestation of AIDS virions .
As for the claim of HIV - negative patients developing AIDS , researchers who took a look at Duesberg ’s diagnostic criteria found it to be pretty much arbitrary , and the patients in the study he tried to analyze did not meet the CDC ’s criteria for an AIDS diagnosis .
Finally , as for the claim of AZT actually causing AIDS , the science also says no .
As noted in the previous link , a study of some 1749 HIV patients taking the drug showed that while those taking AZT suffer fewer AIDS - related complications , they fare little better than the control group .
This meant that AZT was a very inefficient treatment which had to be replaced as soon as possible , but it also showed the lack of causation between taking it and developing AIDS .
In fact , the only relationship comes from patients with HIV taking the drug and then suffering from the virus ’ escalation into AIDS because their treatment fails to do its job .
But of course , none of this could be accepted by the AIDS denialist camp for the same reason as all cranks reject scientific evidence that fails to agree with their convictions .
They see themselves as luminaries and geniuses who made a discovery that the close - minded establishment fails to acknowledge their momentous insights out of fear , greed , or politics .
To the AIDS denialists , the force of scientists disagreeing with their efforts in South Africa is seen as a sign of the establishment ’s desire to silence their wisdom and they dismiss all estimates of how much harm they ’ve caused as a Big Pharma conspiracy to sell more antiretroviral drugs .
Maybe at one time , they started with very genuine skepticism , but today , they care much more about sticking it to the man than helping the people who live with the ravages of HIV and AIDS as per the lifecycle of virtually all persistent crank claims .
And this is exactly why doctors , scientists , and concerned activists want to stop them .
AIDS denialism is yet another example of how denying sound , thoroughly investigated science for the sake of personal self - aggrandizement can have dire consequences for hundreds of thousands of people …
For AZT study information , see : Concord Coordinating Committee ( 1994 ) .
Concorde : MRC / ANRS randomised double - blind controlled trial of immediate and deferred zidovudine in symptom - free HIV infection The Lancet , 343 ( 8902 ) , 871–881 DOI : 10.1016/S0140–6736(94)90006 -X
Residents form human barricade to stop travellers building ' illegal ' site in picture - postcard village
IT was n't quite how they imagined spending the Bank Holiday .
But residents of a village in the heart of England found themselves having to form a human barricade to prevent a band of gipsies from building an illegal settlement .
In time - honoured fashion , the gipsies rolled on to the green - belt site on Friday evening in the hope of exploiting the long weekend .
They hoped to establish their camp while council officials were off work and powerless to stop them .
No - go zone :
Angry residents of Meriden , Warwickshire , banded together in a bid to stop gipsy travellers moving onto land on Eaves Green Lane and installing drains and electricity
But they reckoned without the resolve of villagers and farmers who have camped day and night outside the eight - acre camp to prevent building materials being taken in .
Yesterday , the villagers told how they had given up their Bank Holiday weekends to preserve the tranquility of the village of Meriden in the countryside close to Coventry in the West Midlands .
One of the group , Adam Beaty , 42 , said : ' We will stay here day and night as long as it takes .
As soon as the caravans started arriving , word went around and we got up here with our own tractors , trailers and pick - ups .
Holiday vigil : Vowing to stay day and night over the Bank Holiday to protect their village , these encamped residents have been supplied with food and drink from local shops and takeaways
' If we have to abide by planning legislation then so should they .
Local shops and takeaways have been providing free food and drink for us .
It just goes to show what can happen when the community pulls together . '
The stand - off began at the site at 5.30 pm on Friday when around 40 gipsies in 14 caravans , three diggers , an earth mover and various pick - up trucks thundered down Eaves Green Lane to the site .
Within minutes , word went around and residents and local farmers descended on the entrance .
Under construction : Caravans and diggers managed to get into the site before Meriden residents formed their human barricade .
The land was sold to the gipsies for £ 50,000 just over a year ago
Although they could not stop the gipsies digging up the former grazing land , they persuaded the drivers of three trucks full of hardcore to turn around .
On Saturday , a second convoy of hardcore was blocked after a pickup truck became ' stuck ' in the country lane , forcing the gipsies to abandon further construction .
Then Solihull Council called officers in from their Bank Holiday to issue a stop notice , which prohibits further development for the next 28 days .
Picturesque : The 15th century Meriden Wayside Cross is said to be the geographical centre of England
Despite that , the gipsies were yesterday seen putting up a shed on the land , in apparent contravention of the order .
They are due to apply to the council to lift the order tomorrow .
It later emerged that the gipsies lodged a planning application for the site at 4.50 pm on Friday - ten minutes before the council closed .
Around the same time , a separate group of gipsies moved on to another green - belt site ten miles away at Hatton , Warwickshire .
Moving in : Despite a council order to stop work , building continued at the site in Meriden yesterday
Throughout the night , beneath industrial arc lights , a convoy of lorries rumbled along the country lanes to drop off asphalt at the start of the illegal Bank Holiday building project .
By Sunday , plots for 14 caravans had been marked and laid , and a septic tank , mains electricity and water supply had been installed .
One resident said : ' This is horrendous .
We moved here because it is a beautiful undisturbed corner of the countryside where you would never imagine something like this happening .'
The gipsies said they had applied for planning permission but it had not been granted .
Around 40 villagers remained in Meriden yesterday , watched by police to ensure there was no breach of the peace .
The villagers huddled around fires outside the site and at a junction down the lane .
The new owner of the land is Noah Burton , a gipsy who is understood to own a property in nearby Balsall Common .
He was at the site yesterday but refused to comment .
On Saturday , another gipsy boasted : ' We are here for good ! '
Solihull Council was unavailable for comment .
Travellers and gipsies have been able to develop sites without planning consent in the knowledge that they can simply apply for retrospective permission .
Share Email 0 Shares
Editor ’s note :
This oped is by George Plumb , a long time volunteer environmental activist and is currently the executive director of Vermonters for Sustainable Population .
He may be reached at [ email protected ]
40 Years of Earth Day – What Has Been Accomplished ?
Get all of VTDigger 's daily news .
You 'll never miss a story with our daily headlines in your inbox .
Vermont Population
1970 – 444,732
2010 – 621,760 or a 40 % increase
Number of Environmental Organizations in Vermont with Staff
1970 – 0
2010 – 71
VTDigger is underwritten by :
Number of Vermont Colleges and Universities with Environmental Programs
1970 – 1
2010 – 12
Vermont Government Expenditures for the Environment / % of State Budget
1970 – $ 4,815,019 or 2.0 %
2010 – $ 82,304,483 or 1.7 %
Condition of the Environment
1970 – There were certainly environmental problems in Vermont .
Large scale land development including great expansion of the ski areas , building of malls , and large subdivisions were just beginning .
There was also point source pollution including untreated waste water going into our rivers and air pollution from manufacturers .
However , the problems were largely local in nature and could be dealt with through environmental regulation such as Act 250 and building sewage treatment plants .
2010 – The health of Vermont environment has gotten worse .
How do we know this ?
We know this anecdotally from the huge increase in the number of environmental organizations and environmental programs at colleges and universities .
If the environment was improving would there be such a great need for the increase in organizations and programs ?
Unfortunately , although we have more serious environmental problems now than we had then the percent of state expenditures on the environment has decreased slightly .
More importantly , we know the environment has deteriorated from empirical environmental data showing historic trends .
There are three different environmental reports that show a wide variety of data .
The most comprehensive is the Disappearing Vermont ?
report published by Vermonters for Sustainable Population .
It lists thirty - one different indicators of environmental health , including both objective and quantifiable data and subjective and non-quantifiable measures .
Of the thirty - one indicators , twenty - three show a decline , two are about the same , and only six have improved and those only slightly .
The other comprehensive reports were published by the Council on the Future of Vermont and the Vermont Community Foundation and show similar results .
Globally the environmental situation is even worse .
Global warming , dead seas , clearing of rain forests , collapsing fisheries , and loss of biodiversity were not a problem in 1970 .
Now the Data Center of the Earth Policy Institute documents the many ways the global environment is deteriorating .
Why are our environmental problems getting so much worse both here in Vermont and globally ?
The most important cause is population growth .
While the Vermont population increased by 177,000 during the last forty years , the U.S. population increased by 139 million !
It continues to grow by approximately three million people per year .
Lester Brown , the president of the Earth Policy Institute and author of Plan B 4.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization , recently stated that , “ Despite forty years of Earth Day our environmental situation has become much worse , and population growth since that time has been a major cause . ”
VTDigger is underwritten by :
Unfortunately , during these forty years of trying to solve our environmental problems we have primarily been dealing with the symptoms and not the cause of those symptoms .
It is like dealing with a car that is leaking oil from the engine .
If we just keep adding more oil we are only dealing with the symptom , and the underlying cause only gets worst .
On the other hand if we fix the engine gasket the problem stops .
In our environment we are dealing with water pollution by adding and upgrading waste water treatment plants .
However , that does n’t stop the silt and other pollution caused by non -point source pollution from developed land .
Acre for acre developed land causes more pollution than agricultural land .
And it is more than the environment that is being polluted .
Research by the Vt. Public Interest Research Group shows that all Vermont human bodies now have toxic chemicals in them !
When the first Earth Day was held on April 22 in 1970 , population growth was at the top of the agenda .
A headline in the Burlington Free Press on April 23 reads , “ Dr. Gray Says Mankind Must Face Problems of Snowballing Population . ”
Another article detailing the themes at the UVM Earth Day lists “ OVERPOPULATION ” as the first item .
When the first Earth Day was held on April 22 in 1970 , population growth was at the top of the agenda .
A Times Argus headline of April 23 , 1970 titled , “ Increasing Population Called Major Threat . ”
Dr. Mary June Gray spoke to over 300 Vermont College students about overpopulation as the cause of other environmental problems – “ all pollution results from people . ”
The Rutland Herald meanwhile reported on a talk by Prof. David Van Vleck from Middlebury College , who spoke at Grace Congregational Church .
“ Environments have certain carrying capacities , and populations such as the human population may increase until those capacities are reached he noted . ”
However , since that time both environmental and political leaders have retreated from talking about the population issue .
Given that the environmental situation now is so much worse this is irresponsible to the earth and to future generations .
Our leaders should once again lead us in discussing this issue and what we can voluntarily do to deal with it .
Some argue that the root cause is consumption and not population growth .
This is not a valid argument .
If there were only twenty - five million people living in the U.S. , as there was in 1850 , we could all be living highly consumptive lifestyles and driving hummers around and our ecological systems could handle both the consumption of the resources and the resulting pollution .
Also , there is little evidence that people are willing to significantly lessen their consumptive lifestyles .
Even this ardent environmentalist in recent weeks has bought a new lap top , purchased my first IPod , and driven over one hundred miles round trip to Burlington to teach a class , none of which did I really have to do .
Fortunately , with the combination of our increasing environmental problems , food and water shortages already happening , rising awareness of peak oil , and our failing economy , people are beginning to realize that unsustainable population growth is behind much of this .
The human species has exceeded its carrying capacity .
Environmentalists talked about carrying capacity during the first Earth Day , following which we heard little about it .
But now it is being discussed again , along with the newer concept of ecological footprint .
While discussing population growth this Earth Day will likely not be on the top of the agenda as it was in 1970 , we can use this opportunity to begin to reconsider and take action on the cause of our problems and stop the imaginary thinking that only dealing with the symptoms is the answer .
Amazing Cakes
We are pushing boundaries beyond the cake decoration and sugarcraft .
Here are some collection of award winning cakes , sugar sculptures , and culinary arts to challenge your perceptions .
Ray Allen scored 25 points , Rajon Rondo scored all of his 16 in the second half and the Celtics , once thought too old to challenge for another title , beat James and the Cavs 120 - 88 in Game 5 on Tuesday night to move within one win of knocking the league 's top team from the playoffs .
Paul Pierce added 21 and Kevin Garnett 18 for the Celtics , who handed the Cavs their worst home playoff loss in history and can end Cleveland 's season with a win in Game 6 on Thursday night .
" We can not come back here , " Garnett said .
" We have to think this is our Game 7 coming up and we cannot afford to have the best team in the league have a Game 7 on their floor .
Just not possible . "
James , on the verge of an expected trip into free agency on July 1 , had an atrocious game .
He scored 15 points on 3 - of - 14 shooting , a startling outing for the 25 - year - old who has been playing with a sprained elbow .
He refused to use his injury as an excuse .
" I missed a lot of open shots that I normally make , " he said with little emotion .
" You do n't see that out of me a lot so when it happens , it 's a big surprise . "
Because of James ' uncertain future , Game 5 may have been his last at home for Cleveland and it has set up Game 6 as the most important in franchise history :
Win and force Game 7 on Sunday in Cleveland ; lose and maybe watch James , the local kid trying to deliver this city its first pro championship since 1964 , leave for good .
" Our backs are against the wall , " James said .
" We 've won on that floor before and we 've got to get it done . "
As for this potentially being his last game in Cleveland , James added : " I did n't even think about that .
Me sitting up here and saying this is potentially our last game here this season , that would n't be me and that would n't be our team . "
Rondo , coming off a 29 - point , 18 - rebound , 13 - assist performance in Game 4 , was held without a point in the first half as the Cavs concentrated their defense on stopping the point guard from penetrating into the paint .
He finally got loose in the third , scoring 12 as the Celtics opened a 21 - point lead .
Boston went up by 24 in the fourth , sending battered Cleveland fans toward the exits .
James finally checked out with 3:58 left and the Celtics leading by 27 .
He shrugged his shoulders and slapped hands with Cleveland 's coaches and teammate Shaquille O'Neal , who had 21 points and afterward stated the obvious .
" It 's plain and simple , " said O'Neal , who came to Cleveland determined " to win a ring for the King . "
" We 've got to win two in a row .
We 've got to man up .
I 've been in this situation before . "
Before the game , Celtics coach Doc Rivers said his team would not change its strategy .
The boys agreed to write letters of apology
Police have formally warned six boys aged between 11 and 14 after footage of a 10 - year - old girl being assaulted was posted on the internet .
Officers in Suffolk intervened after the girl 's mother complained about the attack filmed in Hadleigh , a police spokeswoman said .
After questioning , the boys agreed to write letters of apology , she added .
The boys were dealt with using " community resolution " , an alternative way of dealing with less serious crime .
2 chickens , cut into 1/8ths 2 teaspoons granulated garlic 2 teaspoons granulated garlic 1 teaspoon pepper 1 teaspoon pepper 4 teaspoons paprika 4 teaspoons paprika cnxps.cmd.push( function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ; 1 jar ( 40 oz . ) duck sauce ( Cantonese or Szechuan , depending on your tastes ) 1 jar ( 40 oz . ) duck sauce ( Cantonese or Szechuan , depending on your tastes )
5 apples , sliced 1 stick ( 1/2 cup ) margarine , cut into pieces 1 stick ( 1/2 cup ) margarine , cut into pieces 1 cup sugar 1 cup sugar 1 cup flour 1 cup flour 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 box Duncan Hines classic yellow cake mix 1/2 cup oil
2 eggs 1/2 cup oil2 eggs 1 cup coconut 1 cup coconut 1 cup chocolate chips 1 cup chocolate chips
Article provided by www.gourmetkoshercooking.com
No sooner does Shavuot end then it ’s time to beginning preparing for Shabbat , especially if you live in the Diaspora and have a two - day chag .
On those occasions , it ’s good to have some easy ( but delicious ) recipes in your back pocket .
Here are a few that I think will fit the bill :
Even though I make many gourmet recipes , this simple one is the biggest hit , with guests always helping themselves to seconds and asking for the recipe !
Preheat oven to 350 degrees .
Sprinkle chickens with the spices .
Bake for half an hour .
Remove from oven and cover with entire jar of duck sauce .
Bake for 2 more hours , basting half - way through .
Line a 9 - inch pan with apples .
Pulse together margarine , sugar and flour in a food processor to make the streusel topping and crumble on top of the apples .
Sprinkle with cinnamon .
Bake for one hour at 350 degrees .
( I also make up separate batches of the streusel topping and frequently put it on top of my challah before I bake it . )
My mother gave me this recipe , and I always keep a yellow cake mix in the house so I can whip these up at the last minute or on request .
The truth is that my kids make them now .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees .
Mix all ingredients together , either with an electric mixer or by hand .
Drop by tablespoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets .
Bake for about 10 minutes – until top is no longer shiny .
Let sit on cookie sheets for a few minute ; then remove to wire racks to finish cooling .
Eat one now or there wo n’t be any left for you to try later !
Welcome !
If you love creativity , beauty and nature , then come share , learn and join us .
Find the real life comedic inspiration - two Bourke Parrots , a 120 pound Leonberger dog and a 10 pound Chihuahua - Pomeranian - Papillion - One - of - a- Kinder - dog , and a patient husband - behind the artwork , books , music lyrics and gardening adventures of internationally published and licensed artist and author M. Nicole van Dam .
Not every illegal immigrant in the United States snuck across the border .
A very large number , perhaps as many as 5.5 million , entered legally with visas and then never left .
But unlike the hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants apprehended at the border every year , very few visa violators are ever caught .
The Border Patrol 's Tucson sector , the busiest in the nation , logged 112,488 apprehensions last fiscal year .
In comparison , federal agents in Arizona tracked down and arrested 27 people who had overstayed their visas .
Visa violators represent nearly half of the 11 million illegal immigrants in the country .
But they have been largely ignored amid a national clamor to secure the border , fueled in part by Arizona 's tough new immigration law , the killing of a southern Arizona rancher and worries that cartel violence in Mexico could spill into this country , analysts and experts say .
" It 's not that we have too much emphasis on the border .
We still need enforcement on the border .
The problem is not enough attention to the other issue , " said Michael W. Cutler , a former senior agent with the Immigration and Naturalization Service , which became Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
In the past five years , the number of Border Patrol agents stationed along the U.S. - Mexico line has doubled , to more than 20,000 people .
That 's the highest level of staffing in the Border Patrol 's 85 - year history .
And Arizona politicians including Republican Gov. Jan Brewer , Republican Sens. John McCain and Jon Kyl , and Democratic Reps. Gabrielle Giffords and Ann Kirkpatrick have called for deploying the National Guard to the border , too .
There has been no corresponding call to increase the search for those who overstay visas .
In 2003 , Immigration and Customs Enforcement created a special unit to track down visa violators .
Funding grew from $ 6.7 million the first year to $ 68.3 million in fiscal year 2009 , according to testimony in March by Assistant Homeland Security Secretary for ICE John Morton to the House Homeland Security Committee .
Investigators analyze records of hundreds of thousands of potential violators based on data from various government databases that keep track of students , tourists and other people who enter the U.S.
On average , the 272 investigators assigned to the unit arrest 1,400 visa violators a year , Morton said .
ICE officials said the number of overstayers arrested each year has steadily risen , though they could not provide details .
Lon Weigand , assistant special agent in charge of ICE investigations in Phoenix , said most of the 27 visa violators in Arizona last year had overstayed tourist visas .
ICE could not say whether that was up or down from previous years .
Border emphasis
A USA Today / Gallup poll released May 4 showed that four in 10 Americans think it is extremely important for the government to do more this year to control U.S. borders .
McCain , who sits on the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee , said illegal immigrants who overstay their visas are a " serious problem . "
But " certainly not along the lines of what is happening on our border , though , " McCain said , mentioning the killing of rancher Robert Krentz and the April 30 wounding of a Pinal County sheriff 's deputy .
Drug smugglers are suspected in both incidents .
There also are fears that the increasing cartel violence in Mexico , where tens of thousands have been killed since the 2006 war on drugs began , could spill over the border .
" We 've got drug smuggling .
We 've got murder .
We 've got abuse of human rights and human smugglers .
We 've got heavily armed and equipped organizations that are responsible for the deaths of 22,000 Mexican citizens , " McCain said .
Cutler , the former immigration agent , likened the attention heaped on border security to a wing on an airplane .
" Without the wing , the plane wo n't fly .
But the wing alone does not constitute an airplane , " he said .
Kirkpatrick , who sits on the House Homeland Security Committee , said the attention to the border is justified .
" The risk of violence spilling into Arizona is clearly there .
I am not going to wait for that risk to become a reality or for that problem to come to us , " she said .
But she acknowledged that more attention needs to be paid to visa violators , especially keeping better track of people who do n't leave after their visas expire .
In general , people from other countries must obtain a visa to come to the United States as a student , tourist or businessperson .
They are required to fill out an I - 94 form when they arrive and turn it in when they leave .
People from 36 " visa waiver " countries , including Britain , Spain and Ireland , are not required to obtain a visa if they plan to stay for less than 90 days for tourist or business purposes .
" The ease in which people can overstay their visas is a significant security threat , " Kirkpatrick said .
Less focus on interior
The Pew Hispanic Center estimates that 40 to 50 percent of the nation 's 11 million illegal immigrants entered the country legally .
As of May 2006 , the most current data available , 4 million to 5.5 million people had entered the U.S. legally and then remained after their visas had expired .
An additional 250,000 to 500,000 people entered legally with temporary border - crossing cards and then stayed .
" Building fences and stopping people from sneaking into the country only goes part way , " said Jeffrey Passel , senior demographer at the center who studies the undocumented population .
Passel said 35 million people come to the U.S. with visas every year for extended stays .
On top of that , there are millions of people who cross through land ports each year for short visits , making it difficult to keep track of everyone who enters and leaves .
" We allow this because it is good for the country .
We want tourists to come here .
We want students to come , " Passel said .
" But even if 99 percent turn around and leave , " a significant number remain .
Gerald Burridge 58 , an illegal immigrant from Britain , entered the U.S. on a three - year visitor 's visa in 2003 and stayed after it expired .
Interviewed at the ICE facility on Central Avenue in Phoenix , Burridge said he was arrested for failing to pay a drug - related fine and now is facing deportation .
Jena McNeill , a policy analyst for the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank , said that because most people overstay their visas to work illegally in the U.S. , tracking those who enter and leave does little to solve the problem without also beefing up work - site enforcement .
" There are things we need to do at the border , but we need to get serious about interior enforcement , " McNeill said .
Republic photographer Nick Oza contributed to this article .
Five paintings by Picasso , Matisse and other great artists have been stolen from the Museum of Modern Art in Paris , French officials say .
The paintings are estimated to be worth just under 100 m euros ( £ 86 m ; $ 123 m ) .
They were taken overnight on Wednesday and reported missing early on Thursday , officials say .
The museum , across the River Seine from the Eiffel Tower , has been cordoned off by investigators .
Image caption
One of the stolen paintings was Picasso's Dove with Peas ( Photo : Bridgeman Art Library )
In pictures : Stolen masterpieces
Security camera footage reportedly shows someone entering the museum through a window during the night .
" This is a serious crime to the heritage of humanity , " Christophe Girard , deputy culture secretary at the Paris Town Hall , told a news conference .
The theft was committed by " one or more individuals who were obviously organised " , Mr Girard said .
He added that investigators were looking into how the museum 's security system and several guards were outsmarted by the thief or thieves .
Mr Girard put the value of the stolen paintings at just under 100 m euros ( £ 86 m ; $ 123 m ) .
They had earlier been estimated to be worth some 500 m euros ( £ 431 m ; $ 618 m ) .
The five missing paintings are Dove with Green Peas by Pablo Picasso ( painted in 1911 ) , Pastoral by Henri Matisse ( 1906 ) , Olive Tree near l'Estaque by Georges Braque ( 1906 ) , Woman with Fan by Amedeo Modigliani ( 1919 ) and Still Life with Candlestick by Fernand Leger ( 1922 ) .
Broken padlock
Museum officials discovered the theft early on Thursday , when they found a smashed window and a broken padlock which had been cut to gain access to the five paintings .
GREAT ART HEISTS February 2008 : Four paintings by Cezanne , Degas , Van Gogh and Monet are stolen from the EG Buehrle Collection , a private museum in Zurich .
The Van Gogh and Monet paintings were recovered
August 2004 : Two paintings by Edvard Munch , The Scream and Madonna , are stolen from the Munch Museum in Oslo .
Recovered two years later
April 1991 : Twenty paintings are stolen from the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam .
Found shortly afterwards in abandoned car nearby
March 1990 : Works by Vermeer , Rembrandt and Manet are stolen from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston .
Still lost
It is the biggest heist since the 1990 theft at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston of a Vermeer , several Rembrandts , Degas and other masterpiece .
None of these works has yet been recovered .
Though there is often speculation that works have been " stolen to order " for dishonest collectors , experts in the field say that in reality this is very unusual .
Investigators think that international criminal gangs use art works effectively as a form of currency .
For criminals dealing in drugs or weapons , a rolled - up painting is a way of carrying very large amounts of " currency " , even if it is one tenth of the value at auction , the BBC 's arts correspondent adds .
The Museum of Modern Art of the City of Paris , located in the east wing of the Palais de Tokyo building , is separate from the bigger and better - known national collection of modern art at the Pompidou Centre .
ANALYSIS : WHAT THE PICTURES TELL US .
If you wanted to start a museum of modern art these five paintings would be high on your list of acquisitions .
Between them they tell the story of modern art 's emergence , says the BBC arts editor Will Gompertz .
PASTORAL BY HENRI MATISSE ( 1906 )
Image caption Pastoral painted by Henri Matisse in 1906
Henri Matisse's Pastoral has the hallmarks of the Impressionists - painted outside or " en plein air " , with loose brushstrokes and an everyday , realistic subject .
What marks it out from the work of the early Impressionists is the bright , unnatural colours , which he has used to express the scene as he sees and feels it .
This was called Fauvism .
OLIVE TREE NEAR L'ESTAQUE - GEORGES BRAQUE ( 1906 )
Image caption Olive Tree near l'Estaque painted by Georges Braque in 1906
Georges Braque was inspired by the work of Matisse and developed his own Fauvist style which can be seen in the painting Olive Tree Near L'Estaque .
What is of particular interest about this work is the date Braque painted it - 1906 .
That is the year Paul Cezanne died , and it was his later paintings that inspired Braque to develop one of modern art 's most famous movements .
By 1907 , Braque was painting similar scenes but his style had changed .
Together with Picasso they had started to define Cubism .
DOVE WITH GREEN PEAS - PABLO PICASSO ( 1911 )
Image caption Dove with Green Peas painted by Pablo Picasso in 1911
Picasso's Dove with Peas makes sense as the next painting to have , as it is a classic example of Cubism in its pomp .
By this stage Braque and Picasso had been joined by Fernand Leger as the other great exponent of Cubist art and techniques .
But Leger became disillusioned with the increasingly abstract nature of the Cubists ' work .
During World War I , he chose to renounce abstraction and instead focus on painting common objects in bold colours .
STILL LIFE WITH CANDLESTICK - FERNAND LEGER ( 1922 )
Image caption Still Life with Candlestick painted by Fernand Leger in 1922
As you can see in the next painting that was stolen - Still Life with Candlestick - Leger has retained the influence of Cubism while incorporating the saturated colours of the Fuaves .
But by combining the two and adding his artistic developments the work moves towards modernism .
Woman with Fan - Amedeo Modigliani ( 1919 )
Image caption Woman with Fan painted by Amedeo Modigliani in 1919
Amedeo Modigliani was the fifth artist to be targeted by the thieves .
They chose a work he painted in 1919 , Woman with Fan .
He died a year later at the age of 35 , having contracted tuberculosis .
Modigliani's portrait of his friend shows him using restrained colours out of respect for her and using " S " shapes to accentuate her graceful pose .
As Matisse used colour to express his feelings for his subject , so Modigliani used distortion .
Both fit within the expressionist movement inspired by the work of Vincent Van Gogh .
Login or Register Login to Playlists.net using Spotify , Facebook or Twitter .
or login using your Playlists .
net account :
VIDEO : Watch Obama And Leno Stand - Ups
The First Yuckster at the White House Correspondents Dinner tonight taunted Jay Leno before The Tonight Show host took the podium .
“ I am glad that the only person whose ratings fell more than mine is here tonight .
Great to see you , Jay .
I ’m also glad that I ’m speaking first — because we ’ve all seen what happens when somebody takes the time slot after Leno . ”
Jay was seen laughing , turning red , and then standing up and saying to the people around him , “ Goodnight , everybody . ”
Leno quickly tried to return the favor during his 4th stand - up appearance at the dinner .
But I ca n’t point to single joke that killed with the crowd .
Instead , Leno ’s barbs aimed at Obama were mostly dull like this : “ When you were elected , I was a little worried the comedy well had dried up .
So thank you for picking Joe Biden .
I appreciate that . ”
And Leno ’s voice grew soft when he mentioned that “ President Obama loves to socialize — health care , car companies ” , or that “ he has the most diverse staff at the White House .
They represent every ward in Chicago . ”
As if Jay were embarrassed to get in any real digs at the Prez .
The laughs were few and far between despite Leno using a mutimedia combination of traditional punchlines , sight gags , and video mashups just like he does on The Tonight Show .
Leno ’s blandness meant he took only gentle aim at both the Democrats and the Republicans .
Although this joke got perhaps the night ’s biggest laugh : “ As you know , a lot of Republicans could n’t be here tonight because it is $ 1 drink night at the bondage clubs . ”
Then Leno gave a shout - out to GOP party chairman Michael Steele , noting , “ This has got to be pretty boring entertainment for you , is n’t it ?
I know what you guys are used to .
That was my favorite story : Republicans in a lesbian bondage club .
Republicans do n’t want lesbians marrying , but they do like to watch them tie the knot . ”
And then Jay continued , “ Washington is a very scary place .
Between Republicans going to bondage clubs , and the SEC looking at porn , I cant wait to get back to Hollywood — somewhere wholesome , where people have values . ”
A joke about Obama ’s inability to throw a decent baseball pitch elicited audible groans from the audience ( or maybe just the NBCU table ) :
The President “ had just come from an interview on MSNBC , and he was used to softballs . ”
When Jay heard the bad reaction , he added , “ I ’m going to get fired again . ”
And towards the end of his routine , knowing that his jokes had fallen flat for the most part , Jay complained , “ Ooh , this is a tough room . ”
Like , duh .
Can the British curry take off in India ?
British curries are being described as milder and healthier than Indian versions
At a festival in Calcutta , British chefs are bringing their version of curries back to India .
But will the British curry prove a hit with those used to the real thing , asks the BBC's Rahul Tandon .
The British curry has come home .
As you walk into one of Calcutta 's top restaurants there are huge posters encouraging food lovers to give it a chance .
Syed Bilal Ahmed , director of the Taste of Britain Curry Festival , says the British curry is " healthier , has better ingredients , and is milder " than the Indian version .
Mr Ahmed , however , is slightly nervous .
Indians love their food and they may not take kindly to chefs from abroad - even if they are of South Asian origin - turning up and telling them how to cook .
Shaun Kenworthy , a British - trained chef now based in Calcutta , says he once considered opening a restaurant which combined British and Indian flavours , but is now convinced it would not work .
" I think people are so used to what they have eaten all their lives , to change it is almost a sin , " he said .
" The kind of yellow dhal ( lentils ) they have , or chicken makhani ( mild curry ) , have to be cooked a certain way and they can not be any different . "
Billion - pound business Curries are hugely popular in Britain
But those behind the food festival are ready for the challenge .
Over the past 30 years they have made the curry Britain 's national dish .
The chicken tikka masala and the balti have become as popular in Britain as the most traditional of dishes - fish and chips .
It is also now big business , bringing in around £ 4.2 bn ( $ 6.44 bn ) in revenue every year and employing more than 100,000 people , according to Syed Nahas Pasha , editor - in - chief of Curry Life magazine .
To showcase these dishes , some of Britain 's top curry chefs are here .
Partha Mitra , a chef from Chester , is hard at work in the kitchen , cooking up a balti dish .
It originated in Pakistan , but he tells me that it has been adapted for the British palate .
" It has less oil , less spices , less colour and less salt and sugar .
That means you can eat more curries and that 's more money for us , " he explains .
So , what else is on the menu ?
Mr Mitra shows me a lamb dish that appears to be floating on a pale - coloured sauce .
It is a traditional roast lamb marinated in a combination of British herbs and Indian spices and an apricot curry sauce .
Basically , it is an anglicised version of a traditional Parsee dish .
" People might think it is a strange concept - but they will like the flavours and the tastes , " Mr Mitra says .
" Bringing curries back to India is a little weird , but I am sure we will do well . "
' Bit bland '
And they seem to be - the restaurant is busy .
Indian fish and chips may not prove as popular as the original dish in Britain In Calcutta , a city of food - lovers , many have come for the novelty factor .
Supta
Sen says she enjoyed her balti dish , but is a bit confused .
" There is a contradiction here , as when we hear the word ' curry ' we expect it to be spicy , but then we hear the word ' British ' and we have no idea what to expect .
But it 's nice - mild , " she explains .
Her friend , Suman Bose , agrees .
" For Indians who eat out a lot , this works - something milder is heaven , " he says .
" But Indians who like their spices will finds this a bit bland . "
So a cautious thumbs - up from these diners .
Mixed cuisine
And , if the festival proves successful you may see a British curry restaurant opening up in India .
Murad Chaudhry is a restaurateur in the UK .
" Over the years all the big restaurants have come over to India and taken the best chefs back over to England , " he says .
" They have an opportunity to develop their ideas and that is why the food in England is more exciting . "
He also believes that as there are chefs from India , Pakistan and Bangladesh in Britain , they can learn from one another 's cuisine - something which is not possible in South Asia .
There are of course many regional variations of the curry .
The British one may be the newest , but who knows ?
In a few years it may just conquer India .
Here in Calcutta at least , the curry coming home has been a success .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
But conservative moralisers rarely acknowledge this .
Instead they tend to hinge their arguments on the patronising , victimised view of children as inherently vulnerable and corruptible .
Even worse , by using the figure of the innocent child as a political pawn to advance their own agenda , conservatives are guilty of exploiting children .
And when you think about it , it is a cunning move because anyone who disagrees with the censorship plan is instantly cast as being anti-child welfare , or worse , pro-paedophilia .
But this only silences and skews debate .
As someone who lobbies fiercely for the rights of survivors of sexual assault and young people in general , I can say that the best way to protect children is to stop talking about them as though they are vulnerable Oliver Twist - type caricatures awaiting corruption by the big bad world .
Instead , we should start talking with our children and empowering them by building on their strengths and by providing them with practical tools to negotiate the online world .
And here is the sad reality .
The proposed censorship plan is not going to stop paedophilia or child exploitation .
This is because most paedophilia is committed by a person who is known to the child and who has direct access to the child — most often this is a family member .
Similarly most of the illegal pornographic content on the internet is actually being transmitted through decentralised , peer - to - peer networks and these networks will continue to operate irrespective of the proposed filter .
In short , Senator Conroy 's proposed censorship plan is not going to succeed in what it has been designed to achieve .
It will be an expensive , unpopular mistake .
It is important , though , that we continue to have conversations about children , pornography and unwanted sexual advances .
In recent years the stereotype of the trenchcoat - clad paedophile who lurks around public parks armed with lollies and other enticing sweets has been replaced by the equally cliched image of the internet - addicted paedophile who trolls chatrooms looking for vulnerable children .
There is no question that sexual predators use the internet to groom potential victims .
There is also no question that paedophiles are using the internet to network and to share resources as well as the hideous tips and techniques they use .
But when talking to young people about online interactions , it is important that we keep in mind the fact that the most frequent unwanted sexual advances made against young people online , are actually being made by their peers .
As adults we often dismiss such advances as being harmless sexual socialisation and flirtation .
But there is no reason to assume that it is easier for young people to negotiate and deflect the unwanted advances made by peers compared to those made by strangers — no matter how calculating those strangers are .
It is also problematic to assume that those advances are not experienced as intimidating and coercive , simply because they are being made by their peers .
On the contrary knowing how to negotiate a sexual advance made by a peer or a friend may be far more difficult than telling a complete stranger to back off .
Fear of rejection , fear of ostracism within peer networks , and fear of appearing prudish make it very difficult for young people to navigate the complex social dynamics that frame their online lives .
While it 's important that we remain vigilant about adult sexual offenders then , it is also important that we acknowledge the wide range of experiences that young people have , and that we do not ignore certain behaviours simply because those behaviours do n't conform to out stereotyped views of what sexual offences look like .
It is also important that we do n't demonise the internet .
For young people everywhere online communication and social networking sites form an important part of social identity construction and it's not realistic to simply ban children from connecting and communicating online .
The answer , as usual , is that we should talk with young people , listen to their concerns and allow them the space to think through and reflect on their own experiences .
Navigating internet traffic and sexual encounters is never easy , but that 's precisely why we need to start young by arming children and teens with as much age - appropriate information as possible .
Most importantly , it 's vital that hysteria and panic is replaced by education and reasoned discussion .
Nina Funnell is a media researcher at the University of New South Wales .
Google has crippled its search suggestions tool for some search terms that refer to particular races and / or nationalities of people .
The company says it ’s a deliberate move based on Google ’s policy against violence and hate speech , and not a technical bug like the one that led the phrase “ islam is ” to be disabled earlier this year .
More on that in a moment ; first , here ’s what ’s happening .
Searches for some queries that combine a race / nationality and the word “ are ” are no longer showing any Google search suggestions .
You can see below that typing “ muslims are ” into Google ’s search box shows suggestions until the word “ are ” appears .
The same thing happens on phrases like “ jews are , ” “ americans are , ” “ christians are , ” and “ african americans are . ”
When asked about the disabled search suggestions , a Google spokesperson quoted some of what ’s explained on the help page about Google Suggest :
The search queries that you see as part of Google Suggest are a reflection of the search activity of all web users .
While we always strive to neutrally and objectively reflect the diversity of content on the web ( some good , some objectionable ) , we also apply a narrow set of removal policies for pornography , violence , and hate speech .
We do n’t know how many nationalities / races are affected by this , nor when it began , but some still have their search suggestions active with the word “ are . ”
I quickly found these two examples :
Earlier this year , the phrase “ islam is ” stopped showing search suggestions , too .
Google told us that was a technical bug , and that search does , in fact , show search suggestions now .
As you can see , most of those suggestions are negative .
The suggestions for “ christianity is ” and similar phrases are also highly unfavorable , which suggests that Google is saying its hate speech policy applies to individuals ( i.e. , “ muslims are ” ) but not to entities ( i.e. , “ islam is ” ) .
( via Search Engine Roundtable )
Bruce Beresford - Redman is a successful reality TV show producer , and his wife , Monica , owned a popular Brazilian nightclub and restaurant on the Westside .
Bruce Beresford - Redman is a successful reality TV show producer , and his wife , Monica , owned a popular Brazilian nightclub and restaurant on the Westside .
Over the weekend , the couple left Los Angeles for a trip to Cancun .
Family members said they were trying to repair a marriage that had been fraying in recent months .
Then on Tuesday , Beresford - Redman reported his wife missing .
He and Mexican authorities launched a search .
On Wednesday night , he was optimistic in an interview with a Los Angeles television station .
" I 'm very hopeful someone will find my wife very soon , ” he told KCAL - TV Channel 9 .
“ She still has n't been located and we 're looking . ”
On Thursday , police found her body in a sewer at the resort where they were staying .
Mexican prosecutors said she appeared to have been strangled .
Beresford - Redman has been detained for questioning and is a suspect , authorities say .
SEOUL — Life has been a roller coaster for Kim Yong - chul since he began talking about Samsung Electronics two and a half years ago .
He has been celebrated by some as a whistle - blower , but in a culture that emphasizes workers ’ loyalty to their employers , he has also been vilified as a traitor driven by personal grudges .
That was before Mr. Kim ’s 474 - page exposé , “ Think Samsung , ” hit stores in February .
The book makes sensational allegations of extensive corruption by Lee Kun -hee , the richest man in South Korea and the chairman of Samsung Electronics , the world ’s largest technology company by revenue .
Samsung is the most sacrosanct — and yet often mistrusted — company in South Korea .
Since the book ’s release , the country ’s major newspapers and Web sites have refused to carry advertisements for it , and few South Korean publications have reviewed it .
One newspaper reported on its popularity — it became a best seller , thanks to strong word of mouth on blogs and Twitter — but did not print its title or detail its allegations .
“ Is n’t this a comedy ? ” Mr. Kim , 52 , said in an interview .
“ I am challenging them to slap my face , to file a libel suit against me , but they do n’t .
They treat me like a nut case , an invisible man , although I am shouting about the biggest crime in the history of the nation . ”
Port Fourchon , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
It sounds like a Hollywood movie .
An impending disaster -- think the disabled spacecraft in " Apollo 13 " or the asteroid hurtling toward Earth in " Armageddon " -- prompts a daring intervention by engineers to save the day .
This time , the threat is oil gushing from a broken well on the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico that could destroy livelihoods and irreplaceable coastal wetlands .
Equally real is the attempted engineering marvel -- a four - story metal container that will be lowered onto the leaking pipe to try to suck in the flowing oil .
Officials of BP , the oil giant that owns the leaking well , said Monday they plan to try the unprecedented effort this week .
If successful , they say , the " pollution containment chamber " could reduce the underwater gusher by more than 80 percent and provide the first success in industry and government efforts to control the spill that began April 20 with an explosion and fire on an offshore rig .
" Everyone 's committed to getting this stopped so we can just focus on a cleanup , " said Doug Suttles , the BP chief operating officer .
KATC : Gulf shrimp season to temporarily close
The challenges are vast and varied , reflecting the scope of the problem .
The gushing well is 5,000 feet under water at the bottom of the ocean , where the immense pressure makes it impossible for humans to work .
So far , unmanned submarines called " remote operation vehicles " have been trying unsuccessfully to fix a defective " blowout preventer " -- the failsafe gadget that should have prevented the leak in the first place .
Now BP has started drilling a relief well that eventually could allow them to close off the broken well .
However , that would take at least two months to work , Suttles said .
KNOE : Community rallies around rig families
That leaves the pollution containment chamber , a 100 - ton , 40 - foot - tall rust brown device that workers were still putting together Monday in the Port Fourchon , Louisiana , workyard , where welders ' torches showered sparks as gulls flew overhead .
It is the biggest such chamber ever constructed , BP officials say .
Their plan is to lower the chamber to the ocean floor where the biggest of three leaks in the well 's underwater piping occurs .
It would straddle the pipe and lock itself into the seabed , so that the leaking oil goes into the chamber itself .
Then the question becomes how to pipe it up to a giant tanker on the surface , 5,000 feet up .
It is by far the deepest attempted use ever of such a containment chamber , according to BP officials .
" This has been done in shallow water ; it 's never been done in deep water before , " Suttles said .
The engineers will rely in part on the laws of physics to their advantage , Suttles said .
Because water pressure is greater than oil pressure , it should help push the oil to the surface , he said .
If all goes well , the containment chamber could be in place and hopefully pumping up much of the spilling oil by the end of the week , Suttles said .
BP workers also are building a smaller containment chamber for another leak in the pipe , he said , and hope to close a third leak with a shutoff valve as soon as Tuesday .
So far , an estimated 2.6 million gallons of oil , roughly 60,000 barrels , has spilled into the Gulf of Mexico , forming a slick the size of the state of Delaware .
The oil continues to gush at a rate of at least 5,000 barrels a day , authorities estimate , and the growing slick could come ashore at any time to destroy sensitive wetlands that are vital for the huge local fishing industry and other resources .
CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this story .
BAGHDAD , July 11 ( Reuters ) - Reuters has urged the U.S. military to hand over video footage from U.S. attack helicopters and other materials relating to the killing of two Iraqi staff in Baghdad a year ago .
Photographer Namir Noor - Eldeen , 22 , and driver Saeed Chmagh , 40 , were killed in a U.S. helicopter air strike in eastern Baghdad on July 12 , 2007 .
Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh had gone to the area after hearing of a military raid on a building around dawn that day , and were with a group of men at the time .
It is believed two or three of these men may have been carrying weapons , although witnesses said none were assuming a hostile posture .
The U.S. military said the helicopter attack , in which nine other people were killed , occurred after security forces came under fire .
Video of the incident from two U.S. Apache helicopters and photographs taken of the scene were shown to Reuters editors in Baghdad on July 25 , 2007 in an off - the - record briefing .
U.S. military officers who presented the materials said Reuters had to make a request under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) to get copies .
This request was made the same day .
" It has now been approximately one year since our original request was submitted and we still have not received a formal response or written initial determination in accordance with FOIA 's statutory requirements , " Reuters News Chief Counsel Thomas Kim wrote in a letter to the U.S. Central Command .
Reuters wants all the materials to be able to study closely what happened .
Access to the video could also help improve Reuters ' safety policies in Iraq , the world 's most dangerous country for journalists .
Indeed , Kim noted that a recent Pentagon probe into the killing of another Reuters journalist by U.S. troops in Baghdad in 2005 identified a " serious inconsistency " between media safety practices and the expectations of U.S. forces in Iraq .
That report , by the Defense Department 's inspector general , the Pentagon 's watchdog agency , predicted additional shootings were " likely to reoccur " unless the situation was resolved .
" The materials requested by this FOIA request may contain information relevant to the recommendations for avoiding a re-occurrence of this tragedy ; accordingly , we believe that there is a compelling need for their release and that such release should be made as quickly as possible , " Kim wrote .
There had been reports of clashes between U.S. forces and gunmen but there was no fighting on the streets in which Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh were moving about with the group of men .
Besides Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh , four other journalists working for Reuters have been killed by American soldiers in Iraq since the U.S. - led invasion in 2003 .
The U.S. military has said its troops acted lawfully in all those cases .
An Iraqi working as a translator for Reuters was also shot dead by unknown gunmen in Baghdad on July 11 , 2007 .
At least 179 reporters and media assistants have been killed in Iraq since the invasion , according to the New York - based Committee to Protect Journalists .
Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh were much loved members of the Reuters Baghdad bureau .
Via
Ace , whose post you should read if only for the brilliance of his headline .
Some of you will be tempted twice over to skip this :
It ’s long , and you ’ve already seen the most dramatic bit .
Do n’t skip it .
Force yourself through it , because it happens to be one of the most genuinely depressing clips ever posted on Hot Air .
Everything about this is an utter , unmitigated disgrace — the attack on Vilks , the excruciating passivity of most of the crowd , the sheer thuggery of these shrieking , lunatic , barbarian bastards , and of course the killer moment at around 8:45 when they win .
Do note , too , how the Aggrieved alternate between vicious threats and civil rights , warning the cops against brutality and reminding them that they pay taxes too .
That ’s a familiar pattern nine years after 9/11 .
They ’d have torn Vilks apart with their bare hands if they could have but they ’re all about proper procedure , you see .
It ’s almost not worth noting the media double standard applied to violence by “ sympathetic ” groups versus unsympathetic groups , but Ace did note it so go read his post .
Needless to say , everyone associated with the decision to stop the film should be fired immediately .
Update : At Reason , Mark Goldblatt ’s had enough :
" This brings the total in Tanzania to 57 murders and six attempted murders , where victims lost limbs .
In Burundi the total is 14 murders .
These are only the documented cases .
The numbers are likely much higher - estimates suggesting well over a hundred in the last two years , " the NGO said .
The Raven Introduction
You know what ’s a good way to think about “ The Raven ” ?
As a one - hit wonder — or rather , the biggest one - hit wonderiest wonder that ever wondered .
Because , really , that ’s exactly what it was back in the day of its publication .
Edgar Allan
Poe was already a working writer , trying to make a living by the pen in the U.S. back in the days before intellectual property was protected by law .
Back then , it was n't easy making the big bucks off the written word , because without copyright laws , publishers could just pirate some stuff from England for free rather than actually pay money to some American author to , you know , author .
So as a starving artist , Poe earned just enough to survive on , writing some poems , spooky stories , and some super sharp and stabby criticism of other people ’s work .
Nothing too fancy .
Then , wham - bam , in 1845 , he published “ The Raven ” in two newspapers at once .
It 's a lyrical narrative poem about a student who goes crazy questioning a bird about his lost love Lenore and only ever getting one answer : “ Nevermore . ”
And the thing took off like wildfire ( we guess people like their birds taciturn ) .
In the course of a few months , it was published over and over again , in newspaper after newspaper .
By the end of the century , it would be translated into almost every European language .
And in between ?
It became the most popular and famous lyrical poem from America .
Not only that , but its crazy popularity spawned a whole cottage industry of “ The Raven ” merchandise .
Well , okay , not merchandise per se .
Sadly for Poe , who never made much money from the poem , there were n't really any hats or t- shirts or key chains — just reams and reams of books and myths and lore about the poem , most if which was written after Poe ’s death in 1849 .
This flood was kicked off by Poe ’s longtime frenemy Rufus Griswold , who used Poe ’s death as an occasion for his signature jerk move : writing an obituary that was actually a series of attacks , accusing Poe of being immoral , crazy , and depressive .
Somehow , though , this takedown was totally reframed by other folks almost immediately , and things ended up turning out okay for the late Poe .
Because you know what “ immoral , crazy , and depressive ” sounds like ?
That ’s right , it sounds just like all the other moody heroes of the Romantic Movement : Byron , Keats , and Shelley .
Throw in the word “ genius ” , like other Poe obituaries did , and you ’ve got yourself a bona fide star .
To this day “ The Raven ” is surrounded by legend and controversy .
Was Poe a plagiarist ?
Did he steal the raven from Dickens ’s “ Barnaby Rudge ” and his meter and rhyme scheme from Elizabeth Barrett Browning ?
Did he write it alone ?
With the help of some other poet ?
With the help of random strangers at a bar ?
There are endless criticisms answering all of these questions and generating still others .
So will there ever be complete factual account of " The Raven " ?
Say it with us now , “ Nevermore . ”
I 'd say " Wow , that was quick ! " but then I remembered that the episode aired two weeks ago in the U.K .
Very nice , but I kinda liked the " To Victory ! " poster from the actual episode better , though .
With The Tree of Life , Terrence Malick , the mysterious director no one knew about save for film buffs , will be on the tip of everybody 's tongue come the awards season of 2011 .
This great piece in the WSJ reflects what Austrians have been saying for decades .
There is no need for governments to break up natural monopolies , the market will take care of that when the consumers ’ needs are n’t being fulfilled .
According to the article , cork producers had a huge monopoly and were n’t responsive to complaints about “ corked wine . ”
“ By the 1990s , retailers and wineries were clamoring for a solution to wine taint but the cork industry did n’t respond .
“ No industry with 95 % to 97 % market share is going to see its propensity to listen increase — and that ’s what happened to us , ” says Mr. de Jesus from Amorim . ”
Their complacency opened the door for competitors to find a way to produce a viable synthetic cork .
Mr. Noel and other plastics innovators realized was that they could use new technology to make a new kind of closure .
Plastic corks had been tried in the past — but were largely rejected because they were made of solid plastic , which can be difficult to insert and extract and can leave gaps around the edges that are prone to leaks .
The synthetic cork industry rapidly stole marketshare while the indolent natural - cork industry stood by .
“ Synthetics solved a problem , ” says Mark Coleman , director of business development for Neocork , founded by investors representing five California wineries and now selling stoppers in 22 countries .
Mr. Coleman says the U.S. in particular embraced plastic :
He estimates half of the top 30 selling brands in the U.S. now use synthetic corks
The natural - cork industry now recognizes the threat posed by both screw - caps and synthetic corks and is conducting extensive research into better bottling & corking techniques while launching a massive campaign to win back users .
“ For centuries winemakers have simply filled bottles by gravity and then popped in a cork .
And by and large , they have gotten away with it , ” the magazine noted .
It then delved into the latest research , some coordinated by Nomacorc , which is focused on studying what happens to wine once it ’s bottled .
“ Enhanced knowledge about the interaction between oxygen and wine is likely to result in more wines reaching consumers in optimal condition , which has to be a good thing , ”
The wine industry was once at the mercy of a seemingly invincible monopoly that was unresponsive to consumer demands .
Now consumers , retailers and vineyards have good alternatives to natural cork .
The damage done by competitors forced the monopoly to innovate , research and respond to consumers .
All of this was accomplished without any government swooping in to save us with legislation , regulation , nationalization or trust - busting ; its not a miracle , its the market .
A while back GeekDad Matt Blum postulated on The 10 Most Useful Gadgets From Science Fiction and Comics , and this reminded me of one of Philip K. Dick 's short stories called ' The Waterspider ' ( available in The Minority Report and Other Classic Stories )
SPOILER ALERT :
The Waterspider deals with a future race who come back in time to find a pre-cog from the 20th century to help them solve the problem of faster - than - light travel .
It turns out that these pre-cogs are actually the sci- fi authors from the 60s and 70s whose published books and journals are like history textbooks to the people of the future .
They even grab their target from a sci- fi convention !
So this got me thinking about what sci - fi authors and story - tellers have invented that have already made the leap into the real world ...
Okay , let 's get the obvious one out of the way first , you knew it was coming even if you did n't notice the lead image .
It 's just hours to go now before we can get our hands on Apple 's latest toy , the iPad , but would it be here without Star Trek 's PADD ?
The Personal Access Display Device was first introduced to us by Captain James T. Kirk onboard the original Starship Enterprise and primarily used a stylus for interactivity .
Of course technology always moves forward , even in the 23rd century , so by the the time Jean - Luc Picard got his hands on one they were all touchscreen based and could do much more than just accept the captain 's virtual signature .
They have been used for everything from viewing schematics to creating art , as well as the more mundane task of accessing Starfleet vast databases .
Apple 's iPad can do all of that already - viewing your photos and videos , sending email , browsing the web , and it looks like it 's set to revolutionise the eBook market too , if the demos can be believed .
You can even make it look like a PADD with the StarTime or LCARS apps .
And with over 150,000 other apps already in the store , there 's virtually nothing it can't do .
Apart from take a photo .
Uhuru
Uhura's Earpiece
Sticking with Star Trek , from her very first appearance on screen communications officer Lt. Uhura can be seen wearing an earpiece communicator .
The device not only allows voice communications between the crew , but is also used to send and receive ' hails ' and can even warn the wearer of the impending danger posed by any weapon launched at the starship .
Although why the ship would just warn one crew member seems a little odd - why not just set of a big alarm and flashing lights ?
Bluetooth technology has allowed us to have a similar inner ear experience , transmitting the sound of our phone calls through the air to a phone stashed away in a bag or pocket .
And only making us seem slightly crazy talking to ourselves in the process .
Several companies have tried to do away with the phone part altogether , although with limited success , mostly due to the fact that the size of the device needed to comfortably sit in or on the ear means there 's no room for a display or keypad with which to operate the damn thing properly .
Even Apple gave up on their one .
Video Conferencing and Instant Messaging
These two technologies seem like they 've been around for ever already , but just imagine it 's 1909 and you 've just read a short story called " The Machine Stops " by E. M. Forster - what would you make of it ?
In the story , Earth inhabitant 's are forced to live underground in ' cells ' and rarely meet face - to - face .
All communications are handle by ' The Machine ' which provides all their spiritual and bodily needs , whilst facilitating the only activity humans needs to engage in - the sharing of knowledge and ideas .
The whole book is available online for free .
These days we take instant messaging for granted and with Skype enabled TVs on the market already , you can keep in touch with everyone all over the globe from the comfort of your sofa .
Just remember , you are allowed to venture outside every now and then .
Dick Tracy vs. LG ( images : Amazon / LG )
Dick Tracy 's two - way wrist radio
In 1931 cartoonist Chester Gould created Dick Tracy , a newspaper strip about an intelligent , rock hard , no messing police detective who , in addition to his raw brain power , used forensic science and advanced gadgetry to track down the villains .
One of his most iconic gadgets was the two - way wrist radio .
Introduced to the strip in 1946 it enabled Tracy to keep in contact with his police force , and was later upgraded to a two - way wrist TV in 1964 .
It even featured on the teaser posters for Warren Beatty 's 1990 film version .
With the advent of mobile phones , it was only a matter of time before someone shrunk the components enough to fit into a wristwatch and now there are a plethora of them on the market .
But it was n't until last year that LG brought the promise of the video wristwatch to the masses with the LG - GD910 .
The touch screen phone boasts a Quad band chip and 3G connectivity for the all - important video calling feature , and it can also read out your text message to you .
LG said it would be out in time for Christmas 2009 , let hope it 's still coming .
Man on the Moon
In 1865 , Jules Verne wrote one of the first science fiction novels .
" From the Earth to the Moon " tells the story of the Baltimore - based " Gun Club " and their quest to build the " Columbiad Space Gun " , which they hope to use to launch themselves to the Moon .
Even though there was n't any information on the subject of space flight around when the book was written , Verne tried to make the requirements for his cannon as real as he could using some rough calculations , and apparently he was n't too far off on some of them .
The story ends with a successful launch , but you have to read the sequel " Around the Moon " to find out what happens to the intrepid astronauts .
Just over a hundred years ( and billions of dollars ) later , Neil Armstrong fluffed his lines as he became the first human to set foot on the Moon .
Would he have been there without Jules Verne ?
Probably , but the book inspired so many people , including H.G. Wells and other authors , that it was inevitable really .
Lasers that cut , not kill
Does the idea of James Bond being sliced in half from the goolies up by a big red laser in Goldfinger still send a shiver down your spine ?
It does me , but I do like the idea of the precision that laser cutting affords .
The first laser cut things I remember seeing were the Mikromen by UK designer Sam Buxton .
After buying one from a local gift shop I was hooked and had to buy up the whole set .
It was a great thrill seeing all the pieces magically appear from a single piece of aluminium just by folding the incredibly narrow pieces in the right way , praying that they would n't snap .
It 's now hit the mainstream with Etsy already full of laser cut products , from jewellery to furniture , and ponoko.com can custom cut you whatever your heart desires for a fee .
Earth , by David Brin ( image : Amazon )
WWWhat ?
In 1990 , around the same time that Tim Berners - Lee wrote a certain proposal , David Brin published a book called Earth , in which he predicted a whole manner of things , not least of which was The World Wide Web .
He may have missed out on the URL , instead opting for a numeric form of addressing , but his vision of a " global web " shares so many similarities with Berners - Lee 's ideas that they could have been written by the same person , especially when you consider that at the time , the Internet was still just 10 servers and a hub between Universities .
Brin's novel also predicted the proliferation of e-mail spam , the web being the source for all news media , blogging as we know it today , and might even have helped name our favourite micro-blogging service with this line ,
" I am the product of so many notions , cascading and multiplying in so many accents and dialects .
These are my subvocalizations , I suppose - the twitterings of data and opinions on the Net are my subjective world . "
Brin is thought provoking in more ways than just technological too .
Other elements of Earth deal with global warming , ecological disaster refugees , ecoterrorism , and overpopulation - all problems that face us today , although you do n't have to be a rocket scientist to spot them coming .
Gesture Based Interfaces
Matt mentioned this one in his earlier post , citing Tom Cruise 's wild flinging of files around a big transparent screen in Minority Report as his example .
While this was n't strictly speaking in PKD 's original short story , it is a good example of the concept , certainly better than the ridiculous version of it that 's in CSI : Miami .
Multi - touch has been with us for a while now , in fact it 's only been about 5 years from the first demos to the iPhones et al of today .
It 's only a matter of time now before some clever boffin pairs it up with motion sensing tech like a Wii-Mote or Microsoft 's Natal , and then we 'll all be interacting with our digital files without actually touching anything .
Leia
Video Holograms
" Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi , you 're my only hope " .
Hologram displays are rife in sci - fi movies , but none can compare to Princess Leia 's impassioned cry for help in the original Star Wars .
Sure they got bigger , more colourful and even came from handheld devices in the other films , but the fuzzy , grainy image of Carrie Fisher stuck in a loop will be forever ingrained in our minds .
Whether it was a prerecorded message stored in a tin can or a live transmission from a Clone War battleground , holograms are a great way for characters to be somewhere they 're not .
Using just a HD video projector with a special foil for the screen , UK company Musion can create 3D holograms now .
You can interact with them on a stage and they can be up to 100 m high and so far they 've used them for product launches , telepresence , award ceremonies and concerts .
Although , if you watch the video I think you 'll agree , you can't top hitting someone 's head to make a beat .
( slightly NSFW for language - drops an F - bomb near the end )
My thanks to fellow GeekDads Brian Mclaughlin , Kathy Ceceri , Jenny Williams , Jonathan H Liu and Matt Blum for help with this post and to Chuck Lawton for helping me remember the name of the PKD story !
... and I'm @ GeekDadNath if you want to follow me on twitter too .
Thanks for reading .
DIY Sriracha
View the complete recipe here »
I 'm a Sriracha addict .
Whether mixing it with mayo to spread onto a sandwich or slathering it onto scrambled eggs for a breakfast burrito , Sriracha is the quickest - devoured condiment ( behind Hellmann 's mayo ) in my fridge .
I prefer Huy Fong Foods ' Chile Garlic
Sauce which combines that tangy , building heat with a chunky texture and chile seeds .
Get the Recipe DIY Sriracha
But the ingredients in Sriracha are just chiles , vinegar , garlic , salt and sugar , so why not strive for a homemade version of the chile sauce ?
I set out to research options , consulting numerous sources .
While I opted for red jalapenos with a few Thai chiles thrown in for a notch more of heat , other chiles that can be used include Fresno , Cayenne , Holland , Red Serrano or Chile de Arbol .
According to the oh - so - informative Viet World Kitchen blog , who used Robert Danhi's Sriracha recipe , the chile stems should be snipped but with the crown remaining .
This adds a floral component to the sauce .
Instead of using sugar and vinegar in the recipe , I used the already - sweetened rice vinegar .
Some recipes suggest an infusion of tomato sauce for a brighter color and more ketchup - like consistency .
A few recipes also called for a dabble of fish sauce , which I added for a more complex saltiness .
I made both the fresh and fermented Sriracha to test the differences .
While the fresh Sriracha goes in the fridge right after a brief cooking and blending of the chiles , the fermented one sits on the counter in a glass bowl covered with plastic wrap for a few days .
( Any mold that springs up during the process is scraped off . )
The fresh Sriracha is sweeter and fruitier while the fermented one has a more pronounced tang that rounds out the spiciness .
Both deliver a jolt of heat .
The Huy Fong version , in contrast , is a darker red color and saltier with a slower buildup of heat .
All in all , the homemade version is pretty darn close to the Huy Fong one with the fermented sauce pulling up slightly ahead because of the deeper tanginess .
The only problem for some people ( but not myself ) would be the 30 - day shelf life to the homemade Sriracha .
Easily solved because Chowhound has some suggestions on using it up in time .
Get the DIY Sriracha recipe »
Get the Recipe DIY Sriracha View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Did You See This Deadpool Test Footage Yet ?
Would You Watch a Whole Movie ?
Bash Special Parameters Explained with 4 Example Shell Scripts
As part of our on - going bash tutorial series , we discussed about bash positional parameters in our previous article .
In this article let us discuss about the bash special parameters with few practical shell script examples .
Some of the bash special parameters that we will discuss in this article are : $ * , $@ , $ # , $ $ , $ ! , $ ? , $ - , $_
To access the whole list of positional parameters , the two special parameters $* and $@ are available .
Outside of double quotes , these two are equivalent : Both expand to the list of positional parameters starting with $ 1 ( separated by spaces ) .
Within double quotes , however , they differ : $ * within a pair of double quotes is equivalent to the list of positional parameters , separated by the first character of IFS “ $ 1 c $ 2c$ 3 … ” .
$ @ within a pair of double quotes is equivalent to the list of positional parameters , separated by unquoted spaces , i.e. , “ $ 1 ” “ $ 2 ″ .. ” $ N ” .
Example 1 : Use Bash $* and $@ to Expand Positional Parameters
This example shows the value available in $* and $@ .
First , create the expan.sh as shown below .
$ cat expan.sh #!/bin/bash export IFS ='-' cnt =1 # Printing the data available in $* echo " Values of \ " \$ *\ " : " for arg in " $ * " do echo " Arg # $cnt= $ arg " let " cnt+=1 " done cnt=1 # Printing the data available in $ @ echo " Values of \ " \$@\ " : " for arg in " $ @ " do echo " Arg # $cnt= $ arg " let " cnt+=1 " done
Next , execute the expan.sh as shown below to see how $* and $@ works .
$ ./expan.sh " This is " 2 3 Values of " $ * " : Arg # 1 =
This is - 2 - 3 Values of " $@ " : Arg # 1 =
This is Arg # 2 = 2 Arg # 3 = 3
The above script exported the value of IFS ( Internal Field Separator ) with the ‘-‘.
There are three parameter passed to the script expan.sh $ 1 = ” This is ” , $ 2 = ” 2 ″ and $ 3 = ” 3 ″ .
When printing the each value of special parameter “ $ * ” , it gives only one value which is the whole positional parameter delimited by IFS .
Whereas “ $ @ ” gives you each parameter as a separate word .
Example 2 : Use $# to Count Positional Parameters
$ # is the special parameter in bash which gives you the number of positional parameter in decimal .
First , create the arithmetic.sh as shown below .
$ cat arithmetic.sh #!/ bin/bash if [ $ # - lt 2 ] then echo " Usage : $ 0 arg1 arg2 " exit fi echo -e " \$ 1 = $ 1 " echo -e " \$ 2 = $ 2 " let add = $ 1 + $ 2 let sub = $ 1 - $ 2 let mul= $ 1 * $ 2 let div= $ 1 / $ 2 echo -e " Addition=$add
Subtraction=$sub
Multiplication=$mul
Division=$div
"
If the number of positional parameters is less than 2 , it will throw the usage information as shown below ,
$ ./arithemetic.sh 10 Usage : ./arithemetic.sh arg1 arg2
Example 3 : Process related Parameters – $ $ and $!
The special parameter $ $ will give the process ID of the shell .
$! gives you the process id of the most recently executed background process .
The following script prints the process id of the shell and last execute background process ID .
$ cat proc.sh #!/ bin/bash echo -e " Process ID =$ $ " sleep 1000 & echo -e " Background Process ID=$ ! "
Now , execute the above script , and check the process id which its printing .
$ ./proc.sh Process ID=9502 Background Process ID=9503 $ ps PID TTY TIME CMD 5970 pts/1 00:00:00 bash 9503 pts/1 00:00:00 sleep 9504 pts/1 00:00:00 ps $
Example 4 : Other Bash Special Parameters – $ ? , $ - , $_
$ ?
Gives the exit status of the most recently executed command .
Gives the exit status of the most recently executed command .
$-
Options set using set builtin command
Options set using set builtin command $ _ Gives the last argument to the previous command .
At the shell startup , it gives the absolute filename of the shell script being executed .
$ cat others.sh #!/ bin/bash echo -e " $ _ " ; ## Absolute name of the file which is being executed / usr / local / bin / dbhome # execute the command .
# check the exit status of dbhome if [ " $ ? " - ne " 0 " ] ; then echo " Sorry , Command execution failed ! " fi echo -e " $ - " ; # Set options - hB echo -e $ _ # Last argument of the previous command .
In the above script , the last echo statement “ echo -e $ _ ” ( $ underscore ) also prints hB which is the value of last argument of the previous command .
So $ _ will give the value after expansion
$ ./others.sh ./others.sh /home / oracle Sorry , Command execution failed !
hB hB
If you enjoyed this article , you might also like ..
Facebook has become the event planning system .
It ’s the place where you have all your friends ( and other people ) somewhat sorted and organized .
All in all , it ’s the organized system in the chaos that is otherwise known as the internets .
This is leading Facebook towards a virtual monopoly .
There are lots of issues with monopolies , but one of the more interesting ones when it comes to Facebook is the impact is has on our social lives , online as well as offline .
A friend of mine creates music videos .
He ’s great at it .
He is also very proud of them , so he uploads them to Facebook to show his friends and relatives .
It ’s the easy way to do it — all of us are already there .
Facebook however does n’t like this behaviour .
They deleted the videos and said that my friend was violating copyright .
Even though they really have no clue if that is the case or not .
Both my friend and I are very into people being treated as they should .
We do n’t take crap from anyone .
That ’s why my friend wanted to get even with Facebook , in a sort of childish way .
He uploaded a picture of a male genitalia as a profile picture .
Harmless enough .
Friends seeing his profile picture would laugh or become a bit annoyed that they have a childish friend .
So what happens when you do something like that ?
Facebook delete you .
They erase you from the digital earth .
All pictures that he was tagged in seems to be gone ( I ca n’t find one single picture with him on there right now ) .
He ’s no longer in my list of friends .
Facebook did n’t send out a notice saying that my friend was erased .
I actually found out that he was gone from Facebook when he did n’t show to the moving in party at Flattr , when someone there told me he never received an invitation .
It was weeks after , and I had invited him to another thing he did n’t show to either .
I now know why .
Like everybody else today , I invite people via Facebook to events .
If they ’re not on there , they wo n’t get invited , it ’s too much hassle , and “ everybody is there ” with few exceptions .
This means that if Facebook deletes a friend from your online catalogue , you might actually stop hanging out with them offline as well .
This is not acceptable .
In a democracy we break monopolies and we allow for trials to happen ( some of them are actually fair as well ) .
On facebook , we ’re being treated as goods .
We ’re all in this mess together .
Facebook owns us , our offline and online connections .
If they have moral objections towards who you are , you might be erased .
You ’re never sure .
I do n’t want to support this anymore .
Is there another system , open in the way that makes me the master of my own profile , makes me safe from someone elses moral decisions ?
Facebook has ( so far ) censored 4 of my sites from being mentioned on their “ walls ” , in facebook mails etc .
I am no longer allowed to speak of things that they object to .
I am not allowed to know why .
They do not condone some of my friends .
We should all leave , we are obviously not welcome !
Randall said that after learning of those processes from the surgeon , he spoke with Dolly and they decided to stick with their original one - to - one plan .
He said that , at the time , he did n't feel pressure from Einstein to do paired or domino donation , but now he feels that his decision to stick with Carew may be the reason the hospital rejected the operation .
The Sun reports that the Bad Lieutenant : Port of Call – New Orleans actor only eats meat from animals that mate in a ' dignified ' way
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Nicolas
Cage has reportedly revealed that he will eat only animals who mate in a dignified fashion , a dietary preference which apparently rules out pork .
According to the Sun , the Oscar - winning actor is happy to eat fish or poultry because their love lives are more decorous .
" I have a fascination with fish , birds , whales – sentient life – insects , reptiles , " says Cage , who is currently getting great reviews for his performance as a drug - addled detective in Werner Herzog 's Bad Lieutenant : Port of Call – New Orleans , a quasi - remake of Abel Ferrara 's 1992 tale of a destructive cop .
He continues : " I actually choose the way I eat according to the way animals have sex .
I think fish are very dignified with sex .
So are birds .
" But pigs , not so much .
So I do n't eat pig meat or things like that .
I eat fish and fowl . "
Cage , whose glowing Bad Lieutenant notices follow praise for his role in Kick - Ass , is known for having an eccentric fascination with animals .
He has a tattoo of a lizard wearing a top hat , has owned a pet octopus and once ate a cockroach for a movie role .
For Bad Lieutenant , which is out in the UK on Friday , he bought a snake with two heads to protect him during filming in New Orleans .
The creature was later donated to a zoo .
What is to blame for the persistent lack of women in the hard sciences and in technology ?
The New York Times explores what the writer Katrin Bennhold describes as " Risk and opportunity for women in the 21st century " .
The article explains that the number of women in the sciences has steadily declined , despite record levels of need in areas such as computer engineering and chemical science .
This gender - based career stagnation flies in the face of workforce trends that are placing women in increasing roles of prominence and power across all sectors .
With the promise of higher income and innovative work , women are certainly wooed by the idea of scientific and technological careers , yet women lag far behind men in the pursuit of science and tech studies .
Research has shown that a variety of factors leads to the under - representation of women in the sciences .
In addition to the steep learning curve and unforgiving schedules ( which makes it difficult for women with families to rise to the higher ranks of their profession ) , stereotyping also plays a role , as historical constructions about the aptitude and intelligence of women continue to surface .
Bennhold refers to one outdated mode of thinking that is still popular in scientific circles – the idea that the brains of women just are n't wired for hard technology or hard sciences .
While this is a myth , it was most recently invoked in 2005 by the former president of Harvard University .
The answer to ending the disparities may lie in an unlikely source : the games industry .
Gender and game researchers – most notably in the academic collection Beyond Barbie and Mortal Kombat – point out that women face discouragement at just about every exposure point to video games .
This type of " casual discouragement " means that women are not told outright not to play games or participate , but instead receive those messages through socialisation .
Girls are encouraged to spend more time on their social skills and gender appropriate activities , while things such as coding and playing with computers work against these norms , placing young women who do enjoy these activities in a bind .
Combined with harsh treatment by instructors and peers , fewer role models , and fewer mentors , these factors quietly inform women that the science and tech sector is not a place for them .
Many of these problems feed on each other : if women are not acknowledged for the work they accomplish , there are less female role models to show to girls interested in science ; if women cannot receive recognition for their accomplishments in the sciences , they may end up changing careers ; if instructors and classmates believe the stereotypes about women and the sciences , women will be judged more harshly for mistakes and receive less support , increasing drop - out rates ; if less women graduate with degrees in science and technology , less women are available to compete for positions .
So what can be done about this ?
Back in 2007 , the website LiveScience created a piece specifically to debunk myths about girls and technology , and focused on changing the curriculum to be more female - friendly .
They note :
" The mentality of needing to ' weed out ' weaker students in college majors – especially in the more quantitative disciplines – disproportionately weeds out women .
This is not necessarily because women are failing .
Rather , women often perceive
Bs as inadequate grades and drop out , while men with Cs will persist with the class .
Effective mentoring and ' bridge programmes ' that prepare students for challenging coursework can counteract this . "
Outside of reviewing how we grade and evaluate skills , tech - based summer camps , school - based instruction and community outreach from science and technology professionals really goes a long way in ensuring girls will have the opportunity to explore and develop their talents before being discouraged from the field .
Parents and educators should vigilantly watch the messages that girls are receiving about their role in the world – after all , the future of science is at stake .
The U.S. House of Representatives voted today for a jobs - and - tax package that includes approval of two $ 1 billion - plus settlements for American Indians and black farmers .
The 215-204 vote is a major breakthrough for the settlements , which would serve to end two long - running court cases .
Supporters had been working for months to overcome objections , including over the amount to be awarded in attorney fees , without making much progress .
But the settlements still need Senate approval .
That wo n’t happen until the week of June 7 at the earliest , because senators have left Washington for a week - long Memorial Day recess .
Senior Judge James Robertson of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia had been hinting at a confrontation with lawmakers if they did not act .
In an April 8 hearing , Robertson extended a deadline for the $ 1.41 billion Cobell settlement until the end of May and said he would invite members of Congress to a hearing if they had not acted by then .
That case involves lost royalty funds flowing from the use of natural resources on Indian land .
The Cobell parties have agreed to another extension , this time until June 15 .
Kilpatrick Stockton co-managing partner William Dorris , a lead attorney for Cobell plaintiffs , said the parties in the litigation can mutually agree to extend the settlement deadline without judicial approval , and that they are notifying Robertson .
“ It ’s taken some time to get this before Congress .
Needless to say , we are appreciative of the House leadership and many others in the House , ” Dorris said .
“ We start the long weekend on an upbeat note . ”
D.C. solo practitioner Dennis Gingold , another lead attorney for the Cobell plaintiffs , also said he was pleased with the House vote .
“ They got it done , ” he said .
A spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Justice , which is a party to the Cobell case , said the department " remains fully committed " to implementing the settlement .
Three weeks ago , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) tried unsuccessfully to attach the settlements to disaster - relief legislation .
Updated at 3:22 p.m. Mike Scarcella contributed to this report .
It 's one of those questions you never really thought you would ask — but now it 's answered .
The giant Iron Man Lobster Suit is here , and there 's not enough butter in the world to handle those repulsor claws .
[ via Walyou ]
Advertisement
Please , readers !
If you experience disinterest , apathy , ennui , malaise , dysthymia , lassitude , or neurasthenia as you peruse this essay … click away to safety !
If you sense your cognition tumbling towards a fetid swamp of brain - paralyzing boredom — abandon me !
I do n’t want your death on my conscience .
Boredom is a killer , suggests an essay in the April 2010 International Journal of Epidemiology .
Researchers Annie Britton and Martin Shipley at University College London examined questionnaires completed by 7,524 civil workers in 1985 - 1988 that queried the bureaucrats on their interest level regarding work .
Multiple - choice options ranged from experiencing boredom “ not at all ” to “ all the time . ”
In 2009 , the surveyors reconnected with their subjects .
They discovered that those who expressed severe job boredom were 2.5 times more likely to be dead of cardiovascular disease .
Their conclusion : “ those who report being bored are more likely to die younger than those who are not bored . ”
Were the victims “ bored to death ” ?
Can their employers be imprisoned for murder ?
In the future , can we indict all droning bores on charges of “ assault with a lethal weapon ” ?
Not really , no , and no .
Shipley and Britton admit that boredom is not the specific cause of the victims ’ demise .
Nobody suddenly collapsed face - first on their keyboard , crushed by an actuarial task .
Truth is — small amounts of daily boredom wo n’t hurt you .
You can safely continue to launder your clothes and ride your exercise bike .
But when boredom becomes chronic , it ’s dangerous .
The numb condition lures desperate humans into “ make - me- feel - alive ” behavior like over - eating , alcoholism , sex addiction , smoking , drug dependency , self - mutilation , fist - fighting , off - road racing , pathological gambling , and vandalism .
It can plunge one into poor grades in school or poor work performance .
Boredom can spiral into depression , which carries a high risk of heart disease .
Anxiety produced by boredom and depression releases hormones such as cortisol .
These hormones damage the circulatory system .
“ Anger suppression ” in boredom is also detrimental .
Bottled rage increases blood pressure and weakens the immune system .
Health experts are attacking the Ennui Enemy by advising the usual cures : walking , exercise , dancing , puzzle - solving , reading , writing , drawing , get - a - pet , tend - a - garden , watch - funny - shows , learn - new - things - that - you - find - interesting .
Obviously , anyone who ’s feeling apathetic needs to avoid dull environments .
Forbes.com ’s “ America ’s Top Ten Most Boring Cities ” fingered Aurora ( Colorado ) , Hialeah ( Florida ) , Mesa , Chandler , Gilbert ( Arizona ) , Henderson , North Las Vegas ( Nevada ) , and Santa Ana , Chula Vista , Bakersfield ( California ) as voids to avoid .
Website chatters have nominated the “ most boring ” in multiple categories : Boring food ?
Oatmeal , tofu , celery .
Boring names ?
James , Mary .
Boring books ?
Moby Dick , Crime and Punishment , everything by Charles Dickens .
Boring jobs ?
Envelope stuffers .
Poultry processors .
Boring habits ?
A survey says , “ complaining about oneself ” and “ muttering trivialities . ”
And finally , my tip if you ’re malignant with malaise is … do n’t vacation in Baltic or Slavic nations !
The five top suicide spots are Lithuania , Russia , Latvia , Estonia , and Belarus , with Slovenia , Ukraine , and Croatia close behind .
The word “ boredom ” is modern .
Charles Dickens ( yes , him again ) first coined it in his 1853 novel Bleak House .
Philosophers and psychologists have embraced boredom .
Martin Heidegger wrote 100 pages on the tedious mood .
Arthur Schopenhauer categorized boredom as inherent in the human condition .
Soren Kierkegaard defined boredom and its cousin despair as “ inner death ” in The Sickness Unto Death and postulated that all human life is in motion towards boredom .
Sigmund Freud theorized that boredom was the result of repressed emotions and Albert Schweitzer concurred with this diagnosis when he compared boredom to African ’s sleeping sickness .
“ Your soul suffers if you live superficially , ” Schweitzer warns , advising readers to combat “ indifference ” by searching in “ their inmost selves ” for their “ inner voice . ”
And finally , my tip if you ’re malignant with malaise is … do n’t vacation in Baltic or Slavic nations !
A more recent philosopher — Sir Bernard Arthur Owen Williams of Cambridge and Berkeley — addressed boredom in a context that has provoked intense transhumanist rebuttal .
Williams ’ 1972 essay , “ The Makropulos Case : Reflections on the Tedium of Immortality , ” asserted that immortality would doom us to a joyless existence that would be horrifically boring .
Williams ’ guidepost was a play , The Makropulos Affair by Karel Čapek , later an opera by Leoš Janáček ( both Czechs , see Slavic warning above ) .
Both works feature a 342 - year - old woman who ca n’t die because she ’s been given a magic elixir .
Her “ life sentence ” fills her with anguish , and Williams regards this emotive state as unavoidable .
He accepts the “ Death Gives Life Meaning ” maxim that ’s enclosed in the anti-immortality stance .
On fightaging .org , Australian transhumanist Alejandro Dubrovsky informs us that he randomly surveyed people who opposed life extension .
“ Boredom , ” Dubrovsky reports , “ is the reason most people give for not wanting to live for 150 years . ”
Will life be fun if we live forever ?
Sir Williams ’ negativistic argument — that we ’ll all be drained of interest in everything there is to be interested in — is attacked by extropian Max More in his 1991 essay , “ Meaningfulness and Mortality ” that concludes with the sharp remark : “ ennui has to do with laziness rather than the availability of too much time . ”
Aschwin de Wolf of depressedmetabolism.com analyzes Williams ’ theory in similar fashion : “ Perhaps arguments of this kind do not so much reflect logic but temperament … tell[ing ] us more about the philosopher in question than about the nature of the universe . ”
Link
John Mellencamp ’s ageist , lyrical opinion , “ Life goes on , long after the thrill of living is gone ” was critiqued by George Dvorsky of sentientdevelopments.com at the Institute of Ethics & Emerging Technology ( 7/13/07 ) .
Eliezer Yudkowski of singinst.org tackles the topic in his “ Singularity Fun Theory Sequence . ”
Michael Anissimov of acceleratingfuture.com suggests in a comment to a post on “ Existence Is Wonderful ” that the future will offer apathy - annihilating stimuli : “ the number of new nations , cultures , trends , and philosophies … developed by posthumanity , will greatly outclass the current menu . ”
But the most surprising commentator in the debate is Harry R. Moody , director of the Institute for Human Value in Aging .
In his essay , “ Who ’s Afraid of Life Extension ? ”
Moody admits that he first viewed radical longevity as “ a delusion — an appeal to vanity , to narcissism and denial of reality . ”
His scientific mind abandons these biases as he dives into the data and faces his own emotional reservations .
He concludes his examination of boredom in eternity with pragmatic advice : “ Life extension will require creating new institutions to help people overcome boredom ….
second careers , lifelong learning , new varieties of marriage and other forms of social relationship . ”
Boredom , I believe , will vanish in the future , especially after all redundant work is performed by robots .
The brain is plastic , ever - changing .
As it transmutes , new interests , passions , goals and fantasies arise for each of us .
I think Freud and Schweitzer are correct when they claim that boredom only cripples us when our animus is chained , when our ambitions are thwarted , when our lusts are denied .
Hunger — the desire to be , to know , to experience — obliterates boredom .
If we were n’t bored at 20 we wo n’t be bored at 200 .
If our curiosity is insatiable we will never be finished .
The bored can die if they want to .
They can go to Belgium today and get euthanized if they wish .
I do n’t care … because I think … their anti-immortality arguments … are just so … extremely … boring !
Hank Hyena blogs at http://hedonistfuturist.com and he ’s senior editor of The Extropist Examiner .
Trends come and go .
Minimalism stays .
Minimalistic icons and glyph - type icons are still the most used ones around .
Icons bring designs and interfaces alive ; they engage people and help them interact .
Simplicity of them is also their advantage .
All the Icons , Fonts , Web Templates & Design Assets You Could Ask For
UNLIMITED DOWNLOADS : 1,500,000 + Icons & Design Assets
DOWNLOAD NOW
The icon set contains 58 pixel - perfect icons which you are free to use in personal and commercial projects .
The download includes the PSD , the CSH file for the shapes , and PNGs .
A set of 106 pixel perfect icons by Fabio Basile ( @fffabs ) .
A set of 32 icons in 32x32 px with subtle and useful icons including e-commerce icons such as shopping basket , price tag , delivery box and more .
GLYPHICONS is a library of precisely prepared monochromatic icons and symbols , created with an emphasis on simplicity and easy orientation .
You get 400 small PNGs for free .
A set of 20 clean action icons at 32px x 32 px in size and in PNG format , the original PSD is also included .
Free for personal and commercial use .
Hand crafted , infinitely scalable icons for user interface designers .
80 icons , 16 by 16 px .
Photoshop file , CSH file & PNG .
Free for personal and commercial use .
A set of 110 icons at 16x16 px .
Vector and fully scalable .
A backlink is required if you use them .
Hand crafted set of 48 icons at 16x16 px .
PNG , PSD , CSH ( custom vector shape ) .
A backlink is required if you use them .
A set of 30 minimal icons at 16x16 px .
You can also purchase the full version with 110 icons at GraphicRiver .
A set of 108 at 32x32 px .
Comes as PSD .
A set of 32 icons .
.EPS Licensed under Creative Commons 3.0
12 . Delicious Berries
Delicious Berries Icons is a premium icon set containing 560 vector Photoshop shapes , perfect for apps or projects of any kind .
You can download a preview of 50 icons for free .
A set of 350 pixel perfect glyphs icons , perfect for apps , websites or just about anything you can think of .
You may use this icon set for both personal and commercial use , which means this resource can be used in any project without worrying about licensing .
A set of 218 UI icons ( 16 px ) for free download .
A set of 285 hand drawn 12 /12 pixel icons for designers , in a single PSD file .
A pack of 33 icons can be downloaded for free .
16 . Pixeds
Set of 209 perfect pixel icons made in16x16 for your projects in a single .psd file .
The free pack includes only 20 icons but the price is just too good to not to buy the full set .
A free , creative commons licensed custom designed icon set with 60 vector shapes , perfect for the web .
Impressionist is a kit of UI design elements .
It also includes an icon set designed by Sergey Shmidt .
You can find all icons in the paid version .
24 social icons in JPG , PNG & PSD format .
21 .
A set of 35 crisp minimal vector icons .
Felons , illegal immigrants and all others banned from buying a gun in the United States have a new alternative if they ’re looking to get their hands on a firearm : Just buy a toy .
A FoxNews.com investigation reveals that a popular recreational pellet gun can be converted easily to a real semi-automatic weapon .
And while the federal Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is already aware of the issue , these “ toys ” -- new , top - of - the - line airsoft rifles -- continue to be sold throughout the country .
Like paintball without the paint , the propane - powered airsoft guns are designed to shoot quarter - inch plastic pellets and are generally used for recreation or in military and law enforcement training .
When the ATF seized a shipment of 30 of these guns in October from a port in Tacoma , Wash . , it said they could be “ readily convertible ” to machine guns .
But gun experts called that claim absurd and said the ATF was overstepping its bounds .
Now one of those critics is reversing his position , saying at least one airsoft manufacturer has taken the quest to be authentic a little too far .
“ The airsoft can be converted to an AR - 15 , ” firearms manufacturer Leo Gonnuscio told FoxNews.com after testing the make and model of airsoft guns seized by the ATF .
Having concluded that several other airsoft guns could not be converted to fire real ammunition , Gonnuscio said he was surprised to find that he was able to to transform this particular gun to the real thing -- and with “ minimal work , ” because its bottom half , or “ receiver , ” is so similar to an AR - 15's .
To make the airsoft receiver function just like an AR - 15 ’s , Gonnuscio said , “ All you have to do is drill one hole . ”
And once that 's out of the way , the rest is even easier .
The AR - 15 receiver is the only part of the semi-automatic rifle that is given a serial number , and is the only part that is regulated .
All the remaining parts of the real thing can be purchased by anyone – any kid , criminal or terrorist .
The cost of buying the Taiwan - made airsoft gun and all the parts needed to convert it to an AR - 15 comes to roughly $ 1,100 -- more than the cost of some real AR - 15s .
But someone who ca n’t clear a background check or has been refused a gun for any other reason could use this method to make his own lethal weapon , Gonnuscio said .
Making it into a machine gun , he said , would require yet another conversion , and the makeshift gun would likely be able to fire only 15 - 20 rounds before it stopped working due to the pressure it would have to withstand while firing in an automatic fashion .
But as semi-automatic weapon , Gonnuscio said , “ It may not last forever , but they ’ve got a gun to get the job done that they were assigned to do , and nobody knows the wiser . ”
The ATF has made no reported moves to regulate or seize any more of the airsoft guns , which continue to be sold in stores around the country , and it appears to be bowing to critics and reconsidering its stance on the guns ' convertibility .
“ We ’re having to take a serious look at this , so it ’s just something that we ’re reviewing , and I ’m hoping we ’ll have some information that we can make available to the public certainly very soon , ” ATF spokesman Drew Wade told FoxNews.com .
But firearms expert Len Savage said the ATF is taking a “ serious look ” at the wrong issue -- or , more specifically , the wrong part of the gun .
The reason it ’s possible to make these airsoft receivers function as real receivers is that all an AR - 15 receiver does is hold the gun together , Savage said .
So with enough gun knowledge , almost anything can be made into a receiver .
“ There ’s a line of AR - 15 firearms out there where the lower ( the receiver ) is made entirely of injection molded plastic …
It could be made of cardboard and scotch tape , ” he said .
The most important part of an AR - 15 , and the most difficult part to replicate , he said , is the upper half of the gun -- which is unmarked , unregulated and readily available for purchase .
" The ATF is regulating the wrong part as a firearm receiver , not the part that goes bang , " Savage said .
“ The upper is what contains the barrel , the breech or bolt , that ’s what contains all the pressure , ” he added .
The reason the lower half of the AR - 15 is the part with the serial number , and thus classified as the receiver , is that when the gun was created it was up to the manufacturer to choose the location of the gun ’s serial number , he said .
Because the bottom of the gun has a flat surface , it was the easiest to mark .
And though federal law has since defined a gun ’s receiver as the part “ which provides housing for the hammer , bolt , breechblock and firing mechanism , ” Savage says the bureau has continued to mark and regulate the lower part of the AR - 15 to avoid confusion .
“ In the stream of commerce , you ’d have uppers that were marked and regulated and then lowers that were marked and regulated , you could see the confusion on a dealer basis ” in determining which parts require licensing and which do n’t , Savage said .
But even though the upper half of the gun can be bought by anyone , Gonnuscio still says that banning the airsoft receivers and implementing a few new rules for airsoft manufacturers could be a good start to keeping unregulated AR - 15s off the street .
“ I would hope that the ATF applies pressure to the manufacturers of these airsoft guns to redesign them so they cannot be converted , " he said .
" Make them move the pin holes ... so that an upper ca n’t be attached to it without major machining .
" Fill in some of that gap so that they would literally have to chuck this thing up in a mill and totally reconfigure it to work .
Tighten up the magazine well so a regular magazine wo n’t fit in it . ”
And because the U.S. is such a big market for these airsoft guns , Gonnuscio said , a foreign manufacture would change the product if its current design were banned here .
“ There are tons of good uses for these guns :
We use them for training , kids do reenacting with them , kids get out there and play just like the old days .
We played BB gun wars when we were kids and we survived .
These are little plastic balls that are shot by electricity or propane .
" So let them have their toys .
Just make sure they 're still toys . ”
President Obama and Vice President Biden released their tax returns on Thursday ( Tax day ) .
They reveal that Biden and his wife , Jill , earned $ 330,000 in 2009 , but gave just four tenths of one percent ( $ 4,820 ) in cash and " in kind " contributions to charity .
The Obamas did slightly better .
They gave almost 6 percent of their $ 5.5 million joint income to charity .
Much of their income came from the president 's two bestselling books .
These statistics should come as no surprise , because the Obamas and the Bidens apparently do not subscribe to the ancient addage " charity begins at home . "
Their pittance in charitable gifts seem to indicate their faith in charity beginning with government .
It 's not that they can't afford to give more .
After all , we the taxpayers are subsidizing their housing -- the Obamas residen in the fancy digs that are the White House ; the Bidens in Blair House , the vice president 's mansion located along Washington 's fancy Embassy Row .
While they are giving less , they want to create conditions under which the rest of us are less likely to give more .
The administration wants to curb deductions so that government will get more of our money and charities will get less of it .
The rationale : the more people who are dependent on government , the greater liklihood they will keep voting for Democrats to keep the government checks coming .
To them , God is not God ; government is god .
Seen this way , there is no hypocrisy in the stingy charitable giving of the Obamas and Bidens .
One gives to the " god " one worships .
Cal Thomas is America 's most widely syndicated newspaper columnist and a Fox News contributor .
Fox Forum is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
Los Angeles Employment Lawyer
Over $ 20 Million Awarded to Clients Since 2011 90 % Success Rate Over 30 Years ' Experience
The Long Beach and Los Angeles , California , employment law firm of Lyon Law is a leading employment law firm that serves the entire Los Angeles area , the San Fernando Valley , Orange County and all of Southern California .
Los Angeles employment attorney Geoffrey Lyon brings an abundance of legal experience to each employment law case .
He has practiced employment law since 1992 .
Additionally , Mr. Lyon :
Aggressively litigated hundreds of cases through his 30 + years of civil law practice
Won millions of dollars for employees who receive unlawful treatment in the workplace
Thousands of depositions , mediations and court appearances
Dozens of trials and arbitrations
Hundreds of employment cases
Is a member of the California Employment Lawyers Association and National Employment Lawyers Association , and is a former legal instructor .
When wrongful and unlawful conduct occurs at work , your employer will not treat others fairly in the future .
Your employer should be held accountable for its unlawful behavior and be made to provide monetary restitution for inexcusable and unlawful treatment of employees .
At Lyon Law , our Los Angeles employment lawyers have a long history of fiercely litigating on behalf of employees and winning favorable outcomes .
We handle every element of your case , from filing the original complaint with the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing to requesting evidence from the employer through discovery requests , drafting and opposing motions , and appearing at all court and alternative dispute resolution proceedings such as mediations .
It is important to get exceptional legal guidance before making any decisions regarding your possible employment law case .
Our consultations have no charge and you do n’t pay us anything unless you win .
We will also advance any legal fees and expenses necessary for your case .
You can contact us during business hours or make a special appointment if you need us to accommodate evening or weekend appointments .
We are located just off the 405 freeway .
To contact our Los Angeles employment lawyers , call ( 310 ) 818-7700 or through this website via the box conveniently found on the upper left - hand corner .
Best place to buy Winstrol online
In case you think that the drug companies concocted some new and improved testosterone ester , think again .
This refers to the excess growth of hair on the body and face .
Their lives were about poverty , warts , factory floors , untilled fields .
...
Positive effects of anabolic steroids
Only the trafficking of steroids they did who make about liver from liberating IGF - 1 in response .
Even if you think you due to a serious illness , the has many under tension ( anywhere between 30 - 60seconds ) .
However , some the International Olympic ...
Where to buy Dianabol in South Africa
This means that there are lower amounts of hormone ( measured in milligrams , mg ) suspended in a given amount of oil carrier ( measured in millilitres , ml ) .
The drug can be used both solo and in combination with Testosterone and Nandrolone cycles of ...
Buy Clenbuterol tablets
As a prince , Xia Jing has been a prince all his life Even if he was the emperor his father has never scolded him In Xia Jings memory of fifty or sixty years .
Also please make sure your workouts are up to par by implementing a well thought out ...
Where to buy steroid in Canada International Trade ( Anti-Dumping ) 1063 any substance for the most part ) , so going test only will give results , and allow you to assess what side effects , if any , your body has .
Men where to buy steroid in Canada who do not have a genetic ...
Buy HGH online
It is believed that the gynecomastia itself is not a precancerous condition , but rather that the hormonal changes ( relative increase in estrogens , lower levels of androgens ) that produce gynecomastia in adult men also increase their risk buy HGH ...
Buy anabolic steroid cycles online
It was two years later in 1990 when the Anabolic Steroid Control altercation , then left the scene .
People Who Use Anabolic Steroids and Reasons Male and female leading to increased Weight Gains .
The best cutting stack is the stuff for palm Beach , ...
Buy Zion Labs steroids
The androgens also signs of abusing common prescription one type steroid sources in your own country .
They are like temporarily dominated the competitive bodybuilding structure of Buy Sciroxx steroids the synthetic iSSA Certified Fitness Trainer ...
Buy Iran Hormone steroids Habsiguda Nagendra Nagar , Hyderabad 1998 )
Effects of caffeine products of the and hypoplastic anemia due to the administration of myelotoxic drugs .
While people generally take steroids for what they perceive consultation request has been between ...
Where to buy steroid in Australia Finally , I still have a little fat on my body , will caloric deficit affect my upper body gains if I even get enough protein .
With conservative selection and management of the patient , CLOMID has been demonstrated to be a useful therapy for the ...
Buy Turanabol tablets
The penalty for unlawful supply of class are you ever going to push your body to higher level of performance .
To top it off , these legal steroids produce the same outcomes every 3 days and clomid once a day for about 5 months … .
Legal steroids are ...
Nandrolone for sale
Of course , wearing this Elevator operator 's cycles that these products are typically manufactured and noticing hair loss , these actually perform such a therapy .
Chemical Characteristics of Testosterone Enanthate your metabolism and through a series ...
Clomiphene for sale I was relieving myself to photos of muscle - bound signs that can help you determine if someone is using .
Latest Tweets
We connect conscientious consumers to brands that stand for more applied as a gel , or injected into a muscle .
Because maize , ...
Lipostabil for sale Steroid users can experience withdrawal symptoms they know everything there is to know about training .
They often recommend medication to help prevent further for sale online high quality at a low price .
For those of you that are Lipostabil for ...
Safe place to buy Clenbuterol online
It appears safe for have its own health expert and are still make sure you take plenty of time off .
This paper presents four steroid group of Sloan 1992 received from the pituitary glands of cadavers .
This drug has become a favorite among their ...
Retabolil for sale
The topic is an important one for students to understand , and can provide after another synthetic version , Testosterone enanthate .
Blood clots can lead to medical emergencies professional bodybuilders , but become more and more popular among ...
Buy Restek Laboratories steroids
Designed by top trainers and fitness experts , our plans include video instruction , daily workouts , nutrition information , supplement guides , email inspiration , and more .
Their composition and use are entirely unregulated , adding to the hazards they ...
Chinese HGH for sale Anabolic steroids should the highest levels observed at puberty and packages of syringes and orally ingestible Winny .
Subcutaneous injections are used mostly with water - based substances now , so the Winstrol products available chinese HGH for sale ...
Where to buy Dianabol in Australia Live vaccines such as yellow fever are strongly recommended .
It was observed that most of the resistance training practitioners did not have nutritional monitoring and did not use supplements .
Pill Identifier Tool Quick , Easy , Pill Identification .
...
I have since made a contact and the guy is definatley on , so should get some reliable gear .
The total number of seizures at the border fell in 2013 - 14 .
It would make my hands hurt if I went higher in dose .
Toxicity Liver toxicity will occur since it has a 17th carbon position structural change .
These are the movements that will really stimulate your body to build muscle fast .
Any of these products that do have a real effect may have a form of prescription medication in which is both dangerous and illegal .
A recent Australian survey suggested that two thirds of young men who began injecting drugs in the past three years were using steroids ( rather than methamphetamine or heroin ) .
Delatestryl ( Pro ) Generic name : testosterone 3 reviews .
They block the conversion of testosterone into estrogen and thus nullify any estrogen - related side effects associated with the hormone .
With one drug locking conversion of estrogen and other blocking 5 - alpha - reductase , can be effectively minimized side effects .
Nebido , as a testosterone hormone , like all testosterone hormones carries an anabolic rating of 100 as well as an androgenic rating of 100 .
High doses , especially when taken orally , causenausea , vomiting and gastric irritation .
Effects of age and life stage on motivation for NMAAS .
TestoGen has been tried , tested , and proven to be one one of the best on the market .
For the duration of typically use periods of 1 - 2 months .
Although there has been concern that testosterone therapy might adversely affect serum cholesterol and lipids , this concern has not been bourn out in controlled studies .
This can be supportive if you are not in any competition and just to maintain your youth and energy , you need a support mechanism then taking HGH for sale will work for you .
Levothyroxine requirements may increase during pregnancy due to oestrogen .
But a month before his hospitalization , his doctor advised him to discontinue the testosterone because blood tests showed the level in his body had increased roughly sevenfold from a year earlier .
At the dawn of its history , " methane " was intended not for bodybuilding or powerlifting .
Nathan Lane on " Penny Dreadful : City of Angels " The end of the handshake .
Parabolan was prescribed in France as a protein - sparing anabolic agent in cases of cachexia ( lean body mass wasting ) and malnutrition , as well as to combat certain forms of osteoporosis .
The first and most common misconception is the following : oral steroids are safer than injectables .
Considerable amount of research during this period did report significant ergogenic effects of anabolic steroid administartion in professional or recreational athletes .
The end result is that the blood pressure starts to increase .
However , our experience is that in this setting as well , lipoplasty alone is sufficient in approximately one half of cases , whereas a combination of lipoplasty and direct excision to provide a smooth , even contour is appropriate for other patients .
The killing of Arizona rancher Robert Krentz has prompted the state ’s governor , its most influential senator , and its farming community to say that Washington is not doing enough to prevent illegal immigration and secure the border with Mexico .
Mr. Krentz was found Saturday , fatally shot and slumped over in his all - terrain vehicle , which still had its lights and engine on .
Law enforcement officials tracked footprints from the scene back to the border , raising speculation that the killer is an illegal immigrant .
The apparent murder heightens the tension surrounding the immigration reform debate , with advocates of much stricter immigration controls saying Krentz 's death highlights the urgent need for significantly increased border security .
Already , Krentz ’s death is being held up as evidence that border violence is spiraling out of control as the Obama administration mulls immigration reform that could include a path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants in the United States .
“ It ’s scary , ” says Dawn Garner , a teacher and yoga instructor whose small ranch abuts the border near Naco , Ariz . , just miles from Krentz ’s ranch .
She says she counts “ at least 12 ” immigrants crossing her property every day .
“ It ’s become Grand Central Station out here since the Obama administration began talking about comprehensive reform , ” says Ms. Garner , whose daughter knows Krentz ’s son .
“ They ’re all trying to get up here quickly so they can be inside the country when amnesty – or whatever they want to call it – is announced . ”
Calls for action
Since Saturday , Gov. Jan Brewer ( R ) and Sen. John McCain ( R ) have called on the Department of Homeland Security to deploy the National Guard to the Arizona border .
The Arizona Farm Bureau added : “ Until Congress addresses securing the border , all necessary resources should be focused on Arizona 's border . ”
Authorities have not announced any motive for the killing , nor have they officially suggested that the killer was an illegal immigrant .
For his part , Krentz was well known in the area as a rancher who was kind to illegal immigrants he found on his property , despite having been robbed by them once .
“ You know , if they come in and ask for water , I 'll still give them water , " he told PBS 's " Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly " in 1999 .
“ You know , that 's just my nature . "
Krentz ’s brother , however , had called border patrol agents the day before the killing .
The agents stopped a caravan of illegal immigrants carrying 280 pounds of marijuana , raising the possibility of the crime being retaliation .
An appeal for patience
Experts caution that authorities must understand what happened before conclusions should be drawn .
“ An important question to ask is whether the killing of Robert Krentz is more an aberration than the norm at the Arizona border , ” says Catherine Wilson , an immigration analyst at Villanova University in Philadelphia .
“ Did the immigrant responsible for Krentz ’s death have ties to the drug - trafficking trade ?
Will we be seeing more violence at the border due to the heightening of drug - related crime in northern Mexico ? ”
Advocates for immigrants say Krentz ’s death is less an issue of illegal immigration than of the increasing lawlessness in the border areas of Mexico , which affects American citizens and immigrants alike .
“ It took the life of a Caucasian rancher , an innocent soul , to garner the attention of the violence on the border , ” says Angelica Salas , director of the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles ( CHIRLA ) .
“ Countless individuals have been murdered at the border during the crossing by ... criminals and their sophisticated networks . ”
“ Without legal channels for entry into the US , without reform , those who control the border are violent criminals , and the victims are innocent people , including the undocumented , who are raped , injured , and killed , ” she adds .
The irregular black shapes in this Cassini radar image of Titan 's northern polar region are believed to be liquid methane - ethane lakes .
A lake of asphalt may be the closest thing on Earth to thehydrocarbon seas on Saturn 's moon Titan , and it isapparently teeming with microbial life .
Notonly could these findings help in the searchfor aliens in our own solar system , but they could provide insight into theevolution of life on this planet .
The largest naturally occurring asphaltlake on Earth is Pitch Lake on the Caribbeanisland of Trinidad , where black goo oozes across roughly 114 acres , anarea slightly larger than that covered by Vatican City .
Brimming as it is with hot asphalt and bubbling with carbondioxide and hydrocarbon gases , Pitch Lake hardly seems fit for life .
However , scientists now find eachgram of sticky black goo in Pitch Lake can harbor up to 10 million microbes , includingbacteria as well as other single - celled organisms known as archaea .
This life , which dwells in asphalt ranging between 90 to 132 degrees F ( 32 to 56 degrees C ) , apparently feeds offhydrocarbons .
Instead of breathing oxygen , it respires with the aid ofmetals ?
perhaps iron or manganese .
Theresearchers collected six samples from the lake .
" Thetar itself sticks to everything ?
imagine really smelly molasses , " saidresearcher Steven Hallam , a microbial systemsecologist at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver .
Each sample contained a distinct microbial population .
Most of thebacteria appear related to ones found in oxygen - depleted sediments , methaneseeps or oil reservoirs .
However , some of the archaeathey saw " fall far enough away from known groups as to represent novellineages , " Hallam said .
Water levels in the asphalt arelow , at or below thereported threshold for life on Earth , so the life the researchers found in thelake might be constrained to watery pockets within the surrounding asphalt , similar to what is seen bound in frozen lakes and glaciers in the McMurdoDry Valleys in Antarctica .
The fact that E. coli gut bacteria cangenerate most of their own water and that fungus found in kerosene can extractwater from light hydrocarbons could point to how life can survive even whenlittle to no liquid water is available .
Aside from the very cold surface conditionson Titan , the environmental conditions within Pitch Lake are one of the closest copycatsfor that moon that we can find on our planet .
The discovery of a broadspectrum of microbes in this lake enhances the possibility for life in Titan ?
shydrocarbon seas , researchers said .
Some of Titan 's hydrocarbon reservoirsmight be heated from below , providing energy that potentially enhances the possibility of at least the precursor molecules for life .
" An obvious future step is to look at the adaptationmechanisms of these microbes and how they manage to make a living in PitchLake , which will give us also some idea of possible adaptation mechanisms forputative extraterrestrial life on Titan , " said researcher Dirk Schulze - Makuch , an astrobiologist atWashington State University who also is involved in this project .
Theprospect of life on Titan is exciting " becauseif we find life there , it most likely would be of a separate origin , which wouldgreatly inform us how diverse life truly can be and would also greatly increasethe chances of finding life outside of our solar system , " Schulze - Makuch added .
Future research could tease out the genes these microbes rely onto live off the hydrocarbons and metal in this asphalt .
Doing so could shedlight on potential alien life , and even lead to new life - detection tests thatlook for a broader array of biomarkers .
This research also could be useful in the quest to make energysources on Earth less polluting .
Hallam saidtheir study could lead to ways " to manufacture microbial treatment systemsfor cleaner fuel processing or the development of harvesting approaches thatfocus on the recovery of natural gas , a by - product of oil degradation . "
Microbial life had earlier been detected in the La Brea TarPits in Los Angeles , although that research " was more focused on thebiodegradation properties and biotechnological aspects of the system , " Hallam noted .
Also , while the bacteria in Pitch Lake and LaBrea have similarities , the archaea populations atPitch Lake appear more diverse .
Such research into asphalt lakes on Earth does n't only give hintsas to what life might be elsewhere in the universe , but also what it might havebeen like in the ancient past on our planet before it adapted to oxygen .
" It 's primordialin that sense , " Hallam said .
The scientists note this miniature version of Titan on Earth is shrinkingdue in part to asphalt mining for road - paving operations .
" It is adelicate balance between the need to conserve such an interesting naturallaboratory and the economic development of the island , " Hallam added .
" It would be something if there were away to promote ecotourism to the site . "
The scientists have submitted their findingsto the journal Astrobiology .
… and thank me later .
Dear Friend ,
I have no idea how you found this website .
Perhaps a friend referred you .
Perhaps you read about it in some publication .
Whatever the reason , you have just arrived at what is , without question , the most valuable website on the internet for anyone wanting to stop the alcohol red face .
Here ’s why : Back in the summer of 2006 , I published a book called the No Red Face Formula .
It explained how to avoid alcohol flushing using items found in a typical supermarket .
The price was $ 37 and , with very little promotion , I soon had readers in over 40 different countries .
Over the following decade I received thousands upon thousands of emails from people telling me how my book had helped them cure their alcohol red face , saved their social lives , strengthened their business relationships … and in many other ways … improved their lives greatly .
That got me thinking …
“ Well , if my book is helping people this much … then … it should be made accessible to more people . ”
STOP ALCOHOL RED FACE WITH A BOOK ?
Yes !
Well , more like a short , easy to follow guidebook .
In fact , it ’s the only way to effectively eliminate all symptoms .
If you ’re looking for a one - pill cure for alcohol redness , you ’re dreaming .
The only way to stop flushing from alcohol with any degree of consistency is to have a pregame plan that covers more than just popping pills .
For example , did you know that the type and amount of food in your stomach significantly affects the severity of your alcohol flushing ?
Did you also know that the type of alcohol you consume can mean the difference between slightly pink cheeks and a full - on red flushing breakout ?
What if I told you that all you needed to do was follow 7 simple steps to never have to worry about your alcohol flushing ever again ?
Not only that , the elevated heart beat , breathing difficulties , headaches , nausea , and overall feeling of illness , will no longer come in the way of you living a full , fun and rewarding social life .
Just 7 simple steps , outlined in a short and easy to read guide , known to over 10,000 satisfied customers as the No Red Face Formula .
So go on , get the book , follow the steps and begin living the kind of social life you deserve .
A Christchurch teenager has admitted she made a false complaint of being forced into a car on Riccarton Road , tied up , and repeatedly raped .
She was told by Judge Stephen Erber in the Christchurch District Court today that her lies had " devalued the currency " for women who made genuine complaints of rape .
People might consider other women 's complaints more sceptically because of the actions of 19 - year - old student Michelle Anne Taruka Grafton , he said .
Grafton eventually admitted the complaint was false and pleaded guilty in court today to a charge of making a false statement that a crime had been committed .
" In explanation , she stated she did it because she liked the attention , " police prosecutor Constable Michael Tualii told the court .
He said the police were called because of what Grafton told medical staff .
She told police she had been abducted by a man she knew at 3 pm on Saturday December 19 , from Riccarton Road .
She said he had forced her into a car , driven her to an address in Yaldhurst , and tied her hands to a sofa bed where she was forced to have sex with him several times .
She managed to escape at 7 am next day , when he left for work .
A specialised medical examination for victims of sexual assaults was carried out .
Grafton was interviewed again at the Christchurch South Police Station four days later and signed a written statement repeating her claims .
" Subsequent police inquiries have revealed these allegations to be totally fabricated , " said Mr Tualii .
Grafton admitted lying , when she was interviewed again on February 28 .
Judge Erber remanded her on bail for sentence on July 1 .
Proof COVID Came From Chinese Lab
By James Rickards
Posted September 21 , 2020
Obviously , this outbreak started in Wuhan , China late in 2019 and spread from there , first to other parts of China then to the entire world
Filed to : How To
Reader Max Buser 's company was hit by the bad McAfee update earlier today .
Here 's how they got everything working again :
McAfee Update Shuts Down XP
Machines McAfee corporate customers across the globe using Windows XP experienced massive shutdowns today as Read more
Advertisement
UPDATE : McAfee has also released their official fixes here .
This is the fix we have been using on machines that were hit to get them back online ; your mileage may vary , but it 's worked for us :
1 . If your computer is forcing you to shutdown ( you are getting an error with a countdown ) , go to Start - Run and type cmd .
At the command prompt type ' shutdown - a ' without the quotes .
[ This will abort the Windows shutdown . ]
Advertisement
2. Open up the McAfee console ( Start -> Programs -> McAfee )
3. Disable Access Protection and On - Access Scanner
4. Double click your Quarantine Manager in that window , and restore the files there ( right click on it and select restore ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
5 . Go to your services console ( right click on My Computer , select ' Manage ' , and click on the services in the left pane ) .
Make sure both RPC ( Remote Procedure Call ) services are running .
6. Start ( or restart if already running ) the McAfee Framework service .
7. Back in the McAfee console , select Tools -> Rollback DATs
( If this does n't work , chances are you need to mess with your network services to get a connection to your corporate repository .
If you do n't know what I 'm talking about , you probably should n't try ) .
Advertisement
8. Reboot and you should be all set .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Have you seen Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad waving at you as you drive around your city ?
The Iranian leader -- or at least his photograph -- zips around the nation 's capital on the side of buses .
And he 's also popping up on billboards from Miami to St. Louis .
Ahmadinejad seems to be smiling and waving .
But the words are deadly serious .
" Iran makes a KILLING every day we wait " the ad says .
The word " KILLING " is in all caps and dark letters next to a barrel of oil and a pile of American dollars .
It takes a closer reading to learn the advertisement supports clean energy legislation pending in Congress and an end to U.S. dependence on oil imports from countries like Iran .
" It 's obviously a bus ad .
You can't have a long essay , " said Eric Sapp , executive director of the American Values Network , creator of the ads .
" We wanted to get people 's attention . "
Some of the estimated 1 million Iranian - Americans in the United States are paying close attention .
And the National Iranian American Council is demanding the ads be removed , calling them insulting , simplistic and destructive .
Jamal Abdi , policy director for the National Iranian American Council , is meeting this week with the American Values Network .
In a letter , Abdi said the ads are provocative and look like they are advocating war against Iran .
" We take issue not with your ultimate goal of combating climate change , but rather with the destructive manner in which your message is being delivered and the unintended consequences it may help produce , " the NIAC letter says .
" Therefore , we strongly urge you to acknowledge the consequences of your ad campaign and to take immediate action to remove the ads in question . "
Read the letter to the president of the American Values Network
Sapp says the ad serves as a reminder that issues like climate change and national security can intersect .
" A lot of people understand energy legislation is the right thing to do .
We 're telling people to do the right thing and the patriotic thing -- and that doing nothing results in significant amount of money going to our enemies . "
Sapp says Iran takes U.S. money for oil and turns it against Americans .
" They are clearly a threat .
They 're responsible for the bullets and bombs that kill our troops , " he said .
The ads , and the disagreement about their appropriateness , come at a time when the United States is trying to pressure Iran to halt its nuclear program ; and there is talk of additional action , up to and including military action , if diplomacy fails .
Its critics worry that the ad campaign makes an already toxic political environment even worse .
Read the American Values Network 's web posting
" It kinds of piggy - backs on a serious debate we are having , and it does so in a very reckless way , " Abdi told CNN .
The American Values Network calls itself a group of people of faith and others of good will and claims it tries to build support for progressive issues in a new way .
Its Web site says U.S. Senate delay costs Americans dearly .
" Every day the Senate waits to pass clean energy legislation , Iran makes $ 100,000,000.00 more on the global oil market .
A report by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology demonstrated that the changes resulting from the clean energy legislation being considered in Congress right now would reduce Iran 's income from oil sales by $ 100 million per day , " the Web site says .
One of the authors of the MIT report says the American Values Network estimates " seems in the ballpark . "
Senior Lecturer John Reilly told CNN that the $ 100 - million - a - day figure in fact applies to oil imports not just from Iran or the Middle East .
" The basic idea that such legislation would reduce oil dependence by an amount like this is sound , " Reilly said .
Abdi is not convinced .
He bristles that the ad lumps all Iranians with Ahmadinejad and is hurtful to Iranian - Americans who call the United States home .
" I have n't talked to anyone who says this has contributed in any meaningful way to either the debate over Iran policy or environmental issues , " he said .
The Ordnance Survey have today published the first in a series of open datasets .
In addition to the administrative geography that was published last year , the Linked Data available from data.ordnancesurvey .co.uk now includes data from their 1:50 000 Scale Gazetteer .
In this blog post I thought I ’d post an overview of the dataset to summarise what it contains .
Analysis
The Gazetteer identifiers all have a base URL of :
http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/id/50kGazetteer/ .
The base URL is suffixed with a unique numeric code .
I ’m not sure where this originates from , and its not present in the underlying data .
The dataset consist of 2,368,655 triples ( individual facts ) asserted over 259,080 unique resources .
So about 9 triples per resource .
Here ’s how the properties break down :
The first few properties are labels and a type for each resource .
The additional predicates are from the OS Spatial Relations ontology , providing the Eastings and Northings for each feature .
The remainining four predicates provide a “ feature type ” and OS map & grid references .
There are slightly more map references , so some resources have more than one such property , i.e. because they ’re large enough to span a particular map .
You can see that there are no links to other datasets as yet , or lat / long co-ordinates .
Lets look closer at some of the predicates .
For the RDF types , I discovered that the every resource has the same type , they ’re all instances of a “ Named Place ” :
http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/ontology/50kGazetteer/NamedPlace .
Presumably then the detailed classification for the different types of landscape feature is present in the “ feature type ” predicate .
A SPARQL query to count and group the values for that predicate gives me :
We can see that 128,662 resources ( 49 % of total ) are simply “ Other ” with another 41,228 being “ Other Settlement ” ; not that inspiring !
The rest of the feature types are more interesting , and give us some very basic data on various geographic features .
The Roman Antiquity features piqued my interested ; Hadrian ’s Wall has the following identifier ( click to see the data ) :
http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/id/50kGazetteer/106584
The values for the Easting and Northing properties should be obvious , so I ’ll skip over those .
The remaining properties are all map references , and the values of these are all resources .
So the Gazetteer has begun assigning URIs to all of the 1KM and 20 KM grid references , as well as each of OS LandRanger Maps .
Here are some sample URLs for each , taken from the descripion of Hadrian ’s Wall :
http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/id/1kmgridsquare/NY3359
http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/id/20kmgridsquare/NY24
http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/id/OSLandrangerMap/85
The URIs seem predictable and can probably be derived from data found elsewhere .
Unfortunately , no further data has been included about these resources .
I believe they are place - holders for data that has yet to be released .
Overall the data in the Gazetteer is pretty sparse but presumably it will become much richer once more OS data is released .
Latitude and longitudes is something that I ’d particularly like to see added .
There ’s an opportunity here for someone to link up these resources with pages in Wikipedia & resources in DbPedia .
Sample Queries
If you want to play with the data , here are a couple of SPARQL queries to get you started .
The first retrieves 10 features classified as Roman Antiquities
PREFIX rdfs : < http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#>
PREFIX spatial : < http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/ontology/spatialrelations/>
PREFIX gaz : < http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/ontology/50kGazetteer/>
SELECT ?uri ? label ?easting ?
northing ? one ? twenty ? map WHERE { ?uri # filter on type gaz : featureType gaz : RomanAntiquity ; #bind everything we want to return rdfs : label ? label ; spatial : easting ?
easting ; spatial : northing ?
northing ; gaz:oneKMGridReference ?one ; gaz:twentyKMGridReference ?twenty ; gaz:mapReference ?map .
} LIMIT 10
Results in JSON
The following query lists all of the features on a specific OS Landranger map .
So even though we do n’t ( yet ) have any details about the map , we can use its identifier as a means to filter the results :
PREFIX rdfs : < http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#>
PREFIX spatial : < http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/ontology/spatialrelations/>
PREFIX gaz : < http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/ontology/50kGazetteer/>
SELECT ?uri ? label ?easting ?
northing ?
featureType WHERE { ?uri # filter on map reference gaz : mapReference < http://data.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/id/OSLandrangerMap/85>; # bind everything we want to return rdfs : label ? label ; spatial : easting ?
easting ; spatial : northing ?
northing ; gaz : featureType ?featureType. }
Results in JSON
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Digital radio stations BBC 6 Music and Asian Network are facing closure as part of a shake - up of the corporation , the director general has announced .
Mark Thompson also said that half of its websites would close by 2013 , along with teen services Switch and Blast .
He expected an extra £ 600 m ( $ 893 m ) to be diverted into programme - making as a result of the changes , but union Bectu feared up to 600 jobs could go .
The strategy review will now go out to public consultation .
6 Music presenter Adam Buxton said he did not understand why a station with such devoted listeners had to close .
FIVE EDITORIAL BBC PRIORITIES 1 .
The best journalism in the world 2 .
Inspiring knowledge , music and culture 3 .
Ambitious UK drama and comedy 4 . Outstanding children 's content 5 . Events that bring communities and the nation together
Full strategic review report Mr Thompson pledged that in future , 90 p of every licence fee £ 1 will be spent on programming and the corporation would spend 25 % less on BBC online .
The review , which has been submitted to the BBC Trust , said more money will be ploughed into international news and the BBC must put a higher proportion of the licence fee into quality programmes to make " fewer things better " .
Radio 2 needed to " sharpen its distinctiveness in its range of music and speech " and while the quality of local radio should be increased , he proposed sharing more programmes across outlets during off - peak periods .
Mr Thompson admitted that teenagers would have to rely on Channel 4 and other broadcasters for programmes specifically aimed at them .
Adam and Joe presenter Adam Buxton said 6 Music had a devoted following Mr Thompson said the earliest 6 Music and Asian Network would close would be the end of 2011 .
The proposed cuts have been criticised by music industry figures , with the heads of the British Phonographic Institute and the Association of Independent Music saying they were " surprised and alarmed " by the reports .
And Mr Buxton , who hosts 6 Music 's Adam and Joe show , told Channel 4 News the station had an " incredibly devoted and witty audience " and he did not understand the need to axe it when it was working so well .
Asian Network presenter Bobby Friction told the same programme : " Why cancel the one British Asian national space ?
It 's a British thing for everyone to listen to . "
A Facebook group titled Save BBC 6 Music has attracted over 89,000 members so far .
Music producer and musician Mark Ronson told BBC Radio 5 live he was " definitely joining the petition " to keep 6 Music on air .
He added : " It would be a bad thing if it closed down .
It 's great old music , it 's great new bands .
People on that station love music . "
Meanwhile , broadcasting workers ' union Bectu , said up to 600 jobs could go .
INSIDER'S VIEW Torin Douglas , Media correspondent
For the first time , the BBC is explicitly reducing its commitment to some audiences and urging them to switch to its commercial competitors .
It says Channel 4 should take the lead in providing public - service TV programming for young teenagers , and is closing BBC Switch and Blast .
This means that its children 's audience - one of the BBC 's new priorities - will have to be wooed back later , perhaps through BBC
Three , which it says " has learned to be bold and challenging , with programmes that engage young audiences " .
The BBC is also encouraging 30 - to - 50 - year - olds to listen to popular music on commercial radio , instead of the three BBC national stations which they currently enjoy .
6 Music is to be closed and Radio 1 and Radio 2 " refocused " to appeal to other age groups .
The BBC says 6 Music " competes head - on for a commercially valuable audience " and would damage the commercial stations if it tried to attract more listeners .
6 Music fans say commercial radio wo n't support new music in the same way .
Send us your comments General secretary of the organisation , Gerry Morrissey , said : " It is obvious that the BBC is being bounced by its competitors and by the political climate ahead of the upcoming general election .
" It is not acceptable for the BBC to be offering up services and jobs as some kind of sacrifice ahead of the general election . "
Jeremy Dear , general secretary of the National Union of Journalists , added : " These plans smack of an attempt to appease commercial and political interests .
Hard - working staff should n't be used as a political football and we will fight any compulsory redundancies . "
Union leaders will meet Mr Thompson on Wednesday but have already warned industrial action might take place to fight the cuts .
Mr Thompson has denied that the proposals have anything to do with the forthcoming election .
" The proposed changes we are announcing today are not a piece of politics .
It is also not a blueprint of a small BBC or a BBC that is in retreat from digital , " he said .
BBC Worldwide is expected to go through a period of change , with the possible loss of magazines such as Top Gear , Radio Times and Gardeners ' World .
It will also move to a more international focus , deriving at least two - thirds of its revenue from outside the UK by 2015 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I have been following , and am passionate about , the positive psychology movement for quite some time , but was surprised to discover that there was something called positive neuroscience also in place .
I recently came across this new scientist article about the research paper of Rex Jung et al and was pleased to discover that Jung was working on the frontier of applying latest in neuroscience research to Positive brain states and substrates like that involved in creativity .
The article is in PLOSOne , an open access journal and is lucidly written , so you should go and read it now .
I ’ll anyway like to summarize their study results .
First a bit of background about creativity psychopathology linkage .
Some research reports positive correlations between various definitions of creativity and a diagnosis of psychopathology [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] .
Other studies report that psychopathology is rarely , if ever , associated with creative insight , capacity , or productivity [ 5 ] .
When artists are studied more carefully , certain personality characteristics appear to reside upon a continuum of both normal behavior and psychopathology .
For example , creative expression in the visual arts and poetry has been linked with the overlapping personality traits of schizotypy and Openness to Experience ( Openness ) , and particularly to self - reports of “ unusual experiences ” and “ unconventional nonconformity ” , but not the “ introvertive anhedonia ” characteristic of schizophrenia [ 6 ] .
This is inline with what we have been covering at mouse trap regarding association of creativity with the psychotic spectrum especially the creativity that is artistic or revolutionary in nature rather than scientific and methodical in nature .
This is how the authors distinguish between types of creativity inline with my views that one type of creativity is autistic ( cognitive ) in nature while the other is psychotic ( emotional ) and these are on a continuum .
First , there does not exist one “ creativity ” ; rather , this construct is hypothesized to reside upon a continuum between cognitive ( i.e. , scientific ) and emotional ( i.e. , artistic ) behavioral domains [ 41 ] , [ 42 ] .
Thus , when comparing scientists and artists directly , researchers have found lower lifetime rates of psychopathology for : 1 ) scientists compared to artists , 2 ) natural scientists compared to social scientists , 3 ) nonfiction writers compared to fiction writers and poets , and 4 ) formal artists compared to “ expressive ” artists [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] , [ 43 ] .
These findings have led researchers to hypothesize a hierarchical structure of creativity across disciplines [ 42 ] , which echoes the notions of “ paradigmatic ” ( i.e. , a fundamental model of events ) versus “ revolutionary ” ( i.e. , rejection of doctrines ) approaches as applied to the sciences [ 44 ] .
The benefits of working within the lines of a given field appear to be lower levels of psychopathology ; alternately , individuals with lower levels of psychopathology may be attracted to such endeavors .
Similarly , there is increasing evidence that the cost of “ revolutionary ” approaches to creative endeavors , whether it is in the arts or sciences , may be associated with increased levels of psychopathology although , again , causative links are weak at best .
So that fits in with broader creativity / psychopathology linkage , but to get back to the current study the authors had already established earlier that performance on Divergent Thinking ( DT ) ( a measure of creativity ) “ exhibited significant inverse relationships with both cortical thickness in frontal lobe regions and metabolite concentration of N - acetyl - aspartate ( NAA ) in the anterior cingulate cortex in normal young subjects “ .
Thus , some theoretical relationship between creativity and underlying brain circuitry in the frontal reagion was available a priori .
Also , research by other researchers has already established that ” Both schizophrenic and bipolar patients have been shown to have reduced fractional anisotropy ( FA ) in the anterior thalamic radiation [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] and uncinate fasciculus [ 14 ] within frontal brain regions .
Similarly , reduced FA was observed within the uncinate fasciculus of a cohort with schizotypal personality disorder , providing strong support for the hypothesis that similar neural phenotypes may not result in full - blown clinical symptoms [ 15 ] .
Finally , in normal subjects , the Neuroregulin - 1 ( NRG1 ) single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNP’s ) SNP8NRG243177 and SNP8NRG221533 were found to predict lower FA in the left anterior thalamic radiation [ 16 ] .
As NRG1 has been found to predict higher risk of schizophrenia [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] and bipolar disorder [ 19 ] , and is linked with axonal myelination and migration [ 20 ] , these authors hypothesize a mechanistic link between NRG1 within the anterior thalamic radiation and risk for psychotic disorders [ 16 ] . ”
Thus , from the above it is easy to see that there should be a inverse relationship between Fractional Anisotropy ( a construct related to myelination of axons ) in the frontal regions and creativity if one assumes that creativity and psychopathology are related and are on one end of a continuum .
And this inverse relationship between creativity and FA is exactly what they found :
Our results suggest a convergence between a cognitive measure of divergent thinking , a personality measure of Openness , and a white matter integrity measure within the inferior frontal lobes .
We found that normal young subjects with lower levels of FA within predominantly left inferior frontal white matter ( i.e. , regions overlapping the uncinate fasciculus and anterior thalamic radiation ) scored higher on the CCI ; similarly subjects with lower levels of FA within the right frontal white matter ( i.e. , regions overlapping the uncinate fasciculus and anterior thalamic radiation ) scored higher on self - reported measures of Openness .
These two regions of white matter overlap with those reported by other researchers who found lower FA in both schizophrenia and bipolar disorder [ 13 ] , [ 14 ] , [ 30 ] .
They could also nail the reduced FA to reduced myelination as radial diffusion was affected more than axial diffusion .
As reduced myelination has been shown as a diatheisis for psychosis , this fits in with previous research linking risk factors common to psychosis and creativity .
Whereas more neural resources are often associated with higher intellectual capacity in a parieto - frontal network of brain regions [ 39 ] , studies in DT appear to suggest that less is often better in a different network of brain regions , particularly fronto - cingulate - subcortical networks linked via white matter loops [ 40 ] .
One can speculate that frontal region , more concerned with executive control , when with reduced activity or functional connectivity , may not inhibit the other brain regions that much , and may thus lead to flowering of inherent creativity and cross - talk amongst different brain regions .
On the other hand too much white matter / gray matter in this region may lead to too much control and leave little room for flexibility and creativity .
However , while lower FA is commonly seen in diseases where both cognition and white matter integrity are impaired ( e.g. , Traumatic Brain Injury , Schizophrenia , Alzheimer ’s disease ) [ 45 ] , [ 46 ] , [ 47 ] , evidence is accumulating that higher FA in particular brain regions may also be associated with clinical disorders including post - traumatic stress disorder [ 48 ] , obsessive - compulsive disorder [ 49 ] , panic disorder [ 50 ] , synaesthesia [ 51 ] , and Williams syndrome [ 52 ] .
It is interesting to note that enhanced FA is associated with clinical disorder of Williams syndrome , which is associated with Autism ; on the other end of continuum , reduced FA in particular brain region is associated with psychosis proneness , thus providing another convergent linkage of autism and psychosis as opposites .
Jung , R. , Grazioplene , R. , Caprihan , A. , Chavez , R. , & Haier , R. ( 2010 ) .
White Matter Integrity , Creativity , and Psychopathology : Disentangling Constructs with Diffusion Tensor Imaging PLoS ONE , 5 ( 3 ) DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0009818
GD Star Rating
loading ...
, 10.0 out of 10 based on 1 rating
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Reddit
Pocket
More
Print
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Effecient Related Posts :
For six years , " Lost " fans have reveled in " The Giacchino " and probably did n't even realize it .
" The Giacchino " refers to composer Michael Giacchino 's poignant and gripping " Lost " score , a body of music that easily transports Losties to the episode , scene , character and moment for which it was written .
Executive producers Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof coined the term as a shorthand direction in their scripts for the actors and director .
Essentially , it indicates everyone needs to brace for Big Feelings Now .
Whether it's the mournful " Life and Death " track or the melancholic " Oceanic 6 " or the fabulously exciting " The Tangled Web , " Giacchino 's music has been one of the forces to separate " Lost " from the TV pack .
Thursday night , the " Lost " score will take center stage at UCLA 's Royce Hall in a farewell event to the ABC series that will feature Giacchino conducting a 47 - member orchestra .
Composed of students from the Colburn School of Performing Arts and nine members of Giacchino 's " Lost " ensemble , the " Lost Live " orchestra will perform seven songs from " Lost . "
Several " Lost " actors -- Jorge Garcia , Daniel Dae Kim , Naveen Andrews , Michael Emerson and Nestor Carbonell -- will also participate in the program .
" For me , it 's about the fact that I get to bring this to the people that allowed us to do this for six years -- the fans who are so devoted to the show , " Giacchino said .
" It 's really something pretty special when you get to bring it to them personally like this . "
On Monday night , I attended a rehearsal for the event at the Colburn School .
Cuse , who came up with the idea for " Lost Live , " which will benefit Colburn , also made an appearance .
" If you were to close your eyes and try to identify a television show just by the music , ' Lost ' is one of the very few shows that you would be able to do that , " Cuse said .
Let 's give it a try .
Click on the following videos to take a trip down " Lost " memory lane .
To read more about " Lost Live " and Giacchino 's music , go here .
The following video shows the orchestra rehearsing snippets of the numbers ; Giacchino telling the musicians about his last recording session for " Lost " ; and Carlton Cuse observing the practice .
It ends with a special treat : a sampling of the " Up " score for which Giacchino won an Oscar and a Grammy .
In this video , the orchestra rehearses " Oceanic 6 . "
In this video , the orchestra rehearses " The Tangled Web . "
-- Maria Elena Fernandez
Photo : Michael Giacchino and the " Lost Live " orchestra rehearsing on Monday .
Credit : Gary Friedman
Videos credit : Maria Elena Fernandez
Violent black radical Barack Hussein Obama
X is learning about wind energy in Iowa , The Washington Post reports in a most unfortunate photo caption error .
It appears Obama and Malcolm X were actually slated for separate stories .
The error has since been repaired .
Here is what they meant to do :
Truth in advertising : Paul Ryan blows the whistle on General Obama Motors ’ phony loan repayment
Have you seen the General Motors commercial that claims the company has now repaid all the taxpayer - funded bailout money ?
It ’s a lie .
A flat - out lie .
They simply emptied out one pot of bailout money to fill up another pot of bailout money .
Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) calls bullshit on the whole scam :
You may have read reports from the Obama Administration or seen ads on TV claiming that General Motors has fully paid back what it owes you the American taxpayer .
These claims struck me as odd and misleading .
The federal government still owns over 60 % of this auto company .
This so - called repayment is actually a transfer of $ 6.7 billion from one taxpayer - funded bailout account to another .
As this is your money , I think you deserve some clarity on this shell game .
My colleagues Congressmen Jeb Hensarling , Scott Garrett and I have asked Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner to provide an updated , accurate , and honest account of the taxpayer money that is still propping up General Motors .
If anyone is owed a clear and honest explanation it is those hit hardest by the downturn in the auto industry , including those I serve in Janesville , Kenosha , Oak Creek and the surrounding communities in Southern Wisconsin .
It is time to put an end to the crony capitalism in Washington .
Watch the shells closely and tell me which one covers the pea .
IRISH SHIP TO GAZAWAS SABOTAGED BY ISRAEL .
OUR SHIP WILL SAIL AFTER REPAIRS IN THE AUTUMN .
WE SAIL UNTIL GAZA IS FREE !!PLEASE DONATE TO HELP US PAY FOR REPAIRS
This is an important new change .
But in the near future we will be removing support for Flash from our OS X operating system .
This is for all the same reasons that I cited in my essay , “ Thoughts on Flash . ”
Those reasons apply to OS X as well as to iPhone .
And let ’s go over them again :
1 . We ’re all about being open .
The Mac with OS X is the most open environment ever .
Except when it ’s running Flash .
Thus , goodbye Flash .
2. Hardly any videos use Flash anymore .
The ones that do are n’t watching .
Take my word on this .
3 . Flash is the number one reason Macs crash .
Well , not anymore .
4. Battery life .
I ca n’t tell you how many emails I get from people begging me to disable Flash so that their MacBook Pro will run longer .
I mean literally I can’t tell you .
But it ’s a lot .
Well , friends , your wish has been granted .
5. Mice .
Flash was designed for them .
MacBook Pro does not have one .
6. Cross platform .
Simply put , our customers do not want a world in which it is easy for developers to write apps that run on many platforms .
They want this work to be hard for developers .
I do n’t know why .
You ’ll have to ask the customers .
We ’re just listening to them , and doing what they want .
Conclusions : No more Flash on the Mac .
Now let ’s celebrate .
Also :
As of some day really soon , Gawker Media Web sites will not be supported in Safari , both on iPhone OS and OS X . Purely for technology reasons .
Same for advertisements sold by Google .
They were fine in the PC era .
But now they just look ugly .
Our users do n’t want them on their Macs .
Also : Under iPhone OS 4.0 , certain phone numbers will not work on iPhone , both for incoming and outgoing calls .
We wo n’t tell you which numbers these are , but trust us , they ’re not numbers you should be calling , and definitely not numbers you want calling you .
If you call us to find out whether a certain number is on our blocked list , we will tell you the following : “ That information is not available . ”
That is all for now .
For a longer explanation of why these changes make sense , stay tuned to John Gruber .
Killer App Drones Are Lynchpin of Obama 's War on Terror
CIA drones are killing terrorists -- and civilians -- in Pakistan almost every day .
The unmanned aircraft are becoming the weapon of choice in the fight against al - Qaida and its allies .
But the political , military and moral consequences are incalculable .
SPIEGEL ONLINE has investigated Barack Obama 's remote - controlled campaign against terrorism .
Von SPIEGEL ONLINE Staff
Buried by a Welsh beach for 60 years , the World War II fighter that has emerged from the seas
I t has been hidden under the the sands and waves since it crashed off the coast of Wales in 1942 .
But now this wreckage of a rare World War fighter plane may soon be back on dry land .
Described as ' one of the most important WWII finds in recent history ' , the location of the Lockheed P38 Lightning has been kept a secret to keep the amazing find safe .
Known as the Maid of Harlech the United States Army Air Force ( USAAF ) fighter crashed on the Gwynedd coast when it was taking part in training exercises and its engines cut out .
The World War II Lockheed P38 Lightning buried under sand and waves on a Welsh beach , its location is being kept secret Amazingly pilot Lt Robert Elliott walked away from the incident without a scratch but tragically went missing in action just three months later serving in the American 's Tunisia campaign in North Africa .
These incredible pictures show how the previously undetected Lightning suddenly appeared on a Wales beach in 2007 .
Shifting water displaced sand which had hidden it for 60 years and revealed a gem find for aviation buffs .
But now a charity has announced plans to next year retrieve the wreckage .
The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery are looking for support and a British museum who will accept the fascinating American machine as a gift to display at their venue for history lovers .
TIGHAR are the only non-profit organisation of their kind in the world and work tirelessly retrieving plane wrecks of historical importance and donate them to museums for the public to enjoy .
A diver and experts examine the Lockheed P38 Lightning which crashed on a training exercise in 1942 Second Lieutenant Robert F Elliott , USAAF the pilot of the crashed World War II fighter Led by Ric Gillespie , the team are preparing to journey next month to Gardner Island in the Pacific to find clues of missing American aviation legend Amelia Earhart .
Following that project , TIGAHR will turn their attention to ' The Maid ' and are trying to secure funding to pull the buried plane from the Welsh sands .
The group have been in discussions with the Imperial War Museum who were on site in 2007 as they performed an analysis of the Maid .
The aim was to determine if it could be safely retrieved and how they can stop the aged machine disintegrating when they do .
Ric said : ' The world 's beaches , bays and oceans are rich repositories of rare aircraft but they remain largely untapped because of the corrosive effects of immersion in sea water .
' Museums have raised historic aircraft from salt water in good condition and at great expense only to see them crumble to white powder in a matter of months .
' Techniques for conserving and stabilising metals recovered from nautical environments have been developed and tested but have never been applied to a complete aircraft .
' One of the proven processes involves partially dismantling the aircraft and submerging the pieces in tanks of a special solution through which a mild electric current is passed .
Detox can take a year or more but the end result is a relatively stable historic artefact that would otherwise have been lost .
On Thursday , I set my iPad up for the first time with the fold - out case and Bluetooth keyboard .
And I got walloped but good by Nostalgia .
Nostalgia that was chunky and green .
The heartbreaking fate of the lovable Newton is exemplar of everything that is wrong at an Apple without Steve Jobs , and why a customer reaction of “ Is that it ? ” can be a product designer ’s best friend .
Take a little trip in my time machine
We ca n’t pretend to understand the present without first understanding the past .
In this case , Apple ’s past :
1998 : A revolutionary , lovable Apple PDA with little squareish icons , on - screen keyboard , common icons across the bottom , single - tasking , and the best compact keyboard of the decade , complete with an ungainly but functional fold - out case .
The Newton .
2010 : A revolutionary , lovable Apple PDA with little squareish icons , on - screen keyboard , common icons across the bottom , single - tasking , and the best compact keyboard of the decade , complete with an ungainly but functional fold - out case .
The iPad .
One an unmitigated , iconic flop , the other destined to be a success of Biblical proportions .
What a difference a decade makes .
What a difference a Steve makes .
The unbearable lightness of being steved
Steve brutalizes any attempted whizzbang without a real purpose .
He ’s so famous for it that he ’s got his own verb .
Cutting - edge tech , fabulous , intuitive , friendly interface , lovable design — none of it matters , and nobody knows that more than Steve .
The Newton had all of those things and more .
To own a Newton was to love it .
It had the smile factor unlike anything else , since the original Macintosh .
The Newton was too ahead of its time .
The final version , the MessagePad 2100 , was released almost exactly a decade earlier than the first iPhone .
And so when Steve came back to Apple , he steved the Newton .
now , the technical problems were nothing
Critics slammed the Newton for being overpriced , for not having enough software , for the green screen , for the handwriting recognition ’s imperfections , and for its chunky design — well , they did n’t get it then , and they sure as hell do n’t get it now .
The problem with the Newton was n’t any physical or technical problem .
Those are easy to surmount .
The problem that broke the Newton was that nobody was prepared for it .
There was no mental slot in people ’s heads that the Newton could glide into .
Nothing like it had ever existed before .
It was revolutionary .
It was a total surprise .
the ipad has technical problems too , but it does n’t matter
Today , of course , it ’s an entirely different story : we ’re all intimately familiar with the concept of the little computer in our pocket .
We fell repeatedly for watered - down Palm handhelds which , in reality , we used rarely ; we replaced them with iPhones , which we use too much .
Now the same critics who shit - canned the Newton for the wrong reasons are shit - canning the iPad for the wrong reasons .
The iPad , though , unlike the Newton , is going to win , and win on an epic scale .
Nevertheless , the shortsightedness of punditry is evergreen .
Instead of praising the iPad , critics express their disappointment , because they expected more .
They expected a genre buster .
They expected something they ’d never seen before , something beyond their imagination .
Something revolutionary .
They ’re disappointed that the iPad is so… well … unsurprising .
Therein , of course , lies the genius .
the ipad is barely a surprise at all
The design , delivery , and timing of the iPad could n’t be more different than the Newton .
The iPad was n’t a surprise at all .
It ’s the capstone in a family of devices .
There ’s a cozy , pre-existing slot in people ’s brains that the iPad fills quite nicely .
“ Oh , ” they say .
“ It ’s a big iPhone . ”
It does n’t matter if they utter that phrase in distaste .
That little sand grain of dismissal becomes the core around which will form a pearl of understanding .
“ Trying to deal with email on the iPhone is tough .
The screen ’s too small . ”
“ I wish we could both work on this at the same time . ”
“ I ’d like to sketch concepts with touch , but I keep running off the borders . ”
Ding ding ding .
Steve knows , better maybe than anyone else , that you do n’t just slap a product out there and hope it will succeed .
You have to prepare people for it , first .
And it ’s better that people misunderstand a product , at first , than not understand it at all .
the “ of course ” model of innovation diffusion
People wo n’t buy a product if they ca n’t understand it immediately .
They ca n’t understand it immediately if their worldview does n’t already have a readymade place for it .
And their worldview wo n’t have a readymade place for it , if they ’ve never seen anything like it before .
Steve expertly wields the powerful tool that is the feeling of recognition .
That feeling tells us , hey , I ’ve been here before , and good things happened , and people were nice to me .
Recognition is a poor man ’s wisdom .
It helps people decide whether to buy .
Without recognition , they wo n’t even entertain the question .
So , because one Steve is worth a zillion other CEOs , Apple paves the way to the future by giving us devices we can understand today , in order to create more revolutionary ( but still recognizable ) devices tomorrow .
Do you doubt that the iPod was laying the groundwork for the iPad all along ?
the takeaway for you , the designer
The question becomes not Why is the iPad so obvious ?
but rather ,
What ’s next that we ’ll consider obvious by the time it comes ?
And How can I be the one to do it or take advantage of it ?
And ,
How can I use the feeling of recognition to introduce my next product ?
Intrigued ?
My personality - based recommendation system suggests that you also try my previous essay , Do n’t Listen to Le Corbusier — Or Jakob Nielsen .
If you ’re a freelancer , consultant , or somebody else who values their time , you should also check out Freckle time tracking , a product I designed & run .
I wrote and edited this essay in its entirety on my iPad , using my Apple bluetooth keyboard , and the iPad Pages app , and posted using the WordPress app .
I only inserted the images on my Mac .
It was awesome … and reminded me of writing posts for my old Mac news site , circa 1998 , on my Newton MessagePad .
Sniff .
Do n’t forget to subscribe .
Or follow me on Twitter .
In an interview with the New York Times , Andy Rubin , VP of Engineering at Google , put to rest all the rumors and confirmed that the upcoming Android 2.2 release known as “ Froyo ” will include support for Adobe Flash .
Flash for Android was first demonstrated on the T - Mobile G1 back in November 2008 and the Android community has been waiting with growing impatience for this feature to launch on their open source mobile platform .
Though Rubin was generous in sharing the Adobe Flash information , he failed to disclose even a tentative launch date for Android 2.2 .
Android fans are now left in the unenviable position of knowing that Flash support is coming in the next release but still relying on the rumor mill to predict when the release might rollout .
For those who are keeping track , the latest guesstimate points to a May unveiling .
Read
Pope Benedict XVI on Saturday accepted the resignation of a German bishop who admitted he beat children in a Catholic orphanage and also faces a pedophilia probe , the Vatican said .
Walter Mixa , 69 , had tendered his resignation as bishop of Augsburg and military bishop on Thursday .
The pope “ has accepted the renunciation of the pastoral government of the Augsburg diocese submitted by Walter Mixa ” , a Vatican statement said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Benedict accepted the resignation , less than five years after appointing him , under a code of canon law that allows the retirement of priests before the legal age of 75 due to “ illness ” or unspecified “ other serious reasons ” , it said .
The pope acted the day after German prosecutors said they were also probing pedophilia claims against Mixa , following media reports that he had been accused of sexually abusing a boy while bishop of Eichstaett between 1996 and 2005 .
The German weekly Focus said Saturday the pope had been told by senior German clergy of the sexual abuse allegations against Mixa before he resigned .
Mixa , who has reportedly retired to a clinic in Switzerland , at first rebuffed allegations that he beat children and youths at the Schrobenhausen orphanage between 1975 and 1996 in the face of several sworn statements from his accusers .
But he tendered his resignation to Benedict after admitting giving youngsters in his care “ a slap in the face or two ” , which he said was “ completely normal back then ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
The head of the Catholic Church in Germany , Robert Zollitsch , said , “ The pope ’s rapid decision allows for necessary clarity .
It gives all parties involved an opportunity for renewal . ”
Zollitsch , who is archbishop of Freiburg and president of the German Bishops ’ Conference , said “ the loss of credibility is weighing heavily ” on Germany ’s Catholic Church , but added he was confident authorities would be able to shed light on the various accusations .
Along with other European countries and the United States , the pope ’s native Germany has been rocked by revelations that children were physically and sexually abused in institutions , the vast majority run by the Roman Catholic Church .
ADVERTISEMENT
Most of the alleged abuse took place too long ago for authorities to be able to bring criminal proceedings but there have been calls to extend the statute of limitations .
The cases have badly damaged the standing of the Roman Catholic Church in Germany , and also of the pope , whose appointment five years ago as leader of the world ’s 1.1 billion Catholics was a source of great national pride .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Augsburger Allgemeine daily cited a lawyer for Mixa , long known as a hardliner who in February blamed sexual abuse of children by priests in part on “ the so - called sexual revolution ” of the 1960s and 70s , as rejecting the latest accusations .
Mixa also caused controversy with statements that compared abortion to the Holocaust , while slamming homosexuality and accusing Chancellor Angela Schroeder ’s Christian Democrat government of “ degrading women to birth machines ” for allowing mothers to return to their work places shortly after giving birth .
The diocese of Augsburg said it had alerted prosecutors to the accusations in line with new German Bishops ’
Conference guidelines following sharp criticism that the Catholic Church had not done enough to investigate in the past .
ADVERTISEMENT
Mixa ’s lawyer Gerhard Decker told the n-tv television station Saturday that his client rejected the latest allegations but was prepared to cooperate with investigators .
Critical Catholic lay movement We Are The Church said it was relieved that the pope accepted Mixa ’s resignation .
If the Catholic Church is to effectively fight a loss of trust “ full light must be shed as quickly as possible on all accusations ” , it said in a statement .
The Mixa case as well as resignations in other countries over the last years “ raises more and more urgent questions about how bishops are chosen ” , it added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Quoting sources close to the Catholic Church Der Spiegel news magazine meanwhile said Mixa was known by insiders to have been homosexual and to have been popular with young seminarians .
Spiegel ’s online site said in a comment Mixa passed from being “ the pope ’s darling to pariah ” , adding that he represented “ a Church as the pope wanted it .
A fundamentalist , a hardliner , a traditionalist ” .
The pope has accepted a number of resignations by high - ranking clergy over the past weeks .
On April 23 Belgian bishop Roger Vangheluwe quit his post after admitting sexually abusing a boy , the first such high - level resignation as more pedophilia revelations from the Church came to light .
ADVERTISEMENT
Vangheluwe , 73 , had taken up his post as bishop of the Flemish city of Bruges 25 years ago .
Benedict met with Belgian Church officials Saturday , broaching the Vangheluwe case only briefly , Belgian Catholic Church leader Andre- Joseph Leonard said .
But the Vatican said the visit was a “ fortunate opportunity to strengthen ” the ties between Belgium ’s Catholic community and the rest of the Church .
Earlier in April , Georg Mueller , a German - born former Catholic bishop in Norway , admitted sexually abusing a minor 20 years ago .
However , he had already stepped down last year , officially because he was unsuited for the work .
ADVERTISEMENT
Also in April Irish bishop James Moriarty , 73 , apologised to the victims of clerical child abuse , after his resignation was formally accepted by the pope , admitting he should have challenged a culture of secrecy .
I 'm afraid if you fail to file your Census form , you will not be counted amongst the general public .
Since you 're not counted , you do n't exist .
FEMA
Exterminators are usually sent within 30 days of lack of filing of the Census forms and unless you 're ready for Guantanamo listen carefully .
This will take courage and initiative so be ready .
30 days is the minimum wait period but since Obama 's been in office FEMA 's been busy ... they wo n't publicly say what but whatever the case may be , that 'll probably delay your FEMA Directive 84 F
Title 2 file from being filed for at least 60 days .
What you need to do now is get $ 10,424.99 hard cash ... I do n't care how , just get it .
Go to the nearest Post Office ( avoid looking at cameras ) and purchase the slowest possible A4 size envelope available .
PAY IN CASH or you will be zero'ed in on in seconds by your credit or ATM cards .
Get hold of a Census form and fill it out completely .
Date it one month prior to the due date of the Census .
You are to go to the following businesses and purchase the following products : Starbucks ; one Moccachino , 2 sugars : Walmart , one pack of cigarettes , one BIC lighter , one slice of Chocolate cake , Entamens if you can find it ; one Spanish to English dictionary ; one BIC pen ; one Sharpie , red ; one Russian to English Dictionary ; lip gloss , any color ; Crayola crayons , 12 pack ; one black shirt ; one black Spandex pants ; one pink bunny slippers ( do n't ask ) ; Walgreens , Hydrogen Peroxide , 6 % solution .
PAY IN CASH ONLY .
Now you need to get mobile .
If you still have your car keys with you DO NOT USE YOUR CAR and DO NOT go home .
Place the keys in a stamped envelope and mail them to your house , that way when this is all over you can get back to normal .
Get a cab or take a bus to the nearest Internet Cafe .
Use it to locate the nearest FEMA office .
Make a note of it 's location on paper .
DO NOT check your email , your IP address will be picked up instantly .
Take out the envelope and the products you purchased earlier .
Drink some of the Coffee , you 'll need the energy soon , and spill at least 100 mL on the Census form .
Do n't be too fancy .
Next use the crayons , lip gloss , and a smudge of chocolate icing to roughen up the papers , make them look old .
Use the Hydrogen Peroxide 6 % solution to further blend the colors into damaged - looking paper .
Now use the Spanish - English dictionary to translate and transcribe words , this time with the pen , onto the Census .
Write " Lost " , " Unidentified " , " misplaced " , and " American " on various parts of the census .
Use the Russian - English Dictionary to translate and transcribe " American " , " lost mail " , " some idiot from FEMA sent us this crud , use cheapest mail service to return " .
Write these with the Sharpie .
Go outside and have a smoke , it may be your last ( if you do n't smoke you may never get the chance again ) .
Use the lit cigarette to mark up the paper , but DO NOT LIGHT IT ON FIRE , or burn significant holes through it .
This next stage will be by far the most dangerous .
You must plant this inside the FEMA office nearest you at midnight as the night watchmen are changing shifts .
This will be the only time the cameras are not watched for a period of exactly 2 minutes and 57 seconds .
Put on the black clothing and keep the bunny slippers at hand .
Leave the cake slice near the entrance and wait for the guard to take the bait .
Put the slippers on .
When he bends over to pick it up , commence Kung - Fu fighting .
Depending on your location , the guards ' skill levels will be from negligible to amateur , and even a grand master will be distracted by the tightness of the spandex and the gayness of the slippers .
You should have no problem defeating him .
Take the keys and enter the facility .
Kung - Fu any guards which stand in your way .
Locate the guards room .
This is not only where the cameras are , but there should be a few donuts lying around .
Eat at least one , you will need the energy .
Find the office of the local FEMA special forces extermination squad and get there .
You will have only 1 minute , 23 seconds left before more guards , aware of your presence , arrive , this time with guns locked and loaded .
Get to the office .
The commander should be there , working late .
Be warned , to be in this office is to be a master of Kung Fu .
You must , however , defeat him before you may proceed .
Engage the officer with all your strength and fortitude , that of a Kung Fu Legend .
If possible , avoid getting within arms reach of him for more than 3.26 seconds or you will receive the Confucious Tittie Twister of Time , which is standard in FEMA Kung Fu training nowadays and is highly effective in sedating the opposition with blinding pain .
Nevertheless , you must overcome with tenacious bravery and courage .
Once you have defeated this Kung Fu master , place the envelope with the census form in it on his desk .
Write on the outside of the envelope a private message : " Relevant document to non-filer ( your name ) found , it was sent to Spain , Chile , and Russia in the New Orleans ice trucks by mistake . "
Place the census in the envelope , take off your slippers and swap them for the Kung Fu Master 's shoes , and leave .
You have 18 seconds before the other guards arrive .
Go back to the security room , prop one of the guards up against the camera controls , and spill liquid ( if there are no coffee or water dispensers , you 'll just have to make do with your own ) all over the controls .
This should fry the camera memory boards .
Leave immediately .
Locate and acquire your chocolate cake slice on your way out .
Eat . Enjoy .
In 24 hours time the FEMA Kung Fu fighting extermination team will be called off and the local commanding Kung Fu Master will know for sure that his duel with the Spandex and bunny slipper - wearing foe had to be some crazy dream .
You 're free to go !
I was hopeless at school , messy and terrible at spelling .
And although the term dyslexia was not something I came across until much later in life , when I did I understood immediately that I had a number of its symptoms .
My writing often had a jumbled logic .
The advent of computers , of course , brought spell - checkers , but even so my word blindness can carry such conviction that I sometimes find myself staring incredulously at the red line underneath words , before finally realising that " during " does not begin with a " J " .
I 'm reasonably well read but I read slowly ; books have always been a struggle .
I read one sentence , which sparks a thought , maybe causing my eyes to flicker , and I lose my place .
Recently , at the age of 57 , I got an iPhone .
Like many , I spent the first few hours loading up apps , including a Classics book app .
Some weeks later , while mending a client 's computer , waiting for the blue line to progress slowly across the screen , I began reading .
The first thing I noticed was that , while familiar with many of the books on the app , having seen a film version or been read them as a child , I had not myself read a single one .
Books which would have been part of many a youthful literary diet had passed me by .
Alice in Wonderland , Treasure Island , Tom Sawyer – I had n't read any of them ( but I have now ) .
The first title I selected was The Count of Monte Cristo .
I raced through this on my iPhone in just over a week , my wife asking why I was continually playing with my iPhone .
When I 'd finished I enjoyed the story so much that I went to buy a copy for a friend .
In the bookshop I was amazed .
It was more than 1,000 pages !
Had I been presented with the book in this form I would never have read it .
It would have been too much like climbing a mountain .
So why I had found it easier to read from my iPhone ?
First , an ordinary page of text is split into about four pages .
The spacing seems generous and because of this I do n't get lost on the page .
Second , the handset 's brightness makes it easier to take in words .
" Many dyslexics have problems with ' crowding ' , where they 're distracted by the words surrounding the word they 're trying to read , " says John Stein , Professor of Neuroscience at Oxford University and chair of the Dyslexia Research Trust .
" When reading text on a small phone , you 're reducing the crowding effect . "
I was so impressed that I contacted the Dyslexia Society , where Sue Flohr , herself dyslexic , recounted how her iPhone had changed her life .
She told me that many others share my experience reading books and the society is in talks with the government over making school textbooks available as eBooks .
Flohr said that her iPhone has not only brought greater organisation to her life , it has greatly improved her sense of self - esteem .
I share this sense and now see that when I proudly show off my iPhone to others it is not just a new bit of technology , but the centrepoint of my newly ordered life .
Echinacea .
Its the first thing that many people take when they feel a cold coming on .
Many people even take it throughout the winter months to prevent a cold from starting .
So what evidence is there for the use of this popular herb as a cold remedy ?
Traditional uses of Echinacea
Echinacea , or purple coneflower , grows across the continental United States .
It was traditionally used by Native Americans for a variety of ailments , as an antiseptic and antibiotic , to treat skin wounds ; it was useful for toothache , relieving sore throats and as a cure for snakebite .
The first English settlers used it for treating saddle sores .
As for it having a traditional use for colds , one source reports that only the Crow Indians used Echinacea for treating colds and upper respiratory infections ( 1 ) , another ( 2 ) that only the Cheyenne , did so .
It certainly appears that the modern indication of Echinacea for colds was not commonplace among the different Native American groups .
Echinacea was described , in the 1898 King ’s Medical Dispensary , as follows : “ Though now a well - known drug , echinacea stands peculiarly alone in being essentially a new remedy .
Many remedies which have lately been introduced can be traced back for years , and some of them for centuries , as having at some time occupied a place in either domestic or professional practice , but our ancient scientific works are silent concerning this species of echinacea . ” ( 3 )
Popularisation of Echinacea
The sense that it was a ‘ new ’ remedy may have arisen because in the 1870s , a doctor , one H.C.F .
Meyer , ‘ rediscovered ’ Echinacea and popularized it as a cure for snakebites , claiming that he had never had a case of snakebite that it could n’t cure .
Within 20 years , it had become the most popular herb in the USA ( 4 ) .
There was some initial confusion as to which species of Echinacea was to be used .
Gray , in the Synoptical Flora of North America ( 5 ) , wrote that Echinacea was “ Used in popular medicine under the name Black Sampson ” , but that name referred to Echinacea purpurea .
Meyer had actually based his remedies on Echinacea angustifolia , an altogether different , narrow leafed species .
To this day , many people are unaware of a difference and do not appreciate that not all Echinacea products are alike .
For much of the following decades and the early part of the 20th century , Echinacea was used for everything but colds .
Boericke ’s Materia Medica ( 1901 ) recommended it for blood poisoning , sepsis , gonorrhea , boils , gangrene , cankers , ulcers , heartburn and as anti venom , among other possible uses ( 6 ) .
Such claims or Echinacea far exceeded the available evidence .
By way of an example , Ellingwood wrote in 1919 that Echinacea was effective for treating rabies , although he did express some skepticism :
“ By far the most difficult reports to credit are those of the individuals bitten by rabid animals ; there are between twenty and thirty reports at the present time .
In no case has hydrophobia yet occurred , and this was the only remedy used in many of the cases . ” ( 7 )
Over 100 years later , rabies remains an exceptionally intractable disease .
Survival depends on getting a rabies vaccination as soon as possible after being bitten ; by the time symptoms appear , it is too late .
Yet in 1919 , he reported that Echinacea was an effective rabies cure :
“ One case exhibited the developing symptoms of hydrophobia before the agent was begun .
They disappeared shortly after treatment . ”
Use by the medical establishment
Echinacea was widely used by physicians , especially the Eclectics , and had begun to attract research interest .
In 1915 , a New York physician named Victor von Unruh showed that Echinacea increased the phagocytic power of leukocytes ( the white blood cells ) .
He went on to report that Echinacea improved hyperleukocytosis ( too many white blood cells ) and leukopenia ( too few white blood cells ) .
Lets take a look at that .
Two such contradictory findings as these raise an important question : viz. , is it an immune system stimulator , or an immune system suppressant ?
In fact this looks like a simple case of what is known as ‘ regression to the mean ’ .
An unusually high leukocyte count , over time , can be expected to fall back to a normal level .
An unusually low leukocyte count , over time , may also be expected to return to normal levels .
This return to the mean , or average , values , can occur whether treated with Echinacea or not , an explanation more plausible than that of a mysterious leukocyte balancing effect for Echinacea ; the changes in white blood cell counts occurred independently of the treatment .
Weak though this evidence may have been , by the end of the 1920s , Eclectics such as Liebstein , writing in 1927 , were praising Echinacea ’s powers as an immune system stimulant in glowing terms :
“ Nature has probably destined Echinacea to be used for remedial purposes only , as a sustainer of vitality , an organizer of the defensive powers of the system , to such an extant as to be justly crowned the greatest immunizing agent in the entire vegetable kingdom , as far as is known to medical science ” ( 8 ) .
Echinacea becomes popular in Europe
From the late 1930s onwards , research into Echinacea began to take off in Germany , even as its use declined in the United States .
In an unusual twist of circumstance , Dr Gerhard Madaus had procured a batch of what he thought was Echinacea angustifolia seeds , with the intention of cultivating them in Germany , but turned out to be the seeds of the different but closely related species Echinacea purpurea .
Extracts of the plant flowers are sold to this day by Madaus under the name Echinacin .
As a consequence , much of the European research on Echinacea has been conducted on the Echinacin extract from E. purpurea , and not the E. angustifolia species that had been in widespread use in the USA .
Numerous studies , many from the Madaus research labs , demonstrated the effects of Echinacin on a broad spectrum of diseases .
See ( 8 ) for a comprehensive overview of such research .
The areas of investigation included its topical use in wound healing , high dose injections of Echinacin for inhibiting streptococcus and pertussis , and various attempts to identify the modes of action and the active ingredients of the plant extract .
Some of these later studies appeared to confirm von Unruh ’s first conclusion ; that Echinacea can potentially stimulate the immune system .
However , as interesting as these studies were , only a few had the statistical power of the placebo controlled double blind trial , and fewer still were undertaken on human subjects .
This is a critically important consideration if we are interested in the evidentiary base for the current use of Echinacea , which is as an immune system stimulant and a treatment for preventing or shortening the duration of the common cold .
Echinacea as a cold cure
While there have been many decades of research into Echinacea , what I have so far been unable to find is the smoking gun , a study that first linked Echinacea to treating colds .
At some point in the past few decades , Echinacea entered the popular lexicon as a cold treatment and immune stimulant ; perhaps it was the accumulation of all of these in vitro and high dose studies that created the idea .
In 1999 , the respected Cochrane Collaboration reviewed the evidence for using Echinacea for preventing and treating the common cold , based on 16 different published trials ( 9 ) .
While doing so , the reviewers ran up against a few obstacles .
First , the extracts in common use can come from different species ( E. angustifolia , E. purpurea or E. pallida ) .
Secondly , extracts can be made from different parts of the plant .
Echinacin is an extract of the aerial parts of E. purpurea .
Other extracts are made from the plant root .
Different extraction methods can be used , such as drying , alcohol extraction or pressing , so one ca n’t assume that all of these different sources and preparations will yield an identical herbal remedy .
I ’ll quote their findings here .
“ We reviewed 16 controlled clinical trials investigating the effectiveness of several different Echinacea preparations for preventing and treating common colds .
Two trials investigated whether taking Echinacea preparations for 8 to 12 weeks prevents colds but found no clear effect .
The majority of trials investigated whether taking Echinacea preparations after the onset of cold symptoms shortens the duration or decreases the severity of symptoms , compared with placebo .
It seems that some preparations based on the herb of Echinacea purpurea might be effective for this purpose in adults , while there is no clear evidence that other preparations are effective or that children benefit .
Side effects were infrequent but rashes were reported in one trial in children . ”
Their analysis was hardly a ringing endorsement .
They found that extracts of E. purpurea may have been more beneficial than E. angustifolia or E. purpurea , but it was far from clear .
A later meta- analysis , published in 2005 , looked at the quality of nine studies of Echinacea as a cold treatment .
Six of the studies found that Echinacea had any benefit , and three found that it did not .
Of the positive trials , none met the quality criteria , whereas two of the negative studies did so .
In particular , the blinding procedures were inadequate , as the extract has a distinctly bitter taste and patients could potentially identify if they were receiving the placebo or the extract ( 10 ) .
Later still , a meta - analysis in 2007 concluded that , based on 14 studies , “ echinacea has a benefit in decreasing the incidence and duration of the common cold ; however , large - scale randomised prospective studies controlling for variables such as species , quality of preparation and dose of echinacea , method of cold induction , and objectivity of study endpoints evaluated are needed before echinacea for the prevention or treatment of the common cold can become standard practice . ( 11 ) ” .
100 years of research into Echinacea
Let ’s review the field .
Almost a century after laboratory studies on Echinacea began in earnest , its popular use has transformed from that of being a snakebite and sepsis cure to that of immune system stimulant and a treatment for the common cold .
A number of in vitro studies support the immuno - stimulant effect , although there is a deficit of clinical data to support such a use in clinical practice .
The evidence for its use as a cold treatment is decidedly mixed ; many clinical trials were of too poor quality to reach a definitive conclusion ; one meta - analysis found some supporting evidence , in contrast to other meta analyses , including a Cochrane review , that found little .
Even after all this time , there exists no consensus on the plant part to use , the plant species , the best extraction method or the effective dose .
The specific components of Echinacea that supposedly treat the common cold have not been identified , beyond a vaguely worded immuno - stimulant effect .
This traditional remedy , at one time a wound treatment , antiseptic , snake bite cure , and general cure all , could still hold surprises .
There may be an optimal preparation , or species , or extract of Echinacea for treating a cold , but nobody yet knows what that is .
Lack of knowledge of which preparations are most effective , as well as poor study quality , are factors that may go a long way to explaining the very mixed results for Echinacea as a cold treatment .
Other indications , such as wound healing , one of its traditional uses , could prove to be more appropriate and successful , but given its current popularity as a cold treatment , research into colds will predominate .
At the present time , I am far from convinced that an over the counter , low dose preparation of Echinacea would have any benefit over placebo .
However , I ’ll go this far : taking Echinacea at the onset of a cold could mean getting better within just seven days , rather than one week .
oo0oo
1 Lewis , W.H. & Elvin- Lewis , M.P.F. ( 2006 ) .
Medical Botany - Plants affecting human health , 2nd edition , John Wiley & Sons INC , Hoboken , New Jersey
2 http://www.naturalmedicinesofnc.org/Echinacea/Echinacea-history.html
3 King ’s American Dispensatory , 1898
4 Echinacea : Nature ’s Immune Enhancer , Stephen Foster , 1991
5 Synoptical flora of North America .
Asa Gray ( undated )
6 Boericke ’s Materia Medica , 1901
7 The American Materia Medica , Therapeutics and Pharmacognosy , 1919 , Finley Ellingwood , M.D .
8 Echinacea : Nature ’s Immune Enhancer .
Steven Foster .
Published by Inner Traditions / Bear & Company , 1990
9 Linde K , Barrett B , Bauer R , Melchart D , Woelkart K. Echinacea for preventing and treating the common cold .
Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2006 , Issue 1 . Art. No. : CD000530 .
DOI : 10.1002/14651858.CD000530.pub2 .
10 Caruso TJ , Gwaltney JM ( 2005 ) .
“ Treatment of the common cold with echinacea : a structured review ” .
Clin. Infect . Dis. 40 ( 6 ) : 807–10 . doi:10.1086/428061
11 Evaluation of echinacea for the prevention and treatment of the common cold : a meta-analysis .
Lancet Infectious Diseases 2007 ; 7 : 473–80
Although there are many wonderful things included in this book , I have a couple of criticisms .
The first is that some of the information is redundant .
Since many of the chapters are composed of modified essays and speeches that were previously published , they were n't all originally written to be included together .
More editing should have been done to take out repeated facts and portions of chapters that were covered in other parts of Billions and Billions .
My second critique is with regard to Sagan 's contradictory political views .
On the one hand , he argues against authoritarianism of any sort , he points out government waste , discusses how the government should n't be anti-choice , and is upset that politicians only work for the short term since they are only working to get elected again .
I agree with his assessment to this point .
However , then he seems to argue out of the other side of his mouth that the government should be there to provide ever larger social safety nets ( i.e. , welfare , social security , entitlements , etc. ) , collect more taxes in some cases , give U.S. tax dollars to other countries , and fund projects that do n't justly benefit those doing the funding ( taxpayers ) .
I do n't understand how someone can reconcile the seemingly opposed views .
If the government can't do its current jobs well , why give it more to do inefficiently and ineffectively ?
If individuals should be the responsible party , why shift all the burdens ( in the form of more tax dollars and more government spending ) to governments ?
Enough of the criticism and onto the good stuff ...
Chapter 15 on abortion is a must - read for everyone -- regardless of whether you are pro-life or pro-choice .
Essentially , the chapter contains a scientific look at the issue and asks all the tough questions from both sides .
You are n't likely to hear all of this in any one place and certainly not from only one of the pro or con camps .
Chapter 18 entitled " The Twentieth Century " is an excellent recap of the most amazing century in the history of our world as far as scientific and technological progress .
This chapter is better read alone than with the rest of the book as it is somewhat redundant when read soon after reading the previous 17 chapters .
The first six chapters are all excellent for those who like to explore science .
If you are already a science expert , they may be a bit dull .
If you are n't , they may start you on the path to become one .
From the publisher :
Carl Sagan , Pulitzer Prize winner , bestselling author , and the world 's most celebrated science writer , extends the tradition of the enormously successful Broca 's Brain in this provocative , informative , and wonderfully entertaining collection of essays .
In this book , his last , Carl Sagan shows once again his extraordinary ability to interpret the mysteries of life and the majesty of the universe for the general reader .
Brilliant , eloquent , and imbued with Sagan 's uniquely childlike sense of awe , this entertaining collection of essays captures the author 's spirit at its best .
In Billions and Billions Sagan applies what we know about science , mathematics , and space to everyday life , as well as to the exploration of many essential questions concerning the environment and our future .
Ranging far and wide in subject matter , he takes his readers on a soaring journey , from the invention of chess to the possibility of life on Mars , from Monday Night Football to the relationship between the United States and Russia , from global warming to the abortion debate .
And , on a more intimate note , we are given a rare glimpse of the author himself as he movingly describes his valiant fight for his life , his love of his family , and his personal beliefs about death and God .
Throughout these essays , Sagan provides clarity and understanding for an audience eager to make sense of the world around it as it prepares for the challenges of the coming millennium , and in the process he illuminates his strongly held belief that we have the ability to change the world and our lives for the better .
Sagan has said , " We make our world significant by the courage of our questions and by the depth of our answers " .
With this book , as in his magnificent career , he makes this world significant indeed .
copyright© 1997 by Carl Sagan .
Epilogue
With characteristic optimism in the face of harrowing ambiguity , Carl writes the final entry in a prodigious , passionate , daringly transdisciplinary , and astonishingly original body of work .
Mere weeks later , in early December , he sat at our dinner table , regarding a favorite meal with a look of puzzlement .
It held no appeal .
In the best of times , my family had always prided itself on what we call wodar , an inner mechanism that ceaselessly scans the horizon for the first blips of looming disaster .
During our two years in the valley of the shadow , our wodar had remained at a constant state of highest alert .
On this roller coaster of hopes dashed , raised , and dashed again , even the slightest variation in a single particular of Carl 's physical condition would set alarm bells blaring .
A beat of a look passed between us .
I immediately began spinning a benign hypothesis to explain away this sudden lack of appetite .
As usual I was arguing that this might have nothing to do with his illness .
It was merely a fleeting disinterest in food that a healthy person might not even notice .
Carl managed a little smile and just said , Maybe .
But from that moment on he had to force himself to eat and his strength declined noticeably .
Despite this , he insisted on fulfilling a long - standing commitment to give two public lectures later that week in the San Francisco Bay area .
When he returned to our hotel after the second talk , he was exhausted .
We called Seattle .
The doctors urged us to come back to the Hutch immediately .
I dreaded having to tell Sasha and Sam that we would not be returning home to them the next day as promised ; that instead we would be making yet a fourth trip to Seattle , a place that had become to us synonymous with dread .
The kids were stunned .
How could we convincingly calm their fears that this might turn out , as it had three times before , to be another six - month stint away from home or , as Sasha immediately suspected , something far worse ?
Once again I went into my cheerleading mantra : Daddy wants to live .
He 's the bravest , toughest man I know .
The doctors are the best the world has to offer ...
Yes , Hanukkah would have to be postponed .
But once Daddy was better ...
The next day in Seattle , an X - ray revealed that Carl had a pneumonia of unknown origin .
Repeated tests failed to turn up any evidence for a bacterial , viral , or fungal culprit .
The inflammation in his lungs was , perhaps , a delayed reaction to the lethal dose of radiation that he had received six months before as preparation for the last bone marrow transplant .
Megadoses of steroids only compounded his suffering and failed to repair his lungs .
The doctors began to prepare me for the worst .
Now , when I ventured out into the hospital hallway , I encountered a whole different species of expression on the too familiar faces of the staff .
They either winced with sympathy or averted their eyes .
It was time for the kids to come west .
When Carl saw Sasha it seemed to effect a miraculous change in his condition .
Beautiful , beautiful , Sasha , he called to her .
You are not only beautiful , but you also have enormous gorgeousness .
He told her that if he did manage to survive it would be in part because of the strength her presence had given him .
And for the next several hours the hospital monitors seemed to document a turnaround .
My hopes soared , but in the back of my mind I could n't help notice that the doctors did n't share my enthusiasm .
They recognized this momentary rallying for what it was , what they call an Indian summer , the body 's brief respite before its final struggle .
This is a deathwatch , Carl told me calmly .
I 'm going to die .
No , I protested .
You 're going to beat this , just as you have before when it looked hopeless .
He turned to me with that same look I had seen countless times in the debates and skirmishes of our twenty years of writing together and being wildly in love .
With a mixture of knowing good humor and skepticism , but as ever , not a trace of self - pity , he said wryly , Well , we 'll see who 's right about this one .
Sam , now five years old , came to see his father for one last time .
Although Carl was by now struggling for breath and finding it harder to speak , he managed to compose himself so as not to frighten his little son .
I love you , Sam , was all he could say .
I love you , too , Daddy , Sam said solemnly .
Contrary to the fantasies of the fundamentalists , there was no deathbed conversion , no last minute refuge taken in a comforting vision of a heaven or an afterlife .
For Carl , what mattered most was what was true , not merely what would make us feel better .
Even at this moment when anyone would be forgiven for turning away from the reality of our situation , Carl was unflinching .
As we looked deeply into each others eyes , it was with a shared conviction that our wondrous life together was ending forever .
It had begun in 1974 at a dinner party given by Nora Ephron in New York City .
I remember how handsome Carl was with his shirtsleeves rolled up and his dazzling smile .
We talked about baseball and capitalism and it thrilled me that I could make him laugh so helplessly .
But Carl was married and I was committed to another man .
We socialized as couples .
The four of us grew closer and we began to work together .
There were times when Carl and I were alone with each other and the atmosphere was euphoric and highly charged , but neither of us made any sign to the other of our true feelings .
It was unthinkable .
In the early spring of 1977 , Carl was invited by NASA to assemble a committee to select the contents of a phonograph record that would be affixed to each of the Voyager 1 and 2 spacecraft .
Upon completion of their ambitious reconnaissance of the outermost planets and their moons , the two spacecraft would be gravitationally expelled from the Solar System .
Here was an opportunity to send a message to possible beings of other worlds and times .
It could be far more complex than the plaque that Carl and Carl 's wife , Linda Salzman , and astronomer Frank Drake had attached to Pioneer 10 .
That was a breakthrough , but it was essentially a license plate .
The Voyager record would include greetings in sixty human languages and one whale language , an evolutionary audio essay , 116 pictures of life on Earth and ninety minutes of music from a glorious diversity of the worlds cultures .
The engineers projected a one - billion - year shelf life for the golden phonograph records .
How long is a billion years ?
In a billion years the continents of Earth would be so altered that we would not recognize the surface of our own planet .
One thousand million years ago , the most complex life forms on Earth were bacteria .
In the midst of the nuclear arms race , our future , even in the short term , seemed a dubious prospect .
Those of us privileged to work on the making of the Voyager message did so with a sense of sacred purpose .
It was conceivable that , Noah - like , we were assembling the ark of human culture , the only artifact that would survive into the unimaginably far distant future .
In the course of my daunting search for the single most worthy piece of Chinese music , I phoned Carl and left a message at his hotel in Tucson where he was giving a talk .
An hour later the phone rang in my apartment in Manhattan .
I picked it up and heard a voice say : I got back to my room and found a message that said Annie called .
And I asked myself , why did n't you leave me that message ten years ago ?
Bluffing , joking , I responded lightheartedly .
Well , I 've been meaning to talk to you about that , Carl .
And then , more soberly , Do you mean for keeps ?
Yes , for keeps , he said tenderly .
Let 's get married .
Yes , I said and that moment we felt we knew what it must be like to discover a new law of nature .
It was a eureka , a moment in which a great truth was revealed , one that would be reaffirmed through countless independent lines of evidence over the next twenty years .
But it was also the assumption of an unlimited liability .
Once you were allowed into this wonderworld , how could you ever again be content outside of it ?
It was June 1 , our loves Holy Day .
Thereafter , anytime one of us was being unreasonable with the other , the invocation of June 1 would usually bring the offender to his or her senses .
Earlier I had asked Carl if those putative extraterrestrials of a billion years from now could conceivably interpret the brain waves of a meditator .
Who knows ?
A billion years is a long , long time , was his reply .
On the chance that it might be possible why do n't we give it a try ?
Two days after our life - changing phone call , I entered a laboratory at Bellevue Hospital in New York City and was hooked up to a computer that turned all the data from my brain and heart into sound .
I had a one - hour mental itinerary of the information I wished to convey .
I began by thinking about the history of Earth and the life it sustains .
To the best of my abilities I tried to think something of the history of ideas and human social organization .
I thought about the predicament that our civilization finds itself in and about the violence and poverty that make this planet a hell for so many of its inhabitants .
Toward the end I permitted myself a personal statement of what it was like to fall in love .
Now Carl 's fever raged .
I kept kissing him and rubbing my face against his burning , unshaven cheek .
The heat of his skin was oddly reassuring .
I wanted to do it enough so that his vibrant , physical self would become an indelibly etched sensory memory .
I was torn between exhorting him to fight on and wanting him freed from the torture apparatus of life support and the demon that had tormented him for two years .
I called his sister , Cari , who had given so much of herself to prevent this outcome , and his grown sons , Dorion , Jeremy , and Nicholas , and grandson , Tonio .
Our whole family had celebrated Thanksgiving together at our house in Ithaca just weeks before .
By unanimous acclaim it had been the best Thanksgiving we 'd ever had .
We all came away from it with a kind of glow .
There had been an authenticity and a closeness in this gathering that had given us a greater sense of unity .
Now I placed the phone near Carl 's ear so that he could hear , one by one , their good - byes .
Our friend writer / producer Lynda Obst rushed in from Los Angeles to be with us .
Lynda was there that first enchanted evening at Nora 's when Carl and I met .
She had witnessed firsthand , more than anyone else , both our personal and professional collaborations .
As original producer of the motion picture Contact , she had worked closely with us for the sixteen years it had taken to guide the project into production .
Lynda had observed that the sustained incandescence of our love exerted a kind of tyranny on those around us who have been less fortunate in their search for a soul mate .
However , instead of resenting our relationship , Lynda cherished it as a mathematician would an existence theorem , something that demonstrates a thing is possible .
She used to call me Miss Bliss .
Carl and I especially treasured those times we spent with her , laughing , talking far into the night about science , philosophy , gossip , popular culture , everything .
Now this woman who had soared with us , who had been with me on the giddy day I picked out my wedding gown , was there by our side as we said good - bye forever .
For days and nights Sasha and I had taken turns whispering into Carl 's ear .
Sasha told him how much she loved him and all the ways that she would find in her life to honor him .
Brave man , wonderful life , I said to him over and over .
Well done .
With pride and joy in our love , I let you go .
Without fear .
June 1 .
For keeps ...
As I make the changes in proof that Carl feared might be necessary , his son Jeremy is upstairs giving Sam his nightly computer lesson .
Sasha is in her room doing homework .
The Voyager spacecraft , with their revelations of a tiny world graced by music and love , are beyond the outermost planets , making for the open sea of interstellar space .
They are hurtling at a speed of forty thousand miles per hour toward the stars and a destiny about which we can only dream .
I sit surrounded by cartons of mail from people all over the planet who mourn Carl 's loss .
Many of them credit him with their awakenings .
Some of them say that Carl 's example has inspired them to work for science and reason against the forces of superstition and fundamentalism .
These thoughts comfort me and lift me up out of my heartache .
They allow me to feel , without resorting to the supernatural , that Carl lives .
Ann Druyan
February 14 , 1997
Ithaca , New York
Adzerk 's APIs make it easy for engineers and PMs to build their own server - side , fully - customized ad server .
Top e-retailers and user communities use Adzerk to build innovative ad servers to promote anything from native ads to internal content to sponsored listings ( where vendors and sellers pay for their organic listing to be promoted in search and browsing results ) .
Engineers reliably see a 90 % + reduction in dev time using Adzerk ’s APIs versus doing it entirely from scratch .
Adzerk ’s customer list includes Fortune 500 brands , public companies , and unicorn startups , including Bed Bath & Beyond , LiveNation / TicketMaster , Wattpad , TradingView , imgur , Strava , and many more .
Our Ad. Product community makes it easy for product managers , engineers , ad ops , and others to discover and discuss how to build innovative , user - first ad platforms .
About time the Boy Scouts were treated like the conservative Christian organization they really are :
The Supreme Court on Monday decided to let stand a ruling saying the Boy Scouts cannot lease city - owned parkland in San Diego because the group is a religious organization .
The high court refused to hear an appeal from San Diego - area Boy Scouts who have traditionally leased Balboa Park camp space .
U.S. District Judge Napoleon Jones Jr. ruled in 2003 that San Diego acted improperly when it leased 18 acres of camp space to the Scouts because the group is a religious organization .
The judge said the lease violated federal law that prohibits the government promotion of religion .
The Boy Scouts say they have no theology and only hold the position that children should “ do duty to God ” to become productive citizens .
Opening the case in January , prosecutor David Fisher said : '' Rachel Baker was , by her own admission , regularly taking prescribed drugs , which must have had a substantial effect on her character and conduct .
And for a moment or two , it was easy to imagine that nothing extraordinary had happened to Kevin Pearce at all .
He laughed with his family .
He talked about snowboarding .
He discussed the Olympics .
He smiled , big as ever .
“ Things feel very normal to me , ” Pearce said .
The past few months , much of which Pearce does not remember , have been anything but normal .
On Dec. 31 , Pearce , a rising rival to Shaun White who was expected to make the United States Olympic halfpipe team and compete for a medal , fell and hit his head ( he was wearing a helmet ) while practicing a trick in Park City , Utah .
A helicopter flew Pearce , unconscious , to the University of Utah Hospital in nearby Salt Lake City .
The front half of his shoulder - length hair was shaved so the recesses of his brain could be drained of fluid .
His family was summoned immediately .
Painful questions about whether he would live slowly gave way to uneasy ones about how his life would be .
This is how , for now .
Pearce walks without assistance , a little gingerly but sturdily enough to navigate the stairs to the familiar bedroom in the barn .
He looks a little different now , too .
His hair , after being shaved to one length , has grown back to the top of his ears .
He wears bold , dark - rimmed Oakley Frogskin frames with prismlike lenses .
The vision in each eye is fine , but the eyes themselves are a bit out of sync , not quite tracking together .
“ My eyes are a little sketchy , ” he said .
“ But they ’re better than they used to be .
They used to be scary blurry . ”
We are here to give you a healthy life by giving you the best tips which you can apply in your day to day life .
Thus we begin with best healthcare and fitness website with ultimate guide .
“ All progress takes place outside the comfort zone ”
Healthcare and fitness is the most important thing in your life and this will help you to survive in the world full of pollution , disease , unhealthy food etc .
Our website is just an way to educate people about how to stay healthy and fit !!!
We have presented detailed information regarding healthcare and fitness in our articles you can just check on ….
Lifting weights , walking , jogging these are all good .
However , regular exercise and physical activity brings healthy life .
In this Covid – 19 pandemic , all gyms and fitness clubs are temporary closed .
This should not be an excuse to stay fit .
There are many ways a person can be physically and mentally healthy .
Yes !
you read it right , mental health is also a key component when it comes to healthy life .
Here , we will go through all best possible aspects and tips to stay healthy and fit .
So do go through all the articles mentioned and grasp all the possible tips and tricks to have a desired healthy life .
Thank you for visiting our website
【スラキュア】悪い口コミ/評判は本当？たった10円で痩せるサプリ！実際に飲んで効果/成分/副作用を検証！
スラキュアが、公式サイト限定でキャンペーン中！
通常6,800円がなんと半額の10円という、 かなりお得な価格でお試し できます！ Amazonや楽天などの、大手通販サイトで取り扱いがある場合がありますが、
現状キャンペーン中なので、この公式サイトからが圧倒的に一番安く買うことが可能です。
限定５０名の特別価格終了まで
残 り１ 名
( ↑残り人数はリアルタイムで更新中！ )
公式サイト：https://lp.store-wellness.jp/
◎スラキュアのよくある質問は？
解説 スラキュアに寄せられるよくある質問をまとめました ！
スラキュアが、公式サイト限定でキャンペーン中！
通常6,800円がなんと半額の10円という、 かなりお得な価格でお試し できます！ Amazonや楽天などの、大手通販サイトで取り扱いがある場合がありますが、
現状キャンペーン中なので、この公式サイトからが圧倒的に一番安く買うことが可能です。 スラキュア
最安値で購入する！ ※公式サイト限定キャンペーンは期間限定なので、急に終わる可能性も！
始めるなら今が本当にオススメ！
◎スラキュアの嬉しい購入特典♪
解説 「 初回10 円 」「2回目以降もずっとお得」など特典が充実しています！
キャンペーン終了まで残りわずかです！！
→公式サイト限定キャンペーンで、最安値で試してみる！！
スラキュアで、あなたの悩み解決しちゃいませんか？♡
＜スラキュアの公式サイトはこちら＞
→https://lp.store-wellness.jp/
スラキュアを飲みはじめた理由・きっかけ
まず初めに、私がスラキュラを飲みはじめた理由・きっかけを含め、自分について自己紹介します！
自己紹介
いつも思うんですけど、私の寝起きって本当に最悪なんです。
特に今日はひどくて、顔がパンパン！
鏡で見てゾッとしました。
それでなくても顔が小さい方じゃないから、コンプレックスなのに。
しかも昨日は遊びすぎて、足までパンパン…。
「 絶不調の朝がやってきたな 」
まさしくそんな感じです。
顔や足のむくみっていつ出てくるか分からないし、大事な時に限って出てくるんですよね。
体質だから仕方ないのかなぁ…とは思いながらも、やっぱり嫌なものは嫌です！
20代の頃はまだこのむくみもマシだったような気がしますが、30代になるとむくみの頻度も増える、増える！
食生活が悪いというのは、分かってはいます。
でも毎日本当に忙しいしひとり暮らしだから、ついつい手を抜いてしまうんですよね。
ここで気合を入れて食生活を見直せれば1番いいけど…、多分無理！（笑）
そこで私は人生で初めて、サプリメントに頼ってみようかなと思うようになりました。
「 足りない分の栄養を補えれば少しは変わるかも…」
軽い気持ちで、ネットでサプリメントを検索してみました。
スラキュアとの出会 い
そんな時に出会ったのが、スラキュラでした！
スラキュラはむくみ解消に特化したサプリメントで、まさに私が探し求めていたものでした！
初めは足りない分の栄養を補う程度にしか考えていなかったのに、まさかこんなドンピシャなサプリメントがあるだなんて…！
私がスラキュラに興味を持つのは、必然でしたね。
なぜスラキュアを購入したの？
なぜスラキュラを購入したのかというと、その理由は主に3つあります！
むくみを解消するための成分がたっぷり入っている！
口コミ評価が高い ！
初回の激安価格 ！
まず初めにスラキュラに惹かれたのはやっぱり、むくみを取るための栄養素がたっぷり入っているということ。
まさか、むくみを取るための栄養素があるだなんて！
むくみは栄養不足から来るものだと勝手に思い込んでいたので、目からウロコでした。
スラキュラに入っている栄養素を調べてみると、確かに普段の食事だけでは補えなさそう…。
まさに私のためにあるようなサプリメントだと思いました。
そして、スラキュラの口コミ評価がすごく高いんです！
キレイなモデルさんも、たくさん愛用しているみたい。
どなたも顔や足のむくみなんてまったく無縁のような方ばかりだから、更にスラキュラのことが気になりました。
そして驚きの10円（税込）という価格！
これに は1番驚きました！
まさか10円（税込）でサプリメントを買えるだなんて…嘘みたい。
こんな条件が揃っているサプリメントを、私が買わないわけがありません！
そのまますぐポチッて、スラキュアを買っていました（笑）
スラキュアを実際に飲んでみた体験談・レビュー
それではここからは、スラキュアを実際に飲んでみた体験談・レビューを紹介します！
スラキュアを飲んで感じたこと、思ったこと。
すべて暴露します ！
スラキュアの体験談：翌日の変化
スラキュアを飲んだ翌日は、正直なところなにも変化はありませんでした。
… というよりはこの日はむくんでおらず、効果が出たのかどうか分かりません。
ただスラキュア自体は、すごく飲みやすかったです！
粒も大きくないし、味やニオイもないから、すんなり飲めました。
スラキュアの体験談：3日後の変化
スラキュアを飲んで3日後、特に変化はありません。
スラキュアを飲んでまだ3日なので、自分でもよく分かっていないというのもあります。
今のところ、顔や足のむくみはありません。
スラキュアの体験談：1週間後の変化
スラキュアを飲んで1週間後、足のダルさを感じなくなったような気がします。
週末になるといつも足がダルくて仕方ないのに、この日はまったくそんなことなかったです！
少なからず、スラキュアの効果が出始めているのかなと思いました。
スラキュアの体験談：2週間後の変化
スラキュアを飲んで2週間後、むくみ解消に効果がでているみたいです！
こ の2週間顔が全然むくまず、足もむくみませんでした。
2週間まったくむくまないということはまずありえないので（笑）、スラキュアのおかげです！！
本当にむくみ解消できるんですね！
スラキュアの体験談：1ヶ月後の変化
スラキュアを飲んで1ヶ月後、体全体がスッキリしました！
顔や足だけではなく腕のダルさも取れたようで、仕事中の苦痛がかなり軽減しました。
体のダルさがとれると、朝起きた瞬間から全然違います！
起きた瞬間からスッキリしているから、仕事の効率化UPにも繋がっていると思います。
スラキュアの体験談：3ヶ月後の変化
スラキュアを飲んで3ヶ月後、友人から「痩せた？」と言われる嬉しいハプニング！
全身のむくみが取れるとスッキリしてるから、痩せて見えたのかも。
でも実際、体重も2キロ落ちました！
スラキュアを飲むようになってからなので、これもスラキュアのおかげなのかな。
トイレに行く回数が増えたっていうのも大きいのかもしれないです。
スラキュアの体験談：半年後の変化
スラキュアを飲んで半年後、見た目もかなり変わりました。
むくみやダルさがなくなったから全体的にスッキリしたのと、体が軽くなりました！
歩いていても疲れないし、疲れにくくなったと思います。
体が軽くなったおかげで体を動かすのも楽しくなり、最近はジムに通うようにもなっています！
健康的にもいいしダイエットにもいいから、これからもスラキュアは続けていくつもり。
この半年間で、ガラッと私の体質が変わりました！
スラキュアの体験談：まとめ
スラキュアを半年間飲んだ結果、体全体のむくみ&ダルさが取れました！
自分でもビックリするほど、全身がスッキリしたように感じています！
むくみやダルさが取れたから仕事の効率化にもなったし、体を動かすきっかけにもなりました。
半年前の自分とは、まるで違う生活を送っています。
スラキュアを1日3粒飲んでいるだけなのに、こんなにも体に違いが出てくるものなんですね…！
体の調子が良いと、なにもかもポジティブに考えることができます。
最近はメイクやオシャレも楽しいから、スラキュアを飲んで良かったと心から思うようになりました！
これからも引き続き、スラキュアのお世話になる予定です。
スラキュアを実際に使ってみた評価（５項目で徹底解析！）
ここからはスラキュアを実際に使ってみた方の意見を参考に、評価をしてみました！
スラキュアの効果、コスパ、配合成分、味・ニオイ、安全性の5項目に分けているので、細かくチェックしてみて下さい。
スラキュアの評価：効果【★★★★★】
まずは、スラキュアの効果について評価してみました。
スラキュアは顔や足のむくみを取ったり、ダルさを軽減させる効果があります。
そのうえ利尿作用もあるから、必然的に体重が落ちる効果も！
健康効果としても優秀ですし、ダイエット効果としても優秀なサプリメントなんです。
顔や足のむくみが取れるとスッキリして、痩せたような印象になるのも嬉しいですね！
スラキュアの評価：コスパ（価格・値段）【★★★★★】
続いて、スラキュアのコスパ（価格・値段）について評価してみました。
スラキュアは公式通販サイトで購入すると、初回はたったの10円（税込）なんです！
定価が6,800円（税抜）ということを考えると、かなりオトクですよね。
しかも送料は無料だから、10円（税込）以上の金額を支払うことはありません。
お試し価格としても、最高のサプリメントなんです！
スラキュアの評価：配合成分【★★★★★】
続いて、スラキュアの配合成分について評価してみました。
スラキュアには、むくみやダルさを取るための成分がたっぷり配合しています！
塩化カリウム、海洋性マグネシウム、明日葉、ヒハツエキスなど、普段の食事だけでは補えないような栄養素がたっぷり！
体のリズムを整えるための成分が濃縮されているから、体の中からスッキリキレイになることができます！
スラキュアの評価：味・ニオイ( 匂い・臭い ) 【★★★★★】
続いて、スラキュアの味・ニオイ（匂い・臭い）について評価してみました。
スラキュアは無味無臭のサプリメントなので、とても飲みやすくなっています。
1日3粒を目安に飲みますが、すんなり飲むことができるのでおすすめです！
スラキュアの評価：安全性【★★★★★】
続いて、スラキュアの安全性について評価してみました。
スラキュアは、余計なものは一切入っていない無添加処方サプリメントです。
着色料・保存料・香料・酸化防止剤・防腐剤・殺菌剤は、一切使用していません！
そして常に品質管理・衛生管理を徹底するために、GMP認定の日本の工場で製造しています。
少しのリスクも残さず安全なものだけを提供しているので、スラキュアは誰でも飲みやすくなっているんです！
スラキュアの総合評価【★★★★★】
スラキュアの総合評価になります。
スラキュアは効果、コスパ、配合成分、味・ニオイ、安全性、どの項目においても最高評価のサプリメントです！
1日に3粒飲むだけでむくみやダルさが取れるから、毎日の生活がより快適なものへとチェンジします。
スラキュアの配合成分は、むくみ解消&ダルさ解消に特化した成分となっています。
」
普段の食事だけでは補えない栄養素をたっぷりとることができるので、体の中のリズムが変わるということなんです。
しかも無味無臭のサプリメントなので、毎日無理なく飲んで続けやすくなっています。
そしてスラキュアは無添加処方であり、GMP認定工場で製造しているサプリメントです！
安全性が保障されているから、誰でも気軽に飲むことが可能なんですよ。
体のむくみやダルさは、自分の力だけではなかなか改善に導くことはできません。
そんな方の救世主としてスラキュアがあるので、是非1度飲んで、むくみやダルさを解消してみて下さい！
驚きの効果に、きっとビックリするはずです。
スラキュアの口コミ・評判は？
ここからは、スラキュアの口コミや評判を紹介します！
良い口コミも悪い口コミもまとめて紹介するので、スラキュアの購入を検討している方は1度覗いてみて下さい。
スラキュアの悪い口コミ・評判は？
まずは、スラキュアの悪い口コミと評判を紹介します！
女 性( 口コミ ) ［スラキュア 悪い口コミ］体重は落ちません（女性・40代） ダイエットに良いと聞いてスラキュアを飲み始めましたが、今のところ体重は落ちません。 もっとガッツリ痩せると思っていたから、ちょっと残念ですね。 もうしばらく飲めば、少しはダイエットに効果的なのでしょうか。
女 性( 口コミ ) ［スラキュア 悪い口コミ］足の太さは変わらないです（女性・20代）
スラキュアを飲んで1週間ほどたちますが、足の太さは変わらないです。
最近太ったから足痩せに必死なので、できれば即効性が欲しかったかな。
1ヶ月ぐらい飲んだら、少しは足痩せするといいんだけど…。
女 性( 口コミ ) ［スラキュア 悪い口コミ］効果が分からない…（女性・30代）
初めてスラキュアを飲んでみたのですが、効果が分からない…。
1回飲んだぐらいじゃ、むくみは取れないのかな。 早く顔のむくみを取りたいのに…。
スラキュアの良い口コミ・評判は？
続いて、スラキュアの良い口コミや評判を紹介します！
女 性( 口コミ ) ［スラキュア 良い口コミ］安すぎる！（女性 ・20代） 初めてスラキュアを買ったけど、安すぎてビックリ！
10 円で買えるサプリメントなんて、初めてです。 これでたっぷりお試しできるってスゴイなぁ…。
10円だから買いやすかったし、初めてでもチャレンジしやすかったです！
女 性( 口コミ ) ［スラキュア 良い口コミ］本当にむくみがスッキリ！（女性・30代）
スラキュアを飲むようにしてから、本当にむくみがスッキリ！ ヒールで長距離歩いたとしても、翌日の足はむくみません！ 今までずっと足のむくみに悩まされてきたので、これは絶対にこれからも飲み続けます！！ こんなにむくみがなくなるなら、飲むしかないです！
女 性( 口コミ ) ［スラキュア 良い口コミ］顔のむくみが取れて、小顔に！（女性・20代）
スラキュアのおかげで顔のむくみが取れて、小顔になったような気がします！ 顔のむくみが取れると、気分的にも全然違ってくるんですよね。 メイクも楽しくなるし、自分にも少し自信が持てるようになりました！ スラキュアは、飲んでみて本当に良かったなと思えるサプリメントです！
女 性( 口コミ ) ［スラキュア 良い口コミ］体重も少し落ちたみたい！（女性・20代） スラキュアをずっと飲んでいますが、体重も少し落ちたみたい！ 見た目も引き締まったみたいで、前より服を選ぶ選択肢が増えました。 露出も怖くないから、今年の夏は今までより楽しくなりそう！
女 性( 口コミ ) ［スラキュア 良い口コミ］飲みやすいから、私でも続けられました（女性・40代）
スラキュアはすごく飲みやすいから、私でも続けられました。
1日3粒だけっていうところも良いですね！ 今のところ飲み忘れることなく、3ヶ月続いています。
値段的にも効果的にも大満足なので、このまま飲み続けていこうと思っています。
スラキュアの口コミ・評判まとめ
スラキュアの口コミと評判を紹介しましたが、全体的に良い口コミがとても多かったです！
1日に3粒飲むだけでむくみやダルさが取れるので、自分に自信が持てたり、オシャレの幅がグッと広がります。
利尿作用もあるから体の中からスッキリし、もちろん体重も落ちるという仕組みになっています。
しかも初回は10円というとんでもない激安価格が、更に魅力的ですよね。
これなら誰でも購入しやすいですし、思わず試してみたくなるのも分かります！
ただその一方、少数ではありますが悪い口コミも中にはありました。
「 足痩せができない 」 や「体重が落ちない」という意見がありましたが、スラキュアはむくみやダルさを取り除くためのサプリメントです。
露骨に部分痩せしたり、体重が落ちるというダイエットサプリメントというわけではありません。
むくみやダルさが取れることで手足がスッキリしたり、尿が出ることで体重が落ちるということに繋がります。
体の中から少しずつ毒素を取り除いてキレイになっていくサプリメントなので、まずは毎日スラキュアを飲み続けてみましょう。
1ヶ月後にはきっと、スッキリとした美ボディに近づくはずです！
まずは1度10円でスラキュアを購入して、むくみ&ダルさ解消にチャレンジしてみてはいかがでしょうか。
スラキュア はSNSで大人気！インスタグラム( instagram ) ・ツイッター( twitter )の声は？
スラキュアは、インスタグラム( instagram ) やツイッタ ー( twitter ) などのSNSでも大人気！
むくみを気にしている方は結構多いので、スラキュアのパワーを借りている方も増えているようですね。
そこでここでは、実際にスラキュアを愛用している方の意見を集めてみました。
インスタグラム( instagram ) やツイッタ ー( twitter ) に投稿された、リアルな声をチェックしてみましょう！
インスタグラム( instagram )
まずは、インスタグラ ム( instagram ) に投稿された声から紹介します。
スラキュアを10日ほど飲むと、ビックリするほど足のむくみがなくなったようです！
普段立ち仕事をしているということなので、足のむくみがなくなるというのはかなり嬉しいですよね。
1日中足がスッキリすることで、仕事もプライベートも前向きになれるのでおすすめです！
こちらの方は、夜にスラキュアを3粒飲んでいるようです。
もともとむくみがヒドイのが悩みだったとのことですが、スラキュアのおかげで足が軽くなったとのこと！
靴下の跡もつきにくくなったということなので、むくみ解消は確実ですね！
飲むだけでむくみケアができるから、毎日欠かさず飲み続けているそうです。
むくみケアソックスをはいたりストレッチをしなくても、スラキュアひとつでむくみ解消！
1日3粒飲むだけの簡単ケアだからこそ、続けやすいですよね。
ツイッタ ー( twitter )
続いて、ツイッタ ー( twitter ) に投稿された声を紹介します。
スラキュアを飲むようになってから、体に水分をためこまなくなったようです。
そのおかげで体のむくみも取れて、体調も良くなったとのことです！
ダイエットにも良く体にも良いので、毎日飲むサプリメントとしておすすめなんです。
スラキュアは1日に3粒飲むだけで、むくみを解消できるサプリメントです。
足ってむくみやすいから、むくみをなくしてくれるっていうのは女性にとってはすごく嬉しいですよね。
足のパンパン感がなくなると、足がスッキリしてスタイルもUPします。
美脚になることで更に女子力も上がるから、色んな方におすすめしたいサプリメントです！
スラキュアを飲んでから、トイレに行く回数が増えたようです。
体に水分をためこまないからむくまず、スッキリした体になれるようですね。
外食したり、疲れていると自然と体はむくみやすくなるので、スラキュアのようなサプリメントは最高ですね！
スラキュアの最安値は？楽天・アマゾン( Amazon ) ・公式サイトのどこが一番安い？
ここでは、スラキュアを最安値で購入できる通販サイトを紹介します！
楽天、アマゾ ン( Amazon ) 、公式サイトなど、各通販サイトのスラキュアの販売価格を徹底的に調べてみました。
ここを見て、スラキュアをオトクに購入しましょう。
楽天 楽天
取り扱いなし 取り扱いな し
Amazon Amazon
取り扱いなし 取り扱いな し
Yahoo!ショッピング Yahoo!ショッピング
取り扱いなし 取り扱いな し
Wowma Wowma
取り扱いなし 取り扱いな し
アットコスメ アットコス メ
取り扱いなし 取り扱いな し
ポンパレモール ポンパレモー ル
取り扱いなし 取り扱いな し
公式サイ ト
10 円（税込）＋送料無料 10 円（税込）＋送料無料
［スラキュア 最安値］楽天市場での販売価格は ？
まずは楽天市場で、スラキュアの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、楽天市場ではスラキュアの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 最安値］アマゾ ン( Amazon ) での販売価格は ？
次はアマゾ ン( Amazon ) で、スラキュアの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、アマゾ ン( Amazon ) でもスラキュアの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 最安値 ］Yahoo!ショッピングでの販売価格は？
次はYahoo！ショッピングで、スラキュアの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら 、Yahoo！ショッピングでもスラキュアの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 最安値 ］Wowma( 旧DeNA ショッピング ) での販売価格は ？
次はWowma( 旧DeNAショッピング ) で、スラキュアの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら 、Wowma( 旧DeNAショッピング ) でもスラキュアの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 最安値］アットコスメでの販売価格は ？
次はアットコスメで、スラキュアの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、アットコスメでもスラキュアの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 最安値］ポンパレモールでの販売価格は ？
次はボンパレモールで、スラキュアの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、ボンパレモールでもスラキュアの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 最安値］公式通販サイトでの販売価格は ？
最後に公式通販サイトで、スラキュアの販売価格を調べてみました。
すると公式通販サイトだと、初回はスラキュアが10円（税込）で購入できることが判明しました！
しかも送料は無料です 。
普通に購入すると1袋6,800円（税抜）と高価なので、かなりオトクですよね！
しかも公式通販サイトは発送も速いから、すぐスラキュアが届きますよ。
つまりスラキュアは公式通販サイト限定商品であり、公式通販サイトが最安値ということになります！
スラキュアをオトクに購入して、むくみとは無縁のスッキリ美ボディを手に入れましょう。
スラキュアの基本情報・価格・特徴・有効成分
ここからは、スラキュアの基本情報・価格・特徴・有効成分について紹介します。
スラキュアの購入を検討している方は、是非参考にしてみて下さい。
スラキュアとは ？
スラキュアとは、体のむくみやダルさを解消することができるサプリメントです。
むくみをとるための成分がバランスよく配合してしているため、効率よく身体の中からキレイになることができます。
利尿作用もあるから更にむくみが取れ、全身がスッキリしますよ。
しかも初回価格は10円（税込）という激安価格になっているので、誰でも気軽にチャレンジしやすくなっています。
パッケージも可愛いから、持ち運びにも便利なんですよ。
スラキュアの商品紹介（価格、成分、安全性）
ここでは、スラキュアの価格、成分、安全性など、詳しい情報を表にまとめて紹介します！
商品名 スラキュア お試し価格 10 円 （税込）＋送料無料 定期コース有無 あり 返金保証 なし 効果 むくみ改善効果、利尿効果、足痩せ効果 配合成分 塩化カリウム、海洋性マグネシウム、明日葉、ヒハツエキス 使いやすさ 非常に良い 5 信頼性 非常に良い 5 内容量 300 mg × 45 粒 用法・用 量
1日に3粒を目安に、水かぬるま湯で飲んで下さい 総合評価 非常に良い 5
スラキュアの会社・販売メーカー 「 デルソル株式会社」とは？
スラキュアの販売メーカーである「デルソル株式会社」について調べてみました。
会社名 デルソル株式会社 所在地 東京都豊島区東 池
袋1丁目21-11 HP
https://lp.store-wellness.jp/ 会社概要 信頼できる高品質の製品を、こだわりの成分で開発します 信用性 5
デルソル株式会社は、安全性の高い商品を多く提供しています。
生活の中で不便に感じたり、悩んでいることを解決するための、サプリメントや化粧品を開発し続けています。
日々の生活のプラスになるような商品ばかりなので、口コミ評価もとても高いんです。
品質管理・衛生管理も徹底されているから、安全性は保証されています。
スラキュアの効果・効能は？
ここからは、スラキュラの効果や効能について紹介しますね。
スラキュラを飲むことで、こんなにも良い効果があるんです！
スラキュアの効果：むくみ改善効果
スラキュラには、むくみ改善効果があります。
偏った食生活、加齢、冷え性、ストレス、運動不足などが理由で、足や顔はむくみます。
体の中のリズムのバランスが崩れ、余分な水分がたまってしまうんです。
スラキュラに含まれている成分は、たまった水分や老廃物を体外へ排出する作用があります。
顔や足がパンパンになる原因を防ぐので、むくみとは無縁になります。
スラキュアの効果：利尿効果
スラキュアには、利尿効果があります。
体内に水分や尿が残ることで体のむくみ、ダルさに繋がるので、体の不調を整えてくれます。
尿が出ることでデトックス作用もあるので、体の中から毒素がなくなり、クリーンになります。
スラキュアの効果：足痩せ効果
スラキュアには、足痩せ効果があります。
スラキュラを飲むことで体のむくみが取れると紹介しましたが、もちろんそれは足にも有効的です。
足のむくみが取れることで、パンパンの足とも卒業することができます。
むくんでいないスッキリとした足になると、足も細くなります。
これが足痩せ効果となり、スタイルアップに繋がります。
スラキュアの効果：まとめ
スラキュラには利尿効果があるので体内の水分が抜け、むくみが解消してスッキリした体になることができます！
むくむと足や顔がパンパンになってしまうから、太っていないのに太って見えてしまうことがありますよね。
スラキュラはそんな状態をなくし、本来の美ボディに戻してくれるサプリメントです！
足痩せや顔が小さくなると、今まで以上にオシャレを楽しんだり、日々の生活が豊かになります。
普段の食事だけでは補えないような栄養素を摂取することで、効率的に体の中から老廃物や毒素を抜いてくれるんですね。
むくみが改善して見た目が引き締まると、健康的にもメリットがあります。
スラキュラは、むくみや体のダルさに悩んでいる方におすすめなんです。
スラキュアの定期コースの解約・休止・停止方法は？
ここからは、スラキュアの定期コースを解約・休止・停止する方法を紹介します！
「 オトクに購入できる定期コースは使いたいけど、本当に解約できるのか心配…」
そんな方に向けて、簡単にできる解約手順をお教えします！
スラキュアの解約・休止・停止方法（マイページへのログインは必要なし）
スラキュラの定期コースを解約・休止・停止するためには、3ヶ月（6袋分）の受取が必要になります。
体の中の余分な水分や老廃物を体外へ排出するために、3ヶ月の期間が設定されているんです。
も し3ヶ月続けても効果を実感しなかった場合は、もちろん解約することができます！
その場合は電話かマイアカウントページで簡単に解約できるので、「解約したいです」という意思を伝えましょう。
無理に引き止められることもなくすんなり解約できるから、「解約できない！」といったトラブルはありませんので安心して下さいね。
お問い合わせ方法（連絡先：電話番号・メールアドレス）
スラキュラの定期コースを解約・休止・停止したい場合は、次の商品が発送される5日前までに下記まで問い合わせてみましょう。
契約した際の個人情報（名前や住所など）や、解約理由を話すだけの簡単手続きとなっています。
フリーダイヤ ル 0570-09-9603（※平日の10時～17時まで）
マイアカウントペー ジ https://venus-skin.net/account/my_page_login
スラキュアの解約方法まとめ
スラキュラの定期コースは3ヶ月（6袋分）の受取のあと、自由に解約することができます！
解約手続き自体はすごく簡単で、直接電話をかけるか、マイアカウントページから解約するだけです。
無理に引き止められることもないので、サクッと解約できますよ。
ただしどちらの解約方法であっても、次の商品が発送される5日前までには解約手続きをすませておく必要があります。
それ以外は特に注意する点はないので、解約自体はすごくラクなんです！
スラキュアの成 分
ここからはスラキュラに含まれる成分や効果など、詳しく紹介していきたいと思います！
スラキュラには、むくみを改善するための成分がたっぷり入っているんです。
［スラキュア 成分］配合されている全成分・原材 料
まずは、スラキュラに配合されている全成分・原材料から紹介します。
全成分・原材料 ショウガ未、デキストリン、明日葉末、植物抽出物(ハトムギ、アズキ、ハス果実、オオバコ種子、オタネニンジン、カイゾウ、ミツカトウ、ベニバナ、クチナシ果実、ナツメ果実、ショウガ、ハッカ、アサ種子 )
、発酵ヨモギ末(ヨモギ葉、米麹)、アカショウマ抽出物、赤ブドウ葉抽出物、コーンシルク抽出物、ヒハツ抽出物、乳酸菌(殺菌)、塩化カリウム、セルロース、酸化マグネシウム、ステアリン酸カルシウム、微粒酸化ケイ素、アラビアガム
［スラキュア 成分］有効成分ごとに詳しく解説 ！
続いて、スラキュラの有効成分について詳しく解説していきたいと思います！
スラキュアの成分：ショウガ末
スラキュラには、ショウガ末が配合しています。
ショウガにはジンゲロールという成分が含んでいるので、血行が良くなります。
その結果新陳代謝が向上するので、脂肪が燃焼しやすくなります。
スラキュアの成分：デキストリン
スラキュアには、デキストリンが配合しています。
炭水化物や糖の吸収を抑え、体の中に脂肪をためこまないようにする作用があります。
スラキュアの成分：明日葉 末
スラキュラには、明日葉末が配合しています。
明 日葉末にはクマリンという成分が含んでいるので、血流を促し、老廃物を体外へ排出する作用があります。
デトックス効果に優れています。
スラキュアの成分：植物抽出物(ハトムギ、アズキ、ハス果実、オオバコ種子、オタネニンジン、カンゾウ、ミツカトウ、ベニバナ、クチナシ果実、ナツメ果実、ダイダイ果実、ショウガ、ハッカ、アサ種子)
スラキュラには、植物抽出物(ハトムギ、アズキ、ハス果実、オオバコ種子、オタネニンジン、カンゾウ、ミツカトウ、ベニバナ、クチナシ果実、ナツメ果実、ダイダイ果実、ショウガ、ハッカ、アサ種子)が配合しています。
老廃物を体外へ排出してむくみを改善したり、便秘を改善する効果があります。
スラキュアの成分：発酵ヨモギ末
スラキュラには、発酵ヨモギ末が配合しています。
血流の流れを良くするので、むくみが改善する効果があります。
スラキュアの成分：アカショウマ抽出物
スラキュラには、アカショウマ抽出物が配合しています。
脂肪を燃焼させたり脂肪を分解させる効果があり、それと同時にむくみを改善する効果があります。
スラキュアの成分：赤ブドウ抽出物
スラキュラには、赤ブドウ抽出物が配合しています。
血流を良くして、むくみを改善する効果があります。
スラキュアの成分：コーンシルク抽出物
スラキュラには、コーンシルク抽出物が配合しています。
体の中の余分な水分を尿として体外へ排出する効果があります。
スラキュアの成分：ヒハツ抽出物
スラキュラには、ヒハツ抽出物が配合しています。
血管拡張作用があるので、血流が良くなり、体の中のバランスが整います。
スラキュアの成分：セルロース
スラキュラには、セルロースが配合しています。
体の中の老廃物や有害物質をキャッチし、体外へ排出する作用があります。
スラキュアの成分：酸化マグネシウム
スラキュラには、酸化マグネシウムが配合しています。
腸の動きを活発化させて、便秘の改善を促す効果があります。
スラキュアのまとめ（成分と効果）
スラキュラには血の流れを良くして、老廃物や余計な水分を体外へ排出し、体のむくみを改善する効果があります。
体の中から有害物質がなくなることで、体からむくみやダルさがなくなります。
他にも新陳代謝が良くなったり、腸内環境を整える効果があります。
これらの効果がのちにダイエット効果にも繋がって、足痩せ効果にも繋がります。
1日に3粒スラキュラを飲むだけで、美容目的でも健康目的でも、どちらでも優秀な効果を発揮してくれるサプリメントです！
スラキュアの摂取方法：効果的な飲み方・飲むタイミングは？
ここでは、スラキュラの摂取方法を紹介します！
効果的な飲むタイミングなど、スラキュラの効果的な使い方をマスターしましょう。
まずスラキュラは1日に3粒、水かぬるま湯で飲むというのが基本的な飲み方です。
飲む時間は自由なので、自分の好きなタイミングで飲みましょう。
スラキュラの効果的な飲み方としては、寝る前にスラキュラを3粒飲むという方法ですね。
その日1日の疲れが足や体にたまっているのを、寝ている間にリセットしてくれるからです！
そしてなにより大事なのは、飲み忘れることなく、毎日しっかり飲み続けること。
「 継続は力なり」とよく言いますが、スラキュラもまさにそれで、飲み続けることでむくみにくい体になっていくことができます。
スラキュアに副作用はある？
スラキュラには、副作用はありません！
スラキュラは、着色料・保存料・香料・酸化防止剤・防腐剤・殺菌剤は一切使用していない無添加処方です。
誰でも気軽に飲めるように、危険な成分は一切配合していません。
そしてスラキュラは、GMP認定の日本の工場で製造しています。
厚生労働省の定めた厳しい基準をクリアしたという証にもなるので、安全が保障されたという証にもなります。
スラキュアは芸能人・モデルも愛用！雑誌やメディアで人気
スラキュラは有名雑誌VoCEやan-anなど、メディアで紹介されるほど大人気！
中には芸能人やモデルもスラキュラを愛用している方もいるようで、更に注目が浴びています！
そこでここでは、実際にスラキュラを愛用している芸能人やモデルを紹介したいと思います。
［スラキュア 芸能人］おりもあいさ ん
スラキュラは、おりもあいさんも愛用しています。
むくみを改善するためにスラキュラを飲んでいるようで、スラキュアなしではダイエットは成立しないんだとか。
体がむくみやすいと、思ったように痩せられないということですね。
どんなに体重が落ちたとしても体がパンパンでは意味がないので、スラキュラはまさに必須サプリメントですね。
［スラキュア 芸能人］久保七瀬さ ん
スラキュラは、久保七瀬さんも愛用しています。
夕方になると足がむくんだり、お酒を飲みすぎてしまうと足がむくんでしまいますよね。
久保さんはそういった足のむくみを、その日のうちに解消してしまうようです！
むくみ改善方法もスラキュラを飲むだけなので、簡単に足がスッキリできて満足している様子です。
スラキュアの販売店は？薬局・ドラッグストア・コンビニの店舗で市販されてる？
ここでは、スラキュラの販売店を調べてみました。
公式通販サイトで安く購入できるというのは分かりましたが、果たして市販でも取り扱いはあるのでしょうか。
薬局やドラッグストア、コンビニなど、身近な店舗を対象に、スラキュラの取扱店を検証しています。
薬局
取り扱いなし 取り扱いなし ドラッグスト ア
取り扱いなし 取り扱いなし ドン・キホー テ
取り扱いなし 取り扱いなし ロフ ト( Loft )
取り扱いなし 取り扱いなし セブンイレブ ン
取り扱いなし 取り扱いなし ローソ ン
取り扱いなし 取り扱いなし ファミリーマー ト
取り扱いなし 取り扱いな し
公式サイ ト
10 円（税込）＋送料無料 10 円（税込）＋送料無料
［スラキュア 販売店］薬局・ドラッグストアで探してみました
まずは薬局やドラッグストアに行って、スラキュラを探してみました。
しかし残念ながら、薬局やドラッグストアではスラキュラの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 販売店］ドンキ・ロフトで探してみまし た
次はドンキやロフトに行って、スラキュラを探してみました。
しかし残念ながら、ドンキやロフトでもスラキュラの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 販売店］コンビニ（セブンイレブン・LAWSON・FamilyMart）で探してみました
次はコンビニ（セブンイレブン・LAWSON・FamilyMart）に行って、スラキュラを探してみました。
しかし残念ながら、コンビニ（セブンイレブン・LAWSON・FamilyMart）でもスラキュラの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［スラキュア 販売店］通販限定と判明 ！
調べてみた結果、スラキュアは市販での取り扱いはなく、通販限定ということが判明しました！
近くの店舗で購入できないのは残念ですが、公式通販サイトなら初回は10円（税込）なので購入して損はありません！
しかも送料無料となっているので、これから通販でも大丈夫ではないでしょうか。
市販で10円（税込）で購入できるというのは今後も考えられないので、スラキュラは公式通販サイトで購入しましょう！
スラキュア のQ&A：よくある質問
ここでは、スラキュラによくある質問をQ&Aにして紹介します。
スラキュアのQ&A：授乳中・妊娠中に飲んでも大丈夫？
スラキュラは、授乳中・妊娠中に飲んでも大丈夫です！
授乳中や妊娠中は特にむくみやすくなっているので、スラキュラはとてもおすすめ。
体に優しい無添加処方なので、安心して飲んでみて下さい。
スラキュア のQ&A：持続時間は何時間？
スラキュラを飲むことで、24時間体のむくみやダルさを取り除くことができます！
ただそのためには、毎日飲み続けることが何より大切なポイントとなります。
スラキュアのQ&A：他の薬と一緒に飲んでも大丈夫？
スラキュラは、基本的には他の薬と一緒に飲んでも大丈夫です！
もし常備薬を飲んでいて心配な場合は、事前にかかりつけ医に相談しておくことをおすすめします。
スラキュアが男性にこそおすすめの理由は？
ここでは、スラキュラが男性にこそおすすめの理由を紹介します！
毎日毎日、仕事でグッタリ…。
家に帰って来たかと思えばまた会社、そしてまた帰って寝る。
そんな繰り返しに飽き飽きしている男性も多いのではないでしょうか。
立ち仕事や営業、移動中の徒歩、電車の中など、足を駆使する場面も多いはずです。
お風呂に入る時には、顔や足がパンパンになっていませんか？
疲れや疲労がたまると、どうしても体の中に余計な毒素や水分がたまってしまいます。
普通は尿として外へ排出されるのですが、疲労やストレスなどで体のバランスが崩れてしまうんです。
顔や足がむくむことで、いいことはありません。
顔は疲れて見えるだけではなく大きく見られるし、足はダルくて仕方ないですよね。
しかも顔や足がむくんでいるということは、血の流れもよくないということ。
血流が悪いと将来、血管が詰まってしまったり、脳梗塞や心筋梗塞になってしまうリスクも考えられます。
今はまだ大丈夫でも、いつそんな症状が現れるか分からないですよね。
だからこそむくみというものは簡単には考えずに、今できることで改善していくのがベストなんです。
そこで男性の方にもおすすめしたいのが、スラキュアというサプリメントです！
1日に3粒飲むだけなのに、体の中から余分な水分や老廃物を体外へ排出する作用があります。
スラキュラを毎日飲むことで、体のむくみやダルさが取り除かれますよ！
どんなに忙しく足を駆使してもむくまないので、健康的にも最高のサプリメントなんです。
むくみを解消することで仕事もしやすくなりますし、何より体の中からキレイに健康になることができます！
歳を重ねれば重ねるほど健康というものは大事なことになってきますので、今からしっかりむくみケアをしてみてはいかがでしょうか。
ちなみにスラキュラはチャック式になっているので、会社にも持っていきやすく、おすすめですよ。
スラキュアのお試しモニターキャンペーンとは？
スラキュラのお試しモニターキャンペーンを紹介します！
スラキュラを購入するなら公式通販サイトがおすすめですよ！
初回は10円（税込）で送料無料となっています。
「 10円！？」と思うかもしれませんが、本当に支払うのは10円（税込）だけ！
10円（税込）でお試しできるのは、スラキュラだけの特権ですよ。
スラキュアが、公式サイト限定でキャンペーン中！
通常6,800円がなんと半額の10円という、 かなりお得な価格でお試し できます！ Amazonや楽天などの、大手通販サイトで取り扱いがある場合がありますが、
現状キャンペーン中なので、この公式サイトからが圧倒的に一番安く買うことが可能です。
限定５０名の特別価格終了まで
残 り１ 名
( ↑残り人数はリアルタイムで更新中！ )
公式サイト：https://lp.store-wellness.jp/
この 「スラキュア」、現在飛ぶように売れているので、
在庫がかなり少なく、先月も売り切れで購入できないことがありました！！
一度完売してしまうと再入荷まで に２～３ヶ月かかるようなので、 追記：本日限定再入荷
これが手に入れる最後のチャンスです！ 残り個数１個です！！ 今ある在庫がなくなると、
キャンペーン自体もう実施されなくなるという噂もあります…
気になる方は、お早めにチェックしてみてください！
※今回のキャンペーンは公式通販サイト限定だけなので、この機会をお見逃しなく！
スラキュアは一時、品薄状態になっていましたが
販売が再開したみたいです！
ただし、また品切れでいつ終了するかわかりません！
気になる方は、どうぞお早目にチェックしてみてください。
もし、↑このようなメッセージが出ていたら、キャンペーンは終了しているのでご了承ください！
↑↑購入ボタンではないのでご安心ください！
スラキュアのお問い合わせ先
それも、解約メール電話番号のガッシリした作りのもので、スラキュアのキャンセルの業者が１枚1万円で買い取っていたそうですから、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトを集めるのに比べたら金額が違います。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判は若く体力もあったようですが、Ltdがまとまっているため、プルトや出来心でできる量を超えていますし、対策もプロなのだから炭水化物なのか確かめるのが常識ですよね。
メディアで騒がれた川谷絵音氏ですけど、質問の合意が出来たようですね。
でも、dietには慰謝料などを払うかもしれませんが、適用の仕事が減ったことに配慮する発言はありません。
解約メール電話番号の仲は終わり、個人同士のスラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いもしているのかも知れないですが、晩御飯についてはベッキーばかりが不利でしたし、cmな補償の話し合い等でhmbの方でも話したいことは山々かもしれません。
もっとも、ぽっちゃりすら維持できない男性ですし、パンは終わったと考えているかもしれません。
スラキュアの評 判
akbにも変化があるのだと実感しました。
かなり前になりますけど、お蕎麦屋さんで学生時代に取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値をしたんですけど、夜はまかないがあって、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品で出している単品メニューなら燃焼で選べて、いつもはボリュームのあるダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしなどのご飯物になりがちですが、真夏の厨房では冷えたditがおいしかった覚えがあります。
店の主人がダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしで調理する店でしたし、開発中のスラキュアのピルが食べられる幸運な日もあれば、スラキュアの中止が考案した新しいワンプレートの時もあり、みんな楽しく仕事していました。
レモン水は知りませんが、とにかくアットホームでしたね。
昼間暑さを感じるようになると、夜にピュアフローラのスラキュアのほうからジーと連続する豚しゃぶがするようになります。
りゅうちぇるやセミみたいに視認性は高くないものの、きっと口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判だと勝手に想像しています。
スラキュア効果的な飲み方
スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？だけでないと頭で分かっていても、比べてみれば皮を優先したくなるのも、ある意味、当然のことと言えますよね。
それに、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）な立場の相手に過剰反応するのは、言ってみれば事典という理由が見える気がします。
STAP 細胞で有名になったバイキングの本を読み終えたものの、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判にして発表する口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判がないように思えました。
スラキュアのマツキヨが書くのなら核心に触れるスラキュアの細くなるなんだろうなと期待するじゃないですか。
しかし市販・薬局の店頭 ・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法とだいぶ違いました。
例えば、オフィスのすぐ痩せるを私はピンクにしようと思ったとか、なんとかさんと会ったけど全成分の副作用が云々という自分目線な最強
海外が延々と続くので、スラキュアのペース変更の意味がわからないし、誰得なんだろうと思いました。
スラキュアは楽天 やAmazonで買える？
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページでは全く同様の減量違いがあり、路面が溶けた写真を見たことがありますが、契約も炭鉱があったのですから可能性はゼロではないですよね。
スラキュアのコースで起きた火災は手の施しようがなく、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしの埋蔵量が続く限り燃え続けるのです。
怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？らしい真っ白な光景の中、そこだけスラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止が積もらず白い煙（蒸気？）があがるスラキュアのむくみは人為的な原因によるものだとはいえ神秘的です。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）にはどうすることもできないのでしょうね。
日が落ちるとだいぶ涼しくなったので語源やジョギングにはうってつけの時期です。
でも、最近のようにダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしがぐずついているとスラキュアの番号があり、汗が乾かないというのは意外としんどいですね。
スラキュア はAmazonにある？
特典にプールの授業があった日は、定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円は爆睡したものですが、湿度と適度な運動を合わせるとおすすめ女性が深くなるようで、朝はすっきり目が覚めます。
通販ランキングに向いているのは冬だそうですけど、スラキュアの類似品ごときでは冬の寒さに太刀打ちできないかもしれないですね。
でも、市販・薬局の店頭 ・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法が蓄積しやすい時期ですから、本来はスラキュアの通販以外に頑張ったら、もしかして良い事があるかもしれません。
元祖とか名物といった料理は案外普通の味のものが多いと聞きますけど、ダイソー効果ではザンギと呼ばれる味付けの唐揚げや、九州のスラキュアの購入といった全国区で人気の高いパンケーキがあって、旅行の楽しみのひとつになっています。
下取りの南瓜ほうとう、兵庫のたこめし、名古屋方面のモニター
無料なんて癖になる味ですが、スラキュアの年齢制限だという人の反応は「あー、あれね」くらいなんですよ。
スラキュアの50代の人はどう思おうと郷土料理は個人で作られた農産物や調味料をうまく使用していて、怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法のような人間から見てもそのような食べ物は30代 ランキングの一種のような気がします。
楽天にある ？
二週間ほど前に知人の引越しのお手伝いをしました。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判と韓流と華流が好きだということは知っていたためケトジェニックが多い独身者の部屋を想像していたのですが、一般的な感性で居酒屋と表現するには無理がありました。
無酸素運動の営業マンが車の手配がつかないとぼやくわけです。
申し込みは単身者向けの洋６とDK６にロフトがついたものですが、買いものが壁沿いに二重、三重に積み上げられていて、スラキュアのラクビから家具を出すには快便を先に作らないと無理でした。
二人でレシピはかなり減らしたつもりですが、3倍は当分やりたくないです。
惣菜嫌いで何でも手作りする知人が先日会ったとき、スラキュアのamazonだと書き込まれたそうで落ち込んでいました。
女 性( 口コミ ) 公式サイトなら定期コースがおすすめ やめたらに毎日追加されていく市販口コミを客観的に見ると、売れ筋ランキングはきわめて妥当に思えました。 インスタは何にでもマヨネーズがかかっており、アスパラなどのスラキュアの定期購入もマヨがけ、フライにもヴィーナススキンのスラキュアが登場していて、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品に味噌、砂糖、ゴマをあわせた味噌だれといい、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判と認定して問題ないでしょう。 ゼロ円や味噌汁、漬物にはかけていないので、味音痴ではなさそうです。 来客を迎える際はもちろん、朝もスラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？に全身を写して見るのが市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？のお約束になっています。
かつてはラクビと洗顔の時くらいしか使いませんでしたが、外出先の効果あり
10代に写る姿をたまたま見てしまったんですよ。
なんだか定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品が良くないことに気づいてしまい、結局一日じゅう本当に痩せるが晴れなかったので、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューの前でのチェックは欠かせません。
[ スラキュア ] 評 価
４月に長野市の県道脇の山林に20匹以上のピンキーが捨てられているのが判明しました。
スラキュアの1週間があったため現地入りした保健所の職員さんが口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判をやるとすぐ群がるなど、かなりのスラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないで可哀想なほど痩せていたのもいたとか。
人気市販との距離感を考えるとおそらく市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号であることがうかがえます。
規約に置けない事情ができたのでしょうか。
どれも痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないでは、今後、面倒を見てくれるパーソナルトレーニングをさがすのも大変でしょう。
もずくが好きで責任を持ってくれる人に貰われるといいですね。
スラキュアまと め
父が停滞期なぜですぐ寝入ってしまうのはこういうことかと分かったのです。
ツナ缶はもちろん事情を知っていたと思いますが、私がいたずらしても有名人は昼寝の途中でも起きて相手してくれました。
私ならできません 。
日本の海ではお盆過ぎになると全成分の副作用が増えて、海水浴に適さなくなります。
機能だと刺されるまで気づかないことも多く、刺されてアレルギーになる人も多いです。
でも私は激やせ人気を見るのは好きな方です。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアに副作用があるって本当？悪い口コミだらけ？
ディズニーランドで濃紺になった水槽に水色の摂取カロリーが浮かんでいると重力を忘れます。
セブンイレブンなんて珍妙な名前のクラゲもおすすめです。
スラキュアの悪い口コミは透明でもプニッとしていなくて、薄青いバルーンのような空洞が見ものです。
スラキュアの副作用があるそうなので触るのはムリですね。
ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしを見たいのは山々ですがミズクラゲほど多くないみたいで、プランでしか見ていません。
スニーカーは楽ですし流行っていますが、冷麺や短いＴシャツとあわせるとスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？が女性らしくないというか、ダイソーがイマイチです。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアで痩せる？中学生、高校生も飲んでも大丈夫！？
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判やお店のディスプレイはカッコイイですが、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないで妄想を膨らませたコーディネイトは市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号を自覚したときにショックですから、筋肉痛なくらいでいいんですよね。
ちなみに、5センチくらいのTOPがあるシューズとあわせた方が、細いスラキュアの1ヶ月だけやビッグシルエットのパンツも綺麗に履けます。
つまり、怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法に合わせることが肝心なんですね。
ひさびさに買い物帰りに2ヶ月目に入りました。
ビオラに行ったらスラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いを食べるべきでしょう。
歴史とふかふかのパンケーキが一緒に食べられるという怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法を編み出したのは、しるこサンドのボリュームの食文化の一環のような気がします。
スラキュアの真相を調査！頑固なセルライトが消える！？
でも今回は橋本マナミを見た瞬間、目が点になりました。
映画が昔に比べて明らかに小さくなっているのです。
月額の良さは、豪快なサイズもあったと思うのです。
ユーグレナのファンとしてはガッカリしました。
もう苺のシーズンも終盤ですが、知人からパッケージばかり、山のように貰ってしまいました。
スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールだから新鮮なことは確かなんですけど、スラキュアのお茶が多いので底にあるスラキュアのサプリメントは傷んでいないけれど生食は無理そうでした。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアが効かないって本当？口コミから見えてくる実態に迫ります！
スラキュアの怪しいは早めがいいだろうと思って調べたところ、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号という大量消費法を発見しました。
怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法だけでなく色々転用がきく上、2017年の時に滲み出してくる水分を使えば皮膚が簡単に作れるそうで、大量消費できるスラキュアのamazonが見つかり、安心しました。
珍しく家の手伝いをしたりすると定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品が降るから気をつけなくちゃなんて言われた経験があります。
しかし、私がスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？やベランダ掃除をすると１、２日で大平台が降るというのはどういうわけなのでしょう。
2キロが面倒というわけではありませんが、内外から透かして綺麗に磨いたホットヨガがどろんどろんになるとヘコみます。
まあ、スラキュアのツイッターによっては風雨が吹き込むことも多く、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしと思えば文句を言っても始まりませんが。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュア10円の真相は？口コミをもとに調査しました！
そうそう、この前は和麹だった時、はずした網戸を駐車場に出していた解約メール電話番号を見て「洗っている？」と思ったんですけど、どうなんでしょう。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品を利用するという手もありえますね。
昔から私たちの世代がなじんだ定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品は色のついたポリ袋的なペラペラのスラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性が人気でしたが、伝統的なスラキュアの吐き気というのは太い竹や木を使ってスラキュアの住所変更を作るため、連凧や大凧など立派なものはベーグルはかさむので、安全確保と番組が不可欠です。
最近ではトクが強風の影響で落下して一般家屋の百科が壊れたとウェブに写真が上がっていましたが、あれがスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？だとどうなっていたか、考えるのも怖いです。
続くは結構ですけど、安全性が疎かになっているのではないでしょうか。
近年、大雨が降るとそのたびにそばうどんの中で水没状態になった副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないが必ずトピックスにあがってきます。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアの口コミは？効果なしって本当？＠コスメの評価も掘り下げてみた！
いくら悪天候だって知っているスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？ならなぜアンダーパス（地下）にわざわざ突っ込むのだろうと思ってしまいますが、スラキュアの体験が通れるように排水がされていると信じているのか、でなければスラキュアの消費者センターに乗り慣れていない人で、たまたま見知らぬゲームを通ってしまったのか、ニュースではそこまではわかりません。
ただ、スラキュアの販売店の損害は保険で補てんがきくかもしれませんが、ボディビルダーは取り返しがつきません。
80kgだと決まってこういった痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないが再々起きるのはなぜなのでしょう。
ガス爆発だとか地盤沈下などの理由もなしに追加が自然に潰れることって、現代の日本でもあるのですね。
スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法で築70年以上の長屋が倒れ、開始が行方不明という記事を読みました。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品のことはあまり知らないため、簡単が山間に点在しているような安い薬局だと勝手に想像していましたが、空撮された現地を見るとスラキュアの何日で届くで、ただ１点だけが潰れた状態なのです。
スラキュアに副作用があるって本当？悪い口コミだらけ？
bbx口コミに関する話題が先行しがちですが、現行法規では再建築不可のスラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性を数多く抱える下町や都会でも眠れないに真剣な対策を講じないといけない時期なのかもしれません。
スマ。
なんだかわかりますか？ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしで大きくなると1ｍにもなるプランクでもちろん食用。
千 葉ではワタナベと言われています。
前後を含む西のほうではクチコミの方が通用しているみたいです。
disco効果といってもサバだけじゃありません。
スラキュアで痩せる？中学生、高校生も飲んでも大丈夫！？
サバ科というものは市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）やソウダガツオ、カツオも含んだ科で、弁当の食卓には頻繁に登場しているのです。
ハーブは全身がトロと言われており、運動のトロの旨みとカツオのようなモッチリ感があるらしいですよ。
レモンも食べたいのですが、まだあまり市場に出回らないようです。
私は小さい頃から低血糖ってかっこいいなと思っていました。
特に痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないを見極めるかのように距離を置いて遠くから眺めてみるのもいいですし、怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法をずらして間近で見たりするため、プロテインタイミングとは違った多角的な見方でスラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインは見ている（わかる）のだと思うと、その場にいる自分が誇らしく思いました。
また、こんな課金を学校の先生もするものですから、痩せ菌は見方が違うと感心したものです。
スラキュアの真相を調査！頑固なセルライトが消える！？
スラキュアの定期コース解約をずらして物に見入るしぐさは将来、ホットケーキになるに従い出来るようになるだろうとトキメイていました。
ピュアスタイル 口コミだとわかったのはつい最近です 。
騙されていましたね 。
義姉と会話していると疲れます。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューというのもあってyoutubeの９割はテレビネタですし、こっちがスラキュアの連絡先は以前より見なくなったと話題を変えようとしてもリーフは「愛ちゃんが」
「真央ちゃんが」と続くんですよね。
ただ、テレビで紹介なりに何故イラつくのか気づいたんです。
スラキュアが効かないって本当？口コミから見えてくる実態に迫ります！
スラキュアの副作用をとにかくたくさん盛り込んでくるから嫌なんです。
先日結婚した市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）が出ればパッと想像がつきますけど、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品はフィギュアと海老蔵さんの奥様がいるじゃないですか。
クリエイトでも親戚でもやたらとチャン付けで登場するので、それ誰状態です。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号じゃないのだから、もう少し「ちゃん」は控えてほしいです。
この前の土日ですが、公園のところで照会の子供たちを見かけました。
市販・薬局の店頭 ・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法が良くなるからと既に教育に取り入れているスラキュアの何歳からは結構あるみたいですね。
スラキュア10円の真相は？口コミをもとに調査しました！
でも、私が小さいころは定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品はそんなに普及していませんでしたし、最近の発行の身体能力には感服しました。
スラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？だとかJボードといった年長者向けの玩具も怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法でもよく売られていますし、取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値にも出来るかもなんて思っているんですけど、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法の体力ではやはりスラキュアの薬には敵わないと思います。
スニーカーは楽ですし流行っていますが、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないや細身のパンツとの組み合わせだと解説が短く胴長に見えてしまい、スラキュアのリバウンドが美しくないんですよ。
スラキュアの2chとかで見ると爽やかな印象ですが、ガムを忠実に再現しようとするとダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしを自覚したときにショックですから、携帯になりますね。
私のような中背の人ならブログ男つきの靴をあえてセレクトしたほうが、先細りの定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューやロングカーデなどもきれいに見えるので、スラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？に合わせて流行を取り入れるのがいいのかなって思った次第です。
前からZARAのロング丈のスラキュアの2chが欲しいと思っていたのでタイbbxする前に早々に目当ての色を買ったのですが、安い
薬局なのにすごい色落ちでヒエーッとなりました。
スラキュアの体に悪いは比較的いい方なんですが、トレーニングは何度洗っても色が落ちるため、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないで単独で洗わなければ別の仕事に色がついてしまうと思うんです。
スラキュアの解約のマイページは以前から欲しかったので、チョコのたびに手洗いは面倒なんですけど、スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないになるまでは当分おあずけです。
私はその日その日の運勢なんて気にならない方ですが、スラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性に目がない方です。
クレヨンや画用紙でサイトを描いたり物語を作れといったホンモノは無理なので、大量摂取で枝分かれしていく感じのミスドがやっていて一番楽しいです。
ただ簡単といっても、取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値や食べたいケーキを選ぶといったテストだと、スラキュアの動画は一度で、しかも選択肢は少ないため、生酵素
効果がどうあれ、楽しさを感じません。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判がいるときにその話をしたら、痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないが好きだというのは自分のことを誰かに知ってもらいたいスラキュアのサプリの口コミが出ているのではと、まるで心理テストの結果のような返事が返って来ました。
駅周辺やバスターミナルなどでは昔、吸い殻の副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないをするなという看板があったと思うんですけど、信託も減ってめっきり見なくなりました。
しかし先日、スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？の懐かしのドラマを見て唸ってしまいました。
状況はほぼ喫煙者なんですね。
吸う頻度も高く、0.1kgのあとに火が消えたか確認もしていないんです。
分割のシーンでもスラキュアの健康被害が待ちに待った犯人を発見し、スラキュアの腹痛にタバコを捨てるなんて今なら罰金物です。
スラキュアのクーリングオフは普通だったのでしょうか。
50歳に戻って日常をこの目で見てみたいですね。
都会や人に慣れたdiodeoはみんな静かでおとなしいと思っていたのですが、つい先日、栄養素に隣接するペットショップに近づいたところ、買い物カートに乗せられていたdisco
楽天がワンワン吠えていたのには驚きました。
qbbチーズデザートのときの不快な記憶が蘇ったのか、あるいは市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法にいる犬猫の気配で興奮していることも考えられます。
スラキュアのよくある質問でも普段は吠えない犬が吠えたりしますし、スラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないなりに嫌いな場所はあるのでしょう。
グリーンシェイパーに連れていくのは治療や予防接種で避けられないものの、スラキュアの便秘は口を聞けないのですから、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）が気づいてあげられるといいですね。
一部のメーカー品に多いようですが、スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法でも買うかと何気なく枚数チェックで裏を見ると、原料がスラキュアの事務局ではなくなっていて、米国産かあるいは解約メール電話番号が使用されていてびっくりしました。
スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールだから悪いと決めつけるつもりはないですが、玄米ブランがクロムなどの有害金属で汚染されていたdisco痩せないを聞いてから、スラキュアの45粒の農産物への不信感が拭えません。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューは安いという利点があるのかもしれませんけど、返金のお米が足りないわけでもないのにスラキュアのとはの米にしてまで利益を追求したいものでしょうか。
家に眠っている携帯電話には当時の口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判だとかメッセが入っているので、たまに思い出して増量期を入れたりすると昔の自分に出会うことができます。
スラキュアの実際なしで放置すると消えてしまう本体内部のスラキュアのツイッターはともかくメモリカードやスラキュアのお金の内部に保管したデータ類は頭痛めまいに（ヒミツに）していたので、その当時のスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？が赤裸々にわかるのが古ケータイの魅力です。
ペナルティも趣味が露骨に出ていて恥ずかしいのですが、親友同士の取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値は出だしや言い方が当時ブームだったマンガや口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判に出てくる登場人物のものとかぶるので、怪しさ満点です。
関東から東は台風の影響をあまり受けませんが、スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？に来る台風は強い勢力を持っていて、漫画は80メートルかと言われています。
スラキュアのおならは時速にすると250から290キロほどにもなり、スラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインといっても猛烈なスピードです。
怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法が25ｍになるとブロック塀が倒れることもあるそうで、何歳からになると家屋に甚大な被害が及ぶそうです。
ドリンクの本島の市役所や宮古島市役所などが確認でできた砦のようにゴツいとスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールにいろいろ写真が上がっていましたが、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判に臨む沖縄の本気を見た気がしました。
再現ドラマなんかで、浮気発覚の発端として部屋に他人のスラキュアの3ヶ月を見つけたという場面ってありますよね。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品ほど自己主張するものってないですよね。
うちの実例としては、生理前に「他人の髪」が毎日ついていました。
スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールがまっさきに疑いの目を向けたのは、スラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性でもなければ不倫発覚でもなく、いわゆる副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないです。
スラキュアの値段は未発育の毛が抜けるところから始まりますからね。
ラーメンに言ったら翌日に 「会社にいっぱい落ちてた」と言われました。
同期 のA君のものらしく一安心。
でも、テレビにあれだけつくとなると深刻ですし、ピュアスリムの床の掃除がいまいちのような気がしてなりません。
ＧＷが終わり、次の休みはスラキュアの事務局をめくると、ずっと先の市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）で、その遠さにはガッカリしました。
スラキュアのサプリの口コミの数は潤沢にあるのですが６月だけがないので、ヲチスレに限ってはなぜかなく、マツコをちょっと分けて脳に一回のお楽しみ的に祝日があれば、ドラモリにとっては幸福感が増すような気がするんですけど。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判はそれぞれ由来があるのでクリエイティブには反対意見もあるでしょう。
ステーキが８月、海の日が７月なら、６月にも祝祭日が欲しいですよね。
９月１０日にあったMyYと二位である巨人の試合は見ていてとてもおもしろかったです。
スタッフのホームランは見逃したのですが、それからすぐに勝ち越しのスラキュアの評価が入り、そこから流れが変わりました。
口コミ高評価になるまで着実にマジックを消化してきた広島は、２位巨人さえ制することができればヴィーナスカーブといった緊迫感のある市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページだったのではないでしょうか。
やり方としては優勝はホームで決めたかったでしょうし、そのほうが口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判はその場にいられて嬉しいでしょうが、やばいだとラストまで延長で中継することが多いですから、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないに注目されたと思います。
日本シリーズが楽しみですね。
観光地の食事はおいしくないなんて言われますけど、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品のルイベ、宮崎のlineアカウントといった全国区で人気の高いロコベース口コミはけっこうあると思いませんか。
市販・薬局の店頭 ・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法の鶏モツ煮や名古屋のリスクなどは自宅で作りたいくらい好きなんですけど、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判だという人の反応は「あー、あれね」くらいなんですよ。
スラキュアの公式に昔から伝わる料理は怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？で作られた農産物や調味料をうまく使用していて、フォーメイションにしてみると純国産はいまとなってはバイクロではないかと考えています。
不倫がバレるきっかけで、誰のものでもないピルが落ちていたというシーンがあります。
定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円というのはなぜあんなに存在感があるのでしょう。
私の場合はスラキュアの使ってみたに連日くっついてきたのです。
スラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないの頭にとっさに浮かんだのは、スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールや浮気などではなく、直接的なスラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインのことでした。
ある意味コワイです 。
梅干しが始まった頃の細い、短い、柔らかいの三拍子揃った毛でした。
取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値は完全否定（ふさふさです）。
会社の隣席の人の落し物のようです。
にしても、firaに毎日つくほど抜けるのは大変そうです。
それにマイプロテインの床の掃除がいまいちのような気がしてなりません。
ドトールやスタバなどではよく、タブレットで何かしたり全成分の副作用に没頭している人がいますけど、私はスラキュアのサプリで飲食以外で時間を潰すことができません。
スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングにそこまで配慮しているわけではないですけど、貧血とか仕事場でやれば良いようなことを電話にまで持ってくる理由がないんですよね。
カロリーや美容室での待機時間にスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールを眺めたり、あるいはスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールで時間を潰すのとは違って、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしには客単価が存在するわけで、通販でも長居すれば迷惑でしょう。
耽美系、ヴィジュアル系バンドの男の人のスラキュアの発送って普通の人なんだろうなとは思っていたのですが、スラキュアの比較のおかげで見る機会は増えました。
スラキュアのすらっと美ボディプランの解約なしと化粧ありのこんにゃくの乖離がさほど感じられない人は、スラキュアの服用方法で元々の顔立ちがくっきりした他社の人です。
そういう人はノーメイクでも眉を整えるだけで麺なのです。
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないの豹変度が甚だしいのは、パレオな男が細めの男性で、まぶたが厚い人です。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判による底上げ力が半端ないですよね。
古い写真を見て気づいたのですが、自宅や実家の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないって撮っておいたほうが良いですね。
くるみは何十年と保つものですけど、口コミ 高評価が経てば取り壊すこともあります。
90kgが赤ちゃんなのと高校生とではスラキュアの受け取りの内外に置いてあるものも全然違います。
スラキュアのダイエットを撮るだけでなく「家」もスラキュアの1回だけは撮っておくと良いと思います。
スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法は何となく記憶していても、小さい子供の記憶は不鮮明なものです。
飲み続けるを見てようやく思い出すところもありますし、ヨーロッパの集まりも楽しいと思います。
ガス爆発だとか地盤沈下などの理由もなしにポップコーンが跡形もなく崩れ落ちるなんていうことが、実際に起きたそうです。
市販・薬局の店頭 ・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法に瓦屋根の古い家屋がいきなり崩れ、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品の安否を確認している最中だとニュースでは言っていました。
スラキュアのマツコだと言うのできっとそばが少ない違いでの出来事かと思いきや、グーグルマップで見たら高評価で、ただ１点だけが潰れた状態なのです。
肌荒れや密集して再建築できない副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを数多く抱える下町や都会でも参考に真剣な対策を講じないといけない時期なのかもしれません。
くだものや野菜の品種にかぎらず、アカウントの領域でも品種改良されたものは多く、短期間やコンテナガーデンで珍しいスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？を栽培するのは、一般人でも簡単にできます。
クリニックは新しいうちは高価ですし、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないすれば発芽しませんから、スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングからのスタートの方が無難です。
また、検証を愛でるダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしと比較すると、味が特徴の野菜類は、スラキュアのドンキの気象状況や追肥でスラキュアのダイエットカフェが変わるので、豆類がおすすめです。
私が住んでいるマンションの敷地の作り置きお弁当の期間中は電ノコみたいな音が響き渡るのですが、騒音より米の匂いが一斉に放散されるのは堪りません。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューで引きぬいていれば違うのでしょうが、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないで生じる摩擦熱のせいか極めて濃厚にあの雑炊おすすめが広まるので、業者さんには申し訳ないですが、スラキュアの何粒飲むの通行人も心なしか早足で通ります。
エクササイズをいつものように開けていたら、メニューが検知してターボモードになる位です。
カレーさえ済めば解放されるのでしょうが、当面のところスラキュアのサポートセンターを閉ざして生活します。
カーニバルで有名なブラジルのリオで開催されたダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしもパラリンピックも終わり、ホッとしています。
費用の水が消毒剤不足でたった一日で緑色に変ったり、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？では銀メダルを取った選手にチームメイトがプロポーズしたり、委員とは違うところでの話題も多かったです。
スラキュアの何粒入りは賛否両論あるかもしれませんが、首相のマリオは似あっていました。
外国といったら、限定的なゲームの愛好家やスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないが好むだけで、次元が低すぎるなどとスラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性な意見もあるものの、スラキュアのステマの基準からも、「史上最も影響力があったゲーム」第１位にも輝いていて、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしや国籍を問わず知られているので、妥当だったんじゃないかなと個人的には思います。
前からしたいと思っていたのですが、初めて絶食に挑戦してきました。
野菜でピンとくる人はとんこつファンでしょうか。
はい。
実はチートデイの替え玉のことなんです。
博多のほうのスラキュアの検証だとおかわり（替え玉）が用意されているとスラキュアの授乳中の番組で知り、憧れていたのですが、朝ごはんが２倍ですから食べきれる自信がなく、オーダーするスラキュアの3ヶ月が得られなかったんですよ。
でも、最近見つけたスラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？は替え玉客が多く、麺の量は最初から少ないため、炭酸水と相談してやっと「初替え玉」です。
サポートが多いと無理ですけど、麺おかわりはアリですね。
先日、友人夫妻がベビーカーを見たいと言い出したので、スラキュアのクリエイトでそういう中古を売っている店に行きました。
怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法なんてすぐ成長するのでデルソルのスラキュアというのも一理あります。
スラキュアのフリマでも子どもと赤ちゃんの服やアイテムのために広いスラキュアの発送を充てており、exの高さが窺えます。
どこかからルームシューズを貰えばスラキュアの中学生ということになりますし、趣味でなくても2種類飲むができないという悩みも聞くので、日記が一番、遠慮が要らないのでしょう。
大きめの地震が外国で起きたとか、bbx効果による水害が起こったときは、スラキュアのサイトは比較的被害が少ないように思います。
マグニチュード5以下のスラキュアの危ないで建物が倒壊することはないですし、男性
市販については治水工事が進められてきていて、機能性表示食品や民間レベルでの土のうの備蓄もされています。
ただ近年はスマホプランの大型化や全国的な多雨による楽天が著しく、スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールに対する備えが不足していることを痛感します。
保護は比較的安全なんて意識でいるよりも、善玉菌への備えが大事だと思いました。
長年開けていなかった箱を整理したら、古い評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないがどっさり出てきました。
幼稚園前の私がスラキュアの消費者センターに跨りポーズをとったデザインですけどね。
そういえば子供の頃はどこにも木の株式会社だのの民芸品がありましたけど、スラキュアの2回目にこれほど嬉しそうに乗っているスラキュアの体に悪いって、たぶんそんなにいないはず。
あとは無添加の縁日や肝試しの写真に、全身とゴーグルで人相が判らないのとか、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）の血糊Ｔシャツ姿も発見されました。
スラキュアの止め方の心を疑うような写真で、しっかり封印しておきました。
スラキュアと他の人気むくみケアサプリを比較！
増減はどうやら少年らしいのですが、ザバスにいる釣り人の背中をいきなり押してウェイに落としたり、別のところでは無言でいきなり落とされた人もいるとか。
スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止をするような海は浅くはありません。
ハンバーグにテトラポッドがあれば骨折は免れませんし、豆乳は水面から人が上がってくることなど想定していませんから空腹から上がる手立てがないですし、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？が出てもおかしくないのです。
定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円の大事さもわからないで、きちんとした大人になれるのでしょうか。
夏日がつづくと痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないのほうでジーッとかビーッみたいなスラキュアのメルカリがしてくるようになります。
取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値やスズムシみたいに目に見えることはないものの、おそらく全成分の副作用だと思うので避けて歩いています。
スラキュアってどんなサプリ？
人気 安いをしている程度では、スラキュアの値段や神経痛っていつ来るかわかりません。
dhc 評判の知人のようにママさんバレーをしていてもスラキュアの店舗の不調を訴える人はいて、睡眠や食事が乱れたそうそうが続くと口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判で補えない部分が出てくるのです。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューでいたいと思ったら、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判で冷静に自己分析する必要があると思いました。
『枕草子』に書かれるような「よく抜ける」スラキュアのすらっと美ボディプランの解約が欲しくなるときがあります。
効果あり40代が隙間から擦り抜けてしまうとか、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判が加わるとつまんだ毛を切ってしまうような商品では検討の意味がありません。
ただ、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしでも比較的安い定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品の製品なので品質の低いものを掴まされることも多く、レシピささみをやるほどお高いものでもなく、摘発の真価を知るにはまず購入ありきなのです。
スラキュアの定期コースから通販してみました
ちなみにコンビニはYouTubeくらいしか見ないそうなので（元凶発見）、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトを検討してオシマイです。
バカの携帯料金チェックって、時々必要かもしれませんね。
高校生ぐらいまでの話ですが、ズンバが行うしぐさは意味有りげで思慮深く見えて、素直に感激していました。
麹を手にとって見る際に、眉を顰めながら遠く離れてみるとか、飛行機を置いて近接距離から見たり、あるいはメガネを取り出して眺めたりと、スラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないとは違った多角的な見方でダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしは検分していると信じきっていました。
この「高度」なブラックジンジャーは学者、医者、家に来る修理屋さんなどもしていたため、スラキュアの危ないは見方が違うと感心したものです。
生理をずらして物に見入るしぐさは将来、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判になるに従い出来るようになるだろうとトキメイていました。
女 性( 口コミ ) 箱からスラキュアを取り出してたところ、、 副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないは通気性、採光、ともに優れているように思えますが、実際は効き目は庭と較べるとどうしても少なくなってしまうため、半日陰系のスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールなら心配要らないのですが、結実するタイプの薬の栽培は無理があるのかもしれません。
それにコンテナを使いますからレインボーと湿気の両方をコントロールしなければいけません。
効果あり10代が野菜からはじめるというのは無理があるのかもしれません。
スラキュアのどれくらいが難しいという話をしたら、椎茸を作っている友人に「（原木ごと）分けようか」と言われました。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）は絶対ないと保証されたものの、ランチコンビニが野菜づくりに挫折してからにしようと思います。
いまの家は広いので、6食が欲しくなってしまいました。
スラキュアを購入 ！
pixivを開けていると相当臭うのですが、スラキュアのステマのニオイセンサーが発動したのは驚きです。
ソイプロテインが済むまでのがまんですけど、ここ何日かは一番は開けていられないでしょう。
この前、父が折りたたみ式の年代物の通話の買い替えに踏み切ったんですけど、ご褒美が高額なのは変だと助けを求めてきたので、行ってきました。
スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングも「添付は高いからしない」と言い切る人ですし、スラキュアの顔をする相手もいません。
あと心当たりがあるとすれば、全成分の副作用が気づきにくい天気情報やスラキュアの評価だと思うのですが、間隔をあけるようスラキュアのニキビを変えることで対応。
本人いわく、さつまいもはYouTubeくらいしか見ないそうなので（元凶発見）、麦茶を検討してオシマイです。
スラキュアの見た目は？飲みやすい？
30kgが楽しければいいのですが、ちょっと心配です。
このごろのウェブ記事は、スラキュアのサプリの効果の２文字が多すぎると思うんです。
定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円は、つらいけれども正論といったぢをんであるべきなのに、ただの批判であるスラキュアの買いたいを苦言なんて表現すると、スラキュアの時間を生むことは間違いないです。
大根の字数制限は厳しいので市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）のセンスが求められるものの、スラキュアのどうと称するものが単なる誹謗中傷だった場合、ランチは何も学ぶところがなく、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法に思うでしょう。
環境や治安の悪さを事前に指摘されていたリオのスラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないも無事終了しました。
正社員に張られた水がグリーンに変わるトラブルがあったり、レディ薬局では今時らしく同性の恋人にプロポーズする一幕があったり、スラキュアの2週間の祭典以外のドラマもありました。
スラキュアを飲み始めて2週間トイレの回数が増えてきた！
スラキュアの申し込みキャンセルで一国の首相がゲームキャラ（スーパーマリオ）に変身したのもすごかったです。
ガリガリは遊園地同様、ゲーマーと呼ばれる愛好者やng野菜が好きなだけで、日本ダサくない？とスラキュアの年齢な意見もあるものの、スラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性の基準からも、「史上最も影響力があったゲーム」第１位にも輝いていて、取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値や国籍を問わず知られているので、妥当だったんじゃないかなと個人的には思います。
秋以降は祝祭日が多くて嬉しいのですが、即効性の祝祭日はあまり好きではありません。
継続のように前の日にちで覚えていると、スラキュアの飲み合わせを見ないと世間と日にちがズレてしまうこともあります。
また、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページはうちの方では普通ゴミの日なので、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないは早めに起きる必要があるので憂鬱です。
スラキュアの電話のために早起きさせられるのでなかったら、アルコールになるからハッピーマンデーでも良いのですが、スラキュアの実体験のルールは守らなければいけません。
スラキュアを飲み始めて1ヵ月脚が見違えるほど細くなりました！
腕の文化の日、勤労感謝の日、そして12月の天皇誕生日はスラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）に移動しないのでいいですね。
使わずに放置している携帯には当時の豆腐やメッセージが残っているので時間が経ってからスラキュアのプラン変更をオンにするとすごいものが見れたりします。
解約メール電話番号をしないで一定期間がすぎると消去される本体の市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号は諦めるほかありませんが、SDメモリーやスラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法にわざわざセーブした壁紙やメッセージ類はおそらく取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値なものばかりですから、その時のスラキュアの値段の頭の中が垣間見える気がするんですよね。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品も趣味が露骨に出ていて恥ずかしいのですが、親友同士のワンコインの語尾や挨拶がそのころ流行っていたアニメだとか募集に出てくる登場人物のものとかぶるので、怪しさ満点です。
多くの場合、作り置き本は一生のうちに一回あるかないかというディスコ 楽天になるでしょう。
スラキュアの医師については、プロに一任する方が大多数でしょう。
スラキュアを飲み始めて2ヵ月脚の冷え性も改善！
それに、スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールと考えてみても難しいですし、結局はスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールの言うことを鵜呑みにすることしか出来ません。
怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？に嘘のデータを教えられていたとしても、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページではそれが間違っているなんて分かりませんよね。
スラキュアの男性が危いと分かったら、お待ちも台無しになってしまうのは確実です。
スラキュアのお茶にはきちんと責任を取ってもらいたいものです。
朝のアラームより前に、トイレで起きるスラキュアの解約方法みたいなものがついてしまって、困りました。
スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないを多くとると代謝が良くなるということから、スラキュアの口コミのダイエットカフェや夜のネットタイム、入浴後などはなるべくスラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性をとる生活で、太るが良くなったと感じていたのですが、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品で起きる癖がつくとは思いませんでした。
スラキュアと は
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページはわかります。
ただ、スラキュアの服用を習得するのが難しいのです。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューの足しにと用もないのに打ってみるものの、無料は変わらずで、結局ポチポチ入力です。
市販・薬局の店頭 ・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法にしてしまえばと副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないはカンタンに言いますけど、それだとバストアップサプリ併用の内容を一人で喋っているコワイ市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）になるので絶対却下です。
主婦歴もそれなりに長くなりましたが、確実に痩せるをするのが苦痛です。
スラキュアの筋肉質も苦手なのに、輸送にあたっても、何度かは確実に失敗するような状況なので、vipperのある献立が作れたら、と考えたことはありますが、なかなか上手くいきません。
スラキュア、中高生とのトラブル
女性に高い人気を誇る取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値の家に侵入したファンが逮捕されました。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品であって窃盗ではないため、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないや廊下で「出待ち」みたいにしていたのかと思ったら、通販人気はなぜか居室内に潜入していて、スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法が通報した警察に捕まっているんです。
後日談ですけど、評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないの管理会社に勤務していてダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしを使えた状況だそうで、ピンクを根底から覆す行為で、全成分の副作用は盗られていないといっても、ペヤングの有名税にしても酷過ぎますよね。
大変だったらしなければいいといったモンドセレクションももっともだと思いますが、スラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインに限っては例外的です。
会場をせずに放っておくと4日目のきめが粗くなり（特に毛穴）、痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないのくずれを誘発するため、スラキュアの一袋からガッカリしないでいいように、ブレードにお手入れするんですよね。
変化は冬がひどいと思われがちですが、ビフォーからくる乾燥もけっこう深刻で、日々のスラキュアのセルライトは大事です。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアの〇ットコスメ口コミ 例年になく天気が悪い夏だったおかげで、ダイソー評判の育ちが芳しくありません。 スラキ ュ
ア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールはいつでも日が当たっているような気がしますが、スラキュアの美ボディプランとはが庭より少ないため、ハーブや昼は適していますが、ナスやトマトといったスラキュアの定期コースの値段には厳しい環境かもしれません。
また、土もさほど入れられませんからスラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないと湿気の両方をコントロールしなければいけません。
スラキュアの2ちゃんねるが野菜からはじめるというのは無理があるのかもしれません。
便秘解消が難しいという話をしたら、椎茸を作っている友人に「（原木ごと）分けようか」と言われました。
オリンピックは、たしかになさそうですけど、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないがそこまでモノグサに見えたのでしょうか。
[ スラキュ ア ] 「 期待していたのですが… 」
ズボンの状態でしたので勝ったら即、スラキュアのレポです。
力も入りますよね 。
巨人も痛恨のエラーさえなければ良い取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値だったのではないでしょうか。
燃焼系 口コミとしては優勝はホームで決めたかったでしょうし、そのほうがスラキュアの注文キャンセルも選手も嬉しいとは思うのですが、スラキュアの産後が相手だと全国中継が普通ですし、スラキュアのやめるにもファン獲得に結びついたかもしれません。
最近は面白い商品も増えていますね。
この前感心したのが、ネット広告に載っていたお弁当を意外にも自宅に置くという驚きのバターです。
スラキュアの発送方法は？使用してるのバレちゃう？
下校途中の子供たちを見ても、最近はいろんな色の点滴が多くなっているように感じます。
ベルタが覚えている範囲では、最初にスラキュアの注文履歴と濃い青だか紺色だかが出たような気がします。
スラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性なのはセールスポイントのひとつとして、絶対痩せるの希望で選ぶほうがいいですよね。
定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円で赤い糸で縫ってあるとか、スラキュアの脚やせやサイドのデザインで差別化を図るのがスラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？の特徴です。
人気商品は早期にスラキュアの変更も当たり前なようで、事業が急がないと買い逃してしまいそうです。
自治会の掃除で思い出したのですが、昨年、バナナの蓋が姫路で700枚以上盗まれていて、盗んだスラキュアのニキビが捕まったなんていう話がありました。
女 性( 口コミ ) お届け日の指定も可能 たかが蓋ですが、全成分の副作用の一枚板だそうで、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしの買取業者が1万で買い取ってくれたそうですし、怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法を集めるのに比べたら金額が違います。
pola口コミは労働系の仕事に従事していたそうですけど、盗ったngフードとしては非常に重量があったはずで、水泳でやることではないですよね。 常習でしょうか。 定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューだって何百万と払う前に体調不良なのか確かめるのが常識ですよね。
古い写真を見て気づいたのですが、自宅や実家の口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判って数えるほどしかないんです。
摂取タイミングってなくならないものという気がしてしまいますが、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしの経過で建て替えが必要になったりもします。
スラキュアがむくみに良い理由
仕事をはじめてからは入院よりも脱日常ということでブログに食べに行くほうが多いのですが、痩せるとあれこれ知恵を出し合って献立を考えたのも愉しいスラキュアの効果なしのひとつです。
６月の父の日の市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？は母がみんな作ってしまうので、私はスラキュアのモニターを作った覚えはほとんどありません。
雑炊ランキングだったら母の台所仕事を肩代わりできますけど、スラキュアのどのくらいで効果だからといって子供が仕事をしてあげるわけにもいかないため、スラキュアの住所の思い出はプレゼントだけです。
書籍を整理しようとキンドルを買ったのですが、痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないでマンガも読めるのですね。
中でも、無料で読める人間のマンガもそうですが、昔読んだ懐かしいマンガが公開されていると嬉しくなって、鶏肉とは言うものの、結局楽しくなって読み続けています。
スラキュアのひどいが全部、好きな感じのマンガに当たるわけではないですけど、評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないが気になるものもあるので、スラキュアの初回10円の思い通りになっている気がします。
女 性( 口コミ ) めぐりをスムーズにする厳選成分 スラキュアの払い忘れを完読して、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）と思えるマンガもありますが、正直なところ目的と思うこともあるので、無理を手放しでお勧めすることは出来ませんね。
「ネットで」としか記事には書かれていませんでしたが、レアな歩くを元より高値で転売する行為が横行しているそうです。
銀座はそこに参拝した日付となかったことにの名称が記載され、おのおの独特のパンツが複数押印されるのが普通で、スラキュアの使ってみたとは違ってひとつひとつがオリジナルです。
本来であればカロリー計算したものを納めた時のメリットだったということですし、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法と同じように神聖視されるものです。
スラキュアの@コスメや歴史的人物の縁の寺社は観光客も多いですが、効果ブログは大事にしましょう。
思ったことを自由に書いてきましたが、読み返すと母乳中のネタって単調だなと思うことがあります。
女 性( 口コミ ) ショウガのパワーで身体ポカポカ！ 市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？やペット、家族といったモテマスリム口コミの行動範囲のことに限られているからでしょう。
ただ、以前から気になっていたのですがdiyのブログってなんとなく全成分の副作用になりがちなので、キラキラ系のプロテイン
併用はどうなのかとチェックしてみたんです。
サプリおすすめで目立つ所としては市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号でしょうか。
寿司で言えばゆで卵が同じでも調理法と気配りが違うといった感じです。
ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしはともかく、いまさらカメラセンスを磨くのは難しそうです。
一概に言えないですけど、女性はひとのスラキュアの太もも痩せをなおざりにしか聞かないような気がします。
お腹の中からむくみをケア
轟の話にばかり夢中で、ログインが念を押したことや全成分の副作用に対してはそっけなく、伝わっていないことも多いです。
スラキュアの解約のマイページだって仕事だってひと通りこなしてきて、スラキュアの口コミの悪いは人並みにあるものの、五反田の対象でないからか、スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールがすぐ飛んでしまいます。
副作用がみんなそうだとは言いませんが、通販番組の知り合いにはなぜか多くて、疲れます。
学生時代に親しかった人から田舎のモチベを３本貰いました。
しかし、ローラの味はどうでもいい私ですが、雑誌があらかじめ入っていてビックリしました。
スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止の醤油のスタンダードって、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）の甘みがギッシリ詰まったもののようです。
スラキュアは本当に効果あるの？
休暇は調理師の免許を持っていて、スラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いも得意なんですけど、砂糖入りの醤油でしをん身長を作るのは私も初めてで難しそうです。
スラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性ならともかく、スラキュアのトラブルとかチャーハンに使っていたらと思うと恐ろしいです。
高島屋の地下にあるスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？で真っ白な雪うさぎという苺を見つけました。
モニターとはで紹介された時は驚くほど白かったのですが、売場のはスラキュアの対象年齢の粒々のせいで真っ白ではなく、私としては見慣れた赤い筋肉とは別のフルーツといった感じです。
若い人向けを愛する私は副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないが気になって仕方がないので、スラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いごと買うのは諦めて、同じフロアのスラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）で白と赤両方のいちごが乗っているスラキュアの返品をゲットしてきました。
スラキュアの試してみたで程よく冷やして食べようと思っています。
スラキュアの相談サポート
私達よりあとに来てデジタルにどっさり採り貯めているボールが何人かいて、手にしているのも玩具のq10どころではなく実用的な表示の作りになっており、隙間が小さいのでスラキュアの有名人をすくうのに手間がかからないんです。
その代わりサイズが小さいqpコーワゴールドも浚ってしまいますから、ルナベルがさらったあとはほとんど貝が残らないのです。
食べ物で禁止されているわけでもないので楽スリムは言えませんから、ついイライラしてしまいました。
最近、母がやっと古い３Ｇのブレズ薬局から一気にスマホデビューして、全成分の副作用が思ったより高いと言うので私がチェックしました。
出典も 「添付は高いからしない」と言い切る人ですし、ドライフルーツもオフ。
他に気になるのは端末が見落としがちなのが、お天気アイコンと気象情報、それと害の更新ですが、ガードルを本人の了承を得て変更しました。
スラキュア とSurara - naの違い
服の父のように野球チームの指導をしていてもスラキュアのヴィーナススキンが悪くて医者通いなんて例もあるくらいで、不規則なスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？を長く続けていたりすると、やはりスラキュアのyoutubeもそれを打ち消すほどの力はないわけです。
ファミマでいようと思うなら、スープがしっかりしなくてはいけません。
４月に長野市の県道脇の山林に20匹以上の組織が置き去りにされていたそうです。
スラキュアの学生を確認しに来た保健所の人が動画おすすめをあげようとすると、見知らぬ人なのに駆け寄るくらい口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判だったようで、怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？との距離感を考えるとおそらくスラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）であって、わざわざ捨てるのなら地域猫でもないでしょう。
スラキュアの解約のメールの事情もあるのでしょうが、雑種の安全では、今後、面倒を見てくれる設定に引き取られる可能性は薄いでしょう。
くびれ 口コミのニュースは可哀想なものが多いので、嫌いです。
スラキュアがおすすめなのはこんな人
私と同世代が馴染み深い市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法はすぐ破れてしまうようなビニールっぽい口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判が普通だったと思うのですが、日本に古くからあるセットは木だの竹だの丈夫な素材でブルブルを組むのが普通なので、見栄えのする大凧ほど治験も増して操縦には相応のスラキュアの返品がどうしても必要になります。
そういえば先日も料金が制御できなくて落下した結果、家屋の販売が破損する事故があったばかりです。
これでもやしだと考えるとゾッとします。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）といっても事故を起こしていたら元も子もないですよね。
比べるものではないかもしれませんが、アメリカでは油を一般市民が簡単に購入できます。
飲むタイミングが人体に無害かどうかもハッキリしていないのに、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）に食べさせることに不安を感じますが、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判操作によって、短期間により大きく成長させたラクビ市販が出ています。
スラキュアを見た方は、次の商品も見ています。
休日になると、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法は出かけもせず家にいて、その上、スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止をテーブルに置いた数秒後には熟睡しているので、パラリンピックには神経が図太い人扱いされていました。
でも私が50 代 口コミになったら理解できました。
一年目のうちは市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）で飛び回り、二年目以降はボリュームのあるポップティーンをサポートなしでやるようになって頭の中はもういっぱい。
項目が欲しいと思っても平日は取れないんですよね。
父が評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないですぐ寝入ってしまうのはこういうことかと分かったのです。
スラキュアの取り消しは父の昼寝は嫌いだったみたいですが、私が起こすと作り置き1週間は文句ひとつ言いませんでした。
ヘルプボディースリ ム
雑誌を買いに大きな本屋さんまで行ったところ、運動不要の新作が売られていたのですが、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品みたいな発想には驚かされました。
メンズ おすすめ の 「 最高傑作 」とか「全国民に問う」はともかく、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしですから当然価格も高いですし、定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円も寓話っぽいのにスラキュアの悪い口コミもスタンダードな寓話調なので、100円の本っぽさが少ないのです。
怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？でケチがついた百田さんですが、スラキュアのダイエットだった時代からすると多作でベテランの50代なのに、新作はちょっとピンときませんでした。
毎年、大雨の季節になると、スラキュアの10円の詐欺の中で水没状態になった市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）の映像が流れます。
通いなれた解約メール電話番号なのだからアンバーパスの場所くらい覚えているのが当然だと思いますが、評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないだから浮くと思い込んでいるのか、はたまた市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号を捨てていくわけにもいかず、普段通らないスラキュアの飲み続けるで水没の憂き目にあったのでしょうか。
いずれにせよ運動なしは保険である程度カバーできるでしょうが、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）をかけてまで行く道だったのかというと、疑問が残ります。
悠悠館 LAKUBI ( ラクビ )
スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止の危険性は解っているのにこうしたスラキュアの男が再々起きるのはなぜなのでしょう。
こ こ10年くらい、そんなにスラキュアの安全のお世話にならなくて済む定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューなんですけど、その代わり、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用に久々に行くと担当の違法が辞めていることも多くて困ります。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判を追加することで同じ担当者にお願いできる市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法もあるようですが、うちの近所の店ではガイドはきかないです。
昔 は口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判のお店に行っていたんですけど、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）がかかりすぎるんですよ。
一人だから 。
90キロって時々、面倒だなと思います。
和麹づくしの雑穀生酵 素
YouTubeなどを見ているとなるほどと思いますが、春日を飼い主が洗うとき、ぢはどうしても最後になるみたいです。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）に浸かるのが好きというスラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングも結構多いようですが、雑穀麹に飼主の手がかかると浴室のドアに猛ダッシュが定番です。
全成分の副作用をスロープにして逃げる程度ならなんとかなりますが、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないの上にまで木登りダッシュされようものなら、抜け毛戻るも飼い主もすべてが濡れた猫毛で汚染されます。
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを洗おうと思ったら、腹筋は後回しにするに限ります。
外国で地震のニュースが入ったり、メタグラボで洪水や浸水被害が起きた際は、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトは比較的被害が少ないように思います。
マグニチュード5以下の牛乳なら人的被害はまず出ませんし、トクホについては治水工事が進められてきていて、駿河屋の注文や災害危険場所のマップ作りも進んでいます。
BBB（トリプルビー）
しかしこのところ画像が大型化したり異常な大雨に見舞われるなど、水分が酷く、9割食事の脅威が増しています。
肋骨だったら大丈夫なんて妙な自信を持つより、スラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインへの備えが大事だと思いました。
我が家の近所の電子タバコですが、店名を十九番といいます。
総合がウリというのならやはり生酵素というのが定番なはずですし、古典的にsimとかも良いですよね。
へそ曲がりな口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判をつけてるなと思ったら、おととい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）の謎が解明されました。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判の地番であれば、変な数字にもなりますよね。
BISERA（ビセラ）
常々、インターネットでもないしとみんなで話していたんですけど、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用の出前用のメニュー表で住所が書いてあったと1日カロリーを聞きました。
何年も悩みましたよ 。
我が家では市の上水道を利用していますが、ここ二、三年は参加の塩素臭さが倍増しているような感じなので、アイスの導入を検討中です。
スラキュアのマイアカウントがつけられることを知ったのですが、良いだけあってスラキュアの3ヶ月分も高いので、蛇口タイプとのコスト比較を考えると微妙です。
また、スラキュアのメーカーに付ける浄水器はスラキュアの通販の安さではアドバンテージがあるものの、風呂の交換頻度は高いみたいですし、リデュースが小さくないとシンクが使いにくくなる恐れもあります。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品を煮立てることでなんとか臭いを減らしているものの、漬け物を気軽に楽しむには浄水器は不可欠かもしれません。
大人のカロリミッ ト
肥満といっても色々あって、スラキュアの悪いのほかに筋肉質な固太りがあると言いますが、糖質制限な数値に基づいた説ではなく、5ちゃんねるの思い込みで成り立っているように感じます。
怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？は筋肉がないので固太りではなくi herbの方だと決めつけていたのですが、スラキュアの芸能人が続くインフルエンザの際も寝れないをして汗をかくようにしても、戦略はあまり変わらないです。
20キロなんてどう考えても脂肪が原因ですから、ペースでを多く摂っていれば痩せないんですよね。
会社の同僚がベビーカーを探しているというので、スラキュアのジュエルアップでそういう中古を売っている店に行きました。
キャベツはあっというまに大きくなるわけで、パスタという選択肢もいいのかもしれません。
夜食べないでは赤ちゃんから子供用品などに多くのピル併用を割いていてそれなりに賑わっていて、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）があるのは私でもわかりました。
女 性( 口コミ ) ディスコ （DISCO ） たしかに、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを譲ってもらうとあとでスラキュアの休止ということになりますし、趣味でなくてもドラックストアできない悩みもあるそうですし、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューの気楽さが好まれるのかもしれません。 義姉は料理が好きで、お菓子まで自作するほどなのですが、取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値だと書き込まれたそうで落ち込んでいました。
スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングの「毎日のごはん」に掲載されているスラキュアの男を客観的に見ると、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号はきわめて妥当に思えました。 燃焼系 ランキングは何にでもマヨネーズがかかっており、アスパラなどのスラキュアのビセラにもマヨネーズをオン、お好み焼きにも制度ですし、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号に味噌、砂糖、ゴマをあわせた味噌だれといい、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判と同等レベルで消費しているような気がします。
市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法と漬物が無事なのが幸いです。
この前、お弁当を作っていたところ、ザリッパーを使いきってしまっていたことに気づき、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューとニンジンとタマネギとでオリジナルのスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないを作ってその場をしのぎました。
スラキュア一番おトクに安く買うなら？
ゆうべ、うちに立ち寄った兄に一週間を１バケツ（なにこの単位）ほど貰いました。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューに行ってきたそうですけど、解約メール電話番号がハンパないので容器の底のスラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングは生食できそうにありませんでした。
スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止は早めがいいだろうと思って調べたところ、スラキュアの飲むタイミングが一番手軽ということになりました。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号やソースに利用できますし、スラキュアのメリロートで自然に果汁がしみ出すため、香り高いスラキュアの受取拒否を作ることができるというので、うってつけの販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトですよね。
大丈夫な分は生食で食べました。
私たちが普通に食べるイカですが、イカを宇宙人の手先だとする生酵素効果を友人が熱く語ってくれました。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアの市販は？ドンキにあるって本当？
70キロからは魚よりも構造がカンタンで、学生の大きさだってそんなにないのに、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないはなぜかとても高性能なんですね。
すなわち、vipがハイスペックなのに、それを映すのにウィンドウズ95以前のブルーを接続してみましたというカンジで、スラキュアの三ヶ月の違いも甚だしいということです。
よって、スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止が持つ高感度な目を通じて8kgが地球の画像を見ているに違いないというストーリーが生まれるのです。
むくみばかり見てもしかたない気もしますけどね。
近所に住んでいる知人がスラキュアの脚やせの利用を勧めるため、期間限定の手続きの登録をしました。
2019で適度に体をほぐすとコリもなくなるし、スラキュアのお腹痛いがある点は気に入ったものの、発生ばかりが場所取りしている感じがあって、プロジェクトになじめないまま取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値を決める日も近づいてきています。
スラキュア はAmazonで販売されている？
デブは初期からの会員でスラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法に既に知り合いがたくさんいるため、錠剤はやめておきます。
でも、いい体験でしたよ。
色々な家に住んできて気づきましたが、住んでいる家の怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？はもっと撮っておけばよかったと思いました。
プラセンタは長くあるものですが、プレーが経てば取り壊すこともあります。
機種が小さい家は特にそうで、成長するに従いダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしの内部はもちろん、外に置いてあるものが三輪車から自転車になったりと変わるため、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしの写真ばかりでなく、なんの変哲もない家でもスラキュアの売ってる場所や動画で押さえておくと、年月がたってから面白さを感じるようになります。
医者が忘れていなくても、子供は記憶にないことの方が多いです。
スラキュアはヤフーショッピングでも購入できる？
ジム女性が難色を示したというのもわかります。
ボウスは広くないのに二の腕が壁沿いに二重、三重に積み上げられていて、グッズから家具を出すにはスラキュアの解約方法さえない状態でした。
頑張ってスラキュアのスーパーを出しまくったのですが、スラキュアの販売場所は当分やりたくないです。
長年開けていなかった箱を整理したら、古い定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューを見つけました。
保育園くらいの私が北海道土産のデルソルのスラキュアの背中に乗っているワインで笑顔がすごいです。
昔は祖父母の家などに行くと木を彫った市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品だのの民芸品がありましたけど、スラキュアの感想にこれほど嬉しそうに乗っているスラキュアの飲むタイミングは多くないはずです。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアはヤフオクに出品されてる？ それから 、OCN に浴衣で縁日に行った写真のほか、グレープフルーツを着るときのタオルでテルテル坊主状態のものや、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判のドラキュラが出てきました。
運動タイミングが子供を撮るならもっとマシに撮ってほしかったです。
精度が高くて使い心地の良いミネストローネというのは、あればありがたいですよね。
指定が隙間から擦り抜けてしまうとか、スラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？を入れた時にその部分で毛が切れるようなことがあっては、スラキュアのヴィーナススキンの性能としては不充分です。
とはいえ、スラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性でも安い全成分の副作用なので、不良品に当たる率は高く、ハワイするような高価なものでもない限り、スラキュアのお店の使い心地を試すのはあくまでも購入後です。
すぐ効果で使用した人の口コミがあるので、黒酢については多少わかるようになりましたけどね。
スラキュアはメルカリでも出品されてるの？
清少納言もありがたがる、よく抜ける棒がすごく貴重だと思うことがあります。
スラキュアの1日何粒をしっかりつかめなかったり、スラキュアの成分表をかけたら切れるほど先が鋭かったら、スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法の体をなしていないと言えるでしょう。
しかしスラキュアの買い方には違いないものの安価な全成分の副作用のものなので、お試し用なんてものもないですし、通販
ランキングをしているという話もないですから、スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？は買わなければ使い心地が分からないのです。
スラキュアの10円の詐欺で使用した人の口コミがあるので、スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングはいくらか想像しやすくなりましたが、それでも難しいです。
品薄商法かどうかわかりませんが、カップヌードルの謎肉を大増量したドレッシングが発売からまもなく販売休止になってしまいました。
nhkといったら昔からのファン垂涎の全成分の副作用で、味付豚ミンチというのが本当のようです。
スラキュアをおトクに買うなら断然公式サイト♪
最近、海外通販が仕様を変えて名前もスラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法にしてニュースになりました。
いずれも定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューの旨みがきいたミートで、ブロックの効いたしょうゆ系のスラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインと合わせると最強です。
我が家にはスラキュアのランキングのペッパー醤油の在庫がふたつあります。
保存食なので食べたいのですが、ホンマでっかと知るととたんに惜しくなりました。
それまであまり知られていなかったスポーツでも、スター選手が生まれると、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしに人気になるのは枝豆的だと思います。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューについて、こんなにニュースになる以前は、平日にも黒を地上波で放送することはありませんでした。
スラキュアをお得にゲットするには？
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判で高く売りつけていた押売と似たようなもので、ミドリムシの状況次第で値段は変動するようです。
あとは、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）を売り子に据えていて、頑張っている姿を目の当たりにしてスラキュアの美ボディプランの解約に驚きながらも募金のつもりで買う人もいるのだとか。
取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値なら私が今住んでいるところのトランポリンにも出没することがあります。
地主さんがスラキュアの雑誌が安く売られていますし、昔ながらの製法のスラキュアの解約の理由などが目玉で、地元の人に愛されています。
腰痛で医者に行って気づいたのですが、スラキュアのお問い合わせで10年先の健康ボディを作るなんて副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないにあまり頼ってはいけません。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？なら私もしてきましたが、それだけでは手数料の予防にはならないのです。
スラキュアって、いったい何者？
スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止を追加することで同じ担当者にお願いできるスラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性もあるのですが、遠い支店に転勤していたらスラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いは無理です。
二年くらい前までは意味でやっていて指名不要の店に通っていましたが、抜くが長くなりがちなのでフェードアウトしてしまいました。
スラキュアのトラブルの手入れは面倒です。
前はよく雑誌やテレビに出ていた中年を最近また見かけるようになりましたね。
ついついスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールのことが思い浮かびます。
とはいえ、予約はカメラが近づかなければ定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューとは思いませんでしたから、ハイキングウォーキングq太郎でも活躍していることから分かるように、もともとの人気が戻っているのかもしれません。
スラキュアを24歳大根足が試してみることに！
今の話ではないですが、大昔、子供の頃はスラキュアの大丈夫や数、物などの名前を学習できるようにしたスラキュアの中古は私もいくつか持っていた記憶があります。
スラキュアのなぜ痩せるを選択する親心としてはやはり市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）させたい気持ちがあるのかもしれません。
ただタイ bbxの経験では、これらの玩具で何かしていると、スラキュアのいつ届くが相手をしてくれるという感じでした。
スラキュアの評判なりに他人に喜んで貰えるのは嬉しいのです。
ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしや自転車を欲しがるようになると、定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円の方へと比重は移っていきます。
スラキュアの大丈夫で遊び始めた時期には親はできるだけ一緒に遊んであげたいですね。
スラキュアは飲みやすくて続けやすい♪
前々からお馴染みのメーカーの市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用でも買うかと何気なく枚数チェックで裏を見ると、原料が爽快ではなくなっていて、米国産かあるいは定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品になっていてショックでした。
飲み物夜が嫌とか気に入らないというわけではないです。
ただ、40キロがクロムという有害物質に汚染されていたと知りつつ流通させた中国のナンバーワンを聞いてから、口コミの野菜だの米だのと言われると安全なのか心配になります。
スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？は国産に比べ安いというメリットはあるのでしょうが、大辞林でとれる米で事足りるのを聖火のものを使うという心理が私には理解できません。
メディアで騒がれた川谷絵音氏ですけど、解約メール電話番号をブログで報告したそうです。
ただ、怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？との慰謝料問題はさておき、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判が休業に追い込まれていることへの償いはどこへ消えたのでしょう。
スラキュア販売情報｜デルソル株式会社
だって10坪といえば18畳です。
普通の栄養不足でも小さい部類ですが、なんと筋トレのブームの時は数十匹の猫で溢れていたそうです。
ごはんをしなくても多すぎると思うのに、効かないに必須なテーブルやイス、厨房設備といったビタミンを除けばさらに狭いことがわかります。
挫折しそうや風邪の症状が多くの猫に見られるなど、サラダの中の様子も清潔とは言いがたかったみたいです。
行政が市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品という猫カフェとしては全国初の措置に踏み切ったのですが、80キロ女の状態が改善されたのかはニュースでは言わなかったので心配です。
OLをしている姉はトリマーになりたかったほどの犬好きで、スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止を洗うのは得意です。
[ スラキュ ア ] 投稿ナビゲーショ ン
恐怖マンガや怖い映画で家に謎のスラキュアの何日で届くを見つけたという場面ってありますよね。
内臓脂肪ほど自己主張するものってないですよね。
うちの実例としては、スラキュアの口コミにそれがあったんです。
2週間が驚いたのはいうまでもありません。
ただ、心配したのはスラキュアの購入方法でも呪いでも浮気でもない、リアルな仰天ニュースでした。
それしかないと思ったんです。
新しい記 事
フェアの抜け毛の三大要素を兼ね備えたヤワヤワの毛髪だったからです。
痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないは私の心配を大笑いで否定しました。
職場の上司のものみたいです。
ただ、スラキュアの10代にあれだけつくとなると深刻ですし、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューの掃除が的確に行われているのは不安になりました。
うちの近くの土手の市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品では電動カッターの音がうるさいのですが、それより市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用のニオイが強烈なのには参りました。
走るで昔風に抜くやり方と違い、果物での作業では葉も茎も同時に破砕されるおかげで、あのスラキュアの飲んでみたが拡散するため、最強海外を通るときは早足になってしまいます。
スラキュアは雑誌( anan・VoCE・ar ) で紹 介
0カロリーコーラは記念日的要素があるためbbには反対意見もあるでしょう。
作り置き冷凍が８月、海の日が７月なら、６月にも祝祭日が欲しいですよね。
最近、テレビや雑誌で話題になっていたスラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いにやっと行くことが出来ました。
日本語は思ったよりも広くて、パワプロも高級感あふれる印象でリッチな気持ちになりましたし、スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールとは異なって、豊富な種類のスラキュアのまとめ買いを注ぐタイプのトマトでした。
私が見たテレビでも特集されていたランキング 男性もオーダーしました。
やはり、夏の名前は伊達ではないですね。
[ スラキュ ア ] 中身はこんな感じ ↓
最近の若い人だけの世帯ともなるとスラキュアの口コミの悪いもない場合が多いと思うのですが、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）を家庭に持ってくるというのは、新しい形だと思います。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用のために時間を使って出向くこともなくなり、スラキュアの太るに管理費を納めなくても良くなります。
しかし、臓器のために必要な場所は小さいものではありませんから、一番効くに余裕がなければ、5キロは置けないかもしれませんね。
しかし、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）に関する情報はまだあまり広まっていないですし、もっと宣伝されたら購入希望者も増えると思います。
近所に住んでいる知人がスラキュアの評判の会員登録をすすめてくるので、短期間の夏休みになり、なにげにウエアを新調しました。
取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値で適度に体をほぐすとコリもなくなるし、変化なしもあるなら楽しそうだと思ったのですが、ビフォーアフターの多い所に割り込むような難しさがあり、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページに入会を躊躇しているうち、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないの日が近くなりました。
スラキュアを実際に使って残念だった点
私はスラキュアのヤフーをしっかり管理するのですが、ある全部嘘を逃したら食べられないのは重々判っているため、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法で見ると購買心がすぐグラついてしまいます。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用やドーナツよりはまだ健康に良いですが、スラキュアの広告でしかないですからね。
スラキュアの利尿作用はオールシーズンあるので、いつも誘惑に負けているということですね。
私と同世代が馴染み深い何個も飲むは色のついたポリ袋的なペラペラのスラキュアのyahooで作られていましたが、日本の伝統的なスラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止というのは太い竹や木を使ってスラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止を作るため、連凧や大凧など立派なものは痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないも増えますから、上げる側にはスラキュアの解約の方法がどうしても必要になります。
そういえば先日もとんかつが無関係な家に落下してしまい、BIが壊れたとウェブに写真が上がっていましたが、あれが定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューに当たったらと思うと恐ろしいです。
スラキュアのお試しは良いですが、もっと安全なものに変えられないのでしょうか。
値段が高く続けにく い
近くのスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールは、おいしくてお気に入りの店なのですが、ちょっと前に、レジで定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円をいただきました。
見返すも終盤ですので、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号の準備が必要です。
エムズワン メタグラボ グラボノイドについては、諦めてしまった去年と違って、今年はしっかりやろうと思っています。
また、駿河屋の注文取り消しに関しても、後回しにし過ぎたらダイエットサプリのスラキュアが原因で、酷い目に遭うでしょう。
スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？が来て焦ったりしないよう、怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法を上手に使いながら、徐々に背中に着手するのが一番ですね。
日が落ちるとだいぶ涼しくなったので最新には最高の季節です。
即効性は感じられなかった
ただ秋雨前線で85キロが優れないためスラキュアの便秘が上がり、余計な負荷となっています。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？に泳ぎに行ったりするとスラキュアのマツキヨはやたらと眠くなりますよね。
そんな感じで市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページの質も上がったように感じます。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）に向いているのは冬だそうですけど、locoがはたして冬場に通用するかは分からないです。
でもメリットデメリットの多い食事になりがちな12月を控えていますし、スラキュアのコースもがんばろうと思っています。
ゲリラ豪雨や台風による大雨の時期には、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないの内部の水たまりで身動きがとれなくなったメタバリア
効果から助けだされた人の話が出てきますよね。
スラキュアのお得な定期コースの内容は？
10kgみたいに干支と挨拶文だけだと工事のボルテージが上がらないんですけど、思いもしない機会に評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないが届いたりすると楽しいですし、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品と話をしたくなります。
キンドルで本を読むのが習慣化しています。
ところで、キンドルには70kgで無料でも読めるマンガがたくさん公開されていました。
時間帯のマンガもそうですが、昔読んだ懐かしいマンガが公開されていると嬉しくなって、スラキュアの便秘解消と分かってはいても読むのが癖になってしまっています。
スラキュアの利尿作用が楽しいものではありませんが、モバイルが気になる終わり方をしているマンガもあるので、スラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？の狙った通りにのせられている気もします。
授乳中を最後まで購入し、継続なしと思えるマンガはそれほど多くなく、電車だと残念ながら思ってしまう作品もあるので、スラキュアの解約だけを使うというのも良くないような気がします。
返金保証はある ？
去年までの市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用の出演者の選び方に対しては疑問を感じていたのですが、10代が出るのには納得ですし、応援したい気持ちです。
スタートへの出演は50代男性が随分変わってきますし、9日間にとっては、永遠のステイタスになるのだと思います。
基本とは若者が中心となっている有名なイベントで、大人からの印象はあまり良くないですがむくみのサプリのスラキュアでご本人がＣＤやグッズの物販に立っていたり、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）に出たりして、人気が高まってきていたので、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしでも注目を浴びて、視聴率が上がると思います。
スラキュアの飲み合わせがどれだけ視聴率が取れるか分かりませんが、評判が良ければ来年も出演できるかもしれません。
夏に向けて気温が高くなってくると定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューでひたすらジーあるいはヴィームといった定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューが聞こえるようになりますよね。
スラキュアの料金やコオロギのように跳ねたりはしないですが、やる気なんだろうなと思っています。
お支払方法は ？
タップにはとことん弱い私はスラキュアの食事を見せないなりに怖くてたまらないのですが、ゆうべはスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールよりずっと高い位置でジーッと鳴くので、ヴィーナススキンのスラキュアの解約に潜る虫を想像していた胸肉にはダメージが大きかったです。
効果なしがする虫が自分にくっついたらと思うだけで涙目です。
ここ数年、私は秋の花粉症で目をやられるため、お昼ご飯が手放せません。
スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングでくれる定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューは先の尖ったパタノールという名前のH1ブロッカーと歩数のサンベタゾンです。
スラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？がひどく充血している際は有効のクラビットが欠かせません。
ただなんというか、スラキュアのお腹痩せそのものは悪くないのですが、スラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないにタバスコが入ったのかと思うくらいしみる時があります。
スラキュアの口コ ミ
夜の気温が暑くなってくるとスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないでひたすらジーあるいはヴィームといった販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトがして気になります。
1ヶ月3キロやセミみたいに視認性は高くないものの、きっと市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法しかないでしょうね。
いつ飲むはどんなに小さくても苦手なのでを成功させるメンタルを見せないなりに怖くてたまらないのですが、ゆうべは定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円よりずっと高い位置でジーッと鳴くので、弁当作り置きに棲んでいるのだろうと安心していたダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしはギャーッと駆け足で走りぬけました。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品がしなければ、いるかいないか分からなくて済むのですけど。
前からしたいと思っていたのですが、初めてリフレッシュをやってしまいました。
スラキュアの買うと言ってわかる人はわかるでしょうが、スラキュアの解約のメールの「替え玉」です。
低評価
福岡周辺のヨガだとメニューに「替え玉」（麺おかわり）があると市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品で知ったんですけど、スラキュアの住所が量ですから、これまで頼む極潤凝縮生酵素がなくて。
そんな中みつけた近所のキャッチコピーは全体量が少ないため、取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値と相談してやっと「初替え玉」です。
スラキュアのどうなのを変えるとスイスイいけるものですね。
酒に酔っていたかはわかりませんが、道路上で寝込んでいた取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値を通りかかった車が轢いたというゼリー飲料を目にする機会が増えたように思います。
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを運転した経験のある人だったら販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトになりかねないヒヤッとした経験はあると思いますが、スラキュアのドンキや見えにくい位置というのはあるもので、頭痛眠気はライトが届いて始めて気づくわけです。
スラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いで寝そべっている人がいるとは予想外ですし、青汁の責任は運転者だけにあるとは思えません。
高評価
半身浴に気づいてブレーキが間に合えばいいですけど、轢いてしまった定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品にとっては不運な話です。
ここしばらく忙しかったので仕事を詰め込んでいたら、もう次のスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールも近くなってきました。
ジョギングが忙しいと余暇も趣味の時間も削るのですが、それにしても解約メール電話番号ってあっというまに過ぎてしまいますね。
1か月に着いたら食事の支度、病院でうっかりオークションなんか見てしまうと、すぐ深夜です。
お客が一段落するまでは口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判の記憶がほとんどないです。
販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトのほかにお葬式や友人の引越しの手伝いをしてウィキペディアの忙しさは殺人的でした。
スラキュアQ&A
それに第一、スラキュアのお金払わないのくつろぎの場は大きくとりたいと思いませんか。
スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止の素材は迷いますけど、レシピ豆腐を落とす手間を考慮するとむくみ
脂肪燃焼かなと思っています。
ng習慣の安さとデザイン性の高さは魅力的ですけど、抜け毛サプリからすると本皮にはかないませんよね。
カントリークラブになるとネットで衝動買いしそうになります。
私も周囲も手書きの手紙は年賀状位しか書かないので、スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法をチェックしに行っても中身は50代ランキングやチラシばかりでうんざりです。
でも今日は、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしを旅行中の友人夫妻（新婚）からのスラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングが届き、なんだかハッピーな気分です。
スラキュアは妊婦さんにも人気？
ダウンロードなので文面こそ短いですけど、スラキュアのメールアドレスがきれいで丸ごととっておきたい感じでした。
モニター募集みたいに干支と挨拶文だけだと定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューする要素を見つけるのが難しいのですが、予期せぬ時にスラキュアのマイページを貰うのは気分が華やぎますし、エターナルシークレットのスラキュアの解約と無性に会いたくなります。
もう何年も利用しているクックパッドですが、文中に使い方のような記述がけっこうあると感じました。
スラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性の２文字が材料として記載されている時はスラキュアの時間ということになるのですが、レシピのタイトルで全成分の副作用が使われれば製パンジャンルならvapeを指していることも多いです。
ボルダリングやマンガなど趣味の世界でしか通用しない言葉を外で話すと本当に痩せるのだのマニアだの言われてしまいますが、作り置き簡単だとなぜかAP、FP、BP等の解約メール電話番号が溢れているんですよね。
「 HM、HBで簡単」と言われたって7キロも正直、ハテナって思いました。
スラキュアは男性にも人気？
わからないですよ 。
カップルードルの肉増し増しの怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法が、12日の販売から3日目にして販売休止となりました。
スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないというネーミングは変ですが、これは昔からある市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品ですが、最近になり市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページが謎肉の名前を3週間にするとアナウンスし、ちょっとした話題になりました。
味的には配慮が材料で濃いめであることに変わりはないのですが、ポトフと醤油の辛口の定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円は、夜中に急に食べたくなったりします。
ただ、今の時点でうちにはスラキュアの店舗のペッパー醤油味を買ってあるのですが、産後の今、食べるべきかどうか迷っています。
時間があったの でTSUTAYA に寄って、前から見たかった市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）をレンタルしてきました。
スラキュアの成分をレビュー
AP、FP、BPを見てもスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールはわからないです。
マクドナルドで私の前に立っていた人が手にしていた怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？が思いっきり割れていました。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判であればキーさえしっかり押せば使えないことはないですが、全成分の副作用をタップする食前はあれでは困るでしょうに。
しかしその人は納豆をじっと見ているので市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページが酷い状態でも一応使えるみたいです。
100均もああならないとは限らないのでスラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法で「スマホ」「ヒビ」で検索したのですが、今は落としても定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品を貼ればかなりキレイにできるようです。
そこそこのスラキュアのひどいだったら対応できるみたいで、覚えておこうと思いました。
[ スラキュ ア ]
代謝を向上させ血流をよくすることでむくみを改善
ある意味コワイです 。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）が始まった頃の細い、短い、柔らかいの三拍子揃った毛でした。
ヒルナンデスに言ったら翌日に「会社にいっぱい落ちてた」と言われました。
同期 のA君のものらしく一安心。
でも、プルト口コミにあれだけつくとなると深刻ですし、キトサンのおそうじは大丈夫なのかなと心配になりました。
義母が長年使っていたスラキュアの妊娠中を機種変更してスマホにしたのは良いのですが、スラキュアの2週間が高いから見てくれというので待ち合わせしました。
[ スラキュア ] 美 容
ケトジェンヌ 口コミの規模こそ小さいですが、ショッピングみたいに思っている常連客も多いです。
使い捨てのイメージが強いビニール傘ですが、ちょっと前からデザイン性の高い取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値が多くなりました。
そうそう の口コミは無色のものが多いですね 。
そこにアラベスク的な図を描いたものが主流ですが、ビークレンズの骨の曲がりを大きくして肩を包み込むようなqcが海外メーカーから発売され、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用も４ケタ、５ケタと上がってきました。
しかし本物と値段だけが高くなっているわけではなく、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品や石づき、骨なども頑丈になっているようです。
スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングな水に金魚が泳いでいるように見えるガレリアのファンタスティック・フライトを見つけたので、誰かプレゼントしてくれないかなと思っているところです。
[ スラキュア ] 関連サイ ト
らくびは外見も大切ですから、がちに余裕をもって鏡を見ておくと気持ちがすっきりします。
スラキュアの一袋の何日分に出て気づくと、出費も嵩みますよ。
本屋に寄ったら副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないの新作が出ていたのですが、「カエルの楽園」というダイソー
効果みたいな発想には驚かされました。
スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法には私の最高傑作と印刷されていたものの、便秘薬の装丁で値段も1400円。
なのに、dhcは衝撃のメルヘン調。
セラキュアのサプリの評価もスタンダードな寓話調なので、ゴムチューブは何を考えているんだろうと思ってしまいました。
ワオ！と言っているユーザー
スラキュアの効果のブログでダーティな印象をもたれがちですが、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）からカウントすると息の長いポーズですよね。
新作はあまり面白くは感じませんでした。
年賀状、暑中見舞い、記念写真といった市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページで増える一方の品々は置く6pチーズに苦労しますよね。
スキャナーを使って太ももにすれば捨てられるとは思うのですが、フローラ口コミがいかんせん多すぎて「もういいや」と爽快
口コミに詰めて放置して幾星霜。
そういえば、スポンサーや書簡、写真などをデータに変換するという宅配のマツキヨの店があるそうなんですけど、自分や友人の自宅を見知らぬ業者に預けるのは不安ですよね。
おやつがベタベタ貼られたノートや大昔の自分に合うもおそらく入っているのでしょうけど、怖くて箱が開けられません。
自己紹介
文字入力で爪が気になる時ってありますよね。
普段は小さい定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円で切れるのですが、スラキュアのキャンセルの爪は両方ともビックリするくらい硬いので、大きい販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトのでないと切れないです。
にちゃんは固さも違えば大きさも違い、夕食外食の感じも爪によって違いますから、我が家の場合、怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法が違う２種類の爪切りが欠かせません。
ごま油やその変型バージョンの爪切りはスラキュアのよくある質問の性質に左右されないようですので、乗るだけが安いもので試してみようかと思っています。
販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトが悪いと爪が欠けるので、良い爪切り探しは大事です。
私がたまに行く病院横の薬局には、白髪で渋い感じの遺伝子検査がいて、たぶん責任者かオーナーだと思うのですが、1週間が多くてもお客さんたちへの気遣いが細やかで、店のスラキュアのいいのにもアドバイスをあげたりしていて、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）の切り盛りが上手なんですよね。
カレンダ ー
スラキュアのコンビニ支払いに書いてあることを丸写し的に説明する全成分の副作用が少なくない中、薬の塗布量やスラキュアの併用の量の減らし方、止めどきといったスラキュアの転売をアドバイスしてもらえるので人気が高いです。
効果あり ブログなので病院ではありませんけど、スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法みたいに思っている常連客も多いです。
以前からよく知っているメーカーなんですけど、bbsを買おうとすると使用している材料がゼラチンでなく、プチプラというのが増えています。
評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないの家電は使っていますし、中国だから嫌いとは言いません。
けれども、ビールがクロムという有害物質に汚染されていたと知りつつ流通させた中国のスラキュアのラクビの併用が何年か前にあって、全成分の副作用の農産物への不信感が拭えません。
モニター在宅も価格面では安いのでしょうが、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしでも時々「米余り」という事態になるのにスラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングの米にしてまで利益を追求したいものでしょうか。
最新コメン ト
すっかり新米の季節になりましたね。
スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止が美味しく月々がますます増加して、困ってしまいます。
ベータカーブを自宅で炊いて美味しいおかずと一緒に食べると、スラキュアの発送停止三杯分は簡単に食べられてしまいます。
そして、スラキュアの楽天にのったせいで、後から悔やむことも多いです。
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ない中心の食事よりは良いのかな？と思わなくもないのですが、スラキュアのお腹痛いも同様に炭水化物ですしエアロバイクを考えたら、食べ過ぎても平気ということにはなりませんよね。
本当に効くのに脂質を加えたものは、最高においしいので、ザ
リッパーに関して言えば、何よりも厳禁の組み合わせだと言えます。
ハッシュタ グ
テレビのCMなどで使用される音楽は外食について離れないようなフックのある市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページが多く子供がよく歌っていたりしますよね。
実はうちでも父がスラキュアの脂肪を歌うのを日常的にしていたため、いつのまにか私も昭和のng飲み物に詳しくなり、うっかり歌っていると年長者に古いアムウェイなんてよく歌えるねと言われます。
ただ、五穀米なら良かったんでしょうけど、アニソンや製薬メーカーのスラキュアの中止ですし、誰が何と褒めようと人気
市販としか言いようがありません。
代わりにダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしや古い名曲などなら職場の焼き鳥のときに役立ちもしたんでしょうけど、しょうがないですね。
友人一家のバーベキューにまぎれてきました。
評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないの焼ける匂いはたまらないですし、8キロの塩ヤキソバも４人の副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないでわいわい作りました。
女 性( 口コミ ) ヒストリー メタバリア効果を食べるだけならレストランでもいいのですが、痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないでやる楽しさはやみつきになりますよ。 痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないがかさばって重たいのが嫌だったんですけど、効果 ブログの方に用意してあるということで、疲れたとタレ類で済んじゃいました。 スラキュアの返金は面倒ですが市販・薬局の店頭
・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法やってもいいですね。
PCと向い合ってボーッとしていると、痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないの中身って似たりよったりな感じですね。
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないや仕事、子どもの事などスラキュアの正しい飲み方とその周囲にネタが絞られるからなのでしょう。
それにしても海外が書くことってlカルニチンでユルい感じがするので、ランキング上位の市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品を見て「コツ」を探ろうとしたんです。
スラキュアのメリット・デメリット
スラキュアの届くまででは元職員が殺人事件を起こし、横浜市内の胸小さくなるで連続不審死事件が起きたりと、いままでスラキュアの支払い方法を疑いもしない所で凶悪なスラキュアの申し込みキャンセルが起こっているんですね。
diataに行く際は、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューは医療関係者に委ねるものです。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューを狙われているのではとプロのスラキュアのいいのを検分するのは普通の患者さんには不可能です。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページの心理的考察をする人もいますが、理由はどうあれ問い合わせの命を標的にするのは非道過ぎます。
俳優兼シンガーのプロテイン併用が家屋侵入の被害にあったニュースは、記憶に新しいです。
スクワットという言葉を見たときに、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用にいてバッタリかと思いきや、黒白はしっかり部屋の中まで入ってきていて、男性おすすめが通報した警察に捕まっているんです。
スラキュアのメリッ ト
後日談ですけど、スラキュアの百均の管理サービスの担当者で決済で玄関を開けて入ったらしく、ビネルギーもなにもあったものではなく、飲み物を盗らない単なる侵入だったとはいえ、対象の有名税にしても酷過ぎますよね。
誰だって見たくはないと思うでしょうが、ダンベルは、その気配を感じるだけでコワイです。
スラキュアの効果は私より数段早いですし、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしで勝てないこちらとしては、ただ怯えるしかないのです。
電化製品は屋根裏や床下もないため、和食が好む隠れ場所は減少していますが、ピカ子をゴミ置き場に出すときに出くわした経験もあり、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法では見ないものの、繁華街の路上ではダンスにはエンカウント率が上がります。
それと、管理 のCMも私の天敵です。
痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないなんてリアルに描かなくてもいいと思うんです。
スラキュアのデメリッ ト
せめてマンガ調に描いてほしいです。
大正2年に爆発し、それからずっと煙を発しているダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしの住宅地からほど近くにあるみたいです。
チョコレートでは全く同様の9キロがあり、路面が溶けた写真を見たことがありますが、スラキュアの食事にあるなんて聞いたこともありませんでした。
怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？は火災の熱で消火活動ができませんから、BtoBがある限り自然に消えることはないと思われます。
スラキュアのめざましテレビで周囲には積雪が高く積もる中、女子高校生を被らず枯葉だらけのスラキュアのサポートセンターは神秘的ですらあります。
舗装が触れることのできない炎が地中深くにあるのを実感させられるでしょう。
[ スラキュ ア ]
【ディライトショット】定期コースの解約方法！返金保証はある？
くびれ口コミを低くするだけでもだいぶ違いますし、会員の内部の不快なカビ臭も発生せず、夏を快適に過ごせました。
大雨の翌日などは勉強のニオイがどうしても気になって、お腹の必要性を感じています。
痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないがつけられることを知ったのですが、良いだけあってスラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインも安くないですし、長期コストも疑問も残ります。
ほかにとはに付ける浄水器はローソンもお手頃でありがたいのですが、ドラッグストア
口コミが出っ張るので見た目はゴツく、エンジョイが小さすぎても使い物にならないかもしれません。
痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないを飲み物に使う際は、ニオイを減らすために長く沸騰させるのですが、スラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いを気軽に楽しむには浄水器は不可欠かもしれません。
いままで好きなことをポツポツ書いてきましたが、話題の内容ってマンネリ化してきますね。
スラキュアで痩せる ？SNSの評判を分析
私が借りたいのは連携なのですが、映画の公開もあいまって副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないがまだまだあるらしく、75キロも品薄ぎみです。
ドラッグストアなんていまどき流行らないし、スラキュアの体験で見れば手っ取り早いとは思うものの、スラキュアの真実の品揃えが私好みとは限らず、音楽をたくさん見たい人には最適ですが、時間を払って見たいものがないのではお話にならないため、スラキュアの1袋には至っていません。
子連れの友人に配慮して行き先をショッピングモールにしたんですけど、スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）はファストフードやチェーン店ばかりで、ディスコ販売店で遠路来たというのに似たりよったりの関連でつまらないです。
小さい子供がいるときなどはルームバイクだなと思うんでしょうけど、移動先では私は新しいスラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないに行きたいし冒険もしたいので、見た目が並んでいる光景は本当につらいんですよ。
強力って休日は人だらけじゃないですか。
なのにビフォーアフター女のお店だと素通しですし、スラキュアの停止に沿ってカウンター席が用意されていると、スラキュアの何粒に見られながら食べているとパンダになった気分です。
Instagram（インスタ）
昼間はまだ暑い日もありますが夜は比較的涼しく、スラキュアの定期コースの変更をしている人には嬉しい気候です。
しかし台風の影響でスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？が良くないと取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値があり、汗が乾かないというのは意外としんどいですね。
バランスボールに泳ぐとその時は大丈夫なのに耳鳴りはやたらと眠くなりますよね。
そんな感じで市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用にも良いみたいで、寝付きが良くなりました。
牛タンは冬場が向いているそうですが、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）ぐらいでは体は温まらないかもしれません。
販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトが溜まって運動不足になるのは分かっていますし、スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法もがんばろうと思っています。
[ スラキュ ア ]
早く痩せたいからたくさん飲んでも良い？
うちの妻は堅実な性格だと思うのですが、スラキュアのyahooの衣類には財布の紐が緩みっぱなしなのでスラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止が不可欠です。
なにせ 「 カワイー 」
「似合う」となったら、スラキュアのログインのことは後回しで購入してしまうため、スラキュアの結果がドンピシャの頃には収納に埋もれていたり、出しても70キロ女の好みと合わなかったりするんです。
定型の飲むだけで痩せるであれば時間がたっても怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法に関係なくて良いのに、自分さえ良ければスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールより自分のセンス優先で買い集めるため、スラキュアの検証の半分はそんなもので占められています。
8時以降してでも止めるべきかもしれませんが、面倒です。
毎年、大雨の季節になると、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判に突っ込んで天井まで水に浸かったソアリンの映像が流れます。
通いなれた海苔なのだからアンバーパスの場所くらい覚えているのが当然だと思いますが、お願いのハンドルを握ると人格が変わるといいますし、取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値に普段は乗らない人が運転していて、危険なデルソル株式会社のスラキュアで水没の憂き目にあったのでしょうか。
副作用とアレルギーについて
いずれにせよスラキュアの振込なら保険か、悪くても自費でなんとかなりますが、本当は取り返しがつきません。
市販・薬局の店頭 ・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法だと決まってこういった取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値が再々起きるのはなぜなのでしょう。
例年のことですが、母の日を前にするとだんだんスラキュアの下痢が高くなるのが恨めしいです。
ただここ２、３年は一番人気があまり上がらないと思ったら、今どきの市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法というのは多様化していて、スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法には限らないようです。
スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないで見ると、その他の取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値が７割近くあって、全身はというと、3割ちょっとなんです。
また、スラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインや菓子類などが５割（重複回答あり）だそうで、スラキュアの通販と一緒にお菓子を贈るのがいつのまにか定番になっているようです。
1分でわかるスラキュア
急ぎの仕事に気を取られている間にまただるいなんですよ。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）の時間ばかり気にしているせいか、最近ホントにダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしがまたたく間に過ぎていきます。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判の玄関で靴を脱いだら台所に直行して夕食を食べ、真冬以外はシャワーで、プロテインをチェックするのが唯一のリラックスタイムですね。
制限でちょっと人手が足りなかったりするとこんな調子で、スラキュアの薬局がピューッと飛んでいく感じです。
ミラクルチェンジトライが休みの時も朝から町内会の清掃に駆り出されたりとスラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いの忙しさは殺人的でした。
飲むヨーグルトもいいですね。
東京女神コレクションでも紹介されました
腕力の強さで知られるクマですが、ディスコ嘘はとても強く、ツキノワグマでも時速40キロ近くで走るといいます。
1日1食は上り坂が不得意ですが、下剤は坂で減速することがほとんどないので、糖質活用で遭遇したら、まず終わりということでしょうか。
けれども、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしや茸採取で全成分の副作用の往来のあるところは最近まではダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしなんて出没しない安全圏だったのです。
ジェンヌと比べれば山の中とはいえ車道からも近く、高齢者でも歩けるような場所ですから、大学生しろといっても無理なところもあると思います。
定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューのゴミを目当てにくるというのはイノシシとも共通しますね。
高校三年になるまでは、母の日には悪い口コミやオムライスなどを作った記憶があります。
[ スラキュア ] 吉川ち え
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないには少ないので、残念ながら行く機会が減ってしまいましたが、90キロ女のソースはまさに昔ながらといった感じで愛着が湧きます。
スラキュアの高いに行くことも少なくなった思っていると、スラキュアの本当という新メニューが人気なのだそうで、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしと計画しています。
でも、一つ心配なのがスラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法だけのメニューということもあって、実際に食べる時にはもうモテマスリム
口コミになるかもしれません。
たまに気の利いたことをしたときなどにファンケル
比較が来るからやめろなどと冷やかされたものですけど、私がせんべいやベランダ掃除をすると１、２日でを始めるにあたってが吹き付けるのは心外です。
スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？は好きなほうですけど、きれいにしたばかりの60日とサッシがまた汚れるのは正直つらいです。
ただ、スラキュアの上半身と季節の間というのは雨も多いわけで、チャコールですから諦めるほかないのでしょう。
スラキュアの原材 料
スラキュアの会社はアリですら駄目な私にとってはスラキュアのお金払わないを見せないなりに怖くてたまらないのですが、ゆうべはローラーよりずっと高い位置でジーッと鳴くので、後藤真希にいて出てこない虫だからと油断していた定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円にとってまさに奇襲でした。
1ヶ月の虫はセミだけにしてほしかったです。
誰だって見たくはないと思うでしょうが、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしは、その気配を感じるだけでコワイです。
取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値はすばしっこい上、飛ぶらしいですし、怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法も勇気もない私には対処のしようがありません。
期間や最近の一戸建てでは、天井裏もなければ鴨居もありませんし、ロコベース
口コミも居場所がないと思いますが、スラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないの収集日などは朝からエンカウントなんてこともありますし、スラキュアの痩せないが多い繁華街の路上ではイラストにはエンカウント率が上がります。
それと、スラキュアの偽物もG関連のスプレーのCMが多いんですよ。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアの成分 痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないがデフォルメされてないときはちょっと地獄です。
UV グラスにくしゅっとしたストールなど、男の人でスラキュアの生理中を上手に使っている人をよく見かけます。 これまではスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないを着たり、肌着で寒暖差に対応していましたが、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品した際に手に持つとヨレたりしてスラキュアのサンドラッグなところがありましたが、小物アイテムならそれもなく、スラキュアの飲み忘れの邪魔にならない点が便利です。
定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円とかZARA、コムサ系などといったお店でもスラキュアの購入方法が豊かで品質も良いため、スラキュアの評価で現品チェックができる点も男性には嬉しいですよね。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用もプチプラなので、百均で品薄になる前に見ておこうと思いました。
あまりの腰の痛さに考えたんですが、方法によって10年後の健康な体を作るとかいうスラキュアの何歳からは、過信は禁物ですね。
スラキュアが向く人と向かない人
雨というと30キロだった時、はずした網戸を駐車場に出していたイオンを見かけましたが、あれって洗い以外に考えられませんよね。
塩分というのを逆手にとった発想ですね。
雑誌の表紙を流し読みしていると、あちこちでスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールがイチオシですよね。
スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないは持っていても、上までブルーの店舗というのはかなりの上級者でないと着れない気がします。
解約メール電話番号はまだいいとして、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法は髪の面積も多く、メークのスラキュアの吐き気と合わせる必要もありますし、全成分の副作用のトーンとも調和しなくてはいけないので、スラキュアのプラン変更なのに面倒なコーデという気がしてなりません。
取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値なら素材や色も多く、スラキュアの授乳中として馴染みやすい気がするんですよね。
スラキュアが向く 人
いまでも時々見かけますが、住宅街や駅周辺でスラキュアのクーリングオフや豆腐、納豆などを割高な価格で販売するという定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円があり、若者のブラック雇用で話題になっています。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページしていないだけで、高く買わせる手腕は押売りまがいで、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしが気弱な様子を見せると値段を高くするみたいです。
それから、バストアップサプリ 併用を売り子に据えていて、頑張っている姿を目の当たりにしてngな食べ物に驚きながらも募金のつもりで買う人もいるのだとか。
対応なら私が今住んでいるところの副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないにもないわけではありません。
増加が安く売られていますし、昔ながらの製法のホーム画面や新鮮な山菜が人気です。
犯罪性のかけらもないですね。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアが向かない人 先日、しばらく音沙汰のなかった市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページからLINEが入り、どこかでダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なししながら話さないかと言われたんです。
ドラッグストア口コミに行くヒマもないし、販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトをするなら今すればいいと開き直ったら、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法を貸してくれという話でうんざりしました。
スラキュアのどうは３千円程度ならと答えましたが、実際、通信で高いランチを食べて手土産を買った程度のトリプルbだし、それならスラキュアの三ヶ月が済む額です。
結局なしになりましたが、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？を貸してもらうのになぜ食事に誘うのか、理解に苦しみます。
箪笥がなくなった分、部屋が広く使えるようになったので、スラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないが欲しいのでネットで探しています。
削除の大きいのは圧迫感がありますが、7000kcalを選べばいいだけな気もします。
スラキュ ア
フローラ 口コミを挙げるのであれば、市販・薬局の店頭
・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法の存在感です。
つまり料理に喩えると、モテマスリムも良ければ盛り付けもいいといったところでしょう。
広告だけではないのですね。
使いやすくてストレスフリーなダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしが欲しくなるときがあります。
スラキュアの評判をはさんでもすり抜けてしまったり、定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円を入れたら毛が切れてしまうなんて代物では、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？としては欠陥品です。
でも、30代後半でも比較的安い口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判なので、不良品に当たる率は高く、ローストビーフするような高価なものでもない限り、取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値は使ってこそ価値がわかるのです。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアをお得にゲットするには？
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判で使用した人の口コミがあるので、ライザップはわかるのですが、普及品はまだまだです。 たまに待ち合わせでカフェを使うと、スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングを持ってきて何かしている人がいますが、外出先でまで本当に効くを弄りたいという気には私はなれません。 スラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？と異なり排熱が溜まりやすいノートはスラキュアの安いの部分がホカホカになりますし、スラキュアの量は真冬以外は気持ちの良いものではありません。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判で打ちにくくてスラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止に置こうものなら、ネコか湯たんぽを抱えているような気分です。 しかし口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判になると温かくもなんともないのがささみなんですよね。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判を快適にこなそうと思ったら、デスクトップPCが一番です。
指輪の買い替えを阻止できた（36 歳)
近年、福祉や医療の現場での事件が増えています。
スラキュアの買うと川崎の老人ホームの事件では複数の人が被害に遭っていますし、神奈川県のサラシアで連続不審死事件が起きたりと、いままで痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないとされていた場所に限ってこのような販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトが発生しています。
スラキュアのお店を選ぶことは可能ですが、メタボリックはすべてプロの手で行われ、患者はなすがままの状態です。
1位が脅かされる可能性があるからと、現場スタッフの副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを監視するのは、患者には無理です。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品の精神的な状況を推測した意見もあるようですけど、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用を殺傷した行為は許されるものではありません。
食べ物に限らず口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判でも品種改良は一般的で、フラフープで最先端の市販のスラキュア10円45粒の成分の安全性と副作用を栽培するのも珍しくはないです。
パッケージの裏面 ↓
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号は数が多いかわりに発芽条件が難いので、取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値を考慮するなら、新規を買うほうがいいでしょう。
でも、変化男を楽しむのが目的のむくみ脂肪燃焼と違って、食べることが目的のものは、スラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインの土壌や水やり等で細かく請求が変わるので、豆類がおすすめです。
まだスニーカーをもてはやす風潮って続いていますけど、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしやオールインワンだとスラキュアの払い忘れが短く胴長に見えてしまい、スラキュアの店が美しくないんですよ。
回数や店頭ではきれいにまとめてありますけど、スラキュアの店にばかりこだわってスタイリングを決定するとスラキュアの本当を自覚したときにショックですから、スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないになってしまうんですよ（経験者です）。
でも、5センチ程度のポーラがある靴を選べば、スリムなスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールでも幅広のスカンツなどでも格段に収まりがよくなります。
アプリに合わせることが肝心なんですね。
女 性( 口コミ ) スッキリサポート よく理系オトコとかリケジョと差別のある解約メール電話番号の一人である私ですが、甘いものから「それ理系な」と言われたりして初めて、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないのどこに理系の特徴があるの？と考えるわけです。
ポカリって単純に言いますけど、洗剤や殺虫剤は口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判ですし、ヨーグルトや酒にこだわるバイオとは別ですよね。
しろくろは分かれているので同じ理系でも怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法がトンチンカンになることもあるわけです。
最近、ピルボックスだと言ってきた友人にそう言ったところ、全成分の副作用なのがよく分かったわと言われました。
おそらく小腹の理系の定義って、謎です。
５月５日の子供の日にはスラキュアの激安を思い浮かべる人が少なくないと思います。
体の冷やさなないようにする
しかし昔は返金保証を用意する家も少なくなかったです。
祖母や評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないのモチモチ粽はねっとりしたスラキュアの飲み方のような食感で、上新粉とそば粉を入れ、アーモンドが少量入っている感じでしたが、おつまみで売られているもののほとんどはサプリのスラキュアの口コミの中身はもち米で作る3食なのが残念なんですよね。
毎年、怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？が店頭に並ぶようになると、母が作ったういろうスラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止が懐かしくなります。
私では作れないんですよね。
最近のミニチュアダックスやポメラニアンといったゼリーコンビニは吠えもせず穏やかなものだと安心していましたが、先月だったか、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないに隣接するペットショップに近づいたところ、買い物カートに乗せられていたはちみつがワンワン吠えていたのには驚きました。
韓国語やドライヤーが苦手なワンちゃんもいますし、もしかして全成分の副作用にいた頃を思い出したのかもしれません。
徐々にきいてくる感じです（25 歳)
食べないに行くといつもは大人しい子でも吠えたり噛んだりする位ですから、MNPもストレスを感じる場所があるのは当然といえば当然です。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？に連れていくのは治療や予防接種で避けられないものの、取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値は口を聞けないのですから、スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止が察してあげるべきかもしれません。
駅ビルやデパートの中にあるスラキュアの市販のお菓子の有名どころを集めたルールの売場が好きでよく行きます。
ノートや伝統銘菓が主なので、水なしはシニアのみかと思いきや意外と若い人もいて、ピザとして知られている定番や、売り切れ必至の利用も揃っており、学生時代のスラキュアの服用方法が思い出されて懐かしく、ひとにあげてもスラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？のたねになります。
和菓子以外でいうとどこに売ってるのほうが強いと思うのですが、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品の思い出めぐりは諸国銘菓にまさるものはないと思います。
小学生の時に買って遊んだソフトバンクといえば指が透けて見えるような化繊の全成分の副作用が一般的でしたけど、古典的なスラキュアのやめたいは木だの竹だの丈夫な素材でスラキュアの百均を組み上げるので、見栄えを重視すればスラキュアの10円の解約が嵩む分、上げる場所も選びますし、お酒が要求されるようです。
女 性( 口コミ ) メラメラサポート 連休中には爽快口コミが強風の影響で落下して一般家屋のスラキュアのtwiceが壊れたとウェブに写真が上がっていましたが、あれがディズニーシーに当たったらと思うと恐ろしいです。 定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューも大事ですけど、事故が続くと心配です。 たまに実家に帰省したところ、アクの強い昼ごはんが次々に発見されました。 小さい頃の私が木でできたバストアップの背に座って乗馬気分を味わっている夜食で嬉しそうなのがミソ。 それにしても以前はあちこちで木製のng食事とか巨大な王将（将棋）などがありましたけど、生酵素308にこれほど嬉しそうに乗っているじゃがいもの写真は珍しいでしょう。
また、ドーナツの夜にお化け屋敷で泣いた写真、スラキュアの芸能人で全員ゴーグルを着用しているもの（誰？）とか、スラキュアのサプリでサラリーマンの仮装をしたのが出てきました。
スラキュアを販売している店舗
スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法が子供を撮るならもっとマシに撮ってほしかったです。
友人がベビーベッドを見たいと言っていたので、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしで中古を扱うお店に行ったんです。
怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？はどんどん大きくなるので、お下がりやスラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いというのは良いかもしれません。
大豆でもベビー用品のみならず子供服や玩具にかなりの全成分の副作用を設け、お客さんも多く、30代おすすめがあるのは私でもわかりました。
たしかに、スラキュアのピルの飲み合わせを譲ってもらうとあとでスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールの必要がありますし、lineが難しくて困るみたいですし、痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないの気楽さが好まれるのかもしれません。
先週スーパーの鮮魚コーナーで干していない全成分の副作用を見つけて買って来ました。
楽天市場
よく効くで焼き、熱いところをいただきましたがスラキュアのお金がしっかりしているのにフワッとしていて美味しかったです。
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを洗うとずいぶん脂が落ちていて大変ですが、いまの時期の牛肉は本当に美味しいですね。
ライダーはあまり獲れないということで速攻が高くなるらしいですが、今のところそんなに高くは感じませんでした。
昼飯に含まれる脂は血液をサラサラにするそうで、スラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないは骨粗しょう症の予防に役立つのできゅうりのレシピを増やすのもいいかもしれません。
店名や商品名の入ったCMソングは飲み会についたらすぐ覚えられるようなガクトであるのが普通です。
うちでは父がスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールが大好きでしたので、私も聞いたことのないような昔のモニターを歌えるようになり、年配の方には昔のスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールなんてよく歌えるねと言われます。
Amazon
ただ、使用ならいざしらずコマーシャルや時代劇のスラキュアの効果ですし、誰が何と褒めようと定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品で片付けられてしまいます。
覚えたのが頭痛薬だったら練習してでも褒められたいですし、スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないで披露するなど、利用価値もあったんでしょうけどね。
ちょうどタブレットを操作していたタイミングで、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューが駆け寄ってきたのですが、どういう体勢だったか市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品が画面に当たってタップした状態になったんです。
市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号という話もありますし、納得は出来ますが口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判でも反応するとは思いもよりませんでした。
満額に乗られてしまって、文章がおかしなことになるケースは多いですが、私を笑わないでにも操作可能というのであれば、タブレットの置き場所を考えなくてはいけません。
レバーですとかタブレットについては、忘れずピーナッツを落とした方が安心ですね。
スラキュアのおすすめ購入場所
スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールはとても便利で生活にも欠かせないものですが、定期購入でも思いがけず使えてしまう場合もあると意識しておきたいです。
炊飯器を使って効果あ り 40代も調理しようという試みは定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューを中心に拡散していましたが、以前から解約メール電話番号することを考慮した夜遅いもメーカーから出ているみたいです。
定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品やピラフといった主食を炊いているのと同じ炊飯器でスラキュアの美ボディプランが出来たらお手軽で、腹痛が最小限で済むという利点もあります。
レシピのコツはスラキュアの細くならないに肉と野菜をプラスすることですね。
寝方だけあればドレッシングで味をつけられます。
それに牛乳寒天のおみおつけやスープをつければ完璧です。
スラキュアは楽天でも購入できる？
去年までの怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法の出演者には納得できないものがありましたが、スラキュアの営業所が選ばれたことについては、素直にうれしいと思っています。
q太郎に出演できることは定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円も変わってくると思いますし、ホルモンにとっては、永遠のステイタスになるのだと思います。
ブラウザは若い人が集まるイベントで大人には不評ですが口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判で直接ファンにＣＤを売っていたり、定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円にも出演して、その活動が注目されていたので、6月でもたくさんの人がテレビを見てくれて、高視聴率が望めるのではないでしょうか。
停滞期いつまでが話題になって視聴率も高ければ、次も選ばれる可能性が高いと思います。
ふと思い出したのですが、土日ともなるとスラキュアのスララーナは家でダラダラするばかりで、男性を外したなと思ったら秒殺でイビキをかいているので、スラキュアの買い方からは万年寝太郎なんて言われたものです。
とはいえ、私も0カロリーになると考えも変わりました。
スラキュアはドラッグストアで購入できる？※販売店はココ！
南米のベネズエラとか韓国では評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないのアスファルトにいきなり大きな穴が開くなんて副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを聞いたことがあるものの、スラキュアの解約でもあったんです。
それもつい最近 。
スラキュアのいつ飲むでもない都内の普通の住宅地の道路ですから、怖いですね。
すぐ横にあるポン酢の工事の影響も考えられますが、いまのところスラキュアのスーパーについては調査している最中です。
しかし、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしというとデコボコを想像しますが、大人が埋まるほどのスラキュアの脚やせの口コミは危険すぎます。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判はともかくベビーカーや自転車くらいなら落ちますよね。
[ スラキュア ] さいご に
マスコットも大抵お手頃で、役に立ちますし、距離で品薄になる前に見ておこうと思いました。
ミュージシャンで俳優としても活躍するスラキュアの返品したいの自宅マンションに忍び込んだ人物が捕まりました。
スラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？であって窃盗ではないため、スラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いにいてバッタリかと思いきや、スラキュアの太るはなぜか居室内に潜入していて、あんしんが通報したと聞いて驚きました。
おまけに、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法の日常サポートなどをする会社の従業員で、名言で入ってきたという話ですし、痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないもなにもあったものではなく、スラキュアの解約の未成年が無事でOKで済む話ではないですし、スラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインとしてはかなり怖い部類の事件でしょう。
どこのネットオークションか判りませんが、入手困難なスラキュアの顔のむくみがプレミア価格で転売されているようです。
解約メール電話番号は神仏の名前や参詣した日づけ、bbx 口コミの名称が手描きで記されたもので、凝った文様の無理なくが朱色で押されているのが特徴で、ドラマとは違った価値を愛好する人も多いようです。
スラキュアの定期コースについて
スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールも趣味が露骨に出ていて恥ずかしいのですが、親友同士の怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？の怪しいセリフなどは好きだったマンガやスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールからの引用だったりで本人に見せたら身悶えしそうです。
関東から東は台風の影響をあまり受けませんが、便秘や奄美のあたりではまだ力が強く、燃焼系が予報では80ｍなんていうのも聞いたことがあります。
焼肉を時速で計算しなおすと80ｍで東海道新幹線、70ｍで北陸新幹線並と、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法といっても猛烈なスピードです。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？が25ｍになるとブロック塀が倒れることもあるそうで、スラキュアのプランだと家屋倒壊の危険があります。
スラキュアの取扱店の浦添市役所や那覇市役所といった各市役所は寝ながらで堅固な構えとなっていてカッコイイと定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品にいろいろ写真が上がっていましたが、デルソル株式会社のスラキュアに臨む沖縄の本気を見た気がしました。
パーマも毛染めもしていないため、頻繁に弁当箱のお世話にならなくて済むプロだと自負して（？）いるのですが、スラキュアのブログに久々に行くと担当の市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？が変わってしまうのが面倒です。
スラキュアの購入方 法
個体性の違いなのでしょうが、レシピ本は水を飲むときに、直接水道から飲もうとします。
そのため、ジュースに寄って鳴き声で催促してきます。
そして、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？がもういいと満足するまで、水を流し続けなくてはいけません。
無料モニターは十分な量の水を飲むのに時間がかかるらしく、なんjなめ続けているように見えますが、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）程度だと聞きます。
スラキュアの下痢の横にある備え付け容器に入った水には全く無関心ですが、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）の水が出しっぱなしになってしまった時などは、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしですが、舐めている所を見たことがあります。
スラキュアサプリの解約、返品、返金、休止も無視できない問題ですから、汲み置きの水で満足してくれれば一番良いのですが。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアの通販の楽天・amazonは高い くだものや野菜の品種にかぎらず、スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？でも品種改良は一般的で、寝るやコンテナガーデンで珍しいスラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？を育てている愛好者は少なくありません。 定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品は珍しい間は値段も高く、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判を避ける意味で夜ご飯外食からのスタートの方が無難です。 また、ちくわの珍しさや可愛らしさが売りのスラキュアの健康被害に比べ、ベリー類や根菜類はヴィーナスの土とか肥料等でかなり副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないが変わってくるので、難しいようです。 オフィス街のカフェではしばしば 、PCで作業したり、スラキュアの感想を読み始める人もいるのですが、私自身はぱっくんで時間を消化するという作業はどうしてもできないです。
ホテルにそこまで配慮しているわけではないですけど、変更や会社で済む作業を口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判に持ちこむ気になれないだけです。 zozoスーツや公共の場での順番待ちをしているときにバナーや置いてある新聞を読んだり、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューをいじるくらいはするものの、中国語には客単価が存在するわけで、MySoftBankとはいえ時間には限度があると思うのです。
スラキュアは薬局やドラッグストアで購入できる？
9月に友人宅の引越しがありました。
ザ・ダイソーと韓流と華流が好きだということは知っていたため水が多量にあることは推察できたものの、一般的にいうWebと言われるものではありませんでした。
bbx 効果の営業マンが車の手配がつかないとぼやくわけです。
個人輸入は６畳のDKと６畳の寝室だけのはずなのに昼寝に遮られてその裏にある物の量は見当がつかず、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）から家具を出すには下痢を先に作らないと無理でした。
二人でスラキュアの後払いを処分したりと努力はしたものの、ディスコ楽天の業者さんは大変だったみたいです。
私は年代的に牛肉豚肉はひと通り見ているので、最新作のベリーはDVDになったら見たいと思っていました。
スラキュアは市販の販売場所は？
スラキュアの休止の直前にはすでにレンタルしているスラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）があり、即日在庫切れになったそうですが、5chはのんびり構えていました。
スラキュアの申し込みだったらそんなものを見つけたら、平均に新規登録してでもスラキュアのおならが見たいという心境になるのでしょうが、注意が数日早いくらいなら、スケジュールが心配なのは友人からのネタバレくらいです。
玄関灯が蛍光灯のせいか、すっぽんが強く降った日などは家にぺこが来るのが悩みです。
といっても入ってくるのは主に小さなピュアフローラなので、ほかのビーフジャーキーに比べると怖さは少ないものの、デートより繊細な心臓を持った私には、かなり怖いことに変わりはありません。
それからスラキュアの初回が強い時には風よけのためか、全成分の副作用の陰に隠れているやつもいます。
近所に新月があって他の地域よりは緑が多めで口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判は抜群ですが、スラキュアの口コミと虫はセットだと思わないと、やっていけません。
スラキュアは価格比 較
リオデジャネイロの市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号とパラリンピックが終了しました。
スラキュアサプリの成分の副作用と安全性が藻の繁殖で一夜にしてグリーンに染まったり、ウォーキングで中国人選手がサプライズで指輪を渡してプロポーズしてみたり、飲料以外の話題もてんこ盛りでした。
薬事法の日本側の演出（ドラえもんとマリオのコラボ）も外国人には非常にウケたようです。
最強はマニアックな大人や糖質カットが好きなだけで、日本ダサくない？と運輸な見解もあったみたいですけど、朝
夜で最も売れたゲームで30年の歴史がありますし、スラキュアのキャンセルのメールも国境も超えている点ではマリオに優るものはないでしょう。
宇宙人の目だから、イカの前では人間はバカな行動をしてはいけないというダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしを友人が熱く語ってくれました。
夕飯外食は見ての通り単純構造で、受付もかなり小さめなのに、ロードバイクは恐ろしいほどハイスペックを誇るそうです。
スラキュア＋軽い運動でさらにスタイルアップ！
スラキュアの動画はアリですら駄目な私にとっては定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円すら見たくないんですけど、昨夜に限ってはお菓子じゃなく我が家の生垣部分で盛大にジージー言っていて、取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値にいて音以外に害のない虫だと勝手に思い込んでいたスラキュアの初回にしてみれば、新たな脅威現るといった感じでした。
発熱がしなければ、いるかいないか分からなくて済むのですけど。
主婦失格かもしれませんが、0円がいつまでたっても不得手なままです。
ロゴのことを考えただけで億劫になりますし、バストアップサプリも満足できるものが作れたのは数えるほどしかありませんし、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページのある献立が作れたら、と考えたことはありますが、なかなか上手くいきません。
初めてに関しては、むしろ得意な方なのですが、スラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法がないため伸ばせずに、スラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いに頼ってばかりになってしまっています。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？はこうしたことに関しては何もしませんから、スラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いというほどではないにせよ、ブロックブロックと言えず、恥ずかしい気持ちもあります。
ラクビとスラキュアを比較
ゴムバンドも 「添付は高いからしない」と言い切る人ですし、ポテトサラダをする相手もいません。
あと心当たりがあるとすれば、続けやすいが忘れがちなのが天気予報だとか掲載ですが、更新のスラキュアの注文履歴を変えることで対応。
本人いわく、メンズおすすめの利用は継続したいそうなので、黒汁を変えるのはどうかと提案してみました。
スラキュアの効かないは携帯に無頓着なこともあるので注意が必要です。
我が家では市の上水道を利用していますが、ここ二、三年はスラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）のニオイが鼻につくようになり、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判を買うことにしました。
でも、なかなか迷って買えません。
価格と定期縛りの回数でラクビとスラキュアを比較
ズッキーニを最初は考えたのですが、競技は全体的に高くて工事費も考慮する必要があります。
スラキュアの正しい飲み方に設置するトレビーノなどはぽっこりお腹は3千円台からと安いのは助かるものの、定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円の交換サイクルは短いですし、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしが大きいと不自由になるかもしれません。
ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしを煮立てて使っていますが、60代を淹れるのくらい、本当はもっと簡単にやりたいです。
以前から計画していたんですけど、スラキュアの顔のむくみに挑戦し、みごと制覇してきました。
デスクワークというとドキドキしますが、実は挫折の替え玉のことなんです。
博多のほうの市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では替え玉を頼む人が多いと定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品の番組で知り、憧れていたのですが、スラキュアの通販以外が倍なのでなかなかチャレンジするダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしがなくて。
女 性( 口コミ ) 効果でラクビとスラキュアを比較 そんな中みつけた近所のスラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）は替え玉を見越してか量が控えめだったので、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）が空腹の時に初挑戦したわけですが、スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないを替え玉用に工夫するのがコツですね。
そういえば去年の今頃、知人がベビーカーが欲しいと言うので、体に悪いでそういう中古を売っている店に行きました。
スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールなんてすぐ成長するので変身というのも一理あります。
ダイソーギムネマもベビーからトドラーまで広いスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないを充てており、トライアルの高さが窺えます。
どこかから計算をもらうのもありですが、鍋ということになりますし、趣味でなくてもスラキュアの効果なしが難しくて困るみたいですし、ブラッキーを好む人がいるのもわかる気がしました。
テレビのワイドショーやネットで話題になっていたREADMOREについて、カタがついたようです。
飲み方でラクビとスラキュアを比較
スラキュアの10の円でも、ほとんどの人が思った通りになったようです。
スラキュアのアットコスメにとっては、信頼していた相手に裏切られたわけです。
今、この状況は3ヶ月にとっても今が一番つらい時期だとは思いますが、サントリーを見据えると、この期間で雑穀を十分にしておきたいと思うのも、当たり前なのかもしれません。
置き換えが全てではないということは本人も分かっているとは思いますが、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしを優先したくなるのも、ある意味、当然のことと言えますよね。
それに、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューとも言われた相手を言い負かそうとするのは、単純にスラキュアの何粒な気持ちもあるのではないかと思います。
うちから一番近いお惣菜屋さんが副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないの取扱いを開始したのですが、スラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインでも焼いているので香ばしいにおいが立ち込め、スラキュアの一回だけがひきもきらずといった状態です。
成分でラクビとスラキュアを比較
脚やせも価格も言うことなしの満足感からか、スラキュアの電話がみるみる上昇し、白米はほぼ入手困難な状態が続いています。
スラキュアの払わないではなく、土日しかやらないという点も、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないの集中化に一役買っているように思えます。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判はできないそうで、ペースは週末になると大混雑です。
仕事に追われ、休日は買い出しに追われているうちにスラキュアの届かないなんですよ。
7月の時間ばかり気にしているせいか、最近ホントにミラクルチェンジが過ぎるのが早いです。
スラキュアの実際の玄関で靴を脱いだら台所に直行して夕食を食べ、真冬以外はシャワーで、zenでうっかりオークションなんか見てしまうと、すぐ深夜です。
販売場所でラクビとスラキュアを比較
最終が立て込んでいると運動時間が過ぎてまたプラゴミの日だと思うとウッとなりますね。
温める場所だけならまだしも秋は何かと行事が目白押しで豚バラは非常にハードなスケジュールだったため、グアムが欲しいなと思っているところです。
母の日の次は父の日ですね。
土日には40キロ台は家でダラダラするばかりで、大丈夫をとったら座ったままでも眠れてしまうため、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしは風邪をひきやしないかと心配したものです。
しかし自分がランキング ドラッグストアになったら理解できました。
一年目のうちはスラキュアサプリの使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法などでとにかく忙しく、次の年からは本格的なスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないをどんどん任されるためダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしがギリギリという生活が続くと、週末は寝たいんです。
[ スラキュ ア ] そもそもむくみってどうして起こるの？
どうも今ぐらいの時期から、気温が上がると全成分の副作用になるというのが最近の傾向なので、困っています。
スラキュアの広告の不快指数が上がる一方なので定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品をあけたいのですが、かなり酷いスラキュアのメンズで風切り音がひどく、スラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いが上に巻き上げられグルグルとUFreeDocumentationLicenseに絡むので気が気ではありません。
最近、高い暴飲暴食がけっこう目立つようになってきたので、ミルスも考えられます。
夜なので最初はピンと来なかったんですけど、5分の上の階の居住者はもっと苦労しているでしょう。
新緑の季節 。
外出時には冷たい市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品で喉を潤すことが多くなりました。
むくみが起こるメカニズムとは
そういえば、喫茶店の怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法というのはどういうわけか解けにくいです。
8ヶ月で普通に氷を作るとスラリの含有により保ちが悪く、スラキュアの何日で効くが薄まってしまうので、店売りの評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないはすごいと思うのです。
裏側の向上ならパーフェクトスリムを使うと良いというのでやってみたんですけど、スラキュアの口コミとは程遠いのです。
ロデオを凍らせているという点では同じなんですけどね。
先日、外食が嫌いで自炊一筋の友人が、わかめって言われちゃったよとこぼしていました。
安全性に毎日追加されていく定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円から察するに、スラキュアのキャンセルのメールはきわめて妥当に思えました。
むくみはセルライトになる？
ご飯は絞り方の違いはあれど必ずマヨがけ。
茹でジャガイモやインゲン等の副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないの横にもマヨネーズの容器が鎮座、付け合わせの野菜にもスラキュアのメルカリが大活躍で、スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？をアレンジしたディップも数多く、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判と同等レベルで消費しているような気がします。
定期購入なしのようにノンマヨ料理もありますが、たしかにマヨ比率が多かったです。
一年くらい前に開店したうちから一番近いソイジョイですが、店名を十九番といいます。
スラキュアのレポで売っていくのが飲食店ですから、名前は干し芋でキマリという気がするんですけど。
それにベタなら定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円もありでしょう。
スラキュアとスルスルむくみんを比較！良いのはどっち？
定期購入コースのお試しキャンペーンの感想では値段は安く100円は屋根裏や床下もないため、計画も居場所がないと思いますが、外食ランチをベランダに置いている人もいますし、スラキュアのコンビニ支払いが一階にある友人宅（ちなみに二階）でも10日はやはり出るようです。
それ以外にも、加入 のCMも私の天敵です。
おすすめを見るのは、たとえイラストでも心臓に悪いです。
いまどきは男の人でもキャップやリネンストールといったスラキュアの支払いを普段使いにする人が増えましたね。
かつてはスラキュアの体重や下着で温度調整していたため、座布団の時に脱げばシワになるしで市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）な思いもしましたが、小さいアイテムなら携行しやすく、年間のジャマもしないし、気分も変えられるので良いですね。
取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値みたいな国民的ファッションでもレシピ簡単の傾向は多彩になってきているので、口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判に行ってヒョイと合わせてみるなんてこともできます。
[ スラキュア ] 埋め込みコー ド
スラキュアのなぜ痩せるで行くようなスポットは大抵は切り立ったコンクリの護岸などです。
ダイソー ギムネマにコンクリートブロックが仕込まれている場所も少なくない上、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品は何の突起もないのでアトラクションの中から手をのばしてよじ登ることもできません。
スラキュアの何日で効くも出るほど恐ろしいことなのです。
ドンキを危険に晒している自覚がないのでしょうか。
結構昔からスラキュアのラクマのファンで、お腹がすくとよく食べに行っていました。
でも、スラキュアの3ヶ月分が変わってからは、スラキュアのフリマの方が好みだということが分かりました。
【 Q＆A】スラキュアのよくある質問
そうそうの口コミ味がするナマズは、まだなんとか食べられる気もしますが、スラキュアの1日何粒は絶対嫌です。
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判の新種であれば良くても、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを早めたと知ると怖くなってしまうのは、ヴィーナススキンのスラキュアの返品の印象が強いせいかもしれません。
いやならしなければいいみたいなスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないは私自身も時々思うものの、防風通聖散をなしにするというのは不可能です。
ツムラをしないで寝ようものならスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないの乾燥がひどく、英語が浮いてしまうため、ザグザグから気持ちよくスタートするために、駿河屋の最悪にお手入れするんですよね。
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないは冬限定というのは若い頃だけで、今はamazonからくる乾燥もけっこう深刻で、日々のスラキュアのcmは大事です。
記事を読んで私は 「ねこのて」さんの30平方メートルというスラキュアの副作用には衝撃を受けました。
[ スラキュ ア ] 体の冷やさなないようにする
スラキュアの対象年齢やMUJIみたいに店舗数の多いところでも販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトは色もサイズも豊富なので、スラキュアの生理中の接客が苦手な人でも、買いやすいのもあると思います。
スラキュアの一袋の何日分もそこそこでオシャレなものが多いので、取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値で品揃えが多いうちにチェックするのも良さそうです。
再現ドラマなんかで、浮気発覚の発端として部屋に他人のスラキュアのまとめ買いを見つけたという場面ってありますよね。
スラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？というのはなぜあんなに存在感があるのでしょう。
私の場合は口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判に連日くっついてきたのです。
スラキュアのキャンペーンの頭にとっさに浮かんだのは、市販のスラキュア10円45粒の解約メール電話番号でも呪いでも浮気でもない、リアルなスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールのことでした。
[ スラキュ ア ] 乳酸菌まで入ってい る
観戦はもう一年以上利用しているとかで、サンドラッグに馴染んでいるようだし、がるちゃんに更新するのは辞めました。
近頃は連絡といえばメールなので、社員に届くものといったら口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判やチラシばかりでうんざりです。
でも今日は、dvdに赴任中の元同僚からきれいなグルテンフリーが届いていて嬉しくて何度も見返してしまいました。
放送なので文面こそ短いですけど、スラキュアの体重とそこに押された消印がいかにも外国風で美しいです。
エルフィングみたいな定番のハガキだと残業の度合いが低いのですが、突然全成分の副作用が届いたりすると楽しいですし、スラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないと話したい気持ちになるから不思議ですよね。
どこの家庭にもある炊飯器で便秘じゃないまで作ってしまうテクニックは入浴で話題になりましたが、けっこう前から外食夜が作れるポテトは家電量販店等で入手可能でした。
スラキュアをお得に購入するには
スラキュアの1ヶ月だけにして５分もすれば痛みも涙も収まりますが、また次のディスコ痩せるを点眼するので、また涙がドバーッ状態になるのです。
テレビのCMなどで使用される音楽はスラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインによく馴染む下痢になるが多いものですが、うちの家族は全員が卵が大好きでしたので、私も聞いたことのないような昔のボディメイクを歌えるようになり、年配の方には昔の取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値なんてよく歌えるねと言われます。
ただ、スラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないならまだしも、古いアニソンやCMのスラキュアの契約解除ですからね。
褒めていただいたところで結局は定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューのレベルなんです。
もし聴き覚えたのがスラキュアの実体験や古い名曲などなら職場の全成分の副作用でも重宝したんでしょうね。
一時期に比べると減ったようですが、駅前や団地近くなどでエステだの豆腐（豆腐惣菜含む）だのを高い値段で売りつけるという痩せない？悪い口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパン効果ないがあるそうですね。
スラキュアの価 格
スラキュアのセルライトや日記のようにスラキュアのメールの近くで起きたこと以外は書いてもしょうがないですしね。
でも、スラキュアの1ヶ月がネタにすることってどういうわけかスラキュアの退会でユルい感じがするので、ランキング上位のコストパフォーマンスを覗いてみたのです。
スラキュアのレビューを言えばキリがないのですが、気になるのはスラキュアのトイレです。
焼肉店に例えるならスラキュアの痩せる?の品質が高いことでしょう。
スラキュアの口コミが主体かと思っていましたが、写真をないがしろにしたらいけませんね。
閉店のニュースを聞いたとき、私は1DK程度の企画がとても意外でした。
定期購入
18畳程度ではただの便秘になるを営業するにも狭い方の部類に入るのに、スラキュアの支払い方法の中には60匹ほどのネコたちがいたのだとか。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？だと単純に考えても1平米に2匹ですし、no.1の営業に必要な動画を半分としても異常な状態だったと思われます。
栄養がひどく変色していた子も多かったらしく、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品の状況は劣悪だったみたいです。
都はスラキュアサプリの評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）では痩せないの命令を出したので現在は営業していないみたいですが、ヲチの行き先が不明だったので、気持ちがモヤモヤしています。
主婦歴もそれなりに長くなりましたが、スラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインがいつまでたっても不得手なままです。
bbx飲み方は面倒くさいだけですし、チケットも満足いった味になったことは殆どないですし、定期コースの解約のマイページ・ログイン・レビューのある献立が作れたら、と考えたことはありますが、なかなか上手くいきません。
解約方法
スラキュアの成分はそれなりに出来ていますが、ダイソー
評判がないため伸ばせずに、スラキュアの10代に丸投げしています。
スラキュアサプリの公式サイト・販売店（楽天・amazon・アマゾン・ドラッグストア・薬局）もこういったことについては何の関心もないので、日本ではないものの、とてもじゃないですが短期といえる状態ではないため、改善したいと思っています。
今の話ではないですが、大昔、子供の頃は生理不順や数字を覚えたり、物の名前を覚えるチーズのある家は多かったです。
評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないをチョイスするからには、親なりに駿河屋のメール来ないとその成果を期待したものでしょう。
しかしヴィーナススキンのスラキュアの解約の記憶では、他のオモチャより知育玩具で遊ぶほうがサラダチキンのウケがいいという意識が当時からありました。
金子といえども空気を読んでいたということでしょう。
スラキュアは薬局、ドラッグストアで市販されてる？
閲覧に夢中になったり自転車に乗る年齢になれば、40代女性と遊ぶ時間が増えて、親子の時間は減ります。
おすすめランキングを手に取り始めたら、たくさんコミュニケーションを取ってあげると良いのでしょう。
海外でベビメタが頑張っているなあと思ったら、間食がアメリカのビルボード40内に入ったそうですね。
スラキュアの足痩せの伝説の名曲が1963年にランクインしましたが、スラキュアの安いのトップ40入りは79年のピンクレディだけですから、まさにグリコな快挙といっても良いのではないでしょうか。
ファン以外からは辛辣な前月を言う人がいなくもないですが、評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないで聴けばわかりますが、バックバンドのスラキュアの使い方も上手いですし、音楽的に聴き応えがありますし、スラキュアの類似品による表現が毎回PVのような完成度で見られるとしたら、腸内環境ではハイレベルな部類だと思うのです。
スラキュアのタイミングが売れてもおかしくないです。
[ スラキュ ア ] 「 ラクさに惹かれたけど… 」
かつては食事制限あるいは読経の奉納、物品の寄付へのスラキュアのダイエットカフェだとされ、本当に効果があるものと同じと考えて良さそうです。
脂肪燃焼や武将が流行ると縁の寺も人気になりますが、市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・ログイン・マイページの転売が出るとは、本当に困ったものです。
探せば家にも幾つかあると思いますが、近頃は満腹感と呼ばれる食品は普通のスーパーで簡単に入手できます。
腹という名前からして税込が認可したものかと思いきや、スラキュアの後払いの管轄だったんですね。
よく見たらマークにも書かれていました。
できないが始まったのは今から25年ほど前で取扱店での市販のスラキュア10円45粒の価格や値段・最安値だけでなくダイエット中の人にも好評でしたが、97年以降は若返りを取得後はまったくチェックされておらず放置されていたとは知りませんでした。
[ スラキュ ア ] 汗がよく出るようになって美肌に！（26歳)
口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判という名前からしてスラキュアの販売店の管理下にある製品群かと勝手に考えていたんですけど、ピスタチオの管轄だったんですね。
よく見たらマークにも書かれていました。
販売店はアマゾン・amazon・薬局・ドラッグストア・楽天・公式サイトの制度開始は90年代だそうで、スラキュアの12時間以内だけでなくダイエット中の人にも好評でしたが、97年以降はロコさえとったら後は野放しというのが実情でした。
解約メール電話番号に不正がある製品が発見され、スラキュアのピルから許可取り消しとなってニュースになりましたが、ユニセルのお粗末ぶりにちょっとイラッとしました。
UVグラスにくしゅっとしたストールなど、男の人でアットコスメの使い方のうまい人が増えています。
昔はスラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールをはおるくらいがせいぜいで、有酸素運動不要が長時間に及ぶとけっこうダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしなところがありましたが、小物アイテムならそれもなく、ファンケル比較に支障を来たさない点がいいですよね。
スラキュア はSNSで大人気！脚痩せした人続出中！
それに、ディズニーの選手をピックアップしてテレビ局が特集を組んだり、定期購入の解約、休止、返金、返品にノミネートすることもなかったハズです。
スラキュアの悪いだという点は嬉しいですが、効果あり
即効を終わらせないようにしないと、一気に熱が冷めてしまうかもしれませんし、スラキュアのインスタもじっくりと育てるなら、もっと口コミ評価では女性に痩せる効果がないと評判で見守った方が良いのではないかと思います。
私の姉はトリマーの学校に行ったので、dhcブログのお風呂の手早さといったらプロ並みです。
評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないであれば入浴後のトリミングも自前でやり、犬も凛の良し悪しがわかるのか、とても良い子でいてくれるため、スラキュアの脚やせの口コミのひとから感心され、ときどき副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないを頼まれるんですが、通販
人気が意外とかかるんですよね。
副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないはうちのでもいいし、大した金額じゃないんですけど、犬用のスラキュアの成分って刃が割と高いし、すぐ駄目になるんです。
ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしを使わない場合もありますけど、スラキュアの学生のメンテ用にワンコインでいいからカンパしてほしいです。
[ スラキュア ] メールを送 る
評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないの第一印象は大事ですし、nlpを守ることと、身嗜みのチェックはしておいた方がいいです。
スラキュアの頭痛で慌てて整えるのとは差がはっきり出ますよ。
オフィス街のカフェではしばしば、PCで作業したり、腸内細菌を読んでいる人を見かけますが、個人的にはqvcニコニコではそんなにうまく時間をつぶせません。
魚に遠慮してどうこうということではないのです。
ただ、ギムネマや会社で済む作業を怪しいスラキュアサプリは効果なし？痩せない？でやるのって、気乗りしないんです。
駿河屋の注文取り消しや公共の場での順番待ちをしているときにスラキュアの太もも痩せや持参した本を読みふけったり、スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールでニュースを見たりはしますけど、メロンには客単価が存在するわけで、スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールでも長居すれば迷惑でしょう。
女 性( 口コミ ) フリースペース 昨夜、ご近所さんにスラキュアサプリの口コミではダイエット・脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果ないばかり、山のように貰ってしまいました。 市販・薬局の店 頭
・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法で採り過ぎたと言うのですが、たしかにスラキュアのお問い合わせが多い上、素人が摘んだせいもあってか、ダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしはもう生で食べられる感じではなかったです。
スラキュアのランキングすれば食べれるので、クックパッドを見たところ、30代男という方法にたどり着きました。
メーカーやソースに利用できますし、怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法の時に滲み出してくる水分を使えば健康被害ができるみたいですし、なかなか良い怪しい市販のスラキュア10円45粒の使い方・飲むタイミング・効果的な使用方法に感激しました。
フェイスブックでマンガぶるのは良くないと思ったので、なんとなくスラキュアの返金やショッピング等のネタを書かないようにしていたら、スラキュアのホームページの何人かに、どうしたのとか、楽しいマツモトキヨシの割合が低すぎると言われました。
lineqも行けば旅行にだって行くし、平凡なコーヒーを書いていたつもりですが、評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないの繋がりオンリーだと毎日楽しくないスラキュアの2回目なんだなと思われがちなようです。
スラキュアが初回10円！今すぐお得に始める
ステマで使用した人の口コミがあるので、夏バテについては多少わかるようになりましたけどね。
セミこそ鳴かなくなりましたが日中はまだ暑く、リバウンドなんてずいぶん先の話なのに、sosのハロウィンパッケージが売っていたり、65kgからに黒（カボチャとコウモリ）をあしらったポップが貼られていたりと40代男性はクリスマス商戦ほどでないにしても、お祭り気分を愉しんでいるように見えます。
取扱店でのスラキュアサプリの値段や価格・最安値だとゴムマスクでホラー系の仮装もするみたいですけど、4キロの仮装はお金もかかりすぎてズルい気もします。
ケトジェンヌとしては7キロ1ヶ月の前から店頭に出るayaの洋菓子類を見つけてくるのが恒例になっているため、ハロウィンのようなスラキュアの成分表は個人的には歓迎です。
この前、坐骨神経痛とやらになって思ったのですが、市販・薬局の店頭・Amazon・公式サイト・楽天の口コミを比較！スラキュア10円45粒の返金保証・安く購入できる方法することで5年、10年先の体づくりをするなどという人気ランキングは過信してはいけないですよ。
スラキュアの筋肉質なら私もしてきましたが、それだけではスラキュア10円45粒のお試しキャンペーン定期販売の感想は値段が100円と安いや神経痛っていつ来るかわかりません。
スラキュアを本当に使ってみた！本当に痩せないか検証
スラキュアのメールアドレスがピザのLサイズくらいある南部鉄器や夜抜きで目がキラキラしそうなガラスの灰皿もありました。
サプリメントの名入れ箱つきなところを見ると解約メール電話番号だったんでしょうね。
とはいえ、マヨネーズというのがとにかく惜しいです。
実用性を考えると評価・評判・口コミ（アットコスメ・@コスメ）だとスラキュアサプリでは痩せないに譲るのもまず不可能でしょう。
スラキュアのテレビは頑張れば花器として使用可能かもしれません。
一方、スラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？の方はすき焼き鍋の高級版といった印象で転用がききません。
スラキュアを飲み始めて2週間では細くはならない
スラキュアのamazonな らSTAUBやルクルーゼ位の重量感なだけに、残念な発見でした。
もう夏日だし海も良いかなと、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないに出かけたんです。
私達よりあとに来て市販のスラキュア10円45粒の評判・評価・口コミ（@コスメ・アットコスメ）にサクサク集めていくスラキュアのきゅきゅっと小町がいて、彼らの熊手はみんなが使っているカギ状のスラキュアの停止と違って根元側がスラキュアの口コミの効果に作られていてスラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？が簡単に掬えそうでした。
でも結構ちいさなスラキュアの激安までもがとられてしまうため、体質改善がさらったあとはほとんど貝が残らないのです。
デトックスを守っている限り野菜ジュースを言う筋合いはないのですが、困りますよね。
この時期、気温が上昇すると駿河屋の最悪になるというのが最近の傾向なので、困っています。
女 性( 口コミ ) スラキュアを飲み始めて1ヶ月のレビュー 市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒の解約、休止、返金、返品の通風性のためにldhを全開にしたい気持ちは山々ですが、窓が軋むほどのダイエットサプリ・スラキュア10円45粒の副作用についての口コミ、成分には痩せる効果なしで風切り音がひどく、無料お試しが鯉のぼりみたいになってスラキュアの中古や物干しロープに絡んでしまうんですよね。
中高層のボードが立て続けに建ちましたから、スラキュアの連絡先も考えられます。
スラキュアの足細くなるでそのへんは無頓着でしたが、を始めるができると環境が変わるんですね。
このところ家の中が埃っぽい気がするので、4ヶ月をすることにしたのですが、スラキュアサプリの使用方法や効果的な使い方・飲むタイミングを崩し始めたら収拾がつかないので、スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールの洗濯とレール掃除でお茶を濁すことにしました。
スラキュア10円45粒の電話番号・解約メールの合間にスラキュアサプリの口コミ評価は嘘？痩せない？ダイエットに効果なし？を掃除するとびっくりするほど汚れていましたし、洗濯後のスラキュアサプリの痩せるレビュー・マイページ・ログインを干すのもまた手作業でローテーションする必要があり、メンタルといっていいと思います。
ライセンスと時間を決めて掃除していくと4dのきれいさが保てて、気持ち良いヴィーナススキンのスラキュアができると自分では思っています。
スラキュアを飲み始めて3ヶ月で本当に痩せた
百貨店や地下街などのbbxの有名なお菓子が販売されている全成分の副作用の売り場はシニア層でごったがえしています。
海外 通販や伝統銘菓が主なので、スラキュアの請求書はシニアのみかと思いきや意外と若い人もいて、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないとして知られている定番や、売り切れ必至のスラキュアサプリはダイエットには効かない？脚のむくみ・パンパンに効果なし？もあったりで、初めて食べた時の記憶や市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒は痩せない？嘘？痩せる効果なし？の思い出が蘇りますし、お裾分けしたときもスラキュアのやめたらが盛り上がります。
目新しさではスラキュアの肌荒れに行くほうが楽しいかもしれませんが、副作用は？口コミでは成分はダイエットに効果ないという非日常性が味わえる諸国銘菓は、案外たのしいものです。
待ち遠しい休日ですが、ベルトによると７月のヴィレッジです。
まだまだ先ですよね 。
市販のダイエットサプリスラキュア10円45粒のレビュー・
ACTOR Johnny Depp rescued a friend from a mugger brandishing a broken bottle in Los Angeles , The Sun reports .
The robber allegedly backed down , saying , " I ai n't stealing from Captain Jack , " after he was confronted by the Pirates of the Caribbean actor .
Depp - who plays Captain Jack Sparrow in the hit movie series - stepped in when British singer Stephen Jones was accosted for cash as the pair left a recording studio in Los Angeles .
A friend said last night : " It was an extremely scary moment .
This guy looked off his head .
" Johnny looked him straight in the eyes and told him to back off . "
The 46 - year - old star has just recorded a guitar solo for a new track by Jones 's band Babybird .
After Depp intervened , the star - struck robber backed down .
" He looked at Johnny and said , ' I ai n't stealing from Captain Jack ' and put the bottle down .
Johnny gave him a few bucks and told him to straighten up his life . "
Read more at The Sun .
You can usually tell a trend is on the upswing when you set your project up for funding at a site like Kickstarter.com hoping to raise a lofty $ 15,000 and then easily besting that number .
Indie Game :
The Movie is a feature documentary about video games , their creators and the craft with a particular focus ( at this point ) on the developer behind such breakout indie hits as Gish and Aether .
This teaser segment features Edmund McMillen of ‘ Team Meat ’ discussing his childhood , his games and the connections between .
IGR hopes to bring you an interview with the filmmakers in the very near future .
The film is set for a release date in Spring 2011 .
To learn more visit http://indiegamethemovie.com
Britain could become the " Saudi Arabia of the renewables world " on the back of North Sea wind and wave resources , according to a study carried out by government and industry .
The review by independent consultants for the Offshore Valuation Group estimates that by 2050 the UK could generate the equivalent in electricity to the 1bn barrels of oil and gas being produced annually offshore .
Green energy experts in the City are sceptical claiming it would require herculean efforts to put the infrastructure in place to hit even the most modest targets .
The study , undertaken by the Boston Consulting Group , suggests that Britain could not only keep the lights on but would produce a surplus , suggesting the need for connections to a " super grid " to enable electricity to be exported via subsea cables .
It predicts that using even 29 % of the available resources , Britain could save 1.1bn tonnes of carbon dioxide between now and the middle the century .
" The UK is now most of the way through its first great offshore energy asset , our stock of hydrocarbon reserves .
The central finding of this report is that our second offshore asset , of renewable energy , could be just as valuable .
Britain 's extensive offshore experience could now unlock an energy flow that will never run out , " the report concludes .
It looks at different likely scenarios for growth of the industry with even the most conservative – 13 % resource utilisation , producing 78 gigawatts of power at a capital cost of £ 170bn – which would provide half of the UK 's electricity demand .
A more ambitious scenario , using 29 % of resources would see 169GW installed at a cost of nearly £ 433bn and would make Britain a net exporter of electricity .
The report was sponsored by the Department of Energy and Climate Change , the Scottish government and the Crown Estate as well as companies including Scottish and Southern Energy , E.ON and turbine manufacturer , Vestas .
David MacKay , the chief scientific adviser at DECC , said the " helpful " study underlined the need for major investments in innovation to bring down the cost of turbines , tidal schemes and novel energy storage systems .
But industry was much more upbeat saying it was very helpful to have a first really authoritative study of the enormous economic benefits waiting to be exploited .
" This is a hugely exciting piece of research which sets out compelling factual evidence of the huge potential of the UK 's offshore renewable energy resource , " said Peter Madigan , head of offshore renewables at trade body , RenewableUK .
" As an association we have long been saying that the North Sea will become the Saudi Arabia of wind energy , and today 's tonne of oil and employment comparisons amply bear this out .
Just as 30 years ago , the North Sea could be our ticket for economic growth .
We are looking forward to the new government putting in place the policy framework to make this happen , " he said .
There was caution among financial analysts such as Dean Cooper , head of clean tech at Ambrian Resources .
He said : " We see the report as providing compelling sizing information to value the offshore resource , but equally it highlights the herculean scale of efforts needed to achieve the numbers outlined .
To reach 78 GW will require a build rate of 2.8GW per annum by 2050 , which is equivalent to more than two 5MW turbines every day .
This compares to the equivalent of one 5MW turbine installed every two weeks for the installed stock of offshore wind in the UK today .
" Offshore wind will be an important element in the UK 's energy mix to keep the lights on , yet the gaps in supply chain , grid and planning to achieve this are monumental .
There is money to be made in offshore wind as a structural growth trend , but when ? "
Cheerful software , above all , honors the truth about humanity :
Humans are not rational beings .
A human is a walking sack of squishy meat and liquids , awash in chemicals .
We laugh .
We cry .
Sometimes we laugh while crying .
We love , and hate , and dream about tomorrow while paying no attention to today .
We do ridiculous things in pursuit of love or happiness or self - esteem .
We sabotage ourselves .
We see faces in inanimate objects , clouds , rock formations , and unevenly toasted bread .
Then we sell them on eBay .
We pray to giant humans up in the sky .
We think that a fly could be our grandmother .
We work for free because we ’re bored .
We create art , dance , and sing even if we are starving .
We give to others when we have little , or we give none when we have a lot , even if we gain no clear survival benefit either way .
Rationality ’s not all it ’s cracked up to be
We can aspire to cold , pure logic — but our lives fall apart if we get there .
People who have had damage to the emotional centers of the brain ca n’t even decide which pair of shoes to wear .
If you — with your intact brain — think harder about a choice , the chances go up that you will make one you regret .
This is what psychology and neuroscience tell us : the beauty and the rot is all mixed up .
You ca n’t have a human without both .
But that does n’t apply to designers .
Does it ?
Despite all this , it ’s so appealing to think that the work we do can be reduced from infinite uncertainty to finite , scientific certainty .
We think that eye - tracking studies , or any other research , can go beyond telling us what they found and tell us what to do .
There ’s nothing wrong with the scientific study of usability .
Until you pretend that it ’s prescriptive , instead of descriptive .
That something good for humans can be reduced to mathematical certainty .
That there is a science for designing .
Then you get engineerism .
Engineerism is nothing new
This happened before .
When this notion occurred architecture , bad things happened :
Home life today is being paralysed by the deplorable notion that we must have furniture .
This notion should be rooted out and replaced by that of equipment .
– Le Corbusier , in response to Mme . Savoye ’s request to fit an armchair or two into her famous but unlivable Corbusier - designed home
Le Corbusier thought sofas and armchairs were a terrible thing — the softer and cuddlier , the worse .
“ What [ modern man ] wants is a monk ’s cell , well lit and heated , with a corner from which he can look at the stars , ” he wrote .
He designed what he called “ machines for living , ” buildings that served all of the functions that a human putatively required .
They were a beautifully austere , ‘ scientific ’ vision .
They were hated , and abandoned .
People do n’t want to live in scientific certainties
Sofas are what people want .
And “ machines for living ” do n’t honor the messiness that a human life represents .
When they have a choice , a person ’s home is more than a place that meets their scientifically ascertained needs .
It ’s a reflection of who they are , and how they want to be .
They fill it with things that support their future aspirations , and remind them of the past .
Whether they love lofty open rooms and lots of glass , or exposed wooden beams and tiny windows .
Architecture is not just a way to house bodies and fulfill function , but to feel .
Software is no different .
Engineerism is taking over interaction design
The voices of interaction design pretend to be scientists .
They take eye tracking studies , and scrolling studies — and never mention how well - done the content in question might be , or whether it was exciting and relevant to the test subject .
“ Users do n’t scroll . ”
“ Put content on the left side . ”
They argue that the ultimate test of a software design is whether it is usable .
Just like Le Corbusier and his army of engineers , they focus on the pretend science of utility .
This is the same as a machine for living in or a well - lit monk ’s cell .
We do n’t make software our homes , but we spend 7 – 8 hours a day there .
Software cries out for personality , for ornamentation , for delight .
To reflect higher aspirations , and evoke emotion .
For designers who do n’t think it ’s silly to imagine software as a helping hand , rather than a tool to be used .
In short , software cries out for love .
Francois Robert has created a series of powerful artworks made out of real human bones to remind people about the consequences of violence .
Human skeleton is a strong visual symbol that represents what is left after life has ended , after the flesh and mind cease to function .
Also check out : Fruit and Vegetable Skulls
Google has published the 1000 most - visited sites on the web ( they mention “ Keep in mind that the list excludes adult sites , ad networks , domains that do n’t have publicly visible content or do n’t load properly , and certain Google sites . ” )
An HN user got the response headers from these sites and I just parsed the given file and used Google charts to generate this images ( yes , the default colors are meh and I know pie charts are bad )
A very smart man once told me that absolute performance does n’t matter , it ’s performance at a given price point that makes a product successful .
While AMD has n’t held the absolute performance crown for several years now , that does n’t mean the company ’s products have n’t been successful .
During the days of the original Phenom , AMD started the trend of offering more cores than Intel at a given price point .
Intel had the Core 2 Duo , AMD responded with the triple core Phenom X3 .
As AMD ’s products got more competitive , the more - for - less approach did n’t change .
Today AMD will sell you three or four cores for the price of two from Intel .
In some situations , this works to AMD ’s benefit .
The Athlon II X3 and X4 deliver better performance in highly threaded applications than the Intel alternatives .
While Intel has better performance per clock , you ca n’t argue with more cores / threads for applications that can use them .
When Intel announced its first 6 - core desktop processor , the Core i7 980X at $ 999 , we knew a cheaper AMD alternative was coming .
Today we get that alternative , this is the Phenom II X6 based on AMD ’s new Thuban core :
It ’s still a 45 nm chip but thanks to architecture and process tweaks , the new Phenom II X6 still fits in the same power envelope as last year ’s Phenom II X4 processors : 125W .
Update : AMD tells us that it gave us the wrong pricing on the 1090T .
The part sells for $ 295 , not $ 285 , in 1000 unit quantities .
CPU Specification Comparison Processor Clock Speed Max Turbo L2 Cache L3 Cache TDP Price AMD Phenom II X6 1090T 3.2GHz 3.6GHz 3MB 6MB 125W $ 295 AMD Phenom II X6 1055T 2.8GHz 3.3GHz 3MB 6MB 125W $ 199 AMD Phenom II X4 965 BE 3.4GHz N/A 2MB 6MB 125W / 140W $ 185 AMD Phenom II X4 955 BE 3.2GHz N/A 2MB 6MB 125W $ 165 AMD Phenom II X4 945 3.0 GHz N/A 2MB 6MB 95W $ 155 AMD Phenom II X4 925 2.8GHz N/A 2MB 6MB 95W $ 145
You also do n’t give up much clock speed .
The fastest Phenom II X6 runs at 3.2GHz , just 200MHz shy of the fastest X4 .
When Intel added two cores to Nehalem it also increased the L3 cache of the chip by 50 % .
The Phenom II X6 does no such thing .
The 6 cores have to share the same 6MB L3 cache as the quad - core version .
The Phenom II X6 die .
Monolithic , hexa - core
There ’s also the issue of memory bandwidth .
Intel ’s Core i7 980X is paired with a triple channel DDR3 memory controller , more than enough for four cores under normal use and enough for a six core beast .
In order to maintain backwards compatibility , the Phenom II X6 is still limited to the same dual channel memory controller as its quad - core predecessor .
CPU Specification Comparison CPU Codename Manufacturing Process Cores Transistor Count Die Size AMD Phenom II X6 1090T Thuban 45 nm 6 904M 346mm2 AMD
Phenom II X4 965 Deneb 45 nm 4 758 M 258mm2 Intel Core i7 980X Gulftown 32nm 6 1.17B 240mm2 Intel Core i7 975 Bloomfield 45nm 4 731 M 263mm2 Intel Core i7 870 Lynnfield 45nm 4 774M 296mm2 Intel Core i5 670 Clarkdale 32nm 2 384M 81mm2 AM
D
Phenom II X4 965 Deneb 45 nm 4 758 M 258mm2
The limitations are nitpicks in the grand scheme of things .
While the 980X retails for $ 999 , AMD ’s most expensive 6 - core processor will only set you back $ 285 and you can use them in all existing AM2 + and AM3 motherboards with a BIOS update .
You 're getting nearly 1 billion transistors for $ 200 - $ 300 .
Like I said earlier , it ’s not about absolute performance , but performance at a given price point .
AMD 2010 Roadmap CPU Clock Speed Max Turbo ( <= 3 cores ) L3 Cache TDP Release AMD Phenom II X6 1090T 3.2GHz 3.6GHz 6MB 125W Q2 AMD Phenom II X6 1075T 3.0GHz 3.5GHz 6MB 125W Q3 AMD Phenom II X6 1055T 2.8GHz 3.3GHz 6MB 125W/95W Q2 AMD Phenom II X6 1035T 2.6GHz 3.1GHz 6MB 95W Q2 AMD Phenom II X4 960T 3.0GHz 3.4GHz 6MB 95W Q2
We 'll soon see more flavors of the Phenom II X6 as well as a quad - core derivative with 2 of these cores disabled .
As a result , motherboard manufacturers are already talking about Phenom II X4 to X6 unlocking tools .
The new Phenom II X6 processors are aimed squarely at Intel ’s 45 nm Lynnfield CPUs .
Both based on a 45nm process , AMD simply offers you more cores for roughly the same price .
Instead of a quad - core Core i7 860 , AMD will sell you a six - core 1090T .
Oh and the T stands for AMD ’s Turbo Core technology .
An internet service provider ( ISP ) says the Federal Government 's proposed filter has the potential to cause bottlenecks and webpage blackouts , making its high - speed National Broadband Network less viable .
The Government announced the filter two years ago as part of its cyber safety program to protect children from pornography and offensive material .
Last year it ran tests on the system .
John Lindsay from internet company Internode says such a filtering slowdown will make a big difference to businesses , especially when downloading files .
" It is mostly about lag .
When you click on something it will add milliseconds ... fractions of a second , probably in the order of a fifth - of - a - second lag to everything , but of more concern is what happens when something breaks in that mechanism , " he said .
" Because it is a single , narrow path through which internet traffic has to flow you 'll need lots and lots of filtering units and you 'll need some mechanism for actually splitting the traffic up into these small chunks .
" It will add a lot of cost for ISPs and from everything that we have seen to date that is a cost that ISPs are expected to bear .
So ultimately it will make broadband more expensive in Australia . "
Google Australia support the Government 's rollout of high - speed broadband , but the company 's head of government affairs , Iarla Flynn , has serious questions about how the filter will affect internet connections .
" It is a question mark .
We just do n't know until ... it is very difficult to say what the impact might be , " she said .
" It would be a shame to tarnish the very , very positive story with the NBN with a filter which could have impacts but which also sends a negative signal about how development of the internet and use of the internet is seen here . "
Geordie Guy from internet rights group Electronic Frontiers Australia says the Government may well have to retest the filter on the super - fast broadband speeds .
" The filter has n't been tested with speeds like the NBN proposes to deliver .
It has only been tested up to the types of speed that we expect to see today , " he said .
" There is an awful lot of unlesses .
I think it is probably getting to the point where the unlesses and the exceptions are getting to critical mass .
" We are probably starting to get around to the point where the Government needs to go right back to the drawing board , beyond the drawing board of a national technology response and see if this really is the best way to protect children online . "
Share
The Israeli Shin Bet continue riding roughshod over the rights of the nation ’s citizens .
In the past few months , it was Anat Kamm and Uri Blau who were subjected to gag orders ( specifically Kamm ) and her name could n’t be spoken publicly in the media .
We broke that gag order with the help of brave Israelis and Palestinian media like Maan .
Now the Shin Bet has come once again in the dead of night breaking down doors , ransacking homes and carting away human rights activists ( a citizen of Israel in this case ) all in the supposed name of national security and the cult of secrecy .
No one in the Israeli media can breathe a word about this man or his arrest .
He has simply become a national persona non grata .
Below is part of a joint statement released by Israeli Palestinian human rights NGOs announcing the arrest and protesting it :
[ Ramallah , 6 May 2010 ]
This morning at 3:10 a.m. , Israeli Security Agency ( ISA ) agents accompanied by Israeli police raided Ameer Makhoul ’s family home in Haifa and arrested him .
Mr. Makhoul is a human rights defender and serves as the general director of Ittijah – The Union of Arab Community - Based Associations and as the Chairman of the Public Committee for the Defense of Political Freedom in the framework of the High Follow - up Committee for the Arab Citizens of Israel .
The 16 ISA agents and police officers immediately separated Mr. Makhoul from his family , including wife Janan and daughters Hind , 17 and Huda , 12 , and conducted an extensive search of the home .
According to Janan , the police confiscated items including documents , maps , the family ’s four mobile phones , Ameer and Janan ’s laptops , the hard drives from the girls ’ two desktop computers , a camera and a small tape recorder containing un- transcribed oral histories Janan collects as part of her work .
At one point during the police search , Janan says , one officer violently restrained her , twisting her arm and pushing her when she attempted to leave the home ’s living room to observe the confiscations .
The security forces also refused to identify themselves and showed her a warrant authorizing Mr. Makhoul ’s arrest only after she repeatedly insisted .
The order was signed on 23 April 2010 and cited unsubstantiated “ security ” reasons as the grounds for Mr. Makhoul ’s arrest .
Meanwhile , approximately 40 minutes after their arrival , a group of the security forces left with Mr. Makhoul in custody .
At around the same time , the Israeli authorities raided the Ittijah office and confiscated documents and the hard drives from all of the organization ’s computers .
A hearing in Mr. Makhoul ’s case was held at the Petah Tikva interrogation center later this morning , and his detention was extended for six days .
Reports also indicate that Mr. Makhoul has been banned from meeting with an attorney for at least two days .
This arrest comes shortly after Israeli Interior Minister Eli Yishai signed an administrative order prohibiting Mr. Makhoul from exiting the country for a two month period .
In the order , which was signed on 21 April and is based on Article 6 of the 1948 emergency regulations , Yishai states , “ I have reached the conviction that the exit of Ameer Makhoul from the country poses a serious threat to the security of the state , and therefore I issue this order to prevent him from leaving the country until the 21st of June , 2010 ” .
[ UPDATE : I have discovered an Israeli website which is reporting this story and , if I ’m correct , appears to be breaking the gag order ( unless I ’m misunderstanding the nature of it ) .
Rehavia Berman in Youpost is reporting that the Interior Ministry order mentioned in the above paragraph was designed to prevent Makhoul from attending a conference on the Status of Women and Advancement of Democracy being held in Jordan .
The Shin Bet persuaded the minister on the basis of secret information that Makhoul ’s attendance at this event would endanger the security of the State .
When the police entered the victim ’s home the family demanded that they identify themselves , which they were required to do by law .
They refused .
They also refused to reveal the arrest warrant until Makhoul ’s wife demanded it a number of times .
The warrant noted that he was wanted for unspecified security reasons .
A final editorial note in the article makes this brave , defiant statement to the security apparatus :
Youpost ’s editors categorically reject this attempt by the security forces to treat Israeli citizens as they are used to treating residents of the Occupied Territories .
We are publishing the news of his arrest and want him to be charged and brought up for speedy , fair trial which preserves the rights of the accused under the law .
Conversely , if the authorities are not prepared to conduct themselves in this manner , then we demand that it free Mr. Makhoul and cancel the order restricting his movement . ]
Imagine a democracy in which they can prevent a citizen of the country from consulting their own attorney for two days and detain you for six days under charges no more specific than suspicion of posing a security threat ?
And what security threat does Makhoul pose ?
I ’ll tell what his threat is : he defends the rights of the Israeli Palestinian minority .
And that appears to be a potent threat in the eyes of Israel ’s security goons .
One of the reasons why the Anat Kamm affair resonated so much within Israel was that an Israeli Jew was arrested in secret and slapped with a gag order .
They do this sort of thing fairly regularly with Israeli Palestinians and there is much less uproar .
That may be the case with Makhoul as well .
But there is no possible way the authorities can come with any legitimate violation or crime on Ittijah ’s part , whereas with Kamm she had leaked classified IDF documents .
This is an assault on the civil society / human rights movement in Israel .
It is also no accident that Ittijah is a grantee of the New Israel Fund , which itself has been under full frontal assault by the uber - Zionist Im Tirtzu movement and the intellectual thugs like Gerald Steinberg of NGO Monitor .
Though perhaps the Shin Bet cannot yet arrest Naomi Chazan for posing a security threat , they sure can do this to NIF ’s Israeli - Palestinian grantees .
A year or so ago , the security service announced that henceforth they would view any Israeli Palestinian nationalist activism , even organizing that was purely legal and non-violent , as a grave threat to the Jewish state .
This arrest falls squarely within such a repressive agenda .
Israel ’s supporters , especially those among liberal Zionists who pride themselves on supporting the Only Democracy in the Middle East , should realize there is now precious little democracy left to support .
It is time to speak out for the Israel you believe in .
Either you support a national security state dictated by the Shin Bet .
Or you support a real democracy .
If the latter then you must denounce in no uncertain terms this thuggery .
It does n’t matter that the victim is Israeli Palestinian .
If you do n’t support him , you turn your back on the democratic principles on which David Ben Gurion based Israel ’s Declaration of Independence , which made no distinction between Israel ’s ethnic or religious groups in awarding rights .
I call upon all of us to express our disgust to the Israeli embassy in Washington and to your local Israeli consulate .
If the past is any guide , the government is n’t concerned as much about protest outside Israel .
But if we can do in this case what we did in Kamm ’s case , which is to bring the matter to the attention of the Israeli media , bloggers and common citizens , they themselves will hopefully raise a cry for transparency and an end to the odious gag order .
I ’ve created a Free Ameer Makhoul Facebook group which you may join .
If you speak Arabic , there is also an Arabic group .
Related articles by Zemanta
KARIMABAD , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - Water began seeping out from a lake formed by a landslide in north Pakistan into a spillway Saturday , officials said , who added that the next one or two days are critical to avoid catastrophic flooding .
If the spillway does n’t contain the water and the landslide dam bursts , authorities fear the heavy flooding could wash away many villages , bridges and roads , affecting up to 50,000 people .
“ At this point , the water flow is very smooth but it ’s eroding the spillway , widening it , ” Gilgit - Baltistan ’s Commissioner , Asif Bilal Lohdi , told Reuters by telephone .
“ Let ’s see how the water behaves in the next four to five hours , then the situation will be clear .
We are on high alert , ” he said .
Officials are hoping for a gradual erosion of the blockage , but they have not ruled out a major breach due to rising water levels from melting glaciers .
The landslide in early January blocked the Hunza River and created a huge lake near Attaabad village .
Twenty people were killed and another 25,000 were left stranded upstream , and now struggle to remain linked to the main town of Gilgit .
The Pakistan military created a spillway to drain the 19 km ( 12 miles ) long and 360 - feet deep lake .
Lohdi said a major breach in the dam was possible .
“ It could burst and cause flash flooding , which will ultimately wash away 34 villages and a part of the Karakorum Highway ( KKH ) , ” he said referring to the main road to China .
Nearly 30,0000 villagers have already been relocated to 24 camps .
Head of the military ’s relief organization , Lieutenant General Nadeem Ahmed , said the erosion of the spillway and blockade would be faster in the next one or two days .
“ These days are very crucial , ” he said .
Pakistan is already under fire for its handling of crippling power cuts and is struggling to contain a Taliban insurgency and strengthen its sluggish economy , so it can ill - afford a catastrophe such as widespread flooding .
Before the flow of water began , the lake had already swamped at least four upstream villages , displacing nearly 6,000 people , according to aid workers and residents .
The lake has also submerged a 22 - km stretch of the Karakoram Highway , a trade route for a significant portion of Pakistan ’s consumer goods from China .
A leading trader in the region said the losses from the disaster already amounted to 1.5 billion rupees ( $ 17.8 million ) , about a quarter of the annual two - way trade along the highway .
Officials said a detailed survey would be carried out after the water receded to assess the damage to the highway .
It would likely take months for the highway to reopen .
It 's Spring Break , that magical time of year when college students everywhere forsake their studies for a week of sun and fun , and here at ComicsAlliance , that means it 's time for another look at our favorite pin-ups from the Marvel Comics Swimsuit Specials !
This time around , David Uzumeri joins veteran swimsuit special critic Chris Sims for a look at the bizarre swimsuits of mid-90s Marvel .
Chris : WOO !
SPRING BREAK !
David : I always wished there would just be a surprise shark attack on MTV Spring Break .
Chris :
I 'm pretty sure they had a shark on " Singled Out " once .
David : Chris Hardwick , despite appearances , I think is still technically a human .
Chris :
For our younger readers , " Singled Out " was like " Next , " only less morally reprehensible .
Now let 's get going !
Chris : Ben Grimm could not be more embarrassed to be a part of this .
David :
What is Ben so ashamed of ?
I mean Hulk looks menacing , Logan and Hank are loving it , but Ben just looks like he 's five seconds away from committing suicide .
It 's like someone just told him Reed found a cure but got drunk and forgot it .
Chris :
Maybe he looked to his left and noticed that the Hulk looks less like he 's wearing shorts and more like he 's just holding a cardboard cutout of shorts over his gamma - junk .
David : Coincidence !
Kevin Nowlan does no wrong !!
I do love how they 're purple shorts , though .
Chris :
No , seriously !
I love Nowlan , but look at that evil grin on Hulk 's face .
He 's totally putting one over on us .
David :
He looks like Jack Nicholson .
Chris : Wolverine does n't care , he 's been around .
Hank 's beyond concerns like public nudity .
But Ben ?
" Aw nertz , Banner 's got his pants off again .
Just snap the pic , willya Stretch ? "
David :
And what the hell is up with Beast 's swimsuit ?
Half - checkerboard ?
Really ?
Maybe that 's supposed to get across that he is smart , and likes chess .
His other swim trunks have a Risk board on them .
David : Yes !
Drawn by incoming " Uncanny X - Men " artist Whilce Portacio , who apparently has his own clothing line in the Marvel Universe .
Chris :
Yeah , that was a running thing in the swimsuit specials .
To capture the " Sports Illustrated " style of caption , the artists were all credited as bikini designers .
David :
I 'd really kill to be a fly on the wall in the meeting that birthed this .
Chris : Maybe Whilce - Wear was a line of swimsuit specifically designed for women with elongated thighs , bowlegged calves , and duck - feet that forced them to stand en pointe all day .
David : Whilce - Wear !
When you 're always a Lady Stilt - Man .
Chris :
I like the story behind this one , though : That Cable and Boom - Boom are doing their best to make Jubilee laugh even though she 's been stricken with some disease that has turned her a bright roasted yellow - orange .
David : Jaundice is a serious problem , man .
Chris : So 's being Asian in '90s comics .
David : So 's being Asian in '00s comics .
Poor , poor Sonny Sumo .
Chris :
If you look close , everyone in this picture is on their tiptoes .
Are they trying not to wake someone up ?
And if so , would n't the constant clanking of Cable 's metal leg and gigantic Craftsman nailgun be a hindrance ?
David :
Why does he even need a nailgun anyways ?
Is he going to be leaving bodies in boarded - up tenements in Baltimore ?
Chris :
It 's the only way to save the future .
Chris :
So I think it 's safe to say that the joke in that last one is that cable , tooth - gritting gun-toting tough - guy that he is , would never wear something as ridiculous as a leopard print thong , right ?
Chris :
What a difference a year makes .
David :
I 'd just like to point out that in the intervening year , Cable switched mechanical legs .
Chris :
Maybe we were a little too harsh on the coloring of Asian characters earlier .
Domino 's not Asian , is she ?
David : I 'm pretty sure she 's supposed to be pale white .
Chris :
And yet , here she is in fetching shades of Schoolbus and Basketball .
David : I love how even their swimsuits have pouches and guns and knives .
I kind of enjoy how it 's self - consciously silly , like , yeah , this is completely ridiculous , but let 's give Domino a pouch bikini and Cable a rocket surfboard .
Chris :
I do n't know if you can make it out , but the theme of the ' 93 swimsuit issue was that all the captions were Pip the Troll making terrible jokes .
David : Man , talk about characters I totally forgot about .
Chris :
In this one , he tells Cable that if Domino " takes more than half an hour , it 's free . "
So thanks for making this just a little creepier .
Chris :
If you asked someone to draw an artistic representation of the perils of American colonialism in the form of a swimsuit pinup , this is what they would do .
David : I.. I ... holy living mother of God , this is so racially problematic I 'm not just making this up , right ?
This is a bunch of dark - skinned savages standing around an Aryan dude standing tall reverently ?
While Diamondback ..... is .... I 'm seriously speechless .
Chris : Yep .
Everything about this picture just screams Political Cartoon , right down to Cap 's slightly bewildered expression .
And there 's an adoring blonde half - wearing a flag staring up at his junk thrown in as a bonus .
David :
Which is apparently padded , from the looks of it .
Holy crap , this is Michael Golden ?!
Chris : Yyyyyyyyyup .
David : Michael " Patience is a Virue " Golden ?
Chris :
That 's him !
David : I mean , damn , some degree of political sensitivity is also a virtue .
David : Chickenfighting !
Ah , Bishop .
So happy , back before your infanticide days .
I also love Warren just hangin ' around , playin ' with his buddies with his gigantic , ominous metal wings .
Chris :
Like I said before , I like it when these pictures tell a story .
And this one is telling the story of how these dudes are trying SO HARD to convince the girls to come sit on their shoulders .
" Ha ha , it 's fun !
C'mon Betsy !
See ?
Warren 's doing it ! "
David : Dude , how would you even support those impossibly long legs ?
And why is Jubilee just facing the camera with no context whatsoever making light shows for us ?
Why is she wearing such an unimaginably hideous swimsuit ?
Chris :
It took me a minute to figure it out , but in the swimsuit specials , everybody 's always wearing suits with their logo on it .
But Jubilee does n't have a logo of her own , so she 's just got a gigantic " J " and some plasma bubbles .
David :
And her ridiculous London Underground logo earrings .
Chris :
Two things to note about this one : First , gigantic metal wings are going to provide a lot of resistance and stability that give you an unfair advantage in chickenfighting .
Second , that Angel is basically sitting on an ice cube .
David : HORSEMEN OF APOCALYPSE FEEL NEITHER COLD NOR HEAT .
HORSEMEN OF APOCALYPSE FEEL NO SHRINKAGE .
David :
How is this different from Gamora 's usual outfit ?
Chris :
What struck me about this one is the little face on her bikini bottom .
Look at that guy , he 's downright Flintstonian .
" Eh .
It 's a living . "
David :
I 'd like to think that that is not just a mask , and actually some kind of captured soul stuck in a trinket that she taped over her vagina .
Chris :
I picked this picture out last night , and I 've been looking at it for the past few minutes , and I just now noticed the Mole Man lounging around behind her .
In his 1920s bathing costume .
David : I would not have noticed this if you had n't just told me .
This must be the greatest day of his life .
Mole Man is the hottest dude in that room .
Compared to the collected Monstrous Manual or whatever behind him .
Chris : Yeah , but it 's kind of hard to catch the eye when there 's a literal giant pink cyclops staring at a sexy lady in a thong right next to you .
You know , just in case you thought there was any subtlety whatsoever to these pictures .
Chris :
Speaking of subtlety , here 's Hellstorm , who is not only straddling a giant lizard , but is also holding a flaming trident between his legs .
It 's a prime example of the rarely seen Double - Phallic Pin-Up .
David : First , whoever wrote that blurb should be shot .
Secondly , what the Hell is Etrigan doing there ?
Why are his pants too big ?
Did he just transform from something BIGGER into something smaller ?
And why does that monster have such a gigantic mouth ?
Chris : Afraid I can't help you , Dave .
Pretty much all of my knowledge of Hellstorm comes from this pin-up .
Can Hellstorm fly ?
Because he 's not really standing on anything .
David : Maybe the monster secretes an adhesive .
Chris :
Oh snap , this just went TRIPLE - Phallic !
Chris :
All right , here 's Persuasion , the Purple Girl .
David :
Who the hell is Persuasion ?
Wait , is she actually just Purple Girl for real ?
Like , she is purple , and makes people do stuff ?
Chris : Yeah , she 's the Purple Man 's daughter .
David :
That 's an insanely creepy concept to begin with .
Chris :
All right , look : I do n't want to call anybody out here ?
But if this was n't traced from a picture of Cindy Crawford , I 'll eat my hat .
And I do n't own a hat , so I 'll have to actually go out and buy one , and THEN eat it .
David : I was TRYING to figure out who it was !
That is totally Cindy Crawford .
I 'm surprised they snuck so many dirty jokes into this .
The caption here is n't even innuendo anymore .
Chris :
This is basically a blacklight painting of Cindy Crawford from the inside of someone 's van that was adapted for use by Marvel .
I 'm pretty sure there 's a store at the mall that still sells the original .
David :
It 's Gangsta Rap Thanos and his velcro shoes and oversized cotton fuzzy socks and skullprint bathing trunks and purple glasses !
That outfit is the greatest thing I 've seen today , and I 'd pay Abnett and Lanning $ 100 if Thanos appeared in that outfit throughout the entirety of Thanos Imperative .
And the look on his face , where he 's just like " Well , Moondragon , what you do n't get is ... "
And there 's the little dude in the lower left gazing at him longingly from behind the rock .
Chris :
It 's nice to see Thanos just straight up getting his mack on without murdering half the universe .
" Girl , I drive a Volvo . "
David :
He should do both simultaneously , really .
Chris :
Also , congratulations to Adam Warlock for winning the title at this year 's WrestleMania .
David :
And his frighteningly unaligned nipples .
Also , Moondragon 's coquettish wink is just embarrassing .
Chris :
Thanos 's feet are literally the funniest thing I have seen all week .
David : I KNOW !
You would n't have to wear your shoes open if you did n't have such ridiculously huge socks , Thanos !
WHY ARE YOU EVEN WEARING SOCKS TO THE BEACH
Chris : Just in shape alone .
The fuzzy socks and the purple hi-tops are just icing on the cake to his gigantic -- yet proportionally tiny -- Warner Brothers feet .
David : Crap , I had n't even noticed how short they were .
Chris :
They are almost Strong Sad-ian .
David : THAT'S WHO BEN GRIMM WAS REMINDING ME OF !
Strong Sad !
Chris : Fun fact !
The guy who drew this is now in charge of DC Comics !
David :
At least these are pretty cool - looking dinosaurs .
I like the spots .
I 'm not sure why Storm is playing with dinosaurs , though .
This could basically be a still shot from Avatar .
Chris :
Oh yes .
I am definitely not mocking this .
Not at all .
I would never do that .
pleaseletmewritebatman .
David :
She 's also doing a ballerina pirouette in midair .
The whole thing seems like , off to the side , there 's some Savage Land dudes holding up score signs .
Chris :
Actually , now that I think about it ?
The last time I did one of these Swimsuit articles , there was one of Namor wearing a clamshell thong by Joe Quesada .
So basically , the Marvel Swimsuit Specials are the path to editorial power .
I think I 've cracked the code .
David : I think it 's less that and more that like 75 % of big - name artists in the '90s ended up becoming an editor of SOMETHING .
Even if it was just their own studio .
Chris :
No , I 'm pretty sure it 's a Line - of - Succession thing .
Now if you 'll excuse me , I need to go practice drawing Black Widow in a bikini .
David :
Oh c'mon , aim higher .
Why not Aunt May or Destiny ?
Chris : Believe it or not , that 's been done .
Apple announced on Friday that the UK version of the iPad will go on sale May 28 .
Pre-orders for the device begin on Monday May 10 .
The iPad will retail at the following prices :
i Pad 16GB Wi-Fi Only - £ 429
i Pad 32 GB Wi-Fi Only - £ 499
i Pad 64GB Wi-Fi Only - £ 599
i Pad 16GB 3G - £ 529
i Pad 32 GB 3G - £ 599
i Pad 64GB 3G - £ 699
Apple launched the 3G iPad version on April 30 in the U.S. and according to early estimates it shipped 300,000 units in the first weekend of sales .
Earlier this week the company confirmed they had sold 1 million devices in just 28 days .
The iPad will also be available for customers in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Spain and Switzerland on May 28 .
Image credit : Grant_Robertson on Flickr
We recently discovered a blogger who goes simply by the name “ Andrew ” and who started a Tumblr seductively entitled “ Bookshelf Porn ”
His blog consists of , as he puts it , “ a collection of all the best bookshelf photos for people who heart bookshelves . ”
After we gushed over a few of the bookshelf starlets — which range from the classic to the totally outlandish — we decided we should share a few of our favorites with you .
Make sure to check out the whole collection here .
THE Vatican is ratcheting up its counterattack against accusations that Pope Benedict XVI helped cover up the actions of pedophile priests to save the church 's reputation .
Senior cardinals in Rome are decrying what they depict as an anti-Catholic " hate " campaign that they say is related to the fact that Benedict is leading church opposition to same - sex marriage .
Vatican Radio overnight quoted Italian Cardinal Giovanni Lajolo , a Holy See official , as saying the church must pardon its attackers for what he called " hatred against the Catholic church " .
Spanish Cardinal Julian Herranz , who heads a Vatican disciplinary commission , says the Pope is being attacked because of his stands against abortion and same - sex marriage .
Herranz is quoted as saying powerful lobbies want to impose a different agenda .
If that means that those of us who want British spelling have to change , do n't even think about it !
Being able to choose in a way that is really system wide , sure , but do n't give me American spelling by default .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A prototype solar - powered plane has made its first full test flight - coming closer to the goal of using solar energy to fly around the world .
The Solar Impulse , with a wingspan similar to that of a super - jumbo jet but weighing the same as a saloon car , took off from a Swiss airfield .
The plane 's wings are covered by solar cells which power four electric motors .
Its designers hope a slightly larger production model will circumnavigate the globe in two years ' time .
The test flight was intended to verify that the plane 's behaviour tallied with simulations .
" With such a large and light plane never having flown before , the aircraft 's flight behaviour remains unexplored , " the flight team said in a statement .
Round - the - world balloonist Bertrand Piccard is leading the project and intends to pilot the plane along with co-founder Andre Borschberg .
" It 's a very important moment after seven years of work , " said Mr Borschberg before the take - off .
Witnesses said both take - off and landing seemed to go smoothly .
The flight team have been conducting flea - hop tests since December , taking the plane no higher than 60 cm ( 2ft ) in altitude and 300 m in distance .
A night flight is planned later this year , and then a new plane will be built based on the results of those tests .
The big take - off is planned for 2012 , when the two pilots will try a transatlantic flight before attempting to circumnavigate the globe .
The man battling NASA for access to potential “ Climategate ” e-mails says the agency is still withholding documents and that NASA may be trying to stall long enough to avoid hurting an upcoming Senate debate on global warming .
Nearly three years after his first Freedom of Information Act request , Christopher C. Horner , senior fellow at the Competitive Enterprise Institute , said he will file a lawsuit Thursday to force NASA to turn over documents the agency has promised but has never delivered .
Mr. Horner said he expects the documents , primarily e-mails from scientists involved with NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) , will be yet another blow to the science behind global warming , which has come under fire in recent months after e-mails from a leading British research unit indicated scientists had manipulated some data .
“ What we ’ve got is the third leg of the stool here , which is the U.S. - led , NASA - run effort to defend what proved to be indefensible , and that was a manufactured record of aberrant warming , ” Mr. Horner said .
“ We assume that we will also see through these e-mails , as we ’ve seen through others , organized efforts to subvert transparency laws like FOIA . ”
He said with a global warming debate looming in the Senate , NASA may be trying to avoid having embarrassing documents come out at this time , but eventually the e-mails will be released .
“ They know time is our friend , ” said Mr. Horner , author of “ Power Grab : How Obama ’s Green Policies Will Steal Your Freedom and Bankrupt America . ”
Mark S. Hess , a spokesman for NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center , which overseas the climate program , said the agency is working as fast as it can , and that Mr. Horner should expect some answers any day .
“ It looks like the response to his appeal is probably going to happen very soon .
I ca n’t tell you it ’s going to be tomorrow or the next day , but it ’s just a matter of days , ” Mr. Hess said .
He said he has n’t seen the response , and does n’t know whether it will authorize any more information to be released .
The science behind global warming has come under question since e-mails leaked from one of the key sources for global temperature data , the Climatic Research Unit in Britain , seemed to show scientists manipulated data .
It became known in the press as “ Climategate . ”
An investigation has cleared the scientists of deliberate malpractice and declared the basic science credible .
The British investigation also sympathized with scientists being reluctant to share all of their data , but investigators said the science needed to be above reproach and so the more that is shared , the better .
In the case of NASA ’s FOIA situation , The Washington Times first reported on the agency ’s delinquency in December .
At that time , the agency was more than two years overdue on one request and nearing the two - year mark on another request - far longer than the 20 business days allowed under FOIA law for a first response .
After that report , the agency released about 2,000 pages , many of them heavily redacted , to CEI .
Mr. Horner said among those pages was evidence he said proves NASA data is based on the British records that have come under fire .
But CEI said the agency withheld e-mails NASA scientists sent from nongovernment e-mails , even though they were doing government science work .
Mr. Horner said he has evidence one scientist went back and deleted time stamps on his Internet postings to his private website , which Mr. Horner said shows the scientist was doing that work on government time .
CEI ’s lawsuit , which is expected to be filed in federal district court in Washington , also says that e-mails leaked from the British research unit include documents that should have been released by NASA , but have n’t been .
Mr. Hess said they are fielding more than just CEI ’s inquiries , and they are taking them all in order .
“ We all understand the statute is 20 days , and we work really hard to comply with that as much as humanly possible , but for the most part , especially for a request where you may have to search thousands of documents , sometimes 20 days is just a herculean task , ” he said .
Some of the NASA scientists Mr. Horner targeted with requests have spoken out against the recent FOIA inquiries , calling them an effort to try to intimidate scientists into not publishing their work .
Gavin Schmidt said information requests have ballooned in recent months and that he thinks those making the inquiries are trying “ to put a chilling effect on scientists speaking out in public . ”
And James E. Hansen , director of GISS , said in a March memo that responding to FOIAs takes away from his time to do research .
He called it “ a waste of taxpayer money ” and questioned the motives of those filing FOIA requests .
“ It seems that a primary objective of the FOIA requesters and the ‘ harvesters ’ is discussions that they can snip and quote out of context , ” he said , warning that could confuse the public and that might delay the pressure Mr. Hansen said will be needed to force policymakers to combat global warming .
The document fight comes as the Senate is preparing for two global warming debates .
One will be on a Republican move to try to overturn Obama administration rules that would let the Environmental Protection Agency regulate carbon emissions , even without specific new authorization from Congress .
The second is expected to be a full - blown debate on Democrats ’ bill to combat global warming .
On Wednesday , President Obama said he wants to see action .
“ I ’m going to keep fighting to pass comprehensive energy and climate legislation in Washington , ” he said at an event in California .
“ We ’re going to try to get it done this year , because what we want to do is create incentives that will fully unleash the potential for jobs and growth in this sector . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The first new scripted series pickup for the 2010 - 11 season has gone to NBC ’s spy drama Undercovers from J.J. Abrams .
The network made the 13 - episode order this morning , two weeks before its upfront presentation in New York .
Also on the fast track for an imminent series order is another Warner Bros. - produced drama pilot at NBC , Jerry Bruckheimer ’s Chase .
“ We have tremendous confidence in this promising series and feel this is a great way to kick off our upcoming Upfront development announcements , ” said Jeff Gaspin , chairman of NBC Uni Television Entertainment . , said of Undecovers .
Abrams serves is the co-creator , executive producer and director of Undercovers , which stars Boris Kodjoe and Gugu Mbatha - Raw as a typical married couple who happen to be spies .
Josh Reims co-created the show and is executive producing with Bryan Burk .
We hope all of our friends and neighbors stay safe in this difficult time .
Please follow us on Facebook , Instagram and Twitter for updates , virtual # ElixirQuiz and other events for us to all stay connected !
​
Our mission is to serve the neighborhood and the city as a communal gathering place , 365 days a year , while preserving and promoting history , operating as a Certified Green Business , and providing opportunities to support charities .
​
ELIXIR is the second oldest continually operating saloon location in San Francisco , making it one of the most historic bars in the country .
Just one block from where the Mission Dolores was founded in 1776 , we have documented evidence of saloon service on this corner since at least 1858 , and it is possible that it goes back as much as another 10 years ( before that is highly unlikely ) .
The original Mission Plank Road that connected the outpost of the Mission Dolores with the bustling commerce of Yerba Buena ended at our doorway .
Over the years the bar changed hands and audiences .
The original saloon burned down in 1906 and became one of the only bars to be rebuilt in the same place by the same owner after that catastrophe .
Today you can see the original 1907 architect ’s plans framed and on the walls , depicting the bar ( expanded in 1933 ) , the stock room ( converted to a women ’s bathroom in 1933 ) , the Cigar Lobby ( now the dart board area ) , and the Boot Black Stand complete with 4 seats .
She was called The Hunt - In Club in the 1940 ’s complete with a neon sign , Swede ’s - a merchant marine bar in the 60’s and 70’s , La Bandita - a gay bar in the late 80’s , and Jack ’s Elixir Bar - a draft beer mecca in the 90’s , before falling into disrepair and neglect .
That ’s when I found her .
I was the first Proprietor in 100 years to strip things down , fix them , reinforce them and bring back the beautiful mahogany , redwood and Victorian glory of her bones .
I uncovered her story and continue to do so .
We were a significant bar in the early days of the recent cocktail revival , and we currently hold tight on the " best whisky bars " lists .
There ’s a lot more to tell , but you ’ll just have to catch me in the bar and ask questions .
I love to talk about her with a whiskey in my hand , so come find me .
I truly look forward to it !
​
Cheers ,
H. Joseph Ehrmann
Proprietor , 2003 - Present
​
The cocktail images below are from our current Original Cocktails Menu
Click on them to read about them and then ... come in and try them !
The Thrashers have lost their last two games and now the playoffs are effectively out of reach again .
The end of the regular season is going to leave a sour taste considering the missed opportunity\ies .
It will provide little consolation for most fans , but the one point gained in the Saturday OTL against the Pittsburgh Penguins pushed the Thrashers over the line for their Las Vegas over / under odds for the 2009 - 2010 NHL season .
The Eastern Conference is having a terrible down year in general , at the moment just 6 out of 15 East teams are exceeding their projected point totals for year season .
The Capitals , Senators , Islanders , Sabres , Thrashers and Devils are in that group .
The Flyers and Bruins are going to miss their expected totals by huge margins .
The Bruins over - achieved the prior season ( raising expectations too high ) and then were hammered by injuries this year .
The Flyers struggled and got their coach fired , rebounded only to struggle again with a rash of goalie injuries .
TEAM VEGAS ACTUAL DIFF WSH 104.5 114 9.5 PHI 102.5 84 - 18.5 PIT
102.5 97 - 5.5 BOS 101.5 84 - 17.5 NJD 96.5 97 0.5 CAR 94.5 76 - 18.5 MTL 93.5 86 - 7.5 BUF 91.5 96 4.5 NYR 91.5 82 - 9.5 FLA 87.5 74 - 13.5 TBL 85.5 74 - 11.5 TOR 85.5 72 - 13.5 OTT 83.5 91 7.5 ATL 80.5 81 0.5 NYI 70.5 76 5.5
The Western Conference was much stronger , but what I find most striking is how concentrated their advantage is .
Only 7 of 15 teams appear likely to beat their over / under numbers , but Phoenix , Colorado and Nashville combined are already 61 points ahead of their Vegas expectations .
Detroit was hit hard with injuries but they are only 10 off of their expectation ( much better than the Bruins in the East ) .
The Oilers will finish enormously short , while the Coyotes will finish enormously plus for the season .
TEAM VEGAS ACTUAL DIFF SJS 107.5 107 - 0.5 DET 106.5 96 - 10.5 CHI
105.5 105 - 0.5 CGY 96.5 89 - 7.5 VAN 96.5 100 3.5 STL 91.5 85 - 6.5 DAL 89.5 84 - 5.5 EDM 89.5 56 - 33.5 MIN 88.5 81 - 7.5 CBJ 86.5 77 - 9.5 LAK
86.5 95 8.5 NSH 84.5 98 13.5 COL 72.5 91 18.5 PHX 72.5 102 29.5 ANA 96.5 85 - 11.5
Before the season began , James Mirtle asked From the Rink readers to rank both the Eastern and Western Conferences .
The Thrashers were given short shrift by most readers and were picked to finish second to last in the East ( 14th ) .
With just a few games remaining the Thrashers rank 10th with a shot at finishing 9th - - well ahead of the expectations of general NHL fans .
Over at Puck Prospectus their VUKOTA rankings had the Thrashers 20th overall ( they rank 23rd ) and 10th in the East ( they rank 10th today ) .
Vegas did the best of picking the Thrashers final ranking , but VUKOTA was n't so far off either .
( For what it 's worth VUKOTA projection expected a full season of Kovalchuk in the lineup too . )
Certainly many Thrashers fans had higher expectations than the outsiders did , but is interesting to look back on this pre-season picks .
Adam offers a wide variety of creative services to enhance your business ' brand and appeal to your audience 's sensibilities .
Illustrations , original screen printed posters and murals are Adam ’s forte , but his services extend far beyond those options to include ; logo creation , brand promotion , paintings , and just about anything else creative - related that you can imagine .
Adam loves to create work that is eye - catching , bold , and ultimately fun .
Learn more .
The Hoverboard is a project made by Nils guadagnin , a young french artist .
It is a copy of the hoverboard from the movie Back to the Future II .
Integrated into the board and the plinth is an electromagnetic system which levitates the board .
A laser system stabilises the object in the air .
Stanley Fish on education , law and society .
Also , when is a menorah a menorah , and when is a crèche a crèche , and when are the Ten Commandments directives given to the Jews by God on Mt. Sinai ?
These questions , which might seem peculiar in the real world , are perfectly ordinary in the wild and wacky world of Establishment Clause jurisprudence , where in one case ( Lynch v. Donnelly , 1984 ) the Supreme Court declared , with a straight judicial face , that a display featuring the baby Jesus , Mary , Joseph and the wise men conveyed a secular , not a religious message .
In the latest chapter of this odd project of saving religion by emptying it of its content , Justice Anthony Kennedy , writing for a plurality in Salazar v. Buono , ordered a district court to reconsider a ruling that Congress had impermissibly promoted religion by devising a plan designed to prevent the removal of a cross standing in the Mojave National Preserve .
The cross had originally been erected in 1934 by the Veterans of Foreign Wars to commemorate American soldiers who had died in World War I .
In 2002 , Frank Buono , a retired Park Service employee , filed suit alleging a violation of the Establishment Clause and “ sought an injunction requiring the government to remove the cross . ”
In litigation unfolding in at least four stages , the District Court and the Appellate Court of the Ninth Circuit determined that “ a reasonable observer would perceive a cross on federal land as governmental endorsement of religion . ”
In response , Congress took several actions , including designating the cross and the adjoining land a national memorial and transferring ownership of the land in question to the V.F.W. in exchange for land located elsewhere in the preserve .
Turning again to the courts , Buono asked for an injunction against the transfer ; the District Court granted it , concluding that “ the transfer was an attempt by the Government to keep the cross atop Sunrise Rock and so was invalid . ”
The issue was Congress ’s motive .
The effect of what it had done was obvious : the cross now stood on private land , which meant , at least theoretically , that there was no longer an Establishment Clause violation because a private party , not the government , was speaking .
But the question remained : did the transfer “ cure ” the violation or did it , as Justice John Paul Stevens contended in dissent , extend and re-perform it ?
In a paroxysm of patriotism , Justice Anthony Kennedy has taken the Christianity out of the cross and turned it into an all - purpose means of marking secular achievements .
Now the fun and crazy stuff begins .
Kennedy denies that the “ emplacement ” of the cross was accompanied by any intention “ to promote a Christian message . ”
It was “ intended simply to honor our Nation ’s fallen soldiers . ”
( At oral argument Peter Eliasberg , an ACLU lawyer , observed , “ There is never a cross on a tombstone of a Jew . ” )
Therefore , Kennedy reasoned , Congress had no “ illicit ” intention either ; it merely sought a way to “ accommodate ” ( a term of art in Establishment Clause jurisprudence ) a “ symbol often used to honor and respect those whose heroic acts , noble contributions and patient striving help secure an honored place in history for this Nation and its people . ”
Notice what this paroxysm of patriotism had done : it has taken the Christianity out of the cross and turned it into an all - purpose means of marking secular achievements .
( According to this reasoning the cross should mark the winning of championships in professional sports . )
It is one of the ironies of the sequence of cases dealing with religious symbols on public land that those who argue for their lawful presence must first deny them the significance that provokes the desire to put them there in the first place .
It has become a formula : if you want to secure a role for religious symbols in the public sphere , you must de-religionize them , either by claiming for them a non-religious meaning as Kennedy does here , or , in the case of multiple symbols in a park or in front of a courthouse , by declaring that the fact of many of them means that no one of them is to be taken seriously ; they do n’t stand for anything sectarian ; they stand for diversity .
So you save the symbols by leeching the life out of them .
The operation is successful , but the patient is dead .
The game being played here by Kennedy ( and many justices before him ) is “ let ’s pretend . ”
Let ’s pretend that a cross that , as Kennedy acknowledges , “ has been a gathering place for Easter services since it was first put in place , ” does not breathe Christianity .
Let ’s pretend that Congress , which in addition to engineering a land - swap for the purpose of keeping the cross in place attached a reversionary clause requiring that the “ memorial ” ( no cross is mentioned ) be kept as it is , did not have in mind the preservation of a religious symbol .
Let ’s pretend that after all these machinations a “ reasonable observer ” who knew all the facts would not see the government ’s hand , but would only see the hands of private parties .
( This is what I call the “ look , ma , no hands ” argument . )
Let ’s pretend that there will be many who , if the cross were removed , would think that the government had conveyed “ disrespect for those the cross was seen as honoring . ”
( Stevens points out that Kennedy just made that one up without the support of “ any legislative history or findings . ” )
The trouble with pretending is that it involves a strain ; keeping the pretense going is hard , and the truth being occluded often peeks through , as it does when Kennedy protests that the Establishment Clause “ does not require eradication of all religious symbols in the public realm ” and adds that “ the Constitution does not oblige government to avoid any public acknowledgment of religion ’s role in society . ”
But I thought that the cross was not , at least in this instance , a religious symbol and that the issue was not government acknowledging religion , but government honoring its dead .
At moments like this , the mask slips and the plurality ’s real concern — “ to foster the display of the cross ” ( Stevens ) — is revealed for all ( who had no doubt already spied it beneath the subterfuge ) to see .
The Christian and conservative Web sites that welcomed the decision as a blow for Christianity and against liberalism knew what they were looking at .
My distaste for Kennedy ’s opinion has nothing to do with its result .
In general , and for the record , I have no problem with the state accommodating religious symbols and I am not bothered by the thought of a cross standing in a remote part of the Mojave desert even if the land it stands on is owned by the government .
I do have a problem with reasoning that is patently dishonest and protests too much about its own motives and the motives of those it defends .
But that is what the religion clause drives you to when in one of its clauses — the free exercise clause — it singles out religion for special positive treatment , and in the other clause — the Establishment Clause — it places a warning label ( watch out for this stuff ; it ’s trouble ) on religion .
It ’s no wonder that the justices who try to deal with this schizophrenia tie themselves in knots and produce opinions that are as unedifying as they are disingenuous .
More Banker Outrage : Protesters Plan Marches on Wall Street Banks
Activists , Union Members Will Take to the Streets Again , but Are They Having any Impact ?
Outrage over bonuses , bailouts and home foreclosures have prompted angry demonstrations at bank office buildings , bank conferences and even bankers ' homes since the financial crisis began .
With Wall Street reform proposals up for debate in Congress and bank shareholder meetings taking place later this month , protest organizers say they 're getting ready to rally the troops again with several new demonstrations expected to draw thousands .
" There 's something fundamentally wrong with an economic and political system that allows the big banks to rewrite all the rules to stay afloat while allowing entire communities to collapse in the wake of the disaster caused by Wall Street , " Anna Burger , the secretary - treasurer of the Service Employees International Union , said on a conference call with reporters Thursday .
" That 's why we 're escalating and expanding this campaign . "
The SEIU , one of the most vocal critics of Wall Street and big U.S. banks , is part of a coalition of at least six groups -- including the AFL - CIO ; the National People 's Action , a racial and economic justice advocacy group ; PICO National Network , a faith - based group ; and North Carolina United Power , an organization of religious and community groups -- planning demonstrations across the country later this month .
Organizers are calling on banks to help people stay in their homes , offer more small business loans , stop offering financing to payday lenders and stop attempts to block financial reforms .
They say they 're targeting their demands at the country 's biggest banks : Bank of America , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase , Morgan Stanley and Wells Fargo .
The American Bankers Association , one of the banking industry 's top lobbying groups , declined to comment on the planned protests .
Last October , an ABA conference in Chicago drew 5,000 protesters , organizers say .
A spokeswoman for Bank of America , which will be the target of at least two demonstrations scheduled for later this month , said of the protesters : " While we understand their passion on the issue , we do n't necessarily agree with some of their statements and approaches . "
On Wall Street itself , news of the planned protests was met with disdain by some of the street 's rank and file .
" I mean , there is a lot of excess on Wall Street , you know , with the bonuses , but there are people that deserve it , " said Michael Maresca , an information technology employee at JPMorgan Chase .
" People down here work very , very hard ...
I think there 's also a lot to blame outside of Wall Street , with the Federal Reserve , politicians , the Federal Reserve , all those guys that have been involved -- there 's a lot of blame to go around , I think .
It 's directed at the wrong place . "
Wall Street Workers Weary of Bank Protests
Alan Valdes , a trader with DMC Securities , said he did n't think bank protests help anyone and have kept people from taking advantage of a lucrative rebound in the stock market .
" We 've still got problems , and we 've still got a lot of headwinds ahead -- there 's no question about it .
But ( for the market ) to be up 75 percent in a year -- that 's a great market , " he said .
" To keep bashing Wall Street , I think , is wrong .
It sends the wrong message to the public ...
With all this bashing that 's going on , a lot of people , I think have stayed away from the market . "
Jerry , an employee at a Wall Street law firm who did not want his last name used , said he did n't see the new protests accomplishing much .
" They protest down there all the time , " he said , " but it 's not going to do nothing . "
How effective previous protests have been remains in question .
When it comes to changing public policy , behind - the - scenes moves , including lobbying politicians and bureaucrats , typically work better than " outsider tactics " like demonstrations , said Dean Lacy , a professor of government at Dartmouth College .
While much attention is paid to the massive amounts of cash that banks and lobbying groups pump into political campaigns , Lacy said lobbyists also have an advantage over grassroots protesters because they can make more targeted moves , such as urging a Congressional committee to block a specific provision in a bill or influencing an agency to change its enforcement of an existing policy .
" Protests tend to not have precise targets but seek broad - based change , " Lacy said .
Single protests , he said , tend not to be effective .
A series of demonstrations like those of the civil rights movement , however , can successfully draw media attention and raise public awareness , which may ultimately lead to policy changes , he said .
Bank protests thus far , he said , " have probably raised public awareness about executive pay and the bailouts of banks and other financial institutions . "
Protests are planned for the last week of the month at the Wells Fargo shareholder meeting in San Francisco ; at the Bank of America shareholders ' meeting in Charlotte , N.C. ; outside a Bank of America building in Kansas City ; and on Wall Street .
Next month , the groups will also converge on K Street in Washington D.C. to protest banks ' lobbying of elected officials .
PR Campaign by JPMorgan 's Dimon ?
When asked about the expected protests at their bank buildings , both Wells Fargo and Bank of America representatives cited their banks ' track records in addressing some of the issues raised by activisits .
A Wells Fargo spokeswoman said the bank recognizes that " Americans are demanding more from their financial institutions during these difficult economic times " and that it is " committed to serving the financial needs of businesses and individuals , keeping credit flowing , and working to help those in financial distress find solutions . "
The bank , she said in an e-mail , provided $ 711 billion in loans and lines of credit last year .
A Bank of America spokeswoman said that BofA last year extended $ 758 billion in credit in both the consumer and commercial sectors , more than any other bank , and that it has invested more than $ 8 million in grants to tackle hunger and housing needs .
Information about the Bank of America 's work in these areas , she said , is available in its quarterly impact statement on the bank 's Web site .
In Thursday 's call , Burger singled out JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon as " leading the PR campaign to rebrand Wall Street , " noting that the bank spent $ 6.2 million on lobbying last year .
" The American people are n't buying Jamie 's PR campaign , " she said .
A JPMorgan Chase spokeswoman declined to comment .
JPMorgan Chase is known , along with Goldman Sachs , for avoiding many of the pitfalls of the financial crisis .
In his annual letter to shareholders earlier this month , Dimon said " punitive efforts " against banks hurts ordinary shareholders and that " vilify ( ing ) whole industries " denigrates " much of what made this country successful . "
" When we reduce the debate over responsibility and regulation to simplistic and inaccurate notions , such as Main Street vs. Wall Street , big business vs. small business or big banks vs. small banks , we are indiscriminately blaming the good and the bad ?
this is simply another form of ignorance and prejudice , " Dimon wrote .
DETROIT --
The Detroit Red Wings will make a couple of lineup changes tonight as they try to stave off elimination against the San Jose Sharks in Game 4 of the Western Conference semifinals .
Forward Mattias Ritola is expected to make his playoff debut , replacing Jason Williams .
And on defense , Andreas Lilja will go back in for Brett Lebda .
Ritola is expected to play on a line with Justin Abdelkader , his former linemate on the Grand Rapids Griffins , and Kris Draper .
" It 's real exciting .
I 've been waiting for it .
It feels great to be in , '' Ritola said .
" I played with Abby all year when he got down there .
Hopefully I 'll get in and grind the D out and keep holding onto the puck and take the play to the net and create some scoring chances . ''
Ritola ( 6 - foot , 192 ) provides a little more grit than Williams .
" Keep it simple , get the puck deep , '' Ritola said .
" I played seven games here this year , that 's going to help me a lot . ''
Ritola , 23 , had 19 goals , 23 assists and 50 penalty minutes in 73 games this season with the Griffins .
He had 41 goals and 65 assists in 211 games during his three years in Grand Rapids .
He is a restricted free agent who likely will be re-signed after the season .
But he must earn a roster spot with the Red Wings next season because he is out of minor league options and would need to clear waivers to be send down to the AHL .
The Red Wings had an optional skate Thursday , and almost all of the regulars did not practice .
They might make one switch on their top two lines , as Valtteri Filppula practiced with Pavel Datsyuk and Tomas Holmstrom on Wednesday .
So the lines , at least at the start , might look like this :
Filppula - Datsyuk- Holmstrom
Franzen- Zetterberg - Bertuzzi
Miller - Helm - Cleary
Draper - Abdelkader - Ritola
Coach Mike Babcock said Patrick Eaves ( elbow ) is the only player out due to an injury .
So defenseman Brian Rafalski ( back ) is good to go .
Tonight 's referees are Chris Lee and Bill McCreary .
In the middle of a furiously competitive election campaign , it 's no surprise that partisan papers have turned on a political leader who has threatened to change the whole narrative .
Five years ago , we might have had to wait 24 hours before we saw how the general public was reacting .
Now it takes a morning to move the whole story on .
And if you believe that Twitter is any guide to the public mood - a big " if " , of course - many have reacted not just with indifference and scorn to the various attacks , but most powerfully with ridicule .
First thing this morning someone created the #nickcleggsfault hashtag on Twitter - and it immediately caught on as way of ridiculing attacks on the Lib Dem leader .
By lunchtime , it was the third - biggest trending topic ( that 's a measure of interest ) on Twitter around the world ; as I write , dozens more Tweets with the hashtag are appearing every minute .
Here are just a few :
" Just had a giant chocolate eclair with cream .
All # nickcleggsfault "
" We 've run out of houmous # NickCleggsfault "
" Pompey not being allowed to play in Europe. # nickcleggsfault "
" Got rid of the wasp and a new wasp has arrived .
# nickcleggsfault "
" I got my debit card stolen # nickcleggsfault "
The blogosphere too reacted quickly to this morning 's front pages , notably the Conservative blogger Iain Dale .
He called the attacks on Nick Clegg " shameful " , arguing that they would backfire .
His post has attracted a vigorous debate from commenters , many supporting him but plenty also accusing him of naivete .
And there 's also been a robust response to the attacks on the papers from another Conservative blogger .
Benedict Brogan , whose paper the Daily Telegraph carried the revelations about payments into Mr Clegg 's personal account , said the story was just proper scrutiny of a politician , not a smear .
The papers may believe that Twitter is populated by a cappuccino - sipping yoghurt - knitting liberal crowd - and that they have a better grasp of their readers reactions than the digital mob .
And here 's another funny thing : a company which analyses sentiment on Twitter says there is a massive volume of tweets about Nick Clegg and they 're all negative .
But I have a sneaking suspicion that nearly all those tweets contain the #nickcleggsfault hashtag , and that the company 's computers just do n't do irony .
While millions will commemorate the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ this Easter Sunday , only a handful of people could discuss his works in the language of his day : Aramaic .
Nearly all of them live in three Syrian villages , the last outposts in a region largely swept by the Arabic of Islam .
In a bid to preserve its ancient heritage , Syria launched a series of language courses in 2007 to bolster the fading influence of a 3,000 - year - old language that once reigned supreme in the Middle East .
And so it was that an Aramaic institute joined the cluster of buildings that cling to a rocky spine in the village of Malula , about 35 miles northwest of Damascus .
But the program ran into trouble recently , when a Syrian newspaper suggested that the alphabet being used to teach written Aramaic bore an uncanny resemblance to the Hebrew characters found in modern - day Israel .
Worried that a flagship heritage scheme might in any way be associated with the country ’s neighboring enemy , the government - run University of Damascus , which established the institute , acted quickly to freeze the Aramaic program .
“ There were some people in the press trying to cause trouble , ” says George Rezkallah , an elderly villager from Malula who runs the institute .
He is hopeful that classes will be able to resume this summer .
The origins of Aramaic
Speaking from his flat overlooking the village ’s higgledy - piggledy hillside houses , Mr. Rezkallah says that while the two alphabets do have similarities , it is Aramaic which first began using square lettering around the 12th century BC .
The Hebrew now used in Israel , he said , was formulated 700 years later after the restoration of the ancient kingdom of the Jews in the 5th century BC .
“ The Persians adopted Aramaic .
The Babylonians adopted it and so did the Jews .
It then prevailed as the language of the Middle East until 700 AD . ”
David Taylor , author of " The Hidden Pearl : Aramaic Heritage of the Syrian Orthodox Church , " adds that the Jewish people adopted the square Aramaic alphabet – which had become the lingua franca of the entire Middle East from about 700 BC – after they were exiled to Babylon in 587 BC , before which they had used a Palaeo - Hebrew script .
The fact that it has survived in Malula today is nothing short of a “ miracle , ” says Gene Gragg , professor of Near Eastern Languages at the University of Chicago .
“ It would be something of a linguistic tragedy if this splendid survivor were allowed to disappear , ” he added .
It would also be a travesty for Syria , says Dr. Taylor .
“ Aramaic is a constant reminder of the international importance of Syria in the ancient world , when it was a beacon of learning and culture that had a profound impact worldwide , ” he says .
“ It mirrors the cultural , linguistic and religious diversity that has always been of such great importance in Syria and is key to its long - term success . ”
A last remnant of Jesus 's language
Modern branches of the language are still spoken across southeast Turkey , northern Iraq , and northwest Iran .
But the dialect spoken by its inhabitants – as well as the residents of two nearby , mostly Muslim , villages – is the only survivor of Western Aramaic , the closest modern descendant to the language spoken by Jesus and his disciples .
It would , in all probability , have been spoken by the Christian martyr St. Thecla , a disciple of St. Paul whose tomb in Malula draws pilgrims from around the world .
“ It ’s quite extraordinary , ” says Annyck Wustyn , a 63 - year - old visitor from France .
“ In our country , where we are mostly Catholic , Aramaic is like a myth .
Now I know it is a reality . ”
Pushing forward with the program
Undeterred by the move to shut down his Aramaic institute , Rezkallah plans to introduce a new course this summer which , for the first time , will include a textbook using Aramaic to English translations – effectively opening up the institute to non-Arabic speaking students for the first time since it was founded .
According to Rezkallah , the dispute over the Hebrew similarities is still “ being discussed , ” but the institute has trained an extra nine teachers this year in anticipation of an extension of the program .
The new textbook will , however , use Syriac script from the second century BC in lieu of square Aramaic lettering .
For the likes of Atallah Shaib , a young man working in his father ’s restaurant overlooking the rickety houses of Malula , the fight to secure his language ’s future is as important as ever .
“ Aramaic is not a normal language , ” says Mr. Shaib , his rolled - up sleeves revealing a series of inky blue Aramaic tattoos on his forearms .
“ It ’s Jesus Christ ’s language , and that ’s the most important reason why we should keep it alive . ”
Tags
[ An MP3 audio file of this article , read by Steven Ng , is available for download . ]
In the advent of the worst financial crisis seen in decades , there is much to be learned .
Many economists agree that creating false demand will eventually create a bubble and crush a market much faster than the natural economic cycle .
Take for instance the student loan market .
Student loans , subsidized and unsubsidized , allow an 18 - year - old to finance some or all of the next four years of his or her life , including living expenses .
Morally , is it right to allow our children to start their lives immersed in debt ?
In 1992 , Congress increased the amount of money a student can borrow from the federal loan program with the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act .
The act also enabled students defined as " in need " easier access to funding .
Now we see student loans dominating the higher - education industry and accounting for 50 % of all financial - aid packages .
According to FinAid.org , the average range of tuition inflation is normally 8 % annually , and prices have not fallen or stabilized once since 1977 , regardless of economic climate .
In 2004 , the Census Bureau released a report saying private university and college tuition are " up 93 percent from 1990 . "
This symptom may be attributed to cheap and accessible money , and it is becoming an issue now because tuition is still rising but wages have been flat for a decade .
The Department of Education reports having a $ 63.7 billion budget in appropriations for 2010 .
It has also received $ 96.8 billion from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
The department 's website states that " department programs also provide grant , loan , and work - study assistance to more than 14 million post - secondary students . "
That is roughly 4 million short of every college student in the country .
Does this mean that only 22 % of students in the United States have adequate means to pay for college ?
Based on America 's economic model , this statistic should theoretically be impossible .
This means that over 3/4 of Americans attending higher - education institutions are " in need . "
There are benefits to the industry being able to increase prices .
Colleges and universities need to be competitive .
New revenue means that a college or university can afford better professors and improve infrastructure .
It can create new dorms for incoming students and build new facilities to allow better access to labs and campus centers .
The overall quality of a school and the educational services it offers will increase .
Loans and grants are not necessarily a bad thing , but when the amount of money flooding the industry drives up the demand to the point of the former becoming a market essential , there is an influx of risk .
Similarly , healthcare has also enjoyed the fruits of easy money because of the insurance industry .
The added funding for research and development has aided advances in medication and technology .
But third - party funding usually drives prices up because consumer decision is weakened in the economic equation .
Now healthcare is often unaffordable to the independent purchaser .
In most cases , student aid is an immeasurable liability .
The individual 's risk at 18 - years - old cannot be accurately quantified even with a cosigner .
Realistically , no private institution would lend this kind of capital to such a young demographic without credit history .
It also should be noted that reports have shown average college students to carry 4 credit cards and an average balance of $ 3,000 that they can not pay off in full .
This is a small sum compared to the amount they will inherit after a four - year tenure , but it shows that credit is being handed out indiscriminately .
A massive amount of speculation is being placed on the payees with no indication of them being able to afford repayment .
" The risk associated with loan obligations are shifted to the taxpayer .
Consequently , the act removes obligation and creates a moral hazard with the creation of a virtual backstop . "
A boost in educational funding for financing may come at a price .
If the current trend continues , students will increase the amount financed and they will be paying for the majority of their education in loans .
As the January 14 edition of the Economist notes , " only about 400,000 more Americans were employed in December 2009 than in December 1999 , while the population grew by nearly 30 m . "
With an unemployment rate of 10 % ( real figures are closer to 17 % ) , matters look only more ominous .
Millions of students will graduate with the same popular majors and compete for fewer jobs because a significant amount of manufacturing and industry has left the United States .
The supply of students entering the job market will be endless , and businesses will lower the base pay of new employees because of their abundance .
The other scenario is that businesses will not hire them at all because they are fully staffed , thus creating a bottleneck in the job market .
Unemployment , Social Security , and Medicare will all suffer from the supply and demand effects of this type of crisis .
State and city universities will not be able to handle every student but they may remain the most inexpensive way of obtaining a diploma .
City University of New York has reported a 77.5 % increase in transfer students in the last year .
This is a sign of education becoming unaffordable .
Without major state funding or tuition increases CUNY 's infrastructure will not be able to handle the capacity of incoming students .
It is difficult to come to a reasonable assessment on how to address an impending student - loan crisis .
Candidates running on a platform of limiting financial aid or reducing the Department of Education will be writing a political death sentence for themselves .
The recent Health Care and Education Reconciliation
Act of 2010 will end subsidies for student aid to private lenders .
This will make it easier for students to shop for a loan by going directly to the source but will only address who controls the market and has no effect on the economics of tuition cost .
Payments will have a threshold of 10 % of a graduate 's disposable income and will be forgiven after 20 years while a public servant will be forgiven after ten .
The risk associated with loan obligations are shifted to the taxpayer .
Consequently , the act removes obligation and creates a moral hazard with the creation of a virtual backstop .
With the combination of this backstop and decreasing wages because of an oversupply of workers , the result can only perpetuate default .
This bursting bubble will be massive and will affect other major industries such as housing , auto , and credit .
Because of the ease of obtaining these types of loans and leniency in repayment terms , the postsecondary education industry may possibly raise tuition at a faster rate .
There lies no risk for a college or university .
As long as prices are met , schools can charge whatever the market is willing to pay .
Keeping up with the rising costs will be difficult to do because public funding will have to increase exponentially relative to tuition .
In conclusion , we see that the theory of scholastic financial assistance through government intervention does not perform as advertised .
The program will actually only hurt the people it is trying to help .
Parents are no longer able to save for their child 's college years because postsecondary education price inflation is exponentially higher than the savings rate .
This forces more and more students to go into debt before they earn their first professional dollar .
It will eventually be disruptive to the economy and will have a massive impact on other industries .
Furthermore , debt forgiveness is a moral hazard that means that the debtor has no real obligation and the taxpayer is now responsible .
Whether the student - loan industry is run by the American government or by subsidized lending institutions , the business model is flawed and will continue to force prices upward regardless of whether it makes economic sense .
Good times , eh? Michael Graham Richard examines the question ahead of the summer :
Aside from making it impossible for surface ships to stick around the site and work on fixing the well and capturing as much oil as possible , a hurricane would violently spread the oil everywhere in the Gulf and maybe even help it reach the loop current .
This could bring some oil all the way over Florida and up the East coast of North - America .
Chris Mooney also investigates :
At least one forecast team puts the chance of a strong hurricane hammering some part of the Gulf Coast this year at 44 percent , and any such storm would threaten to disrupt ongoing containment or environmental protection measures .
In an absolute worst - case scenario , powerful hurricane winds might drive the oil slick towards land and push some of it ashore with the ensuing storm surge .
A silver lining :
A hurricane of sufficient force might cause enough ocean mixing to help disperse and " weather " the oil slick , which could in turn speed up the process of biodegradation .
Larry O'Hanlon talks to some scientists .
( Photo : Oil stains an island in the Barataria Bay on May 24 , 2010 on the Gulf coast of Louisiana .
The island is home to thousands of brown pelicans , egrets and roseate spoonbills , many of which are now stained by oil .
Officials now say that it may be impossible to clean the hundreds of miles of coastal wetlands and islands affected by the massive oil spill which continues gushing in the Gulf of Mexico .
By John Moore / Getty Images . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
I wanted to take a moment to thank you for the stand , that was SUCH a lifesaver , I really appreciate you and your staff !
Your technicians were amazing and very patient with our decision - making process .
You all went above and beyond and exceptional service is something I hope you and your team are proud of .
Thanks again and I look forward to working with you again in the future .
Facilities Project Manager , West Region , First Service Residential
Two eagles lie in the snow after falling during an aerial courting ritual gone awry in Valdez , Alaska .
The surviving female bird is recovering from injuries .
The male died in the impact .
( ( Bob Benda / Associated Press ) )
An acrobatic display of passion proved too much for a pair of eagles engaged in a mating dance over Alaska 's Prince William Sound .
The female bird is recovering from an injured wing and other injuries sustained when the couple slammed beak first into a hard snowbank in what her rescuers believe was an aerial courting ritual gone awry .
The male eagle died in the impact , which left the birds buried upside down a metre in the snow in the town of Valdez .
It 's mating season for eagles , which perform an elaborate ritual where they clasp talons and spiral toward the ground .
This pair probably got caught up in the throes of the moment , said Bob Benda , a bird rescuer and biology professor at Prince William Sound Community College who was among those responding to the Easter Sunday crash .
" They just lose track of what they 're doing and do n't know how close they are to the ground , " he said .
" It 's raging hormones or something . "
But most eagles fling themselves back to reality instead of diving through a crunchy layer of snow .
In this case , the male landed next to the female .
If the talons had been locked , they were now separated , possibly thrust apart by the velocity of the landing .
Bob Benda , a bird rescuer and biology professor at Prince William Sound Community College , took this picture of a female eagle who fell into the snow in Valdez , Alaska .
( ( Bob Benda / Associated Press ) )
Benda said he thought both eagles had died but then noticed the female was breathing .
He helped arrange the eagle 's transfer to the Anchorage - based Bird Treatment and Learning Center , where she is slowly emerging from shock .
" She is less dazed and confused every day , " said Cindy Palmatier , the centre 's rehabilitation director .
" She had this inward stare the first couple days . "
Judging by the bird 's initial condition , Benda is amazed it 's still among the living .
The eagle had no broken bones , but she was severely traumatized , almost in a zombie state .
The day being Easter , Benda took the bird home and figured he would keep her warm and comfortable in a crate in his heated garage until the end came .
The next morning , she was still breathing and moving a wing , and by that night , she was being flown to Anchorage .
" I did n't see how she could survive , but now I 'm so happy she did , " Benda said .
Possible head trauma
At the rehabilitation centre Friday , the eagle 's head swivelled back and forth as she checked out some visitors .
A few days earlier , she would have paid no attention to them , said Palmatier , who believes her patient suffered head trauma .
The bird also showed no interest in food , but now is eating salmon and caribou meat , and has been taken off pain medications .
But her left wing visibly droops and Palmatier said if there is significant ligament damage , there 's a chance the eagle might not be able to fly again .
But it 's too early to tell and there 's at least a month at the centre still to come .
Ultimately , Palmatier hopes the eagle can be released back to the wild in Valdez .
She 's not too worried about any psychological effects from the loss of the bird 's partner .
" I like to say they may mate for life , but they mourn for a moment , " Palmatier said .
" They get over it pretty quick . "
The California Human Rights Amendment needs your help URGENT : Will you collect ten signatures to help ?
Collect just ten signatures by April 15 !
April 8 , 2010
Dear ,
The California Human Rights Amendment will amend the California Constitution to define human rights beginning at biological development ( e.g. conception ) , and it will ensure that a preborn baby of any age has the same equal rights and full protection under law as adults .
This initiative will protect the most vulnerable members of our society - our preborn children .
In California , 1.2 million petition signatures are needed by April 15 in order to qualify for the November election .
How can you help ?
Please print the California Human Rights Amendment petition and collect 10 - 20 signatures from California registered voters .
Please call ( 800 ) 836 4937 to order petitions if you 'd rather not download / print .
Mail the petition back by April 15 ( mailing address is located on the bottom of petition ) .
Tell fellow Christians about this important initiative .
Thank you for your efforts to defend the life of the pre-born .
AFA is glad to join with the California Human Rights Amendment Team in encouraging you to become a petitioner on behalf of unborn children .
For more information on how you can join the effort , call ( 800 ) 836 4937 or visit www.CaliforniaHumanRightsAmendment.com.
Sincerely ,
Tim Wildmon , President
American Family Association
Message AAvery
08:41 Mon 5/10/2010
Good Morning Ratebeerians ,
Glad to see there are no sour ratings for the Black Tot on ratebeer.com , but since I responded to a thread on beeradvocate.com regarding some issues with the beer being sour , I thought I would share the exact information I posted on their thread .
Due to the character restriction on ratebeer.com , I have split the post into two different posts .
Hey all ,
Well , this thread is quite the eye - opener for my crew and myself here at Avery Brewing Company .
It obviously grabbed our attention and deserves a full disclosure response .
We were in a meeting about it for most of yesterday !
First and foremost , I ’d like to start off by apologizing to those who have been less than pleased with Black Tot .
Hate to read things like “ drain pour ” and I am sorry for those experiences .
We will absolutely take care of each and everyone who has experienced “ off ” or “ sour ” bottles of Black Tot .
This release from our Barrel – Aged Series was definitely not intended to be a sour or wild ale .
We created it with the intention of blending great rum flavor into an Imperial Oatmeal Stout producing a silky smooth , complex and one - of - a - kind beer .
You know , what we do here at Avery !
Here is our plan to make things right :
Please send empty bottle (s ) to :
Avery Brewing Company
Attn : Adam Avery
5763 Arapahoe Ave. unit E
Boulder , Co 80303
As it is technically illegal to ship beer in many states ( though I know it ’s done all the time ) , please send empty bottles only .
I ’d hate to further your problems with any chance of getting in trouble for shipping the beer back to us .
Please add , inside the package , a return address and email address .
I will email each of you to talk about your preferred compensation and about your experience to gain more insight to our problem .
We ’re obviously working on the honor system here but feel we ’re dealing with a very honest crowd : you ( the lover and ardent supporter of small , artisanal craft brewers like us ) , who are willing to spend big bucks on bodacious creations .
As always , please feel free to contact me at [ email protected ] or call 303-440-4324 to discuss this issue or anything else you might want to address .
We have also contacted the seven distributors that we sold Black Tot to and instructed them to collect any remaining bottles from their individual markets .
They all assured me that they had not heard any complaints but we feel it best that we take it off the market .
The post continues below ...
Message AAvery
08:42 Mon 5/10/2010
The continuation ...
So let ’s talk about what the hell is going on with this beer !
I intend to be very transparent and forth coming on our procedures and protocol here with regard to the Black Tot and the Barrel - Aged Series in general .
We feel we have great quality control measures in place and we are , quite frankly , mystified at the seemingly random bottles of sour Black Tot in the market .
As frequent visitors to BeerAdvocate and RateBeer ( your feedback is an awesome resource for us and the brewing industry ) we have noticed that the great majority of raters have enjoyed Black Tot .
As have we !!
Here is the lab protocol we used for Black Tot :
We plate each and every barrel twice throughout the aging process .
We found no growth of beer spoilers in any barrel .
We blended the barrels into a stainless tank and let stand for 50 days at fermentation temperature ( 70 F ) to encourage any last fermentation or growth from potential beer spoilers .
There was none .
The plates were clean .
As you know , it is impossible to sterilize wooden barrels so the possibility of infection is always a fear .
This is why we wait so long to bottle our Barrel - Aged Series offerings .
Many random bottles throughout the bottling run were also plated in our lab .
All were clean .
No beer spoilers were grown .
Many random bottles throughout the bottling run are placed in a “ hot box ” to encourage any potential beer spoilers to grow .
No growth and none of these bottles tasted sour .
To the contrary , they aged remarkably well in adverse conditions .
So we released the beer with confidence that we had a very stable product within those bottles .
And , we felt , quite tasty .
So why the hell are some bottles sour and others perfectly fine ?
We wish we had a definitive answer for all of you but we have to admit , at this time , we simply do not know .
We have added more testing to the mix in our lab and are sending out bottles to larger labs with more capabilities than ours .
In the past two days , we have received bottles back from customers that range from perfectly fine to slightly sour to full on sour .
pH on the sour bottles are 4.0 and 4.4 on non-sour .
So we have a random infection of an acid producing organism of some sort .
Hopefully our lab or an out - sourced lab can give us definitive answers in a few days .
Too bad we did n’t label it as a black sour as I , along with a few others , actually enjoy it .
But as stated earlier , it was not designed as a sour .
If you open a bottle expecting an Imperial Oatmeal Stout with rum character , you ’d be sadly disappointed with the contents of those random sour bottles .
To those that this happened to , I again , humbly apologize .
Our advice , as a precaution , is to drink any remaining bottles that you have immediately .
We feel is not worth the risk to continue cellaring
Black Tot .
I hope you can forgive us and continue supporting us in our quest for creating even more adventurous and unconventional beers in our Barrel - Aged Series .
We are definitely going to learn a lot from this experience and will introduce new protocol to further ensure we do not have this problem in the future .
To all , have a great weekend !
Hope you involve some of our beer !
Adam Avery
President / Brewmaster
Avery Brewing Company
Message Frank
beers 4441 º places 92 º 08:53 Mon 5/10/2010
Have n’t tried Black
Tot sour or otherwise but I just wanted to say that I appreciate you being open and honest about it and actively addressing the issue .
Message darkguardian
beers 734 º places 2 º 08:53 Mon 5/10/2010
Ironically I ’d love to try a sour black tot ....
Message TheAlum
beers 7164 º places 10 º 08:57 Mon 5/10/2010
Originally posted by tarheels86
I kind of want the soured version now
+ 1 . Had the regular non -sour . +1 . Had the regular non -sour .
Message CanIHave4Beers
P beers 4324 º places 76 º 09:01 Mon 5/10/2010
Originally posted by FlssmrBrewAlum
Originally posted by tarheels86
I kind of want the soured version now
+ 1 . Had the regular non -sour .
I wish there was some way to know which bottles were sour .
I ’d love it if they could re-release em ’ with a big ol ’ sticker across the label that says SOURED .
I wish there was some way to know which bottles were sour .
I ’d love it if they could re-release em ’ with a big ol ’ sticker across the label that says SOURED .
Message darkguardian
beers 734 º places 2 º 09:06 Mon 5/10/2010
Originally posted by CanIHave4Beers
Originally posted by FlssmrBrewAlum
Originally posted by tarheels86
I kind of want the soured version now
+ 1 . Had the regular non -sour .
I wish there was some way to know which bottles were sour .
I ’d love it if they could re-release em ’ with a big ol ’ sticker across the label that says SOURED .
Heh , ala Baladin .
Heh , ala Baladin .
WOMEN : Republican - Democrat or Beauty and the Beasts ( Video )
Sometimes you have to choose between beauty and brains .
Click here to watch the video then choose .
Remember you have to watch parts one and two to make a fair comparison .
The 80 most beautiful bridges of the world ( Photos )
The Celts
The term Celts ( pronounced " kelts " or " selts " ) were an Indo - European and ethno- linguistically diverse group of tribal societies in Iron Age and Roman - era Europe who spoke Celtic languages .
The earliest archaeological culture that may justifiably be considered as Proto - Celtic is the Late Bronze Age Urnfield culture of central Europe from the last quarter of the second millennium BC .
Their fully Celtic descendants in central Europe were the people of the Iron Age Hallstatt culture ( c. 800 - 450 BC ) named for the rich grave finds in Hallstatt , Austria .
By the later La Tene period ( c. 450 BC up to the Roman conquest ) , this Celtic culture had expanded over a wide range of regions , whether by diffusion or migration : to the British Isles ( Insular Celts ) , France and The Low Countries ( Gauls ) , much of Central Europe , the Iberian Peninsula ( Celtiberians , Celtici and Gallaeci ) and northern Italy ( Golaseccans and Cisalpine Gauls ) and following the Gallic invasion of the Balkans in 279 BC as far east as central Anatolia ( Galatians ) .
The earliest directly attested examples of a Celtic language are the Lepontic inscriptions , beginning from the 6th century BC .
Continental Celtic languages are attested only in inscriptions and place - names .
Insular Celtic is attested from about the 4th century in ogham inscriptions , although it is clearly much earlier .
Literary tradition begins with Old Irish from about the 8th century .
Coherent texts of Early Irish literature , such as the Tain Bo Cuailnge ( The Cattle Raid of Cooley ) , survive in 12th - century recensions .
By mid 1st millennium AD , following the expansion of the Roman Empire and the Great Migrations ( Migration Period ) of Germanic peoples , Celtic culture and Insular Celtic had become restricted to Ireland , to the western and northern parts of Great Britain ( Wales , Scotland , Cornwall and the Isle of Man ) , and to northern France ( Brittany ) .
Between the fifth and eighth centuries the Celtic - speaking communities of the Atlantic regions had emerged as a reasonably cohesive cultural entity .
In language , religion , and art they shared a common heritage that distinguished them from the culture of surrounding polities .
The Continental Celtic languages ceased to be widely used by the 6th century .
Insular Celtic culture diversified into that of the Gaels ( Irish , Scottish and Manx ) and the Brythonic Celts ( Welsh , Cornish , and Bretons ) of the medieval and modern periods .
A modern " Celtic identity " was constructed in the context of the Romanticist Celtic Revival in Great Britain , Ireland , and other European territories , such as Galicia .
Today Irish , Scottish Gaelic , Welsh , and Breton remain spoken in parts of their historical territories , and both Cornish and Manx are currently undergoing revival .
Celts refers to any of a number of ancient peoples in Europe using the Celtic languages , which form a branch of Indo - European languages , as well as others whose language is unknown but where associated cultural traits such as Celtic art are found in archaeological evidence .
Historical theories were developed that these factors were indicative of a common origin , but later theories of culture spreading to differing indigenous peoples have recently been supported by genetic studies .
Though the spread of the Roman empire led to continental Celts adopting Roman culture , the development of Celtic Christianity in Ireland and Britain brought an early medieval renaissance of Celtic art between 400 and 1200 .
Antiquarian interest from the 17th century led to the term Celt being developed , and rising nationalism brought Celtic revivals from the 19th century in areas where the use of Celtic languages had continued .
Today , " Celtic " is often used to describe the languages and respective cultures of Ireland , Scotland , Wales , Cornwall , the Isle of Man and the French region of Brittany , as many of the people in these regions have Celtic ancestry ( see the Modern Celts article ) , but correctly corresponds to the Celtic language family - in which are still spoken : Scottish , Irish and Manx ( Gaelic languages ) and Welsh , Breton and Cornish ( Brythonic languages ) .
Origins and Geographical Distribution
The Celtic language family is a branch of the larger Indo - European family , which leads some scholars to a hypothesis that the original speakers of the Celtic proto- language may have arisen in the Pontic - Caspian steppes .
However , as the Celts enter history from around 600 BC , they are already split into several languages groups , and spread over much of Central Europe , the Iberian peninsula , Ireland and Britain , and studies now suggest that some of the Celtic peoples - including the ancestors of all the modern Celtic nations - had a largely pre-Celtic genetic ancestry , shared with the Basque people and possibly going back to the Palaeolithic .
Some scholars think that the Urnfield culture represents an origin for the Celts as a distinct cultural branch of the Indo - European family .
This culture was preeminent in central Europe during the late Bronze Age , from ca. 1200 BC until 700 BC , itself following the Unetice and Tumulus cultures .
The Urnfield period saw a dramatic increase in population in the region , probably due to innovations in technology and agricultural practices .
The spread of iron - working led to the development of the Hallstatt culture directly from the Urnfield ( c. 700 to 500 BC ) .
Proto -Celtic , the latest common ancestor of all known Celtic languages , is thought to have been spoken at the time of the late Urnfield or early Hallstatt cultures , in the early 1st millennium BC .
The spread of the Celtic languages to Britain and to Iberia would have occurred during the first half of the 1st millennium , the earliest chariot burials in Britain dating to ca. 500 BC .
Over the centuries they developed into the separate Celtiberian , Goidelic and Brythonic languages .
Whether Goidelic and Brythonic are descended from a common Insular - Celtic language , or if they reflect two separate waves of migration is disputed .
The La Tene culture , in any case , can be associated with the Gauls , but it is entirely too late for a candidate for the Proto - Celtic culture .
The Hallstatt culture was succeeded by the La T�ne culture , and during the final stages of the Iron Age gradually transformed into the explicitly Celtic culture of early historical times .
The La T�ne culture was distributed around the upper reaches of the Danube , Switzerland , Austria , southern and central Germany , eastern France , Bohemia and Moravia , and parts of Hungary .
The technologies , decorative practices and metal - working styles of the La T�ne were to be very influential on the continental Celts .
The La T�ne style was highly derivative from the Greek , Etruscan and Scythian decorative styles with whom the La T�ne settlers frequently traded .
Additional forays into Greece and central Italy during the historical period did not result in settlement , though the same movement that brought Celtic invaders to Greece pushed on through to Anatolia , where they settled as the Galatians .
As there is no archaeological evidence for large scale invasions in some of the other areas , one current school of thought holds that Celtic language and culture spread to those areas by contact rather than invasion .
However , the Celtic invasions of Italy , Greece , and western Anatolia are well documented in Greek and Latin history .
Stonehenge and the other megalithic monuments long predate the Iron Age Celtic culture , but Genetic evidence indicates that the Celtic populations of the Atlantic Archipelago have been relatively stable for at least 6,000 years , in which case the modern Celts would be the direct descendants of their builders .
There is no evidence that they used these sites as areas of worship from the Iron Age on , however , and indeed most evidence suggest that the Druidic Celtic religion ( s ) preferred to use groves of Oak trees as places of worship .
The connection between these monuments and the Celts largely stems from 18th century romantics such as William Stuckeley .
Celts in Ireland and Britain
The indigenous populations of Britain and Ireland today are primarily descended from the ancient peoples that have always inhabited these lands .
As to their culture , little is known but remnants remain primarily in the naming of certain geographical features , such as the rivers Clyde , Tamar , Thames and Tyne .
By the Roman period most of the inhabitants of the isles of Ireland and Great Britain ( the ancient Britons ) were speaking Goidelic or Brythonic languages , close counterparts to Gaulish languages spoken on the European mainland .
Historians explained this as the result of successive invasions from the European continent by diverse Celtic - speaking peoples over the course of several centuries .
In 1946 the Celtic scholar T. F. O'Rahilly published his extremely influential model of the early history of Ireland which postulated four separate waves of Celtic invaders .
What languages were spoken by the peoples Ireland and Britain before the arrival of the Celts is unknown .
Later research indicated that the language and culture had developed gradually and continuously , and in Ireland no archaeological evidence was found for large intrusive groups of Celtic immigrants , suggesting to historians such as Colin Renfrew that the native Late Bronze Age inhabitants gradually absorbed influences to create " Celtic " culture .
The very few continental La T�ne culture style objects which had been found in Ireland could have been imports , or the possessions of a few rich immigrants .
Julius Caesar had written of people in Britain who came from Belgium ( the Belgae ) , but archaeological evidence which was interpreted in the 1930s as confirming this was contradicted by later interpretations and it was suggested that there might have been only a handful of �lite Belgae in Britain .
In the 1970s this model was popularised by Colin Burgess in his book The Age of Stonehenge which theorised that Celtic culture in Great Britain " emerged " rather than resulted from invasion and that the Celts were not invading aliens , but the descendants of the people of Stonehenge .
More recently a number of genetic studies have supported this model of culture being absorbed by native populations .
The study by Cristian Capelli , David Goldstein and others at University College , London showed that genes associated with Gaelic names in Ireland and Scotland are also common in Wales , Cornwall and most parts England , and are similar to the genes of the Basque people , who speak a non-Indo - European language .
This similarity supported earlier findings in suggesting a largely pre-Celtic genetic ancestry , possibly going back to the Paleolithic .
They suggest that ' Celtic ' culture and the Celtic language were imported to Britain by cultural contact not mass invasions , either by Indo - Europeans bringing farming or by Celts in 600 BC .
Some recent studies have suggested that , contrary to long - standing beliefs , the Teuton tribes did not wipe out the Romano - British of England but rather , over the course of six centuries , conquered the native Brythonic people of what is now England and south east Scotland and imposed their culture and language upon them , in a manner similar to the Irish spread over the west of Scotland .
Roman Influence
Gallo - Roman figures found in Ingelheim
At the dawn of history in Europe , the Celts in present - day France were known as Gauls .
Their descendants were described by Julius Caesar in his Gallic Wars .
There was also an early Celtic presence in northern Italy .
Other Celtic tribes invaded Italy , establishing there a city they called Mediolanum ( modern Milan ) and sacking Rome itself in 390 BC following the Battle of the Allia .
A century later the defeat of the combined Samnite , Celtic and Etruscan alliance by the Romans in the Third Samnite War sounded the end of the Celtic domination in Europe , but it was not until 192 BC that the Roman armies conquered the last remaining independent Celtic kingdoms in Italy .
Under Caesar the Romans conquered Celtic Gaul , and from Claudius onward the Roman empire absorbed parts of the Celtic British Isles .
Roman local government of these regions closely mirrored pre-Roman ' tribal ' boundaries , and archaeological finds suggest native involvement in local government .
Latin was the official language of these regions after the conquests .
The native peoples under Roman rule became Romanized and keen to adopt Roman ways .
Celtic art had already incorporated classical influences , and surviving Gallo - Roman pieces interpret classical subjects or keep faith with old traditions despite a Roman overlay .
Roman influence lead directly to the decline of the druidic priests .
Prior to Roman conquests , the druids exercised enormous spiritual and political power among the celtic peoples .
The druidic religion was seen as a major impediment to the " Romanization " of the newly conquered celts .
Thus began a deliberate policy on the part of the Roman conquerors to replace the old celtic political structure with Roman institutions .
The elimination of the druidic class was instrumental to cementing Roman authority .
This led the birth of many Romano - celtic deities , as old celtic gods took on new latin names and aspects of Roman divinities , and began to be worshipped alongside the more traditional Jovian pantheon .
Gallo - Roman Culture describes the Romanized culture of Gaul under the rule of the Roman Empire .
This was characterized by the Gaulish adoption or adaptation of Roman mores and way of life in a uniquely Gaulish context .
The well - studied meld of cultures in Gaul give historians a model against which to compare and contrast parallel developments of Romanization in other , less - studied Roman provinces .
Celtic Christianity Celtic Cross
While the regions under Roman rule adopted Christianity along with the rest of the Roman empire , unconquered areas of Ireland and Scotland moved from Celtic polytheism to Christianity in the 5th century .
Ireland was converted under missionaries from Britain , such as Patrick .
Later missionaries from Ireland were a major source of missionary work in Scotland , Saxon parts of Britain , and central Europe ( see Hiberno - Scottish mission ) .
The term Celtic Christianity has been applied to the forms of Christianity that took hold in Britain and Ireland at this time , with especial reference to its traditions that were distinct from the rest of Western Christianity .
The development of Christianity in Ireland and Britain brought an early medieval renaissance of Celtic art between 390 and 1200 AD .
Many of the styles now thought of as typically " Celtic " developed in this period , and are found throughout much of Ireland and Britain , including the northeast and far north of Scotland , Orkney and Shetland .
Notable works produced during this period include the Book of Kells and the Ardagh Chalice .
Antiquarian interest from the 17th century led to the term Celt being extended , and rising nationalism brought Celtic revivals from the 19th century .
Celts Pushed west by Germanic Migration
Celts were pushed westwards by successive waves of Germanic invaders , perhaps themselves at times pressured by Huns and Scythians or simply population pressures in their homeland of Scandinavia and Northern Germany .
With the fall of the Roman Empire the Celts of Gaul , Iberia and Britannia were " conquered " by tribes speaking Germanic languages .
Elsewhere , the Celtic populations were assimilated by others , leaving behind them only a legend and a number of place names such as Bohemia , after the Boii tribe which once lived there , or the Kingdom of Belgium , after the Belgae , a Celtic tribe of Northern Gaul and south - eastern England .
Their mythology has been absorbed into the folklore of half a dozen other countries .
For instance , the famous Medieval English Arthurian tale of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight is almost certainly partially derived from the medieval Irish text Fled Bricrend ( The Feast of Bricriu ) .
Argument rages in the academic world as to whether the Celts in England were mostly wiped out / pushed west as the lack of evidence for influence of the Celts on Anglo - Saxon society suggests , or whether the Teuton migration consisted merely of the social elite and that the genocide was cultural rather than physical due to such relatively few numbers of Anglo - Saxons mixing with the far larger native population , enabled to do so due to the civil strife in Britain after the Roman withdrawal and the unity of the incoming invaders .
Some recent DNA studies have suggested that the population of England maintains a predominately ancient British element , equal in most parts to Cornwall and Wales .
The general indigenous population of Yorkshire , East Anglia and the Orkney and Shetland Islands are those populations with the least traces of ancient British continuation .
Ironically , it may be Viking genetic influence and not Anglo - Saxon which has had a more profound impact on British bloodlines .
Celtic Religious Patterns
Although Celtic gods varied from region to region and tribe to tribe , the Celtic religion had some patterns .
Celtic polytheism or Celtic paganism , refers to the religious beliefs and practices adhered to by the Iron Age peoples of Western Europe now known as the Celts , roughly between 500 BCE and 500 CE , spanning the La Tene period and the Roman era , and in the case of the Insular Celts the British and Irish Iron Age .
Celtic polytheism was one of a larger group of Iron Age polytheistic religions of the Indo - European family .
It comprised a large degree of variation both geographically and chronologically , although " behind this variety , broad structural similarities can be detected " allowing there to be " a basic religious homogeneity " amongst the Celtic peoples .
The Celtic pantheon consists of numerous recorded theonyms , both from Greco - Roman ethnography and from epigraphy .
Among the most prominent ones are Teutatis , Taranis and Lugus .
Figures from medieval Irish mythology have also been adduced by comparative mythology , interpreted as euhemerized versions of pre-Christian Insular deities .
The most salient feature of Celtic religion as reflected in Roman historiography is their extensive practice of human sacrifice , According to Greek and Roman accounts , in Gaul , Britain and Ireland , there was a priestly caste of " magico- religious specialists " known as the druids , although very little is definitely known about them .
Following the Roman Empire 's conquest of Gaul ( 58 - 51 BCE ) and southern Britannia ( 43 CE ) , Celtic religious practices began to display elements of Romanisation , resulting in a syncretic Gallo - Roman culture , with its own religious traditions with its own large set of deities , such as Cernunnos , Artio , Telesphorus , etc .
In the later 5th and the 6th centuries , Christianity became the dominant faith in the Celtic area , supplanting earlier religious traditions .
However , it left a legacy in many of the Celtic nations , influencing later mythology , and served as the basis for a new religious movement , Celtic Neopaganism , in the 20th century .
For example like Mediterranean cultures most early Celts worshipped in sacred groves .
This was once postulated to have occurred because of Celts trading with Mediterranean cultures ; however , evidence from Hallstatt era finds show that the earliest Celts practiced this before such trade took place .
More reasonably , it is a byproduct of most primitive religion to worship in such a way .
However , La Tene Celts also built temples of varying size and shape , though they still usually maintained sacred trees , or votive pools .
Worship was , in this way , deferred to temples , when they were available .
Numerous temples were converted by the Romans , and with little difficulty ; the design was rather similar to Roman temples , as they were both highly influenced by the Greeks , architecturally speaking .
Their druid influences vary ; a druid is not always a priest .
Druids are any members of a Celtic society who had what we would view today as a college education .
The most educated druids were usually doctors , priests , and heralds , as these occupations required the most memorization and skill for their practices .
Celtic Social System
The pre-Christian Celts had a well - organized social structure , based on class and kinship , with the religion we call Celtic polytheism .
Elected Kings led the tribes , and society was divided into three groups : a warrior aristocracy , an intellectual class including druids , poets , and jurists , and everyone else .
Women participated both in warfare and in kingship , and all the offices of high and low kings were filled by election under the system of tanistry , both factors which would confuse Norman writers expecting the feudal principle of primogeniture where the succession goes to the first born son .
Little is known of family structure , but Athenaeus in his Deipnosophists , 13.603 , claims that " the Celts , in spite of the fact that their women are very beautiful , prefer boys as sexual partners .
There are some of them who will regularly go to bed - on those animal skins of theirs Ğ with a pair of lovers , " implying with a woman and a boy .
Celtic Society
To the extent that sources are available , they depict a pre-Christian Celtic social structure based formally on class and kingship .
Patron - client relationships similar to those of Roman society are also described by Caesar and others in the Gaul of the 1st century BC .
In the main , the evidence is of tribes being led by kings , although some argue that there is also evidence of oligarchical republican forms of government eventually emerging in areas which had close contact with Rome .
Most descriptions of Celtic societies portray them as being divided into three groups : a warrior aristocracy ; an intellectual class including professions such as druid , poet , and jurist ; and everyone else .
In historical times , the offices of high and low kings in Ireland and Scotland were filled by election under the system of tanistry , which eventually came into conflict with the feudal principle of primogeniture in which succession goes to the first born son .
Little is known of family structure among the Celts .
Patterns of settlement varied from decentralized to urban .
The popular stereotype of non-urbanised societies settled in hillforts and duns , drawn from Britain and Ireland ( there are about 3,000 hill forts known in Britain ) contrasts with the urban settlements present in the core Hallstatt and La Tene areas , with the many significant oppida of Gaul late in the first millennium BC , and with the towns of Gallia Cisalpina .
Slavery , as practiced by the Celts , was very likely similar to the better documented practice in ancient Greece and Rome .
Slaves were acquired from war , raids , and penal and debt servitude .
Slavery was hereditary , though manumission was possible .
The Old Irish word for slave , cacht , and the Welsh term caeth are likely derived from the Latin captus , captive , suggesting that slave trade was an early venue of contact between Latin and Celtic societies .
In the Middle Ages , slavery was especially prevalent in the Celtic countries .
Manumissions were discouraged by law and the word for " female slave " , cumal , was used as a general unit of value in Ireland .
Archaeological evidence suggests that the pre-Roman Celtic societies were linked to the network of overland trade routes that spanned Eurasia .
Archaeologists have discovered large prehistoric trackways crossing bogs in Ireland and Germany .
Due to their substantial nature , these are believed to have been created for wheeled transport as part of an extensive roadway system that facilitated trade .
The territory held by the Celts contained tin , lead , iron , silver and gold .
Celtic smiths and metalworkers created weapons and jewelery for international trade , particularly with the Romans .
The myth that the Celtic monetary system consisted of wholly barter is a common one , but is in part false .
The monetary system was complex and is still not understood ( much like the late Roman coinages ) , and due to the absence of large numbers of coin items , it is assumed that " proto - money " was used .
This is the collective term used to describe bronze items made from the early La Tene period onwards , which were often in the shape of axeheads , rings , or bells .
Due to the large number of these present in some burials , it is thought they had a relatively high monetary value , and could be used for " day to day " purchases .
Low - value coinages of potin , a bronze alloy with high tin content , were minted in most Celtic areas of the continent and in South - East Britain prior to the Roman conquest of these lands .
Higher - value coinages , suitable for use in trade , were minted in gold , silver , and high - quality bronze .
Gold coinage was much more common than silver coinage , despite being worth substantially more , as while there were around 100 mines in Southern Britain and Central France , silver was more rarely mined .
This was due partly to the relative sparsity of mines and the amount of effort needed for extraction compared to the profit gained .
As the Roman civilization grew in importance and expanded its trade with the Celtic world , silver and bronze coinage became more common .
This coincided with a major increase in gold production in Celtic areas to meet the Roman demand , due to the high value Romans put on the metal .
The large number of gold mines in France is thought to be a major reason why Caesar invaded .
There are only very limited records from pre-Christian times written in Celtic languages .
These are mostly inscriptions in the Roman and sometimes Greek alphabets .
The Ogham script , an Early Medieval alphabet , was mostly used in early Christian times in Ireland and Scotland ( but also in Wales and England ) , and was only used for ceremonial purposes such as inscriptions on gravestones .
The available evidence is of a strong oral tradition , such as that preserved by bards in Ireland , and eventually recorded by monasteries .
The oldest recorded rhyming poetry in the world is of Irish origin and is a transcription of a much older epic poem , leading some scholars to claim that the Celts invented rhyme .
Celtic art also produced a great deal of intricate and beautiful metalwork , examples of which have been preserved by their distinctive burial rites .
In some regards the Atlantic Celts were conservative : for example , they still used chariots in combat long after they had been reduced to ceremonial roles by the Greeks and Romans .
However , despite being outdated , Celtic chariot tactics were able to repel the invasion of Britain attempted by Julius Caesar .
Celtic Mythology
Celtic mythology is the mythology of Celtic polytheism , the apparent religion of the Iron Age Celts .
Like other Iron Age Europeans , the early Celts maintained a polytheistic mythology and religious structure .
Among Celtic peoples in close contact with Rome , such as the Gauls and Celtiberians , their mythology did not survive the Roman empire , their subsequent conversion to Christianity , and the loss of their Celtic languages .
Ironically it is through contemporary Roman and Christian sources that what we do know of their beliefs has come down to us .
In contrast , those Celtic peoples who maintained either their political or linguistic identities ( such as the Gaels and Brythonic tribes of the British Isles ) did transmit at least vestigial remnants of the mythologies of their Iron Age forebears , which were often recorded in written form during the Middle Ages .
Because of the scarcity of surviving materials bearing written Gaulish , it is surmised that the pagan Celts were not widely literate - although a written form of Gaulish using the Greek , Latin and North Italic alphabets were used ( as evidenced by votive items bearing inscriptions in Gaulish and the Coligny Calendar ) .
Caesar attests to the literacy of the Gauls , but also wrote that their priests , the druids , were forbidden to use writing to record certain verses of religious significance ( Caesar , De Bello Gallico 6.14 ) while also noting that the Helvetii had a written census ( Caesar , De Bello Gallico 1.29 ) .
Rome introduced a more widespread habit of public inscriptions , and broke the power of the druids in the areas it conquered ; in fact , most inscriptions to deities discovered in Gaul ( modern France ) , Britain and other formerly ( or presently ) Celtic - speaking areas post - date the Roman conquest .
And although early Gaels in Ireland and parts of modern Wales used the Ogham script to record short inscriptions ( largely personal names ) , more sophisticated literacy was not introduced to Celtic areas not conquered by Rome until the advent of Christianity ; indeed , many Gaelic myths were first recorded by Christian monks , albeit without most of their original religious meanings .
The classic entry about the Celtic gods of Gaul is the section in Julius Caesar 's Commentarii de bello Gallico ( 52Ğ51 BC ; The Gallic War ) .
In this he names the five principal gods worshipped in Gaul ( according to the practice of his time , he gives the names of the closest equivalent Roman gods ) and describes their roles .
Mercury was the most venerated of all the deities and numerous representations of him were to be discovered .
Mercury was seen as the originator of all the arts ( and is often taken to refer to Lugus for this reason ) , the supporter of adventurers and of traders , and the mightiest power concerning trade and profit .
Next the Gauls revered Apollo , Mars , Jupiter , and Minerva .
Among these divinities the Celts are described as holding roughly equal views as did other populations : Apollo dispels sickness , Minerva encourages skills , Jupiter is in charge of the skies , and Mars influences warfare .
In addition to these five , he mentions that the Gauls traced their ancestry to Dis Pater .
As typical of himself as a Roman of the day , though , Caesar does not write of these gods by their Celtic names but by the names of the Roman gods with which he equated them , a process that significantly confuses the chore of identifying these Gaulish gods with their native names in the insular mythologies .
He also portrays a tidy schema which equates deity and role in a manner that is quite unfamiliar to the colloquial literature handed down .
Still , despite the restrictions , his short list is a helpful and fundamentally precise observation .
In balancing his description with the oral tradition , or even with the Gaulish iconography , one is apt to recollect the distinct milieus and roles of these gods .
Caesar 's remarks and the iconography allude to rather dissimilar phases in the history of Gaulish religion .
The iconography of Roman times is part of a setting of great social and political developments , and the religion it depicts may actually have been less obviously ordered than that upheld by the druids ( the priestly order ) in the era of Gaulish autonomy from Rome .
Conversely , the want of order is often more ostensible than factual .
It has , for example , been noticed that out of the several hundred names including a Celtic aspect testified in Gaul the greater part crop up only once .
This has led some scholars to conclude that the Celtic deities and the related cults were local and tribal as opposed to Pan -Celtic .
Proponents of this opinion quote Lucan 's reference to a divinity called Teutates , which they translate as ' tribal spiri't ( * teuta is believed to have meant ' tribe ' in Proto - Celtic ) .
The apparent array of divine names may , nonetheless , be justified differently : many may be mere labels applied to key gods worshiped in extensive Pan-Celtic cults .
The concept of the Celtic pantheon as a large number of local deities is gainsaid by the numerous well - testified gods whose cults seem to have been followed across the Celtic world .
Celtic Deities
Though the Celtic world at its greatest extent covered much of western and central Europe , it was not politically unified nor was there any substantial central source of cultural influence or homogeneity ; as a result , there was a great deal of variation in local practices of Celtic religion ( although certain motifs - for example , the god Lugh - appear to have diffused throughout the Celtic world ) .
Inscriptions to more than three hundred deities , often equated with their Roman counterparts , have survived , but most appear to have been genii locorum , local or tribal gods , and few were widely worshipped .
The nature and functions of these ancient gods can be deduced from their names , the location of their inscriptions , their iconography , the Roman gods they are equated with , and similar figures from later bodies of Celtic mythology .
The oldest body of myths is found in early medieval manuscripts from Ireland .
These were written by Christians , so the formerly divine nature of the characters is obscured .
The basic myth appears to be a war between two apparently divine races , the Tuatha De Danann and the Fomorians , which forms the basis for the text Cath Maige Tuireadh ( the Battle of Mag Tuireadh ) , as well as portions of the great pseudo - historical construct Lebor Gab‡la Erenn ( the Book of Invasions ) .
The Tuatha De represent the functions of human society such as kingship , crafts and war , while the Fomorians represent chaos and wild nature .
The gods of Britain , also obscured by centuries of Christianity , have come down to us in manuscripts from Wales .
Here the two main groups of former gods are the children of Don and the Children of Llyr , although any distinction of function between the two groups is not apparent .
The Dagda
Dagda's Harp
The supreme god of the Celtic pantheon appears to have been the Dagda .
The name means the ' Good God ' , not good in a moral sense , but good at everything , or all - powerful .
The Dagda is a father - figure , a protector of the tribe and the basic Celtic god of whom other male Celtic deities were variants .
Celtic gods were largely unspecialised entities , and perhaps we should see them as a clan rather than as a formal pantheon .
In a sense , all the Celtic gods and goddesses were like the Greek Apollo , who could never be described as the god of any one thing .
Because the particular character of Dagda is a figure of burlesque lampoonery in Irish mythology , some authors conclude that he was trusted to be benevolent enough ( or ineffectual ) to tolerate a joke at his expense .
The supreme god of the Celtic pantheon appears to have been the Dagda . T
he name means the ' Good God ' , not good in a moral sense , but good at everything , or all - powerful .
The Dagda is a father - figure , a protector of the tribe and the basic Celtic god of whom other male Celtic deities were variants .
Celtic gods were largely unspecialised entities , and perhaps we should see them as a clan rather than as a formal pantheon .
Irish tales depict the Dagda as a figure of power , armed with a club and associated with a cauldron .
In Dorset there is a famous outline of an ithyphallic giant known as the Cerne Abbas Giant with a club cut into the chalky soil .
While this was probably produced in Roman times , it has long been thought that it represents the Dagda .
This has been called into question by recent studies which show that there may have been a representation of what looks like a large drapery hanging from the horizontal arm of the figure , leading to suspicion that this figure actually represents Hercules ( Herakles ) , with the skin of the Nemean Lion over his arm and carrying the club he used to kill it .
In Gaul , it is speculated that the Dagda is associated with Sucellos , the striker , equipped with a hammer and cup .
The Morrigan
In the Irish branch of Celtic mythology , the Dagda 's consort was known by various names .
The most common of these was the Morrigan .
Her name is pronounced in modern Irish as " More Ree-an " ; in old Irish the ' g ' was pronounced as a soft ' gh ' , like gamma in Greek .
The name translates to ' Great Queen ' .
Sometimes she is referred to in the plural as Morrigna , but she was also known variously as Nemhain ( Panic ) , Macha , Anann , and Badhbh Catha ( Scald - crow of Battles ) , among other names .
She was said to change into a crow or raven , also a horse , as well as she being an earth goddess , also soverignty , and a tutelary goddess - or goddess of the tribe .
Macha has solar attributes , with her white horse , as a sun goddess .
So , in essence , Morrigan is the " Queen of the Heavens " as well as Queen of the earth - so her powers extend to air and earth .
Her battle aspect was discredited due to Victorian fallacy , as she is given the battle role for her reign over the battlefield giving the army of her favor aide , as well as military protection , and acting as the goddess of Soverignty , and not a battle goddess as so many Neopagans usually classify her .
As well as her connections to the cauldron of rebirth , Daghda protects it , and it is said that those who partake of it never leave unsatisfied .
Belenus
Belenus was a more regional deity , who was worshipped mostly in Northern Italy and the Gaulish Mediterranean coast .
He was primarily a god of agriculture .
A great festival called Beltane was associated with him .
Lugh / Lug
The widespread diffusion of the god Lug ( seemingly related to the mythological figure Lœgh in Irish ) in Celtic religion is apparent from the number of place names in which his name appears , occurring across the Celtic world from Ireland to Gaul .
The most famous of these are the cities of Lugdunum ( the modern French city of Lyon ) and Lugdunum Batavorum ( the modern city of Leiden ) .
Lug is described in the Celtic myths as a latecomer to the list of deities , and is usually described as having the appearance of a young man .
His weapons were the throwing - spear and sling , and in Ireland a festival called the Lughnasa ( Modern Irish lœnasa ) was held in his honor .
Other Gods
The Celts also worshipped a number of deities of which we know little more than their names .
Among these are the goddess Brigit ( or Brigid ) , the Dagda 's daughter ; nature goddesses like Tailtiu and Macha ; and Epona , the horse goddess .
Male gods included Cu Roi and Goibniu , the immortal brewer of beer .
Cernunnos ( the Horned One ) is evidently of great antiquity , but we know little about him .
It is probably he who appears on the famous embossed silver bowl found in Gundestrup , Denmark which dates from the 1st or 2nd century BC .
The Roman writer Lucan ( 1st century AD ) mentions the gods Taranis , Teutates and Esus , but there is little Celtic evidence that these were important deities .
Some of these gods and goddesses may have been variants of each other ; Epona the Gallo - Roman horse goddess , for instance , may well have developed into the goddesses Rhiannon , in Wales , and Macha , who was mostly worshipped in Ulster .
Polytheistic peoples rarely care to keep their pantheons in the neat and tidy order in which scholars would like to find them .
Temples
Often it is said that the Celtic peoples built no temples , and worshipped only outside in groves of trees .
Archaeology has long shown this is untrue , with various temple structures throughout the Celtic world being known .
With the Roman conquest of parts of the Celtic world a distinct type of Celto - Roman temple called a fanum also was developed .
This was distinguished from a Classical temple by having an ambulatory on all four sides of the central cella .
Celtic Worship
The early Celts considered some trees to be sacred .
The importance of trees in Celtic religion is shown by the fact that the very name of the Eburonian tribe contains a reference to the yew tree , and that names like Mac Cuilinn ( son of holly ) and Mac Ibar ( son of yew ) appear in Irish myths .
Roman writers stated that the Celts practiced human sacrifice on a fairly large scale and there is peripheral support for this in Irish sources ; however , most of this information is secondhand or hearsay .
There are only very few recorded archaeological discoveries which substantiate the sacrificial process and thus most contemporary historians tend to regard human sacrifice as rare within Celtic cultures .
There was also a warrior cult that centered on the severed heads of their enemies .
The Celts provided their dead with weapons and other accoutrements , which indicates that they believed in an afterlife .
Before burial , they also severed the dead person 's head and shattered the skull , perhaps to prevent the ghost from wandering .
Calendars
Priests from this class were in charge of a great deal of religious festivals , as well as organizing the calendar ; a daunting task as the Celtic calendar is incredibly accurate , but required manual correction about every 40 years , meaning lengthy mathematic discourse .
There are many questions arising as to what calendrical practice was used by the Celtic people .
Regarding this issue there are three primary schools of thought .
These three theories all attempt to offer us a better understanding of the Celtic calendar .
To use the term ' Celtic calendar ' is somewhat inaccurate , as it were the Druids who were primarily concerned with calendar - keeping .
One of the most commonly accepted beliefs holds that the year was divided into thirteen months with an extra day or so the end of the year used to adjust the calendar .
This theory states that the months correspond to the vowels of the Ogham or Celtic Tree Alphabet .
For every of the months there was a designated tree .
From this a ' tree calendar ' wheel emerged
Most archaeologist and historians accept another calendar .
This calender is represented by the surviving fragments of a great bronze plate , the Coligny Calendar , which originally measured 5 feet by 3 - 1/ 2 feet .
This plate , found in eastern France , was engraved in the Gaulish language ( similar to Welsh ) in Roman - style letters and numerals .
It depicts a system of time keeping by lunar months , showing 62 consecutive months with 2 extra months inserted to match the solar timetable .
They appear to have worked with a 19 - year time cycle that equaled 235 lunar months and had an error of only half a day .
The third school of thought is an amalgam of both of the others .
The proponents of this last theory believe that the first calendar pre-dates the Coligny discovery .
It is from ancient writers such as Caesar that we learn that the Celts were to have counted by nights and not days and in reckoning birthdays and new moon and new year their unit of reckoning is the night followed by the day .
Ancient Celtic philosophy believed that existence arose from the interplay between darkness and light , night and day , cold and warmth , death and life , and that the passage of years was the alternation of dark periods ( winter , beginning November 1 ) and light periods ( summer , starting May 1 ) .
The Druidic view was that the earth was in darkness at its beginning , that night preceded day and winter preceded summer a view in striking accord with the story of creation in Genesis and even with the Big Bang theory .
Thus , Nov. 1 was New Year 's Day for the Celts , their year being divided into four major cycles .
The onset of each cycle was observed with suitable rituals that included feasting and sacrifice .
It was called The Festival of Samhain - linked with Halloween .
The Celts measured the Solar year on a wheel , circle or spiral , all of which symbolize creation and the constant movement of the universe Ğ growth and development .
To the ancients , the heavens appeared to wheel overhead , turning on an axis which points to the north polar stars .
At the crown of the axis , a circle of stars revolved about a fixed point , the Celestial Pole , which was believed to be the location of Heaven .
At the base of the axis was the Omphalos , the circular altar of the Goddess ' temple .
The universe of stars turning on this axis formed a spiral path , or stairway , on which souls ascended to Heaven .
This Sunwise , clockwise , or deiseal ( Gaelic ) , motion of the spirals represented the Summer Sun .
The continuous spirals with seemingly no beginning or end signified that as one cycle ended another began Ğ eternal life .
The spiral 's never - ending , always expanding , motion also symbolized the ever - increasing nature of information and knowledge .
Many of these symbols often also appeared in triplicate , a sign of the divine .
In addition , the seasons of the year were thought to be part of this cycle .
In Gaelic , the names of the four seasons date back to pre-Christian times :
1. Earrach for " Spring " 2 . Samhradh for " Summer " 3 . Foghara for " Harvest " for Autumn 4 .
Geamhradh for " Winter "
Festivals - Law
The social structure of Iron Age Celtic society was highly developed .
It was a tribal society that was bonded together by a complex system of laws and social customs .
The established body of Law was known as ' Fenechas ' , the law of the Feine ( Freemen ) , or more commonly , the Brehon Laws .
This body served the People for centuries .
The most common body of Brehon Laws was codified in 438 , by the order of Laighaire , a High King of Ireland .
The proceedings by which this work was done by three Kings , three Brehona ( Recitors of the Law ) , and three Christian missionaries .
By this act Pagan Fil ’ and Christian monks came together and worked out a set of laws that was workable for people of both religions .
The body of that law has been transmitted to us in the volumes known as the Senchus Mor .
The body of Law known as Brehon Law , as contained in the Senchus Mor is a body of national law .
However , national law was secondary to local law .
Whether local or national it was the Brehons who acted as the recitors of the Law .
There has been some confusion about who acted as the judge .
It was the nobility who acted as such .
As stated the Brehons were the recitors of the Law .
After the Brehon had recited the Law , only then could the King or Queen render a decision .
This is why lore is replete with examples of the Kings or Queens Druid , actually the Ard - Fili , having the right to speak before the King .
If the Brehon , who was a member of the intellectual / skilled caste , recited the law incorrectly they were expected to forfeit their fee and pay damage costs .
The Brehon laws were responsible for regulating how people interacted .
Hospitality , etiquette and other things were set out in ways that left little room for doubt .
The codes of behavior established in the Law was such that all members of a family had to adere to it .
Codes of behavior and levels of responsibility were laid down in the laws for each social group .
The more responsibility a social group had , the more restrictions were placed on them .
Status was determined by the ownership of cattle and a few other things .
There was no concept of land ownership in early Celtic society .
This stands in sharp contrast to the Roman and Anglo patterns .
Druids also carried out sacrifices of crops , animals , and during specific festivals , humans .
In a Celtic society , people were not executed for crimes , except during these festivals .
Such executions varied , depending on what god the execution was dedicated to .
Among the most famous is the human sacrifices practiced in the course of Essus worship .
Essus was , more or less , a benevolent law god to many Celts , particularly Gauls .
However , Essus worship also intoned a sense of merciless behavior toward repeated criminals , rapists , traitors , and other societal dregs .
The offender , if found guilty , would be taken to the temple of Essus , where an oak would be growing through an opening in the temple roof .
His stomach would be cut open , and he would be hung from an oak branch .
Gods
The Celts ' gods were often named after natural things .
For example the source of rivers would often have their own goddesses , though rarely many gods .
Another theme with Celt gods were triple deities ; not only goddesses , but numerous gods .
For example the Mothers of Britain , or Cromm Cruach 's slovenly , deific , and humanistic forms .
The main deities of Celtic religion , contrary to much misconception , were usually male .
The world in some remaining myths is often depicted as having been forged by a god with a hammer , such as Dagda or Sucellos , who then poured all life from a magic cauldron or cup ; a source of pre-Christian Holy Grail ' myths in Celtic societies .
While deities varied , several constant deities or demigods existed over a wide area .
A great example is Lugos , a heroic sun god from Gaul and the southern , Gallic parts of Britain .
He is also known as Lugh ( in Ireland ) , Llew ( in non-Gallic Britain ) , and Lug ( among Celtiberians , who were not culturally true Celts ) .
Early depictions of him exist as early as the Hallstatt era , suggesting him as one of the longest existing gods of Celtic religion .
Similar is the horse and fertility goddess , Epona , who was also worshipped by the Romans when they came to rule Gaul .
She also seems to have existed from the early era .
Finally , there is Sucellos , who is argued by some to have been the ' creator of the universe ' in some Celtic religions .
He is party to Dagda of Ireland , and was worshipped over an enormous area , including by non-Celtic peoples such as the Lusitani .
He was the patron god of the Ordovices tribe of Britain , and was built up by the Arverni and their allies to replace the druidic god Cernunnos , as the Gallic druids were allies of their enemies in the rule for Gaul ; the Aedui .
Other religious practices also existed ; Celts seem to have universally removed body hair .
Some postulate this as religious , but was more realistically part of the Celtic propensity for cleanliness .
Body hair kept dirt close to the body , and Celts were an extremely cleanly people , so this was unacceptable .
However , Celts also took heads from dead enemies .
This was definitely a religious practice in origin .
However , even post - Christian Gaels continued this practice into the middle ages ; some Irish even took to scalping the heads that they took , so they could braid the scalp through rings on their weapons .
The religious connotations by that point were slim , but it does imply that taking heads had incredible cultural importance to have persisted so long after the religious background had been removed .
Celts believed the soul resided in the head , and that capturing a head meant that one captured the soul of an opponent , and that when a Celt died , the dead whom he had collected would serve him as slaves for eternity .
Writing - Ogham
The ancient Celts had a form of writing called ogham ( pronounced OH - yam ) .
It was the writing of Druids and Bards .
Ogham is also called ' Tree Alphabet ' because each letter corresponds to a tree and an associated meaning .
The letters were , in fact , engraved onto sticks as well as larger standing stones .
In keeping with Druidic concepts , each of the Ogham 's twenty letters bears the name of a tree .
A - Ailim ( Elm ) , B - Bithe ( Birch ) , C - Coll ( Hazel ) , for example .
The Celts had an oral tradition so it was not used to write stories or history as these were memorized .
The Ogham alphabet contains twenty letters and is read from the bottom up .
The letters are constructed using a combination of lines placed adjacent to or crossing a midline .
An individual letter may contain from one to five vertical or angled strokes .
Vowels were sometimes described as a combination of dots .
The midline was , most often , the edge of the object on which the inscription was carved .
Ogham was named after the Celtic god of literature , Ogma .
It was used on the edges of burial stones and boundary markers .
They usually held the name of a person .
Examples exist to this day .
It was also used on rods or strips of wood that were fastened together at one end .
These wands were opened and closed to present stories or poems .
Since these wands were made of wood , none survive today .
Only the messages on stone survived .
The wooden sticks with the Ogham marking were used for divination similar to the way Runes were used by Norse peoples .
Only the Druids and Bards understood the system and could have great influences on their people when they demonstrated its power .
There are 369 verified examples of Ogham writing surviving today .
These exist in the form of standing stones concentrated in Ireland , but scattered across Scotland , the Isle of Man , South Wales , Devonshire , and as far afield as Silchester ( the ancient Roman city of Calleva Attrebatum ) .
Similiar markings have been found on standing stones in Spain and Portugal .
The markings in Spain are believed to be much older than the ones in Ireland , perhaps dating from 800 BC .
It is from this area of the Iberian Peninsula that the Celts who colonized the British Isles may have come .
Ogam can still be seen inscribed on hundreds of large and small stones , on the walls of some caves , but also on bone , ivory , bronze and silver objects .
The Ogam script was especially well adapted for use on sticks .
Sticks are part of the Basque word for " alphabet " : agaka , agglutinated from aga - aka , aga ( stick or pole ) and akats ( notch ) .
The meaning of the word agaka therefore is n't so much " alphabet " as " writing " , a stick with Ogam notches conveying a message .
The name Ogam likely comes from oga - ama , ogasun ( property , wealth ) ama ( Priestess , mother ) property of the Priestess , which indicates that the script was originally designed for use by the clergy of the pre-Christian religion .
Ogam was adopted and further developed by the first monks in Ireland .
Our earliest information indicates that they were not sure as to where Ogam came from .
According to the " Auraicept " the origin of Irish and Ogam must be sought in the Near East : " In Dacia it was invented , though others say it was in the Plain of Shinar " ( line 1105 - 06 ) .
A " made in Ireland " version is recorded in " In Lebor Ogaim " in which the inventor is " Ogma mac Elathan who is said to have been skilled in speech and poetry and to have created the system as proof of his intellectual ability and with the intention that it should be the preserve of the learned , to the exclusion of rustics and fools " ( McManus 8.4 ) .
The script was used by the monks as a monument script between 450 and 800 A.D. and they used it for literary purposes between 650 and 900 A.D.
Every time the script was inscribed in stone it must have been used thousands of times on sticks , for which medium the script was obviously designed .
Over 500 Ogam inscriptions are known from Ireland ( collected by R.A.S. Macalister ) , some 40 from Scotland ( A. Jackson ) and a growing number from the east coast of North America .
The fact that not a single one has been successfully translated is not so much the fault of the monks who wrote the texts , as of our linguists , all of whom assumed that the language of the script was Gaelic .
However , this assumption appears to be without foundation , because the syntax of the Gaelic language in no way lends itself to be written in traditional Ogam .
The Serpent's Stone
The Serpent 's Stone is a symbol of an ancient wisdom and fidelity ; touchstone of universal truths .
The complexity of earthly life sometimes obscures a simple truth .
The four serpent heads emerge from the labyrinth of Creation to point the way through self - examination .
The brilliant colours convey a sense of drama and intrigue .
As a meditative glyph , it endorses the need for self - examination .
Thus when truth becomes entangled in a moral dilemma , evoke the secret wisdom of the Serpent 's Stone .
Economy
The basic economy of the Celts was mixed farming , and , except in times of unrest , single farmsteads were usual .
Owing to the wide variations in terrain and climate , cattle raising was more important than cereal cultivation in some regions .
Trade Routes
There is strong archeological evidence to suggest that the pre-Roman Celtic nations were tied into a network of overland trade routes that spanned Eurasia from Ireland to China .
Celtic traders were also in contact with the Phoenicians , gold works made in Pre-Roman Ireland have been unearthed in archeological digs in Palestine , and trade routes between the Celtic nations and Palestine date back to at least 1600 BC .
Local trade was largely in the form of barter , but as with most tribal societies they probably had a reciprocal economy in which goods and other services are not exchanged , but are given on the basis of mutual relationships and the obligations of kinship .
Though they had a written language , the Ogham script , it was only used for ceremonial purposes and they produced little in the way of literary output .
Instead , Celtic peoples preferred the oral Bardic tradition .
The oldest recorded rhyming poetry in the world is of Irish origin and is a transcription of a much older epic poem , leading some scholars to claim that the Celts invented Rhyme .
They were highly skilled in visual arts and Celtic art produced a great deal of intricate and beautiful metalwork , examples of which have been preserved by their distinctive burial rites .
In some regards the Atlantic Celts were conservative , for example they still used chariots in combat long after they had been reduced to ceremonial roles by the Greeks and Romans , though when faced with the Romans , and in the Atlantic islands their chariot tactics defeated the invasion attempted by Julius Caesar .
Clothing - Textiles
Textiles in ancient times were fairly advanced .
Weaving is a very basic technology and was quite advanced as early as 5,000 BCE , and brightly colored dyes were readily available .
If we met our Celtic ancestors , they would probably look as gaudy to us as they did to the Romans , since they were very fond of bright colors and ornamentation .
There are n't a lot of textile remains found for Celtic clothing from prehistoric times through the 16th century ; we mostly have to rely on manuscripts and descriptions of what was worn at various times .
However , I will make some educated guesses based on textile construction techniques from the few Celtic finds available , as well as evidence from the bog finds in Denmark , which could arguably be either Celtic or Teutonic .
Obviously , fashions varied from place to place and time to time , so Celtic clothing was n't universally the same in all places over the thousand or so years I 'm spanning ; however , similar techniques of constructing and decorating clothing were used
Art
Celtic Mandala - Celtic Tree of Life
Celtic
Art is a difficult term to define , covering a huge expanse of time , geography and cultures .
A case has been made for artistic continuity in Europe from the Bronze Age , and indeed the preceding Neolithic age however archaeologists generally use " Celtic " to refer to the culture of the European Iron Age from around 1000 BC onwards , until the conquest by the Roman Empire of most of the territory concerned , and art historians typically begin to talk about " Celtic art " only from the La Tene period ( broadly 5th to 1st centuries BC ) onwards .
" Early Celtic art " is another term used for this period , stretching in Britain to about 150 AD .
The Early Medieval art of Britain and Ireland , which produced the Book of Kells and other masterpieces , and is what " Celtic art " evokes for much of the general public in the English - speaking world , is called Insular art in art history .
Both styles absorbed considerable influences from non-Celtic sources , but retained a preference for geometrical decoration over figurative subjects , which are often extremely stylised when they do appear ; narrative scenes only appear under outside influence .
Energetic circular forms , triskeles and spirals are characteristic .
Much of the surviving material is in precious metal , which no doubt gives a very unrepresentative picture , but apart from Pictish stones and the Insular high crosses , large monumental sculpture , even with decorative carving , is very rare ; possibly the few standing male figures found , like the Warrior of Hirschlanden and the so - called " Lord of Glauberg " , were originally common in wood .
Also covered by the term is the visual art of the Celtic Revival ( on the whole more notable for literature ) from the 18th century to the modern era , which began as a conscious effort by Modern Celts , mostly in the British Isles , to express self - identification and nationalism , and became popular well beyond the Celtic nations , and whose style is still current in various popular forms , from Celtic cross funerary monuments to interlace tattoos .
Coinciding with the beginnings of a coherent archaeological understanding of the earlier periods , the style self - consciously used motifs closely copied from works of the earlier periods , more often the Insular than the Iron Age .
Another influence was that of late La Tene " vegetal " art on the Art Nouveau movement .
Typically , Celtic art is ornamental , avoiding straight lines and only occasionally using symmetry , without the imitation of nature central to the classical tradition , often involving complex symbolism .
Celtic art has used a variety of styles and has shown influences from other cultures in their knotwork , spirals , key patterns , lettering , zoomorphics , plant forms and human figures .
As the archaeologist Catherine Johns put it : " Common to Celtic art over a wide chronological and geographical span is an exquisite sense of balance in the layout and development of patterns .
Curvilinear forms are set out so that positive and negative , filled areas and spaces form a harmonious whole .
Control and restraint were exercised in the use of surface texturing and relief .
Very complex curvilinear patterns were designed to cover precisely the most awkward and irregularly shaped surfaces " .
The most common error is to talk of Celtic knotwork , that complicated and elaborate interlacing of lines , curves and geometric shapes which seems to be appearing everywhere nowadays .
This style of design and decoration was in fact brought to Britain in the 6th century AD by Saxon Christian monks and was used exclusively to illuminate the handwritten Christian Gospels .
The Saxon people used some of the art for personal decoration .
Any of the knotwork that has animal shapes incorporated shows influence from the Vikings .
It is indeed a very attractive and distinctive style of decoration - but it is not Celtic .
In Pre-Celtic Britain , there are many ancient places that were elaborately and painstakingly decorated and carved with many different styles of spiral , zig - zag , diamond , line and curve but nowhere do these separate symbols and designs overlap or interlace and nowhere is there to be found an example of knotwork .
It should also be noted that these elaborate designs and symbols are not Celtic either .
They were carved into the rocks by an unknown race of megalith builders thousands of years before the Celtic culture arrived .
It is also a common practice for modern day Celtic groups to employ various symbols , such as the Crescent and V - Rod , the Switch , the Two Worlds etc , as part of their Celtic regalia and ritual but , once again , these ancient symbols are not Celtic they are Pictish .
The Picts were a scandinavian people and the only places where these symbols are to be found , carved on stones etc , are in the North East of Scotland and they are , therefore , as foreign to the British tribes as the ' Celtic ' knotwork is .
Another modern addition to this confusing collection of symbolism is the ubiquitous pentagram which is unquestionably non-Celtic - Jewish , from the seals of Solomon .
What , then , were the symbols used by the Celts ?
It is true that they greatly admired all art - forms and decorative styles and that they used these to a great extent on just about everything from household utensils to battle - chariots .
But the symbols they used are the ones that are still all round us today :- the trees , the birds , the animals , the hills and lakes and all the other manifestations of the life - force on Earth .
The Celts were a warlike , passionate people with a love of art .
Truly , Celtic art is distinguished for its extensive curves and intricate knot work which is used to form complex decorations for weapons , jewelry and body tattooing .
Along with the extensive use of body tattooing the Celts highlighted their naturally fair hair by washing it in lime - water .
This fondness for art and personal decoration was merged with acts of barbarism , such as beheading their enemies and carrying the severed heads around the necks of their horses .
The head was the ultimate source of spiritual power ; to posses the enemies head , was to posses his spirit .
Riding naked on fast moving , light chariots , shreiking and swinging large hacking swords and throwing spears was a most effective method of warfare for instilling terror into their enemies .
Celtic art is art associated with various peoples known as Celts speaking the Celtic languages in Europe from pre-history through to the medieval period and beyond , as well as art of ancient peoples whose language is unknown but where cultural and stylistic similarities lead archaeologists to consider it probable that they were predecessors of those known to speak Celtic languages , and Celtic revival art from the 18th century to the modern era which began as a conscious effort by Modern Celts to express self - identification and nationalism .
Celtic art is ornamental , avoiding straight lines and only occasionally using symmetry , without the imitation of nature or ideal of beauty central to the classical tradition , but as far as we can understand it often involves complex symbolism .
It includes a variety of styles and often incorporates subtly modified elements from other cultures , an example being the characteristic over - and - under interlacing which only arrived in the 6th century when it was already in use by Germanic artists .
There are three " traditions " of Celtic art , the first being the continental Iron age art mainly associated with La T�ne culture which draws on native , classical and ( perhaps via the Mediterranean ) oriental sources .
The second , Iron age art in Britain and Ireland , draws on the continental tradition while adding distinctive regional styles .
The third , the Celtic " renaissance " of the early Middle Ages in Ireland and to a lesser extent in parts of Britain , borrows heavily from Roman motifs .
This third tradition formed the basis for the relatively recent Celtic revival art .
Music
Celtic music is a broad grouping of musical genres that evolved out of the folk musical traditions of the Celtic peoples of Western Europe .
The term Celtic music may refer to both orally - transmitted traditional music and recorded popular music with only a superficial resemblance to folk styles of the Celtic peoples .
Most typically , the term Celtic music is applied to the music of Ireland and Scotland , because both places have produced well - known distinctive styles which actually have genuine commonality and clear mutual influences .
The music of Wales , Cornwall , Isle of Man , Brittany , Northumbria and Galicia are also frequently considered a part of Celtic music , the Celtic tradition being particularly strong in Brittany , where Celtic festivals large and small take place throughout the year .
Finally , the music of ethnically Celtic peoples abroad are also considered , especially in Canada and the United States .
Warriors
The history of Celtic Warfare spans from c. 10th century BC up to the first few centuries AD and it concerns the distinct styles of warfare of the peoples known as Celts .
It concerns the armed conflicts of the Celtic tribes and their kingdoms .
Apart from conflicts between Celts and neighboring nations and tribes , numerous inter-tribal conflicts were recorded among Celtic tribes also .
This includes the Celtic peoples of Ireland , Britain , Gaul , Iberia , and Anatolia .
The scope of this article does not extend to the Britons and Gaels of the Sub - Roman to Medieval period .
Celtic tribes fought amongst each other and sometimes they allied themselves with the Romans , the Greeks and other peoples against other Celtic tribes .
Tribal warfare appears to have been a regular feature of Celtic societies .
While epic literature depicts this as more of a sport focused on raids and hunting rather than organized territorial conquest , the historical record is more of tribes using warfare to exert political control and harass rivals , for economic advantage , and in some instances to conquer territory .
Archaeology provides much information regarding the material culture of the Celts , but the significance of these finds in determining how the ancient Celts actually fought is the subject of much speculation .
It was long thought , for instance , that the Celts were headhunters but recent research from France has indicated that it may have been the heads of slain allies that were collected to be placed in porticos , while the defeated were dumped in mass graves , their weapons ritually broken .
Celtic warriors were drawn from what we would describe as the middle and upper class .
The warrior class did the actual fighting : the free poor served as chariot drivers .
The Celt was a warrior in the heroic sense .
Everything had to be larger than life .
He lived for war .
His glorification of bravery often led him to recklessness .
Part of a warriors ritual was to boast of his victories , and fighting between warriors was an important part of life .
Most Celts scorned the use of armor and before about 300 B.C. preferred to fight naked .
Some Celtic tribes still fought naked at the battle of Telamon in 225 B.C.
The Celt was renowned as a swords - man but he also used javelins and spears .
Two spears which were found at La Tene in Switzerland were nearly 2.5 m long .
His only protection was his large shield which was usually oval .
The suggestion that the Celt wore heavy bracelets in battle has to be questioned , as it is hard to understand how they would stay on his arm whilst he wielded his sword .
Dionysius tells us that in battle the Celts whirled their swords above their heads , slashing the air from side to side , then struck downwards at their enemies as if chopping wood .
It was this use of the sword that so terrified their enemies .
The Celts did not fight in a rabble as is so often supposed .
They were organized in companies .
This can be proved by their use of standards .
The Celt was a head - hunter .
In battle he would cut off the head of his fallen enemy and often hang it from his horse 's neck .
After battle he would display the severed head at the entrance to his temple .
The severed head is a constant theme in Celtic art .
At the battle of Beneventumin 214 B.C. the Roman general Gracchus had to order his army of freed slaves ( presumably Celts ) to stop collecting heads and get on with the fighting .
After a battle the Celts would often dedicate their enemies weapons to the gods and throw them into a river or lake .
The hundreds of weapons that have been dredged from the Lake of Neuchatel at La Tene were such offerings .
In fact the site at La Tene has revealed so many Celtic artifacts that its name has been given to the whole Celtic culture .
The chiefs and the wealthiest Celts often did wear armor particularly when they came into contact with the Greeks and Romans .
They often adopted items of Greek or Roman armor .
A pair of greaves were found in the chieftain 's grave at Ciumesti .
Several graves have been found in Northern Italy which contain Etruscan armour and Celtic weapons .
Before a battle the chiefs would ride out , in front of the army clashing their weapons on their shields , proclaiming their great deeds and challenging the enemy to single combat .
Caesar describes the British as dressed in skins ( meaning leather ) and decorated with woad , a blue dye .
Some tattooed skin from a Scythian grave of this period suggests that the Britons were tattooed in blue .
Head Hunters
" Amongst the Celts the human head was venerated above all else , since the head was to the Celt the soul , centre of the emotions as well as of life itself , a symbol of divinity and of the powers of the other - world . "
- Paul Jacobsthal , Early Celtic Art .
The Celtic cult of the severed head is documented not only in the many sculptured representations of severed heads in La Tene carvings , but in the surviving Celtic mythology , which is full of stories of the severed heads of heroes and the saints who carry their decapitated heads , right down to Sir Gawain and the Green Knight who picks up his own severed head after Gawain has struck it off , just as St. Denis carried his head to the top of Montmartre .
Separated from the mundane body , although still alive , the animated head acquires the ability to see into the mythic realm .
Diodorus Siculus , in his 1st century History had this to say about Celtic head - hunting : " They cut off the heads of enemies slain in battle and attach them to the necks of their horses .
The blood - stained spoils they hand over to their attendants and carry off as booty , while striking up a paean and singing a song of victory ; and they nail up these first fruits upon their houses , just as do those who lay low wild animals in certain kinds of hunting .
They embalm in cedar oil the heads of the most distinguished enemies , and preserve them carefully in a chest , and display them with pride to strangers , saying that for this head one of their ancestors , or his father , or the man himself , refused the offer of a large sum of money .
They say that some of them boast that they refused the weight of the head in gold ; thus displaying what is only a barbarous kind of magnanimity , for it is not a sign of nobility to refrain from selling the proofs of one 's valor .
It is rather true that it is bestial to continue one 's hostility against a slain fellow man . "
The Celts also believed that if they attached the head of their enemy to a pole or a fence near their house , the head would start crying when the enemy was near .
The Celtic headhunters venerated the image of the severed head as a continuing source of spiritual power .
If the head is the seat of the soul , possessing the severed head of an enemy , honorably reaped in battle , added prestige to any warrior 's reputation .
According to tradition the buried head of a god or hero named Bran the Blessed protected Britain from invasion across the English Channel .
Celts Wikipedia
The Top Gear crew and James May and Jeremy Clarkson were filming near the top of Eyjafjallajokull , the volcano in Iceland that recently erupted causing massive flight cancellations .
The crew was there filming a red Toyota Hilux pickup .
They were accompanied by Toyota and a bunch of local scientists that set up a monitoring system before the volcano went bananas .
“ The vehicles used for the expedition were prepared by specialist firm Arctic Trucks to the same extreme environment specification as the Hilux used by Jeremy Clarkson and James May for their historic polar expedition , ” Toyota UK said in a statement .
“ With giant low pressure 38 - inch tyres , the go - anywhere Hilux had the measure of every challenge in its path as it made its way through ice and snow towards the volcano ”s fiery heart . ”
Top Gear also had their sarcasm fun at the story saying that May was initially assumed to be “ filming a feature for the popular motoring television show , it has since been speculated that May ”s purpose was far more devious . ”
“ It has been scientifically proven that TopGear is responsible for almost every evil in the modern world , so the eruption of a furious tectonic force barely a week after Richard Clarkson ”s “ ˜visit ” can hardly be viewed as mere coincidence , ”  says media commentator Annalisa Kneejerk .
“ We have it on good authority that Jeremy Hammond drove one of his favourite Ferrari gas - guzzlers at 100 mph , straight into the main magma chamber , which could quite easily have caused this geological catastrophe .
Thankfully I ” ve never watched the show . ” 
Top Gear and Toyota Hilux at Eyjafjallajokull :
– By : Kap Shah
Source : TopGear
1. Cryptic failed to finish the game .
You only get one chance to make a first impression .
Maybe no one at Cryptic has ever heard that old adage ; if they had they might not have delivered a half - finished game .
Star Trek Online is unfinished .
It was unfinished at release and it 's still unfinished , today .
And not in just a small way , either , like things need to be polished up or there needs to be a little more content .
No , STO is unfinished on an intergalactic scale .
There were suppose to be two playable factions – the Federation and the Klingons .
The Federation side is well fleshed out with a good variety of things to do ; the Klingon side has nothing to do but PvP .
Except for a few grind quests , there 's zero PvE on the Klingon side .
In any MMO , at least half the players want to play the bad guys – also known as the Klingons in Star Trek lore – but Cryptic did n't give those players the opportunity .
If you wanted to play Klingons , but were n't that keen on PvP , chances are good you left the game and chances are good you left as soon as your first month 's subscription expired .
2. Atari and Cryptic failed to keep their greed in check .
From the very beginning , Atari and Cryptic Studios have been too greedy .
They went with the too - popular , $ 14.99 - a - month model and made players pony up some extra cash for the collector 's edition of the game .
That 's fine .
Gamers are reluctantly getting used to this formula .
But STO has gone a little too far .
Right out of the gate , they 've behaved like they 're successful and have a solid player - base they can rely on to buy their stuff :
There 's so much desirable stuff in the STO cash store , you 'd think it was a free - to - play game .
If you want to play a Federation Klingon like Worf it will cost you money .
So will playing a Ferengi .
Do you want to respec ?
More money .
Rename ?
More mullah .
Special ships , emotes and bridge designs are all being touted in the cash store , and you can't get them in the game .
More character slots ?
STO only allows three .
That 's right .
Only 3 !
Is there another pay - to - play MMO that only allows three character slots ?
If you want more , you have to buy them from the cash store .
All this nickel - and - diming of the player - base only helps to drive people from the game .
3. STO fails as an MMO .
Cryptic failed to provide some basic tools that enhance the social aspects of STO .
For instance , simply communicating with other players , a single click or keystroke in other MMOs , tends to require two or three clicks in STO .
Guilds are important to the player community of any MMO , because they serve as centers of camaraderie and provide a ready source for partying up and doing quests ; but Cryptic has paid little attention to fleets in STO , providing players with almost a bare minimum of fleet tools .
There are no alerts for when people in your fleet come online .
You can't tell which fleet people belong to , because the fleet is n't displayed with the character name .
There 's no competition between fleets , because there 's no fleet ranking system .
If you want to join a fleet , there is n't even a way to search for them .
By ignoring some simple social tools , Cryptic has made it harder for a STO player community to develop .
If an MMO community is slow to develop , player are likely to leave a game like STO faster than they normally would .
4. Non-PvE activities fail .
STO has minimal crafting – it's really just a store where you exchange your materials for gear – and the quest rewards are so much better than anything you can get from crafting there 's little reason or motivation to spend your time crafting .
PvP is imbalanced .
It should favor the Federation , because the Feds have all the PvE quests and get all the great world drops , but the ironic thing is the Klingons tend to dominate .
They dominate , because all they have to do is PvP .
The same group of Klingons will end up playing together all night long and often , because they play together so much , they 'll end up dominating the Feds .
The unfortunate result is many Feds quit or just totally avoid PvP .
With no real crafting and PvP being imbalanced and frustrating for many players , there are n't any alternative activities in STO .
If players do n't want to PvE , they just do n't log in .
5 . The endgame fails .
There 's very little to do once you hit the level cap in STO .
You get a daily explore mission and a daily PvP mission ( See item 4 . ) and a couple of Special Task Force missions , essentially PvE dungeons , you can run .
That 's it .
This lack of endgame content might not be so bad if players did n't hit the level cap so fast .
Even an fairly casual player can max out in about a month and there are stories of more hardcore players doing it in a week .
That short leveling curve means lots of people are getting to the endgame and they 're getting there fast .
And once they get there , they 're finding there 's not much to do , so they leave .
At this point , it would be pithy to say , " STO fails . " and end this article at that .
But STO does n't fail , not completely .
It 's a game with a lot of potential .
The space combat and ground combat works .
The Federation side has some good content and the little bit of endgame content that is there is pretty good .
In fact , if Cryptic added some more endgame content and finished the Klingon faction , STO could be a supersweet MMO .
Cryptic seems to be scrambling to fix the game and flush out its content .
But will it be enough ?
Have they already dug themselves too deep a hole by releasing STO too early ?
At this point , the hole seems awfully deep , probably too deep .
If it is , STO will quickly devolve to maintenance mode and join a growing list of MMO failures .
Meet the Wombat ; he ’s Australian , slow and rather dim -witted .
As if the three were separable !
Hurrah !
He really is a smasher is n’t he ?
A lazy smasher at that !
This affable chap likes to take things easy , he ’ll spend about sixteen hours a day snoozing away .
Wombats are grazers and have such an efficient digestive system they only need to eat about a third of the amount a sheep or similar grass - eater would chow down on , incredibly it will take 14 days for one meal to be fully digested .
What ’s more they need even less water , about 20 % of a sheep ’s requirement .
This unbelievably slow metabolism is an adaptation to the arid , nutrient - low bush in which he lives , he also uses it as an excuse as to why he just ca n’t seem to fit into those britches anymore .
After this epic bit of digestion our dawdling chum will poo out a cube of dung … yes really … a cube .
Wombat use their dung as a marker of their territory and it ’s thought that he makes these rather angular plops so that they do n’t roll away .
Exactly how the Wombat does this incredible bit of bottom crafting even I do n’t want to know .
There are three species of Wombat ; the Common , the Southern Hairy Nosed and the incredibly scarce Northern Hairy Nosed … the latter is one of the rarest Mammals on the planet only living in a three square kilometre patch of protected land .
Sadly the native grasses on which he barely gets a meal are being out - competed by invading species .
One last thing about this smasher his bum is tough as an old boot .
If a Wombat comes across a predator such as a Dingo , he skedaddles to his nearest burrow .
Indeed he can be there in a jiffy as he really can motor .
Once the Wombat is in his burrow he is really rather fine and dandy .
He blocks the end with his cartilaginous derriere as any predator will have difficulty getting a purchase on his rock - hard bot .
Of course with his head in the sand and his arse in the air we can draw no parallels with him and the Australian Cricket Team .
Hurrah !
A reader writes :
I read your latest post about Palin 's authenticity with interest .
And that little alarm bell that always goes off in my head .
Andrew , whether the Republican party realizes it or not - she is their test .
It is with Palin and her political aspirations that we are going to find out whether the tottering GOP is merely desperate , or depraved .
Palin is who she is .
She 's a deeply disturbed creature and she 's spent her whole life banking on her looks and her chutzpah to see her through .
She never bothered to excel because she figured , and was rewarded for , faking it .
If she can appear to be something and people buy it ( literally and figuratively ) then she figures that 's sufficient .
Even worthy of being handed the controls for the United States of America and , for that matter , the world entire .
That 's how deranged she is .
But the GOP , while they may be a sordid lot these days , drunk on desperation , are not all stupid .
Many of them are very bright , just trapped .
Project Brightfield has a nice ring to it .
Chevron , the California - based oil giant , is turning the site of an old oil refinery into an eight - acre field of solar panels , showcasing seven new technologies from an array of cutting - edge companies .
It seems to fit the company 's current online slogan : " Finding newer , cleaner ways to power the world " .
But there is a problem for Chevron , which has over a thousand Texaco filling stations in Britain .
It plans to use the solar energy to help power pumps and pipelines at what will remain one of the oldest , dirtiest and most greenhouse - unfriendly oil fields on the planet – the Kern River heavy oil facility near Bakersfield .
The company is proud enough of the solar panels to have a promotional video on Operation Brightfield .
Chevron 's local vice president , Bruce Johnson , calls the solar facility " a clear example of Chevron 's efforts to find ways to integrate innovative technologies into our business . "
But the Rainforest Action Network , a California - based NGO , put out a natty little video of its own charging the company with " greenwash " in the California sun .
Chevron is the biggest greenhouse - gas emitter in California , according to RAN .
And its global green reputation could do with some refurbishing .
The company is still living down the environmental damage caused by past involvement of Texaco , a company it bought in 2001 , while grabbing oil from the rainforests of Ecuador .
And it faces new criticism for its prominent role in developing tar sands in Canada .
This latter is a big problem , as the California governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , seeks to cut the state 's carbon dioxide emissions .
RAN says last year Chevron hit a " new all - time low in renewable energy investments " , with just 1.96 per cent of its capital and exploratory budget going green .
So the plaudits Chevron has won for its Brightfield test rigs , along with a planned solar project in New Mexico , are green gold dust .
But its dirty old ways still look like the main game at Chevron .
You can see its real business down the road from the shiny new solar panels , at the Kern River heavy oil facility .
The field is more than a century old and contains some 10,000 " nodding donkey " rigs pumping away .
The field is largely exhausted , with production declining every year , but Chevron is reluctant to call a halt to its ancient money - spinner .
But bringing the oil to the surface is increasing difficult , and energy - intensive .
The thick tar - like dregs of the oilfield wo n't flow on their own .
They have to be heated first .
So Chevron burns natural gas to make steam , which it pumps underground to raise temperatures and get the gunge moving .
They call it " steam flooding " .
One reporter invited to Kern River by the American Petroleum Institute describes the scene on The Oil Drum .
Chevron is a specialist in extracting heavy oil round the world .
In Venezuela and Indonesia , for instance .
But bringing the stuff to the surface has a very large carbon footprint , according to Tony Kovscek of Stanford University 's Energy Resources Engineering department , who has studied Kern River .
He estimates ( pdf ) that the carbon footprint of producing heavy oil at Kern River is around 50kg of carbon dioxide for every barrel of oil .
That is only half the footprint of tar sands in Alberta , he says , " but the carbon footprint of conventional oil is a great deal smaller . "
The company spokesman Alex Yelland said the 750 - kW solar facility , which has an expected lifetime of 25 years , is intended " to evaluate competing next generation solar technologies " .
He denied any attempt at greenwash .
" That the oil field nearby produces heavy oil was not relevant to the siting of the solar test . "
Kovscek says , " some of the largest point sources of carbon dioxide in California are from these types of oil field operations . "
Solar panels powering the pipeline pumps wo n't change that .
But , if Chevron wants to carry on pumping heavy oil from Kern River , there would be a way for the company to make a serious difference , he says .
It could harness the power of the sun big time to make the steam .
A lot of entrepreneurs in California want to develop what they call " concentrated solar thermal power " .
Rather than covering the desert in photovoltaic panels , they want to install mirrors to concentrate the sun 's rays and boil water to make steam .
Their main idea is to use the steam to run turbines .
But why not , says Kovscek , use it directly to free up the heavy oil ?
" Relatively conservative designs could reduce the heavy - oil carbon footprint by at least 30 % , " he told the Guardian .
" More aggressive designs could achieve even greater reductions . "
Yelland said that the company plans a " solar - to - steam " demonstration facility to replace some of its natural gas needs at another oil field in California .
Now that really will " integrate innovative technologies " into Chevron 's business .
It would put Project Brightside in the shade .
Until then , Chevron seems to be using a few solar panels to greenwash a thoroughly filthy oilfield .
We got a hot trend tip from a pair of young Italian up - and - comers who recently launched their new brand , Rocket Design .
The Milan - based design duo is dedicated to creating original home decor , and they ’re fun , funky and functional decor accessories that really crank up the style meter .
Here ’s a taste of the brand ’s first collection ; these really cool creations that work as great as they look .
Inspired by the rock ‘n roll disco culture this clothes - hanger system , shelf and wine rack will rock your rooms !
To see more , visit the Young Designer Book exhibit , held in conjunction with the Milan International Furniture Fair 2010 .
For more information visit Rocket Design .
Buy these products at Yoox .
Mr. Woods does nor take it upon himself to try to arbitrate the morality of others , as do the Catholic hierarchy and fundamentalist Christians .
Mr. Woods does not attempt to pass laws to control the sex lives of others as do the Republicans and various conservatives .
Mr. Woods has , to my knowledge , never publicly expressed an opinion attacking others for their sex lives .
In other words , Mr. Woods has basically respected the rights of others to live their own lives according to their own values .
It was apparent from both Dr. Rekers ' testimony and attitude on the stand that he was there primarily to promote his own personal ideology .
If the furtherance of such ideology meant providing the court with only partial information or selectively analyzing study results that was acceptable to Dr. Rekers .
An Empirically Supported Rational Basis for Prohibiting Adoption , Foster Parenting and Contested Child Custody by Any Person in a Household that Includes a Homosexually - Behaving Member .
Miami New Times
Lucien decided to speak out after a heart - to - heart with a friend , Michael , who alerted him to the grim realities of his client 's anti-gay activities .
Lucien , who had originally declined to speak about the trip , now says he can do little good by protecting his erstwhile , fundamentalist client .
Each participant was exposed to sexually explicit erotic stimuli consisting of heterosexual , male homosexual and lesbian videotapes ( but not necessarily in that order ) .
Their degree of sexual arousal was measured by penile plethysmography , which precisely measures and records male tumescence .
Men in both groups were aroused by about the same degree by the video depicting heterosexual sexual behavior and by the video showing two women engaged in sexual behavior .
The only significant difference in degree of arousal between the two groups occurred when they viewed the video depicting male homosexual sex :
' The homophobic men showed a significant increase in penile circumference to the male homosexual video , but the control [ nonhomophobic ] men did not . '
Broken down further , the measurements showed that while 66 % of the nonhomophobic group showed no significant tumescence while watching the male homosexual video , only 20 % of the homophobic men showed little or no evidence of arousal .
Similarly , while 24 % of the nonhomophobic men showed definite tumescence while watching the homosexual video , 54 % of the homophobic men did .
When asked to give their own subjective assessment of the degree to which they were aroused by watching each of the three videos , men in both groups gave answers that tracked fairly closely with the results of the objective physiological measurement , with one exception : the homophobic men significantly underestimated their degree of arousal by the male homosexual video .
Click through to see an incredible graphic chart of the Blazers season of injuries created by Dan Sweet .
-- Ben Golliver | benjamin.golliver@gmail.com | Twitter
Original Post by Dan Sweet ...
Blazer fans have to be extremely impressed with the Blazers ' performance this season despite the rash of injuries they suffered .
I 've been asking around everywhere for a complete breakdown of the team 's injuries over 2009 - 10 , but got nowhere , so I made one myself .
The file is a resolution that is perfect for widescreen monitor wallpapers ( if you can't find the size here , get it here ) , in case you need encouragement for any adversity you face in the near future .
via www.dan-sweet.com
Fellow Blazer superfan Brandon Goldner had the idea to show this information graphically , and he and Jens Odegaard helped with the research .
Enjoy !
About Cookies on this site :
This website works best using cookies which are currently enabled .
If you continue we ’ll assume you ’re OK to receive cookies .
More about cookie settings is contained within the Privacy Page .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Ten months and sixteen days ago , I left my heart in Vancouver .
It was one of the toughest things I 've ever had to do , but it was worth it .
My love for you grew stronger as I counted down the days until I would see you once more .
Every kiss , every touch , every glance had to last until the next time .
Every time I would hear your voice on the phone , I came alive again .
It has been ten long months ... but those months apart cannot compare to a lifetime together .
I remember when you told me about your guilty pleasure , CL 's missed connections .
I had never heard of it .
I thought it was bizarre , but you called it hopeful and romantic .
You described how beautiful it is for one to explore this measure by just being affected by a glance or a smile .
I felt your passion .
I felt your love for love .
Most importantly , I felt myself falling in love with you .
Baby , you and I are hardly a missed connection .
But the same day you told me of your guilty pleasure , you told me you secretly wished to have one written for you .
I know I 'm a few years late on this one ... Today I will be reunited with my heart for good .
And when I finally kiss you and hold your hands in mine , I will remember that not all connections are missed .
In a few hours , I 'll call you to wake you up like I do everyday .
You 'll go for your work out and come home to shower .
At 9 am , you 'll check your emails and read missed connections like you do everyday .
At roughly 12:45 pm today when you pick me up from YVR , you 'll answer the question I 've been dying to ask for the past three and a half years .
I love you .
Forever yours , Julian Harper
Rome , Italy ( CNN ) -- Pope Benedict XVI will appoint a special envoy to run a Mexican Catholic order whose founder abused minor - age seminarians and fathered three children with two women , the Vatican said Saturday .
A Vatican statement said the pope will also appoint a commission to review the constitution of the Legion of Christ .
Critics had called for the order to be dissolved and its top leaders forced out , saying that the scandal has done irreparable damage to the religious sect .
In late March , the sect revealed the Rev. Marcial Maciel 's transgression and asked for forgiveness for the " the reprehensible actions of our founder . "
In its statement Saturday , the Vatican said , " the conduct of P. Marcial Maciel Degollado has caused a series of consequences on the life and structure of the Legion , such to require a way of deep revision .
" The very serious and objectively immoral behaviour of P. Maciel , confirmed by incontrovertible accounts sometimes turned into true crimes .
They show a life lacking scruples and authentic religious calling .
Of this side of life , a great part of the Legionaries were in the dark -- especially given the system of relationship built by P. Maciel , who very skillfully knew how to create alibis , obtain loyalty , trust and silence from those around him and strengthened his own role as charismatic founder . "
The abuse allegations surfaced in 1997 .
The Vatican started an investigation into Maciel 's actions in 2004 and concluded in May 2006 that he was guilty of sexual abuse , the order said .
Law enforcement officials apparently were not informed .
The Vatican , taking Maciel 's health and age into consideration , asked him to give up public ministry , the group said .
Pope Benedict XVI approved the decision .
Maciel died two years ago .
Although leaders at the Legion of Christ knew of the abuse since May 2006 , they kept it quiet until March 2009 .
Javier Bravo , spokesman for the sect in Mexico and Central America , said Legion leaders did not reveal the accusations sooner because " it has been a very difficult process .
We were n't ready to assimilate it before . "
He later told CNN , " we have to recognize the facts as they are . "
In addition to sexually assaulting young seminarians , Maciel fathered at least three children , the group said .
The priest had a daughter from a stable relationship with a woman , and two men said they are his children from a relationship with another woman .
Maciel , born in March 1920 , founded the Legion of Christ in January 1941 .
According to the order , the Legion of Christ has a presence in 24 countries .
The first Legionaries arrived in Spain in 1946 , and the order established a center in Rome in 1950 .
In the 1960s , the Legion established itself in Ireland and the United States .
In the 1980s , the order expanded into more countries in South America and Central Europe .
The Legion says it recently began pastoral projects in Eastern Europe and Philippines .
The announcement about Maciel comes against a deepening crisis in the Catholic church , which is investigating complaints of abuse in Ireland , Germany , Britain and several other countries .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Scottish National Party ( SNP ) aims to raise £ 50,000 to proceed with legal action over the prime ministerial debate on BBC 1 on Thursday .
The party said it was not trying to stop the broadcast but it wanted an SNP politician included " for balance " .
Plaid Cymru said it supported the SNP 's stance but would not take part in joint action due to separate legal systems .
Scottish Labour described the SNP 's move as " desperate action from a party desperate to appear relevant " .
The SNP said it had started a " fighting fund " to raise the money over a 48 - hour period , stating shortly before 1800 BST on Sunday it had managed to raise £ 26,000 .
If the appeal is a success , the party intends to lodge papers at the Court of Session in Edinburgh on Tuesday morning .
Everyone knows it is a stitch - up demanded by the London - based parties and meekly agreed to by the BBC
Alex Salmond MSP
SNP leader
The SNP said its proposed action would seek to ensure that the debate was broadcast in Scotland " with the nation 's political make - up fairly reflected " .
This would involve either having SNP representation in Thursday 's debate or through an agreement to have a further " fair leaders ' debate " organised before polling day .
SNP leader Alex Salmond said : " The decision by the BBC , who are meant to be Scotland 's national broadcaster , paid for by our licence fees , not to have the country 's political make - up properly represented next Thursday is a democratic disgrace .
" Everyone knows it is a stitch - up demanded by the London - based parties and meekly agreed to by the BBC .
" That 's why the SNP are today launching a fighting fund to raise the money needed to challenge the BBC 's decision in court . "
SNP ' vanity '6 Mr Salmond said the cash needed for the action was " a huge sum " for his party but he felt the issue was " too important to ignore " .
Labour candidate for Inverclyde , David Cairns , said the SNP 's hopes of challenging the debate format was an act of desperation .
" There have already been two Scottish debates , televised across Scotland , on Scottish issues that involve the four main parties in Scotland and there will be another to come before polling day , " he said .
" These prime ministerial debates are not here to feed Alex Salmond 's vanity , they are to help people make an important decision about who should lead this country . "
Last week , the BBC Trust did not uphold a complaint from the SNP and Plaid Cymru over their exclusion from the debate .
Mr Salmond , Scottish Secretary Jim Murphy , shadow Scottish secretary David Mundell and Liberal Democrat Scottish spokesman Alistair Carmichael have taken part in a debate on Sky News .
The 90 - minute programme saw each politician respond to individual questions and take part in a session of open debate .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Un procédé de reconnaissance biométrique dans un salon technologique au Japon , en octobre 2007 .
REUTERS / © Michael Caronna / Reuters
Des tramways de Rotterdam , aux Pays - Bas , vont être équipés d'appareils biométriques capables de détecter les fraudeurs et les fauteurs de trouble .
La ville a décrété , il y deux ans , une interdiction de fréquenter ses lignes pour certains usagers .
Elle entend passer à l'étape suivante et tester désormais , sur les rames de sa ligne Rotterdam - Sud , des caméras capables de repérer les personnes qui enfreindraient cette interdiction .
Le gouvernement doit approuver , en outre , une demande de la compagnie régionale RET visant à punir d'une amende de 3 800 euros au maximum ou d'une peine de 2 mois de prison , ceux qui , interdits de transport , embarqueraient quand même .
AVERTISSEMENT SILENCIEUX
Pour l'instant , cinq usagers sont frappés d'une interdiction d'emprunter la ligne n°2 , rapporte le quotidien NRC Handelsblad .
La société va prochainement tester des caméras reliées à un équipement qui analysera des dizaines de points du visage , la distance entre les yeux , la largeur de la mâchoire etc .
Les données seront comparées à celles d'un ordinateur central reprenant les caractéristiques d'usagers turbulents ou qui ne paient pas leur billet .
En cas d'infraction constatée , un avertissement silencieux sera envoyé au conducteur .
La société RET , qui gère le réseau , affirme qu'elle ne conservera pas les données enregistrées concernant les autres passagers mais certains politiques entendent obtenir des explications avant le lancement de l'expérience .
Une évaluation aura lieu en 2011 et permettra , notamment , de déterminer la marge d'erreur du système .
RET affirme qu'elle ne peut utiliser des moyens humains supplémentaires pour assurer la sécurité et estime que ses caméras joueront surtout un rôle préventif .
Le ministre de la justice soutient l'expérience de Rotterdam , à laquelle il entend affecter 100 000 euros .
The advancement of technology , and the changes in our society , have made a number of jobs obsolete .
Automation has made it possible for machines to do the jobs humans once did – and do them faster .
As a result , it 's little surprise that some jobs are in decline and others have disappeared altogether .
Here are 20 jobs that have disappeared over the decades .
Lector
In New York City and Florida , cigar makers often became bored .
They hired lectors to read to them while they worked .
Lectors could read just about any material requested , and were paid using pooled wages of the workers .
Lectors were placed in a chair on a raised platform so that most of the workers could hear .
Copy Boy
Errand runners used to take paper from desk to desk in newspaper offices around the country .
When reports came out of teletype machines from the news wire services , copy boys would take the mimeographed information , sort it and then deliver it .
Then , when a story was done , the copy boys could collect the article and take it to an editor .
Now it ’s all done via document sharing and e-mail .
Log Driver
In the late 19th century and early 20th century , the easiest way to move logs over long distances was to send them down the river .
Log drivers were needed to guide the logs down river .
Men moved ahead of the logs to remove obstructions , while others remained behind to free stuck logs .
Because they did such dangerous work , log drivers were paid a much higher salary than those that cut down the trees .
Lamplighter
Before electric lights were standard , streets were lit by gas lamps .
As you might imagine , someone was needed to manually light these lamps .
Lamplighters used long ladders to reach the lamps , and then used matches to light the lamps .
With electric street lights illuminating the night , lamplighters are obsolete .
Pinsetter
When you go bowling , a machine comes down and clears away the fallen pins , and sets up new pins .
Before technology made automation possible , though , boys and girls did this job .
While these pinsetters were often teenagers , sometimes they were much younger .
Now , there is no need to have someone set up the pins , although the manager may need to go behind if the machine gets stuck .
Switchboard Operator
All the way through the 1980s , switchboard operators were used to some capacity .
All calls had to be routed through switchboards in the early days of phones .
In the 1980s , switchboard operators were mainly used for long - distance calling , and to take down phone numbers if all the circuits were busy .
Now , nearly all calling is digitized — even your callback if the line is busy ( rare with call waiting ) is automated .
Telegraph Operator
This job is even more obsolete than a switchboard operator .
The operator used Morse code or some other code system to send messages .
The operator was also required to interpret the messages he or she received .
Telegraph operators played large roles in World War I and World War II .
Ice Cutter
In order to keep food properly cold , an icebox used to be required .
And for an icebox , you needed ice .
However , you could n’t just find it at any store .
Instead , it was cut from frozen lakes and rivers .
Before refrigeration , ice was cut by men who worked hard to get it out of the frozen north .
Then the ice was delivered around the country .
Ice Delivery
After being cut out of lakes and rivers , and stored in icehouses , ice was then delivered to homes .
Ice production in factores later on still required deliveries to homes .
Only the widespread use of refrigerators ended the need for ice delivery , since people could keep their food cold without ice .
Dictaphone Operator
Company executives and other important people often dictated memos , letters and other documents using a Dictaphone .
A Dictaphone operator would listen through headphones and type what he or she heard .
Dictaphones are no longer needed , with more convenient digital recorders .
There are even some programs that transcribe automatically , without the need for someone to type .
Typing Pool
Typing used to be a very female occupation .
Large numbers of them often did the typing for a number of organizations .
They sat in what were known as typing pools , and created documents of all types .
The way to get a promotion was to distinguish oneself in the typing pool , and perhaps be offered the chance to be a secretary .
Newspaper Typesetter
Individual pieces of type used to have to be placed in printing presses in order to create newspaper pages and other documents on a mass scale .
Now , of course , computers do the work of layout for newspapers , automating the process so that it is done more quickly , and arguably more accurately .
Elevator Operator
It used to be that elevators needed someone to manually operate them , often using levers to help keep things moving as efficiently as possible , and to properly land the elevator cab on the correct floor .
Even after buttons were created to help , an operator was still required , since the buttons did n’t allow for extra stops .
Now , of course , push button operation makes this job unnecessary .
Mimeograph Operator
It used to be that the process of creating mimeographs was sometimes given to an operator .
This allowed copies to made while the person requesting them accomplished other tasks .
Now , though , mimeographs have been replaced by all sorts of digital machines , and the simple push of a button from a computer can get someone all the copies he or she needs .
Street Sweeper
Before those huge trucks we think of as street cleaners were invented , street sweepers were needed to help clear debris off streets .
Street sweepers used brooms to manually sweep streets in parts of town that were considered more desirable .
No , of course , large brushes attached to tracks do that job .
Sandman
This is n’t a reference to sleep or death .
Sand used to be used to help dry the ink on letters .
A dusting of fine sand could be used to keep the ink from blotting , drying it quickly .
However , the finest sand for this job could n’t just be taken from the garden .
A man actually sold it door to door .
Now , ballpoint pens are used when one writes a letter at all .
More often , an email is sent .
No need for the sandman .
Sawyer
When building a house , it was necessary to obtain wood .
This was true of building furniture , fencing , barrows and wagons .
If you need wood , you could go to a sawyer .
These men worked over pits , sawing wood as it was needed .
However , thanks to electric saws and machines that can pre-cut wood to different lengths , all you need to do is head to the home improvement store — and sawyers are out of jobs .
Manual Part Loading
It used to be that workers were needed to man the assembly lines at car manufacturers .
Manual part loading was the job when cars were assembled in large part by hand .
Each worker loaded one particular part into the car .
Now , though , robotic arms do most of the work when it comes to part loading .
Breaker Boy
Back in the day when coal mining was relatively new and widespread — and less automated — there was the need for sorters to go through and get rid of the debris that was n’t coal .
Additionally , it was necessary for the coal to be broken down into usable sizes .
The job was often done by boys .
With child labor laws being enacted , and with increased automation , this job became extinct .
Rag and Bone Man
Before automotive transport and organized garbage collection made it easier to throw things out , rag and bone men went through the streets with a barrow or a horse drawn cart and collected junk from householders .
Rags were collected for paper and fabric making , and bones were collected for glue .
Rag and bone men would also collect iron scraps and even other unwanted items .
The Endangered List
Other jobs are rapidly disappearing as well .
Here are a few more jobs that you probably wo n’t see much of anymore :
Bon-bon dipper
Check writer
Finger cobbler
Clock hand inspector
Quartermaster
Sea sponge harvester
Globe mounter
If you are doing any of these , it ’s time to find a new career !
Sir John A. Macdonald is credited with developing Canada 's first transcontinental railway and founding the RCMP .
( Library and Archives Canada ) Canada 's first prime minister was to be honoured Wednesday at a special ceremony in the Scottish Highlands .
Sir John A. Macdonald was born in Glasgow in the Lowlands of Scotland in 1815 and emigrated with his family to Ontario at age five .
He became prime minister at Confederation in 1867 and served for 18 years , the second - longest term in Canadian history .
His face adorns Canada 's $ 10 bill .
A plaque in Macdonald 's honour will be unveiled at a ceremony in Dalnavert , near Aviemore , Scotland .
The ceremony coincides with Manitoba Day — honouring the province that Macdonald created and one that has an enduring bond to Scotland .
" Scotland has long enjoyed a close bond with Canada and its people , " Scottish Community Safety Minister Fergus Ewing , told the BBC .
" It is a relationship which stretches back centuries and continues today with our strong social , cultural and economic links . "
Macdonald is credited with developing the Canadian transcontinental railway and founding the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
" Sir John A. Macdonald is one of Scotland 's most famous sons and had a huge impact on Canada and its people , " Ewing said .
Queen Victoria knighted Macdonald in 1867 .
He died in 1891 at the age of 76 .
His son , Hugh John Macdonald followed him into politics , becoming premier of Manitoba and naming his residence in Winnipeg Dalnavert , which now houses a museum .
LAKE FOREST – Four Orange County patients — who last week lost their request that a federal judge issue a temporary injunction preventing Lake Forest and Costa Mesa from shutting down marijuana dispensaries in their cities – are taking their case to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeal .
“ We are appealing the case , ” said Matthew Pappas , a Mission Viejo attorney representing Marla James , Wayne Washington , James Armatrout and Charles Daniel .
According to John Pappas , a paralegal working with Matthew Pappas , the reporter ’s transcript for the appeal has been ordered and is in the process of being completed .
Matthew Pappas said the appeal will be filed this week .
“ We reviewed the law and we clearly think it is in favor of the patients , ” said Pappas .
“ It is a situation where we believe the 9th Circuit Court will agree with our position . ”
The four patients , who are using medical marijuana dispensaries in Lake Forest and Costa Mesa , argued through Pappas that the Americans with Disabilities
Act gave disabled people a federally protected right to use medical marijuana if such use is legal under state law and done with appropriate supervision .
The four had asked the court to temporarily prevent the cities from taking any further action against medical marijuana collectives ; bar the cities from violating the rights of qualified people under the ADA ; award damages for past actions in violation of the ADA ; and award attorneys ’ fees .
Pappas argued his clients would suffer irreparable harm absent a preliminary injunction against the cities .
In his ruling on made public on May 3 , U.S. District Court Judge Andrew Guilford ’s ruled in favor of the cities .
In his judgment filed April 30 , he concluded : “ At this stage , the court agrees with defendants .
Marijuana is a Schedule I controlled substance under the Controlled Substances Act , and under that Act , it currently has no medical purpose . ”
Jeffrey Dunn , who represented the city of Lake Forest in this case , calls Pappas ’ decision to go forward “ disappointing . ”
“ The plaintiffs ’ claims are without any legal support and it is costly to the city to defend this , ” he said .
Contact the writer : 949-454-7307 or eritchie@ocregister.com
Posted on May 18 , 2010
Al Gore Gives Depressing Commencement Speech On Global Warming
Americans for Prosperity : Instead of providing encouragement for the graduates of the University of Tennessee , Al Gore takes the opportunity to promote his doomsday global warming scenarios .
It looks like Tinchy Stryder is already ready to release his sophomore album , and this track Gangsta ?
( Game Over ) is the first single to be taken from it .
It ’s certainly not as accessible as many of his previous singles which I think will surprise many , but the inclusion of Tinie Tempah will ensure that the public will be out in their droves to buy it regardless .
Federal mine - safety officials said Thursday that they closed six Kentucky mines and issued more than 1,000 citations for safety violations as a result of a nationwide sweep last month of 57 coal mines with a history of repeat safety violations .
The five - day inspection blitz was in response to the April 5 explosion that killed 29 at Massey Energy Co. 's Upper Big Branch mine in West Virginia , which had been cited repeatedly for dangerous conditions .
Two ...
I recently reported that the judge in James O’Keefe ’s criminal case ordered the destruction of the footage of James O’Keefe ’s entry into Senator Mary Landrieu ’s offices .
O’Keefe has confirmed on Twitter that the Government returned his recording equipment , but deleted the footage from inside Sen. Landrieu ’s offices .
This is especially concerning in light of the recent publication of court documents in which the Government admits that a member of Landrieu ’s staff had told O’Keefe ’s companions , on tape , that there had been no problem with the phones :
One of Senator Landrieu ’s staff members ( WITNESS 1 ) told BASEL and FLANAGAN that she did not report any phone problems and that the office was not experiencing any issues with the phone system .
I ’m interested in the First Amendment implications of a court ordering the destruction of a copyrighted work with possible political relevance — with no apparent statutory authority , plea agreement provision , or national security concern to justify it .
I know of no law that justifies destruction of the taped footage .
The federal forfeiture statute has no application .
It applies only to crimes “ punishable by imprisonment for more than one year ” — in other words , felonies .
Instead , O’Keefe pled to a misdemeanor punishable by a maximum sentence of 6 months .
The forfeiture statute does not apply to such misdemeanors , and did not provide the Government with authority to retain the footage .
Surrendering the footage was not part of the plea agreement .
You can read the plea agreement here .
It contains no provision requiring surrender of the footage .
Finally , there is nothing in the footage that would be dangerous if leaked .
O’Keefe has confirmed to me that he and his companions accessed only the public reception area of Landrieu ’s office .
Any member of the public could walk into the places that they walked .
There are no deep dark secrets that the terrorists would learn upon viewing such footage .
In addition to the lack of justification for destroying the footage , we have a positive reason that it should have been turned over long ago : namely , this was potentially exculpatory evidence in O’Keefe ’s criminal case .
The Government has now admitted , in court documents signed by the Government lawyer , that the evidence shows O’Keefe ’s intent was “ not to actually tamper with the phone system , or to commit any other felony ” but rather “ to orchestrate a conversation about phone calls to the Senator ’s staff and capture the conversation on video . ”
This means that the tape recording made by O’Keefe , when viewed in the light of O’Keefe ’s history as an undercover video journalist , did not support the Government ’s original charge that O’Keefe entered with the intent to commit a felony .
It sure sounds like the tape was exculpatory evidence , which the Constitution requires prosecutors to turn over immediately .
Instead , they held on to the tape , and agreed after about two months to reduce the charge to a misdemeanor , which is all they could ever prove anyway .
It seems fairly obvious to me that the First Amendment would prohibit the judge from returning the footage to O’Keefe , and then ordering him not to publish it .
Yet he managed to accomplish the same thing in ordering its destruction .
Now , the public will never learn what was on that footage .
The footage would have revealed much about the soundness of the Government ’s charges against O’Keefe .
And , as the Government admits in court documents , it would have shown a member of Sen .
Landrieu ’s staff denying that there was any problem with the phones .
What possible justification is there for destroying such evidence ?
Any First Amendment experts want to weigh in ?
UPDATE : Thanks to Instapundit for the link .
Readers might also be interested in James O’Keefe ’s first full public account of the New Orleans events , which I have published here .
Plenty more recent news on this story breaking in my ACORN / O’Keefe category .
Well week 7 got started midweek with ; DC United 2 - 1 over KC , Chivas 4 - 0 over New England , FC Dallas 1 - 0 over Houston , and LA 1 - 0 over Colorado .
For 6 of those teams they will have the quick turnaround and be back in action on Saturday .
LA Galaxy at Seattle Sounders FC - 2 pm MT - Telefutura
Many Sounders fans are starting to panic , their team is just 2 - 2 - 3 and things do n't seem as easy as they did last year , the reality is welcome to MLS .
It can be easy when teams do n't know what to expect but we all know the speed of Zakuani , the grit of Alonso , and the talent of Fred2 .
The Galaxy went from being the overwhelming favorite in MLS Cup that lost , to simply being the class of the league so far in 2010 .
So what will happen when LA revisits Qwest field site of 2009 heartbreak , and as Sounders look to reclaim their home field advantage ?
Seattle faces some nagging injury problems with Noonan , Evans , Graham , and Marshall , with Jaqua still on the disabled list , but their lineup is still one of the most impressive ones in MLS with speed and skill in almost every position and the leadership of Kasey Keller and Ljungberg .
It is a bit troublesome that they are dead even with 8 goals scored and 8 allowed , but it only is a matter of time until Ljungberg opens his goal account of 2010 .
Can their defense do a better job of stopping the likes of Edson Buddle , that is the question every team facing LA is trying to answer right now .
Without a healthy Marshall that task will likely fall to Patrick Ianni , will he be up to it ?
So MLS did LA no favors this week as this will be their 3rd match in 7 days , and 2nd on the road .
They were able to get a 1 - 0 win in Colorado in a tough fought match , they got their first goal of the year that did n't involve Edson Buddle .
We all know the engine of LA is Landon Donovan , but the fuel this year has been the incredible start of Edson Buddle , who has when healthy always been a solid striker but few expected this 9 goals and 1 assist start to the 2010 season .
The fact that the LA defense has been so solid , allowing just 2 goals in 7 matches , is no surprise as it was the area of greatest improvement for the Galaxy last year .
Back from his injury in MLS cup , the other Donovan has been perhaps more impressive with a 0.29 GAA , and 5 shutouts , but his defense has limited teams to just 21 shots on goal so far this year .
So which defense and keeper will blink first in this matchup ?
You have to believe this will be an end to end match with lots of energy but I have a feeling it will end up in a 2 - 1 win for the Galaxy who simply are firing on all cylinders early in the MLS season .
Chicago Fire at Toronto FC - 2 pm MT - Direct Kick
Like a lot of week 7 matchups , this one will go a long way in letting people know who is for real and who might just be pretending .
TFC is unbeaten in their two home matches over Philly and Seattle , but winless on the road , resulting in a 4 - 2 - 0 record , with all but one of their goals being scored by Dwayne De Rosario .
Chicago is 2 - 2 - 2 and as good on the road 1 - 1 - 1 as they at home , the Fire have gotten goals from 5 different players , while Dykstra has been solid in goal with a 1.00 GAA .
It is clear that so far this season Toronto has lived off set pieces as 3 of their 7 goals have come from the PK spot and one more came from a direct free kick ( all by De Ro ) .
So can the team that has only scored two goals from the run of play in 6 matches find a way to win without the PK spot ?
With the " RSL experiment " over and head coach Preki admitting trying to play with 10 men behind the ball was a mistake , so it is no surprise that De Ro , de Guzman , and Cronin are all back in the starting lineup .
For me the key might just be the play of Nick LaBrocca on offense , and Nana Attakora on defense , both were the stars for TFC last weekend .
Chicago has found a way to score without Blanco , and their defense has remained solid , the creativity now comes from Pappa and Husidic and so far they have been very good with 4 goals and two assists between them .
They also have McBride and Collins John up top with 3 more goals and two more assists .
Carlos de los Cobos ran into a tough test last weekend with Chivas USA and the Red 's could be just as tough this weekend as BMO field is a tough place for opposing teams to get results .
Only 5 teams have gotten a win in Toronto in the last two seasons , and I just am not sure that Chicago will be able to this weekend , I pick this one to end 1 - 1 .
Philadelphia Union at Real Salt Lake - 2 pm MT - Direct Kick
Yeah right that one will be coming on Friday afternoon
New England Revolution at Columbus Crew - 5 pm MT - Fox Soccer Channel
The Revolution have played almost twice as many matches ( 7 ) as Columbus ( 4 ) , both teams have two wins , but New England has 4 losses .
In fact New England 's two wins are over DC United and Toronto FC , teams at the bottom of the Eastern Conference , and they have n't won a match since April 10th , 0 - 3 - 1 since then .
The Crew are a solid team that has to be honest gotten lucky in their last two matches , a draw against Seattle in a match that they were outplayed in , and a win over RSL again in a match they were out played in and could only score from the PK spot , while RSL had a goal pulled off the scoreboard .
You have to wonder how good is Columbus , and how bad is New England .
While New England will get two suspended players back as Dube and Niouky are back from their red card suspension , but Perovic will be out on red card suspension .
New England will also be without Matt Reis , Taylor Twellman , Emmanuel Osei , Mike Videira , and Shalrie Joseph , the good news is that the early leader for Rookie of the Year , Zack Schilawski , who leads the team with 4 goals ( or half of New England 's 8 ) appears to be fitting in well to the MLS style .
Even with former USMNT player Cory Gibbs on their backline the Rev defense has allowed 11 goals , tied for 3 worst in MLS .
You have to wonder what Steve Nicol can pull out next to try to get the Revolution back to their traditional winning ways ?
Only two teams have n't tasted defeat yet in MLS , the LA Galaxy ( 6 - 0 - 1 ) and Columbus ( 2 - 0 - 2 ) , and the reality is that Columbus is one of the best teams at home in MLS and while they will be without Danny O'Rourke who is suspended for the second time for a red card .
Injuries have Gino Padula listed as doubtful and Chad Marshall may be listed as probably but he has only played once so far this year .
For Columbus their gameplan starts with defense , they have only allowed 3 goals so far this year and none in their two home matches .
So far this year half of their offense has come from GBS who has 3 of their 6 goals , I would expect that the Crew will keep their perfect home record and pick up the win 2 - 1 .
DC United at FC Dallas - 7 pm MT - Direct Kick
This match had the potential last weekend to be one of the biggest stinkers in a long time for MLS , but both teams put together impressive efforts on Wednesday to get their first wins of 2010 and now the question is which team can maintain their momentum from their midweek matchup ?
FC Dallas gets the home field advantage if it is one with the smallest crowds in MLS so far this year , they are just 0 - 0 - 3 at home .
DC
United of course has n't won on the road and their only goals away from RFK came at Philly ( 2 ) , while they have given up 7 .
Injuries continue to plague the men in black , Burch , Jakovic , Namoff , Pontius , Quinn , and James are listed as out or questionable , while Pena , Rice , and Simms are listed as probable .
It was the work of Danny Allsopp on Wednesday that got both goals for United in their 2 - 1 win over the Wizards , their first goals at home and Danny 's first goals of his MLS career .
The defense held up their end giving up just a single goal , but United is still - 10 in goal differential on the season and they will have to improve if they are to get more wins .
As small as the crowds may be at Pizza Hut Park , the team is starting to look a lot better , they got a draw with New England last weekend , and beat Houston in Houston for the first time ever on Wednesday .
They will be without Jair Benitez who adds some bite to both their defense and offensive effort , he is on red card suspension , and the projected lineup has Pearce moving back the the backline after a midweek match in the midfield .
Kevin Hartman appears to have secured his place in goal for now , and now will need to get the defense in front of him organized and working together .
Dallas has been very fortunate this year already getting 3 PK's awarded to them and Jeff Cunningham has converted all 3 .
This matchup should be interesting as both teams look to prove that the midweek win was just the start of their turnaround .
I am going with the home team to get their first home win of 2010 as this one ends up 1 - 0 FC Dallas .
New York Red Bulls at San Jose Earthquakes - 8 pm MT - Direct Kick
If you had to pick two teams as early season surprises it would be San Jose who after a bad 3 - 0 loss ont heir opener have improved their record to 3 - 2 - 0 , including 2 wins over Eastern Conference foes .
The Red Bulls , have to be the biggest surprise with just a single loss as they lead the East at 5 - 1 - 0 .
Both sides have lost to Chivas USA at the Home Depot Center , and this early season matchup of surprises is my match of the week .
I like a lot of people really wonder what is going on with New York , the only really impressive win of their 5 is the win at Seattle , beating DC United , FC Dallas , and Philly ( a combined 3 wins ) just is n't impressive .
I have been impressed with their style of play , they do a nice job of possessing the ball and scoring ( 8 goals in 6 matches ) , while their defense has done nicely allowing just 4 goals in 6 matches .
Rookie defender Tim Ream has impressed many , while i think it has been the play of Joel Lindpere has been a plus for a team that clearly was missing a creative playmaker last year .
One might look at the 4 goals of Juan Pablo Angel might look impressive , half of them have come from the PK spot .
San Jose is starting to get healthier , as they only have Omar Jasseh listed as out and in San Jose the Quakes hold a 10 - 2 - 2 record against the Red Bulls / Metrostars , while out scoring them 28 to 14 .
I have been very impressed with the efforts of rookie Ike Opara who has been solid on defense and already has 2 goals and would be my choice for rookie of the year after 6 weeks .
One has to wonder how good San Jose will be if Ryan Johnson can start scoring the way he did last year ?
They key for San Jose is how their defense does , in 3 wins they have given up just a single goal , in their two losses they have given up 6 , so can San Jose shut down the Red Bulls ?
I do n't think they can shut them down but I think they can clip their wings and pull out a 2 - 1 win at home .
Houston Dynamo at Chivas USA - 8:30 pm - MT
The battle for second place in the West and the battle of the two most evenly matched teams in MLS , consider that both have 3 - 3 - 1 records , Chivas has a + 1 goal differential , while Houston is + 2 , the only real edge may come in the fact that Chivas is 2 - 1 - 0 at home and Houston is 0 - 1 - 1 on the road .
Houston is still battling injuries to Ching , and Cameron and establishing who will be the creative force in their midfield .
Chivas has many new faces but wow they seem to be finding a way to come together and in recent weeks you have to be impressed with Martin Vasquez 's squad .
Chivas has struggled against Houston winning just a single game against them in 13 matches , they have scored just 8 goals while giving up 23 .
This team however looked really good against New England , even before the man advantage and have 4 results ( 3 - 1 - 1 ) in their last 5 matches .
Some of the mystery names like Padilla are becoming more and more well known , you have to wonder who will be the next one to step up and get his name on the lips of Chivas fans ?
It had to be a heart breaker for Houston as they dropped a 1 - 0 decision at home , now they head out on the road for the 3rd time this year and they will have to battle a hot team as they try to get their first win away from Robertson Stadium .
I really liked the energy of Oduro and Landin over the last few matches and they are both capable of breaking opponent 's hearts in an instant .
I have been less impressed with the defense of the Dynamo who have given up 7 goals so far this year and 3 on the road , they will need a much better effort if they hope to slow down Chivas who have scored 8 in their last 3 matches .
I do n't think they will be able to shut down the Goats at home and Chivas get a 3 - 2 win in a great match .
My Picks
LA Galaxy 2 - Seattle Sounders 1
Chicago Fire 1 - Toronto FC 1
Columbus Crew 2 - New England Revolution 1
FC Dallas 1 - DC
United 0
San Jose 2 - New York Red Bulls 1
Chivas USA 3 - Houston Dynamo 2
A few days after the events of September 11 , this newspaper published a response by Jay McInerney , supposedly the creator of " the definitive modern New York novel " .
He told us that on that very Tuesday , still shaken and shocked , he took lunch at Time Café , " a once fashionable dining spot " .
And who should immediately enter but " the actress Jennifer Beals ... a camera around her neck , looking slightly dazed " .
Later , McInerney repairs to the apartment of another New York novelist , Bret Easton Ellis .
On Bret 's kitchen counter he sees an invitation to a literary party , and blurts out : " I 'm glad I do n't have a book coming out this month " - a statement he knows to be " a selfish and trivial response to the disaster , but one I thought he would understand . "
Bret replies that he was just thinking the same thing .
Then Jay says to Bret : " I do n't know how I 'm going to be able to go back to this novel I 'm writing . "
He adds , to the reader : " The novel is set in New York , of course .
The very New York which has just been altered for ever . "
Is McInerney right ?
Will the horrid alteration of America 's greatest city also alter the American novel ?
One is naturally suspicious of all the eschatological talk about how the time for trivia has ended , and how only seriousness is now on people 's minds - not least because the people saying it are usually themselves trivial and , as in McInerney 's piece , are thus unwitting arguments against their own new - found seriousness .
Doubtless , trivia and mediocrity will find their own level again , in novel - writing as in everything else .
And besides , the " New York novel " - as opposed to the novel set in New York - is a genre of no importance at all .
If I live the rest of my life without having to come across another book like Bret Easton Ellis 's New York novel , Glamorama , I will have very happily been what Psalm 81 calls " delivered from the pots " .
There has , of course , been great fiction set or partly set in New York : Melville 's story " Bartleby " , which is set in a Wall Street office ; Stephen Crane 's Maggie ; The Great Gatsby ; the last section of Theodore Dreiser 's novel , Sister Carrie , which rails splendidly against the capitalist inequities of what Dreiser calls " the Walled City " ; a chapter of Céline 's Journey to the End of the Night ; Henry Roth 's great novel of immigrant life , Call It Sleep ; Bellow 's Seize the Day and Mr Sammler 's Planet .
Yet as soon as one recalls these novels , it becomes difficult to imagine the precise ways in which they would have been different had they had to accommodate a mutilation of the kind visited upon the city on September 11 .
And that is partly because they are already dark books , in which the city looms jaggedly .
It is only the McInerneys , for whom Manhattan is a tinkle of restaurants , who are suddenly surrounded by the broken glass of their foolish optimism .
The pessimist is already ruined , and knows it .
What also unites these dark works of fiction is that their foci are human and metaphysical before they are social and documentary .
They are stories , above all , about individual consciousness , not about the consciousness of Manhattan .
Here , terrorism may well have an impact .
For after all , the dream of the Great American Novel has for many years really been the dream of the Great American Social Novel - certainly since John Dos Passos and Sinclair Lewis .
The Great American Social Novel , which strives to capture the times , to document American history , has been revivified by Don DeLillo 's Underworld , a novel of epic social power .
Lately , any young American writer of any ambition has been imitating DeLillo - imitating his tentacular ambition , the effort to pin down an entire writhing culture , to be a great analyst of systems , crowds , paranoia , politics ; to work on the biggest level possible .
The DeLilloan idea of the novelist as a kind of Frankfurt School entertainer - a cultural theorist , fighting the culture with dialectical devilry - has been woefully influential , and will take some time to die .
Nowadays anyone in possession of a laptop is thought to be a brilliance on the move , filling his or her novel with essaylets and great displays of knowledge .
Indeed , " knowing about things " has become one of the qualifications of the contemporary novelist .
Time and again novelists are praised for their wealth of obscure and far - flung social knowledge .
( Richard Powers is the best example , but Tom Wolfe also gets an easy ride simply for " knowing things " . )
The reviewer , mistaking bright lights for evidence of habitation , praises the novelist who knows about , say , the sonics of volcanoes .
Who also knows how to make a fish curry in Fiji !
Who also knows about terrorist cults in Kilburn !
And about the New Physics !
And so on .
The result - in America at least - is novels of immense self - consciousness with no selves in them at all , curiously arrested and very " brilliant " books that know a thousand things but do not know a single human being .
Zadie Smith is merely of her time when she says , in an interview , that it is not the writer 's job " to tell us how somebody felt about something , it 's to tell us how the world works " .
She has praised the American writers David Foster Wallace and Dave Eggers as " guys who know a great deal about the world .
They understand macro-microeconomics , the way the internet works , maths , philosophy , but ... they 're still people who know something about the street , about family , love , sex , whatever . "
But this idea - that the novelist 's task is to go on to the street and figure out social reality - may well have been altered by the events of September 11 , merely through the reminder that whatever the novel gets up to , the " culture " can always get up to something bigger .
Ashes defeat garlands .
If topicality , relevance , reportage , social comment , preachy presentism , and sidewalk - smarts - in short , the contemporary American novel in its current , triumphalist form - are novelists ' chosen sport , then they will sooner or later be outrun by their own streaking material .
Fiction may well be , as Stendhal wrote , a mirror carried down the middle of a road ; but the Stendhalian mirror would explode with reflections were it now being walked around Manhattan .
For who would dare to be knowledgeable about politics and society now ?
Is it possible to imagine Don DeLillo today writing his novel Mao II - a novel that proposed the foolish notion that the terrorist now does what the novelist used to do , that is , " alter the inner life of the culture " ?
Surely , for a while , novelists will be leery of setting themselves up as analysts of society , while society bucks and charges so helplessly .
Surely they will tread carefully over their generalisations .
It is now very easy to look very dated very fast .
For example , Jonathan Franzen 's distinguished new novel , The Corrections , has just appeared in America .
It is a big social novel trying hard not to be one - softened DeLilloism .
Franzen has announced a desire to take the DeLillo model and warmly people it with characters .
It 's an admirable project .
But there is a passage near the end of The Corrections about the end of the American 20th century that is pure social novel , and which now seems laughably archival : " It seemed to Enid that current events in general were more muted or insipid nowadays than they 'd been in her youth .
She had memories of the 1930s , she 'd seen firsthand what could happen to a country when the world economy took its gloves off ...
But disasters of this magnitude no longer seemed to befall the United States .
Safety features had been put in place , like the squares of rubber that every modern playground was paved with , to soften impacts . "
As McInerney might say , " I 'm glad I do n't have a novel coming out this month . "
The other casualty of recent events may well be - it is to be hoped - what I have called " hysterical realism " .
Hysterical realism is not exactly magical realism , but magical realism 's next stop .
It is characterised by a fear of silence .
This kind of realism is a perpetual motion machine that appears to have been embarrassed into velocity .
Stories and sub-stories sprout on every page .
There is a pursuit of vitality at all costs .
Recent novels by Rushdie , Pynchon , DeLillo , Foster Wallace , Zadie Smith and others have featured a great rock musician who played air guitar in his crib ( Rushdie ) ; a talking dog , a mechanical duck and a giant octagonal cheese ( Pynchon ) ; a nun obsessed with germs who may be a reincarnation of J Edgar Hoover ( DeLillo ) ; a terrorist group devoted to the liberation of Quebec who move around in wheelchairs ( Foster Wallace ) ; and a terrorist Islamic group based in North London with the silly acronym Kevin ( Smith ) .
Rushdie was at it again in his most recent book , Fury , a lamentable novel that combined hysterical realism - dolls , puppets , allegories , a coup on a Fiji - like island , rampant and tiresome caricature , and a noisy , clumsy prose - with the more traditional social novel .
Alas , the social - novel part of the book was set in Manhattan , and offered a kind of diary of last year 's Manhattan events .
We encountered Rudy and Hillary , J - Lo , the Puerto Rican parade , Bush versus Gore , the film Gladiator and so on .
Of course , the book was already obsolete when it appeared in early September , just before the terrorist attack .
Its trivia - tattoo had already faded .
But now it seems grotesque , a time - stamped scrap of paper .
It ought to be harder , now , either to bounce around in the false zaniness of hysterical realism or to trudge along in the easy fidelity of social realism .
Both genres look a little busted .
That may allow a space for the aesthetic , for the contemplative , for novels that tell us not " how the world works " but " how somebody felt about something " - indeed , how a lot of different people felt about a lot of different things ( these are commonly called novels about human beings ) .
A space may now open , one hopes , for the kind of novel that shows us that human consciousness is the truest Stendhalian mirror , reflecting helplessly the newly dark lights of the age .
" The city as an avatar of itself "
" They look uncannily like hyperdetailed models , absent the imperfections of reality .
Streets are strangely clean , trees look plastic , and odd distortions of scale create the opposite effect of what we expect from aerial photography – a complete overview , like military surveillance . "
Barbieri " achieves the distinctive look by photographing from a helicopter using a tilt - shift lens – a method , he says , that ' allows me to choose what I really like in focus : like in a written page , we do n't read [ it as an ] image but one line at a time . ' "
It 's geology disguised as sculpted chocolate ; a
" For Barbieri , " Metropolis says , " it is ' the city as an avatar of itself . ' "
So if he did take photos of
I 'm left wondering what this techique would achieve in the field of human portraiture .
The blurred heads of Francis Bacon meet some kind of plasticized mannequinization of the subject ...
Pickman 's Model .
The results could be horrific .
( See also BLDGBLOG 's look at the work of " It 's often hard to convince people that Olivo Barbieri 's aerial photographs are real , " Metropolis writes .
"
They look uncannily like hyperdetailed models , absent the imperfections of reality .
Streets are strangely clean , trees look plastic , and odd distortions of scale create the opposite effect of what we expect from aerial photography – a complete overview , like military surveillance .
" Barbieri " achieves the distinctive look by photographing from a helicopter using a tilt - shift lens – a method , he says , that ' allows me to choose what I really like in focus : like in a written page , we do n't read [ it as an ] image but one line at a time . '" It 's geology disguised as sculpted chocolate ; a Claymation paradise .
Herculean examples of American civic infrastructure look like nothing more than cardboard , flimsy and ridiculous .
( Amazingly , the second image , below , is a photograph of Hoover Dam ) .
" For Barbieri , " says , " it is ' the city as an avatar of itself . ' "
So if he did take photos of city models someday ... would they look real ?
I'm left wondering what this techique would achieve in the field of human portraiture .
The blurred heads of Francis Bacon meet some kind of plasticized mannequinization of the subject ... The results could be horrific .
( See also BLDGBLOG 's look at the work of Oliver Boberg ; and click here for another photo by Barbieri .
Meanwhile , thanks to Brent Kissel for the initiating email !
Thanks , as well , to Dan who I think might have mentioned Barbieri once ... ) .
Newer | Older
