This is an updated repost from a September 11 , 2008 .
It ’s was a popular post then but is far more relevant now that we see some of the bias in the recently released files .
It has to do with hockey sticks in general but the graphs are from data used in Mann08 , a paper by Michael Mann who is a key figure in many of the CRU emails .
This post should also answer some questions of the newcomers at the Air Vent .
— —-
Most of us have seen a ‘ hockey stick ’ graph like the one below indicating temperature .
It and others like it have been repeatedly used to demonstrate the recent warming of the earth .
But how was it created ?
Certainly there were no thermometers being recorded in 1000 AD .
Number 1 –
This data is considered the powerful evidence of man made climate change .
This graph clearly shows it is hotter now than in the past .
Scientists often quote the rapidity of the rise in the blade as the reason warming is man made .
Number 2 –
The red line is measured data from thermometers back to 1850 .
The red temperature data is from the HadCRUT series which was the subject of the legal FOIA requests being blocked by an apparent conspiracy between scientists and government employees in the recently released emails .
The source of the data for the red temperature curve is a critical part of understanding man ’s role in climate change .
The GISS temperature record is a comparable dataset which has massive corrections added right onto thermometer data .
The corrections are poorly validated and represent the majority of the warming signal for the past century .
Still HadCRUT has a higher warming trend and despite a lack of transparency is more often the curve of choice in global warming publications .
Number 3 –
The rest of the data comes from proxies .
Proxies are stand in measurements for temperature employing things such as tree ring width , mollusk shells , various kinds of coral and ice cores .
Number 4 –
There has been no verification or expirament that tree ring widths , mollusks or coral etc. measure temperature .
Instead the concept for each proxy started with a basic theory that the trees or other things might change width with temp .
The only verification is when the measured data from tree rings “ correlates ” after “ calibration ” to temperature .
There have been no laboratory verifications of the concept .
Number 5 –
In creating Figure 1 , the data from the proxies which match temperature trends are kept , and the remaining data are thrown away .
About 60 % of the data was thrown away in generating this graph above , the remaining 40 percent that did agree were from a variety of sources ( one tree was used , the one next to it was not ) .
Proxies are often very noisy data with little visible signal .
See a typical proxy below , selected because it was the first data proxy of the series used to create the hockey stick .
Number 6 –
The retained ( accepted ) data was scaled ( magnified ) and offset ( up and down ) to provide the best fit to today ’s temperature measurements .
After the averaging , the red temperature line above is glued on the end to extend the blade of the hockey stick .
Number 7 –
The fact that 40 % of the data when filtered has some similarity to temperature , is the sole rational for saying that tree ring width , and mollusk isotopes are actually temperature .
Number 8 –
Math techniques called CPS and EIV were used to generate the correlation and scaling of the proxy data for the graph above .
A wide variety of other methods which do similar things have also been used .
Number 9 –
Statisticians and scientists have repeatedly discredited the calculations involved .
Still ever more varieties are created and the main government branch for global warming Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has refused to relinquish this point .
This continues despite repeated demonstrations that the statistics seem to be specifically designed to pick out hockey stick shaped proxies from even random red noise data .
( see links above ) .
Number 10 –
Continued acceptance by the premier global warming scientists demonstrates a clear political bias at the top of the global warming community , leaving the world at the mercy of the conclusions of a large power hungry government organization .
( this was written in Sept of 2009 )
Now that the emails have been released including what appear to be discussions of bending data to fit the pre-determined conclusions , elimination of ‘ skeptical ’ editors and manipulation of IPCC rules to prevent the points here from being made , the truth of my statement is apparent .
What we can understand now .
This first graph , except for the red line at the end is not temperature , it is not science either but rather it is the output of a cleverly assembled statistical software designed to create hockey sticks .
This method and others like it have been used to generate hundreds of hockey stick graphs .
The sticks are created by small group of associated scientists with a preferred group of ‘ favorite ’ proxies using a variety of similar statistical methods .
Now that we have these emails from the scientists themselves , it ’s easy to see how they keep getting passed through peer review as evidence of global warming .
Proxy based temperatures cannot be trusted to reasonably define temperature history .
Basing economic and energy policy on this curve and others like it are the height of irresponsibility .
But it will continue .
Contents Platypus Concept Reference Contributions Comments
Other pages for this artwork cycle :
Platypus
Finestly
Concept
Yin and Yang - Dark and Bright ...
My idea is that many peoples loves dark - or bright - themes ... or they like to switch sometimes , depending the wallpaper they use .
The Theme is adjusted to the Humanity - Icons and pointed to be a simple EyeCandy - theme .
The used engine is murrine .
- enjoy -
Yin - Full size
Yang - Full size
Reference
FINESTLY - Yin -
Theme
FINESTLY - Yang - Theme
Contributions
* The light one is fantastic .
- Rich
* Version 0.9 - scholli - 03-02-2010
CategoryArtwork
The “ Blood - Curdling ” Name Steve Jobs Wanted For The iMac
Back in November , former TBWAChiatDay creative Ken Segal said that Steve Jobs ’ original name for the iMac would “ curdle your blood ” .
I guessed Macternet , but according to this account , that was n’t blood - curdling enough .
Jobs ’s alleged proposal was a lot worse :
Our sources claim that the name that Steve Jobs wanted was …
MacMan .
At the time , the name was being used by another company , called Midiman .
They manufactured the MacMan , a serial - to - MIDI adaptor with one input , three outputs , a serial passthrough switch and MIDI indicator LEDs .
According to this account , Apple came to them with an offer for the name , but Midiman ’s owner thought they did n’t offered enough ruby rupees .
He declined Apple ’s offer .
For the same reasons , I hope they do n’t go with Apple iSlate ( Apple Is Late ? ) .
It ’s not as bad as MacMan , but it ’s almost there .
In the wake of the item about Thomas Nagel 's high - profile endorsement of an incompetent book on " Intelligent Design " by Stephen Meyer , a leading shill for the Discovery [ sic ]
Institute , I 've heard from many philosopers , especially philosophers of science , who are livid about this .
A leading philosopher of biology , for example , gives expression to sentiments I have heard from several correpondents :
Thank you very much for your vigorous examination of Tom Nagel 's shameful stunt involving evolutionary biology .
The fact that he does n't know what he 's talking about regarding science has been apparent ever since The View from Nowhere , and here it shows again .
It reflects on all of us working in philosophy of science , though , when a " famous " philosopher acts so stupidly .
Arrogance is the keyword here , I 'm sure .
Nagel has done irreparable harm , which we 'll be paying and paying for , for years to come , insofar as this endorsement will be used in school board battles across the nation .
Thanks very much for your coverage of this farce .
Meanwhile , Branden Fitelson ( Berkeley , moving to Rutgers ) , a leading expert on probability and decision theory who has done well - known critical analysis of the work of ID apologist William Dembski , writes :
Thanks for your recent posts on the Nagel / Meyer fiasco .
I 've been looking at Meyer 's book , and one thing ( among many ) that really bothers me is that Meyer spends a lot of time engaging in " Dembski worship " , but he does n't even cite ( much less discuss ) the only comprehensive and serious review of Dembski's first book ( which forms much of Meyer 's " basis " for his " Dembski worship " ) , which was written by Elliott Sober , Chris Stephens , and myself ( and published in Philosophy of Science in 1999 ) .
This strikes me as rather irresponsible of Meyer ( and , indirectly , of course , of Nagel too ) .
Since Meyer 's book obviously is not a scholarly investigation of its subject , but a partisan tract whose technical pretensions are meant to dazzle and confuse the ignorant , it is hardly surprising that it lets pass in silence any critical scholarship that might interfere with the con job .
But one would hope that Thomas Nagel has heard of the journal Philosophy of Science , and perhaps even of Elliott Sober .
One might even have thought that , being well aware what all philosophers of biology think about this issue , he might have spent some time studying the scholarly literature before going out on a limb .
But perhaps , as the other correspondent noted , " arrogance is the keyword here . "
Using disinfectants could cause bacteria to become resistant to antibiotics as well as the disinfectant itself , according to research published in the January issue of Microbiology .
The findings could have important implications for how the spread of infection is managed in hospital settings .
Researchers from the National University of Ireland in Galway found that by adding increasing amounts of disinfectant to laboratory cultures of Pseudomonas aeruginosa , the bacteria could adapt to survive not only the disinfectant but also ciprofloxacin -- a commonly - prescribed antibiotic -- even without being exposed to it .
The researchers showed that the bacteria had adapted to more efficiently pump out antimicrobial agents ( disinfectant and antibiotic ) from the bacterial cell .
The adapted bacteria also had a mutation in their DNA that allowed them to resist ciprofloxacin - type antibiotics specifically .
P. aeruginosa is an opportunistic bacterium that can cause a wide range of infections in people with weak immune systems and those with diseases such as cystic fibrosis ( CF ) and diabetes .
P. aeruginosa is an important cause of hospital - acquired infections .
Disinfectants are used to kill bacteria on surfaces to prevent their spread .
If the bacteria manage to survive and go on to infect patients , antibiotics are used to treat them .
Bacteria that can resist both these control points may be a serious threat to hospital patients .
Importantly , the study showed that when very small non-lethal amounts of disinfectant were added to the bacteria in culture , the adapted bacteria were more likely to survive compared to the non-adapted bacteria .
Dr. Gerard Fleming , who led the study , said , " In principle this means that residue from incorrectly diluted disinfectants left on hospital surfaces could promote the growth of antibiotic - resistant bacteria .
What is more worrying is that bacteria seem to be able to adapt to resist antibiotics without even being exposed to them . "
Dr. Fleming also stressed the importance of studying the environmental factors that might promote antibiotic resistance .
" We need to investigate the effects of using more than one type of disinfectant on promoting antibiotic - resistant strains .
This will increase the effectiveness of both our first and second lines of defence against hospital - acquired infections , " he said .
There are many cross - browser issues and transparency is one of the weird issues among them .
All the browsers treat transparency in a different way to overcome this issue we need to define three different properties .
The below properties are specific to a browser .
. trans {
opacity : 0.5 ;
filter:alpha( opacity=50 ) ;
- moz - opacity : 0.5 ;
filter : progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Alpha( Opacity=50 ) ;
- khtml- opacity : 0.5 ;
-ms-filter : “ progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Alpha( Opacity=50 ) ” ;
}
Here is what each of those CSS properties is for :
opacity : 0.5 ; This is the “ most important ” one because it is the current standard in CSS .
This will work in most versions of Firefox , Safari , and Opera .
This would be all you need if all browsers supported current standards .
Which , of course , they do n’t .
This is the “ most important ” one because it is the current standard in CSS .
This will work in most versions of Firefox , Safari , and Opera .
This would be all you need if all browsers supported current standards .
Which , of course , they do n’t. filter:alpha( opacity=50 ) ; This one you need for IE .
This one you need for IE .
- moz-opacity : 0.5 ;
You need this one to support way old school versions of the Mozilla browsers like Netscape Navigator .
You need this one to support way old school versions of the Mozilla browsers like Netscape Navigator .
- khtml-opacity : 0.5 ; This is for way old versions of Safari ( 1.x ) when the rendering engine it was using was still referred to as KTHML , as opposed to the current WebKit .
This is for way old versions of Safari ( 1.x ) when the rendering engine it was using was still referred to as KTHML , as opposed to the current WebKit .
filter : progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft .
Alpha ;
This is for IE 5 or later .
This is for IE 5 or later .
- ms-filter : “ progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Alpha ” ; this one you need for IE8
CSS fix for PNG transparency in IE6 and Mozilla
Semi-transparent backgrounds are nice .
They would be more popular , but Internet Explorer does n’t support .png transparency .
There are a few clunky workarounds .
Here ’s another that ’s a little less clunky .
for this technique you have to need 2 images .
1. background.jpg
2. trans - bg.png ( image should be transparent ) .
CSS Code
. trans_1 {
font - family : tahoma ;
font - weight : bold ;
padding :50 px ;
border : solid 3 px # 00ff00 ;
/* Mozilla ignores crazy MS image filters , so it will skip the following */
filter : progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.AlphaImageLoader(enabled=true , sizingMethod=scale , src= '/ trans - bg.png ' ) ;
}
/* IE ignores styles with [ attributes ] , so it will skip the following .
*/
.trans_1[class ] {
background - image:url(/trans-bg.png ) ;
}
HTML
We have the expertise in performing business research , competitive analysis , and developing strategic business plans .
We have the competency to develop score board about your business at any point of time .
We provide an overall view about your market position with accurate market data .
DART Analysts work with clients to select right strategy to avoid the usual mistakes in the market place .
This is achieved by careful selection of competitors , analyzing their performance , and providing an insight about the latest market trends .
We further help in defining goals and objectives for the business .
DART ’s Business Plan Team has years of experience in preparing business plans , and ensure that such plans withstand the market test at all times .
Our business plan consists of supporting facts and figures to effectively argument for the purpose of investment and its potential returns .
Such business plans are done after careful market research and data analysis .
DART Views
National Youth Policy of India 2014 : Does it Meet Aspirations of Next Gen ?
Government has created a youth policy in 2014 .
What are the programs implemented by the Government in support of the policy ?
Is there any awareness about this policy among the youth ?
Read more ..
It now costs more to insure Californian municipal debt against default than it does bonds issued by the government of Kazakhstan , the central Asian country satirized in " Borat . "
That is neither a joke nor hyperbole .
Californian munis cost 2.6 % of face value per year to insure , reports CMA DataVision in London , which tracks bond insurance data .
Kazakh bonds : Just 1.8 % .
It is " now less expensive to insure Kazakh debt than that of Greece , California and various other entities , " confirms CMA spokesman Simon Mott .
( Crisis - stricken Greece , incidentally , costs about the same as California ) .
Borat , one .
The Terminator , zero .
In light of the headlines , you can see why some investors might be worried .
The state is trying to plug another $ 20 billion budget gap — barely half a year since the last crisis left Sacramento issuing IOUs .
Its economy seems to be in freefall .
California has lost more than 1 million jobs in two years .
Real estate prices have collapsed about 40 % from their peak , estimates Zillow.com .
Mark Hanson , an independent real estate analyst in Menlo Park , Calif. , believes about two - fifths of all California homeowners are underwater .
No wonder some commentators are throwing around words like " bankrupt " and " failed state . "
Are they right ?
Strange - looking cats ?
Maybe .
Pam Moore concedes that if someone is accustomed to long - haired cats , a Sphynx can be off - putting at first .
But after a Sphynx curls up in the lap of one of her patients , Moore , a registered nurse at J.W. Sommer Rehabilitation Unit in Muscle Shoals , Ala. , says the animal brings about a transformation in the human .
" They bring so much peace and happiness to the patients , " she says .
PAW PRINT POST : Sphynx among cats wooing crowds at Meet the Breeds
Serene - looking humans ?
Absolutely .
Sphynx cats love to cuddle with people and are as soft as velvet .
" They 'll just curl right up on a patient 's lap and stay there , " Moore says .
" That 's not the training .
That 's just the way they are . "
The cats are rare – only several thousand exist in the USA .
Jak , the first registered therapy Sphynx in the country , belongs to Terry and Sharron True of Muscle Shoals .
The Trues breed and show Sphynxes .
Terry
True says holding Jak is like holding " a suede hot - water bottle . "
When the Trues first started doing therapy with cats , they visited oncology units in a children 's hospital where patients were undergoing chemotherapy and radiation .
" I wanted the children to know you can still be hairless and be beautiful , " Moore says .
" The kids ' eyes would just light up when they 'd see Jak . "
Physical and emotional benefits
JoAnn Turnbull of the Delta Society , which has registered more than 10,000 animals for therapy work , says the kind of connection Jak offers cancer patients is unique .
" People can relate to an animal with the same condition and trust them and bond with them , " Turnbull says .
" It might also give them the extra motivation to get better . "
Research shows petting an animal can decrease patient anxiety , lower blood pressure and help ward off depression .
In their new book , Guardians of Being , author Eckhart Tolle and illustrator Patrick McDonnell suggest that animals help connect humans to the divine and make us whole again .
The Trues say they are big believers in holistic medicine , treating the spirit as well as the body .
They know firsthand how difficult it is to find peace in a hospital and how animals can heal in a way they cannot as medical professionals .
Sharron is a registered nurse who works in the operating room at the Muscle Shoals hospital .
Her husband is a family practitioner .
" When they 're in a hospital , they can't see their own pets , " Sharron says .
" Research has shown patients get many positive therapeutic benefits from the visiting animals . "
Terry adds : " The patients are n't just physically ill when they 're in the hospital , they 're also emotionally suffering .
One of the best ways to alleviate that is to try to return some sense of normalcy to their lives .
If you show them pets in the hospital , they 're able to focus on returning to their lives at home and a good outcome . "
When Sharron read about cat - assisted therapy several years ago in a Cat Fanciers '
Association magazine , she knew her cats were perfect for the cause " because of how people - oriented they are . "
The Trues now have three cats enrolled in therapy work , but Jak broke the ice for them in a dog - dominated world .
" Jak had just retired from shows , where he'd been very successful , and I told him he had to get another job , " she says , laughing .
The new job meant Sharron had to take 12 classes with Jak sponsored by Delta Society .
The classes teach the owner and animals how to approach patients and how to not be afraid of hospital settings , smells and equipment .
Jak was the only cat in his class .
There were 25 dogs .
" He was n't afraid of all those dogs , " she says .
" He just marched right into the ring and got to work . "
Not just dogs and cats
Turnbull says most of the animals they 've registered are dogs .
" Only several hundred are cats , " she says , adding that other pets are giving dogs stiff competition : birds , rabbits and miniature horses .
The effect the animals can have is remarkable , she says .
Sometimes a patient , especially a child , will sit still for a procedure if the animal can stay with him .
And sometimes patients can share secrets with the animals and bond in a way they can't with humans .
The Trues go to the hospital once a week with their cats .
" We go down the hallways in teams , one with a dog and one with a cat , and ask the patient which they 'd like to see , " Sharron says .
" Some are so excited , they want to see both .
So we 'll take both animals into the room .
It makes them calm .
" And when they 're calm , they can start to heal . "
Powerful Democratic donor , attorney from Mississippi , others , said to have been targeted for political prosecution by the Bush Administration 's Dept. of Justice ...
Emily Levy Byon
12/11/2009 , 5:17 pm PT
Guest blogged by Emily Levy of VelvetRevolution.us
[ UPDATED by Brad Friedman , 12/12/09 , 12:02 pm PT ]
The federal bribery convictions of Paul Minor , an influential Democratic donor and attorney from Mississippi , and several others have been overturned by the Fifth Circuit of Appeals .
Critics of the Bush Administration 's Dept. of Justice have long charged that Minor 's prosecution , along with those of many other powerful Democrats , such as former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman , were politically motivated and directly manipulated by Bush political operative Karl Rove .
Earlier this year , Velvet Revolution 's RestoreJusticeAtJustice.com campaign called on the Obama Administration 's Dept. of Justice to review all such prosecutions by their predecessors , and to vacate any that are found to have been politically motivated .
[ Disclosure : The BRAD BLOG is a co-founder of VR ]
The Jackson Free Press has the details on the court 's finding overturning the " bribery " counts of Minor and a number of former judges found guilty in the same trial , after improper instructions were found to have been given to the jury by trial Judge Henry Wingate who also sat on Minor 's motion to be released during the appeal , even as his wife was dying from terminal cancer ...
The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals has partially overturned the convictions of Mississippi attorney Paul Minor and former judges John Whitfield and Walter " Wes " Teel .
A federal jury convicted Minor , Teel and Whitfield in 2007 for federal bribery and honest services fraud , but they appealed , arguing that prosecutors changed jury instructions to muddy the definition of an exchange of services for corruption , among other arguments .
Attorneys representing the three argue that Judge Henry Wingate agreed to loosen the jury instructions so that jurors could decide to convict , even if there was no clear exchange of services , or quid pro quo , between the judges or Minor .
All three had successfully fought back allegations of corruption in an earlier trial in which the jury instructions were more clearly defined .
Today the appeals court tossed the federal bribery charges connected to the 2007 trial , leaving intact only the charges of honest services fraud .
" As to Paul Minor , we REVERSE his conviction for conspiracy to commit federal program bribery under Count Two and his convictions for federal program bribery under Counts Twelve and Fourteen .
We AFFIRM his convictions on all other counts .
Because of our reversal as to Counts Two , Twelve , and Fourteen , his sentences on all counts are VACATED and the cause as to him is remanded for resentencing on all the remaining counts of conviction , " the court stated in its opinion .
Minor 's trial and conviction has been investigated over the years by reporters such as Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Brendan DeMelle , Legal Schnauzer 's Roger Shuler and RAW STORY 's Larisa Alexandrovna .
Among other troubling aspects of the case , the Bush DoJ's has opposed the release of Minor on furlough for the purpose of visiting his wife in the hospital who was dying of cancer .
She passed in April , and Minor was allowed to visit only after she 'd become largely too ill to recognize him .
Such unusually aggressive tactics by the DoJ were highlighted by such critics as more evidence that the vendetta against the power Democratic attorney was a political one .
Alexandrovna has more information on the overturned conviction at RAW STORY where she highlights a comment from Columbia law professor Scott Horton :
This outcome also raises serious questions about the conduct of the trial judge .
He failed even to rule on motions for release pending appeal .
And it now appears that the convictions had no merit .
The result is that these three defendants were forced to serve jail time on meritless convictions , all thanks to Judge Henry Wingate , who sat on their motions for release pending appeal .
His conduct handling these cases deserves some very close scrutiny , because it suggests a lack of judicious temperament at nearly every stage .
Happy Hanukkah to all readers of The BRAD BLOG and those who are celebrating the first night of Hanukkah tonight .
We 've been advised that Hanukkah is a " Minor Holiday " , and --- today at least --- that now appears to be true !
* * *
Please sign on to VR's RestoreJusticeAtJustice.com campaign to join the call for an investigation by the Obama DoJ of Bush - era political prosecutions .
For much more on the evidence of political prosecutions of Minor , Siegelman and many others by the Bush Administration , please see these important investigative articles by Alexandrovna and RAW STORY 's investigative team :
The Permanent Republican Majority Series
Updates to the PRM series
Artist Bio
For Victoria Montoro Zamorano , the art of seeing consists not in actively looking for the striking or unusual , but in being ever open and receptive to see the world with new eyes .
This unguarded , spontaneous approach gives her images a quality of abstract realism that turns undulating sand dunes into a woman ’s prone body , and equally captures the emotional content of a crumbling façade or an old woman ’s face .
An avid world traveler .
Cuban born Zamorano has a special sensibility for people and places off the beaten path .
“ I like to immerse myself in a place or culture and let the images find me ” , she has said .
Having no preconceived notions of what a photograph should be , Zamorano ’s instinctual approach has led her to the poignant remains of the Jewish synagogues of Romania , the faded splendor of Havana , Cuba , and the endless panoramas of Africa and the Namib desert , where she has captured some of her most evocative images .
For the last six years Zamorano has visited Africa , where she has been able to see and photograph the ravages of hunger and disease .
This , as well as the beauty and the majesty of the wildlife there , has forged en enduring bond between artist and subject .
Zamorano left Havana in 1961 , when she was 12 years old .
In May 2008 , she returned for the first time , a trip she calls “ the most important ” of her life .
Zamorano says , “ I was a bit scared , being the daughter of a former political prisoner . ”
It was a time for Victoria to reconcile her own memories , from those invented ones , or imagined ones acquired through the years from her parents and family members .
While on the 5 - day journey , Zamorano captured images – and memories – that became the stunning exhibit showcased at Octavia Art Gallery .
Zamorano currently resides in Miami , Florida .
In October 2008 she exhibited her work at the Foto America Biennal Event held in Santiago , Chile , and is currently working on two other projects .
( bio )
Victoria Montoro Zamorano at Octavia Art Gallery
The official Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission  the group that aims to hold a modern version of the Pecora hearings of the 1930s , whose investigations set the stage for New Deal bank regulation  began taking testimony on Wednesday .
In its first panel , the commission grilled four major financial - industry honchos .
What did we learn ?
Well , if you were hoping for a Perry Mason moment  a scene in which the witness blurts out : “ Yes !
I admit it !
I did it !
And I ’m glad ! ”  the hearing was disappointing .
What you got , instead , was witnesses blurting out : “ Yes !
I admit it !
I ’m clueless ! ”
O.K. , not in so many words .
But the bankers ’ testimony showed a stunning failure , even now , to grasp the nature and extent of the current crisis .
And that ’s important :
It tells us that as Congress and the administration try to reform the financial system , they should ignore advice coming from the supposed wise men of Wall Street , who have no wisdom to offer .
Consider what has happened so far :
The U.S. economy is still grappling with the consequences of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression ; trillions of dollars of potential income have been lost ; the lives of millions have been damaged , in some cases irreparably , by mass unemployment ; millions more have seen their savings wiped out ; hundreds of thousands , perhaps millions , will lose essential health care because of the combination of job losses and draconian cutbacks by cash - strapped state governments .
If there 's even a faint need for a recharging solution , there 's a decent shot that Sanyo will have an Eneloop device to fit the situation .
Take the newly announced music booster , for instance , which is designed to sit alongside your Tube Screamer , TU - 2 Chromatic Tuner and RV600 Reverb Machine in order to keep the juice flowin ' even if a breaker trips mid-solo .
Truthfully , the device could be used to energize pretty much anything that taps into a 9V power source , and if you 're concerned over noise interference , Sanyo assures us that you should n't be .
The unit -- which goes on sale in March 2010 -- can be fully regenerated in around 3.5 hours , and depending on the drain of the device (s ) it 's powering , can keep things going for anywhere between 2 and 50 hours .
Rock on , as they say .
An inner-city Melbourne doctor is expected to soon learn his professional fate for having a four - year incestuous relationship with his daughter , which produced a son .
At age 17 , the doctor left his home country and moved to Australia , not knowing his then - girlfriend was pregnant .
Six weeks after the baby was born , she was adopted .
The doctor never met or saw his baby daughter .
Twenty years ago , the doctor returned to the country and resumed contact with his then - girlfriend , but it was not until 1991 that he met his daughter , then 25 .
Within 72 hours of their meeting , the doctor said he felt '' intimacy and closeness ' ' and , later that year , his daughter moved to Australia and their relationship began .
A son was born when the sexual relationship between the doctor and his daughter was ending , he said .
The revelations of the doctor 's incestuous relationship were revealed during Family Court proceedings relating to another partner in 2006 .
He was subsequently charged with incest and was earlier this year sentenced to one year 's jail , wholly suspended for two years .
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER WASHINGTON  President Obama said Wednesday that the Senate compromise on the divisive issue of government - run health insurance " could pave the way for final passage " of the bill to revamp the nation 's health care system .
The president discussed plans to spend government stimulus funds to renovate community health centers around the nation .
The remarks came one day after Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , announced Senate Democrats had reached a tentative deal to replace the so - called public option with a package of alternatives — including allowing people under 65 to buy into Medicare , the federal program for senior citizens .
Sen. Mary Landrieu , D - La. , a centrist who is one of 10 Democrats privately negotiating alternatives to the public option , said the group proposed that the plan include expanding CHIP , a state - run children 's insurance program , and community health centers , which offer subsidized care in poorer communities .
Asked whether the agreement includes a government - run insurance program that could be triggered if certain conditions are met , Landrieu said , " There would be some additional options available to states . "
Sen. Blanche Lincoln , D - Ark. , another centrist Democrat who had been in those talks , indicated that the group needs more information before reaching an agreement .
There was " consensus that we needed more information in order to move forward " and the group has sent a range of ideas to the Congressional Budget Office for analysis , Lincoln said .
Sen. Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , who has been widely courted in deliberations over the legislation , said in a statement Wednesday that he was " encouraged by the progress toward a consensus " but expressed concern about expanding Medicare — which he described as being in " perilous financial condition . "
" I look forward to analyzing the details of the plan and reviewing analysis from the Congressional Budget Office , " Lieberman said .
DEMOCRATS : Inching forward on bill 's public option HIDDEN NUGGETS : Supporters add provisions to health bills VIDEO : End in sight for health care bill passage
This week , Sen. Charles Schumer , D - N.Y. , leader of a group of Democratic senators privately discussing the public option , and other Democrats said lawmakers were considering a package of ideas .
In addition to the so - called Medicare buy - in , the compromise would increase the number of people eligible for Medicaid .
Lawmakers have been discussing letting private insurance companies sell national health policies that would be regulated by the Office of Personnel Management , the agency that oversees health plans offered to federal workers — including members of Congress .
Former Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean , a physician , said Wednesday that a potential proposal allowing for a Medicare option for Americans under 65 was a " positive step forward . "
In recent weeks , Dean , a former Vermont governor , approached Reid and Schumer to propose the Medicare plan .
" Using Medicare makes more sense than reinventing more bureaucracy , " Dean said Wednesday on CBS ' The Early Show .
Rep. Anthony Weiner , D - N.Y. , a strong supporter of the public insurance option , released a statement calling a potential Medicare expansion " one idea I like a lot . "
The developments could mean a beginning of the end of the long - standing debate within the Democratic caucus over whether the government should create the public option President Obama had said would drive down prices by offering competition .
Shortly after Reid's Tuesday night announcement , one Democrat said he is concerned about the new approach .
" While I appreciate the willingness of all parties to engage in good - faith discussions , I do not support proposals that would replace the public option in the bill with a purely private approach , " said Sen .
Russ Feingold , D - Wis .
Feingold is a member of the group of 10 senators charged to come up with a health care deal .
The House approved a bill last month that includes a public option .
Contributing : The Associated Press ; Melanie Eversley in McLean , Va. Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I have written hundreds of articles documenting that unregulated , speculative derivatives ( especially credit default swaps ) are a primary cause of the economic crisis .
And I have pointed out that ( 1 ) the giant banks will make a killing on carbon trading , ( 2 ) while the leading scientist crusading against global warming says it wo n't work , and ( 3 ) there is a very high probability of massive fraud and insider trading in the carbon trading markets .
Now , Bloomberg notes that the carbon trading scheme will be centered around derivatives :
The banks are preparing to do with carbon what they ’ve done before : design and market derivatives contracts that will help client companies hedge their price risk over the long term .
They ’re also ready to sell carbon - related financial products to outside investors .
[ Blythe ]
Masters says banks must be allowed to lead the way if a mandatory carbon - trading system is going to help save the planet at the lowest possible cost .
And derivatives related to carbon must be part of the mix , she says .
Derivatives are securities whose value is derived from the value of an underlying commodity -- in this case , CO2 and other greenhouse gases ...
Who is Blythe Masters ?
She is the JP Morgan employee who invented credit default swaps , and is now heading JPM 's carbon trading efforts .
As Bloomberg notes ( this and all remaining quotes are from the above - linked Bloomberg article ) :
Masters , 40 , oversees the New York bank ’s environmental businesses as the firm ’s global head of commodities ...
As a young London banker in the early 1990s , Masters was part of JPMorgan ’s team developing ideas for transferring risk to third parties .
She went on to manage credit risk for JPMorgan ’s investment bank .
Among the credit derivatives that grew from the bank ’s early efforts was the credit - default swap .
Some in congress are fighting against carbon derivatives :
“ People are going to be cutting up carbon futures , and we ’ll be in trouble , ” says Maria Cantwell , a Democratic senator from Washington state .
“ You ca n’t stay ahead of the next tool they ’re going to create . ”
Cantwell , 51 , proposed in November that U.S. state governments be given the right to ban unregulated financial products .
“ The derivatives market has done so much damage to our economy and is nothing more than a very - high - stakes casino -- except that casinos have to abide by regulations , ” she wrote in a press release ...
However , Congress may cave in to industry pressure to let carbon derivatives trade over - the - counter :
The House cap - and - trade bill bans OTC derivatives , requiring that all carbon trading be done on exchanges ... The bankers say such a ban would be a mistake ...
The banks and companies may get their way on carbon derivatives in separate legislation now being worked out in Congress ...
Financial experts are also opposed to cap and trade :
Even George Soros , the billionaire hedge fund operator , says money managers would find ways to manipulate cap - and - trade markets .
“ The system can be gamed , ” Soros , 79 , remarked at a London School of Economics seminar in July .
“ That ’s why financial types like me like it -- because there are financial opportunities ” ...
Hedge fund manager Michael Masters , founder of Masters Capital Management LLC , based in St. Croix , U.S. Virgin Islands [ and unrelated to Blythe Masters ] says speculators will end up controlling U.S. carbon prices , and their participation could trigger the same type of boom - and - bust cycles that have buffeted other commodities ...
The hedge fund manager says that banks will attempt to inflate the carbon market by recruiting investors from hedge funds and pension funds .
“ Wall Street is going to sell it as an investment product to people that have nothing to do with carbon , ” he says .
“ Then suddenly investment managers are dominating the asset class , and nothing is related to actual supply and demand .
We have seen this movie before . ”
Indeed , as I have previously pointed out , many environmentalists are opposed to cap and trade as well .
For example :
Michelle Chan , a senior policy analyst in San Francisco for Friends of the Earth , is n’t convinced .
“ Should we really create a new $ 2 trillion market when we have n’t yet finished the job of revamping and testing new financial regulation ? ” she asks .
Chan says that , given their recent history , the banks ’ ability to turn climate change into a new commodities market should be curbed ...
“ What we have just been woken up to in the credit crisis -- to a jarring and shocking degree -- is what happens in the real world , ” she says ...
Friends of the Earth ’s Chan is working hard to prevent the banks from adding carbon to their repertoire .
She titled a March FOE report “ Subprime Carbon ? ”
In testimony on Capitol Hill , she warned , “ Wall Street wo n’t just be brokering in plain carbon derivatives -- they ’ll get creative . ”
Yes , they 'll get creative , and we have seen this movie before ... an inadequately - regulated carbon derivatives boom will destabilize the economy and lead to another crash .
My letter about alleged global warming and the how use of such scares by those opposed to economic growth is incompatible with traditional socialism ( M Star December 21 ) has stirred some controversy .
Joe Clark says ( M Star January 4 ) that I " have offered no evidence " that the promised catastrophic warming is n't happening .
A short newspaper letter is hardly the place to lay out all the technicalities , though I could do so at length and many others have done so .
Philosophically , the real problem with Joe 's point is that science requires us to use the simplest theory which fits the evidence with fewest assumptions .
This is why the theory of evolution trumps creationism .
Evolution explains with no hidden assumptions .
Creationism requires us to accept that God created the world in 4004BC and planted all the bones , geological formations and galaxies to fool scientists .
Both explanations actually work if you accept that God can do anything .
But God , being infinite , does increase the complexity of the theory .
In the same way , the default assumption should be that weather will vary as it always has , but not in an unprecedentedly hot way .
The onus is on those crying " catastrophe " to produce some evidence rather than saying that we must assume the end to be nigh unless someone provides indisputable proof that Armageddon will not arrive next year .
This is the difference between science and religion .
Paul Levy , in his letter on the subject ( M Star December 22 ) , correctly pointed out that Marx was a scientist .
If Marxism is to be scientific it must retain the intellectual rigour to examine both its own history and the fads of the moment by such scientific principles .
That is the way forward .
It is the only way that has ever worked .
Neil Craig
Glasgow
I am rebuked by Paul Levy ( letter Weds ) for saying that evidence of catastrophic global warming depends on data collated by a few well funded scientists at the CRU but that is the truth .
They collated the world figures , nobody else .
They are the ones who " juggled " with them to " hide the decline " in global temperature - nobody else .
If the global temperature is not rising & at an unprecedented rate then there simply is no evidence that we are seeing catastrophic warming .
The rest of his argument is simply name calling - saying that because Uncle Tom Cobley & numerous other reactionaries doubt alarmism it is thereby true .
The same could be said about the phlogiston theory of matter .
Paul says he is using catastrophic warming as a scare to enforce " the need for massive government intervention to reduce our fossil fuel use " but this is exactly the sort of false leftism I was decrying .
Firstly it is immoral to try to frighten people into an unnecessary poverty .
Secondly when the scare is discredited , as is clearly happening , it not only discredits those who said it but runs the risk of discrediting all parts of the left ( & much of professional science ) that has not openly dissociated themselves from the Luddites ( paradoxically it also may discredit David Cameron who is apparently not one of the " reactionaries " Paul brings in to bolster his case ) .
Thirdlythe question whether socialism should develop by supporting massive government telling us what to do or by some more ground up co-operative system should be based on the real technological facts underpinning society not on an attempt to bring in false & spurious , government funded , arguments .
The particular example he uses of draconian powers to cut carbon is a very clear example of how the Luddites are trying to displace scientific socialists .
The obvious way to cut CO2 is by a mass nuclear build .
This could , as it does in France , cut ordinary bills to about 1 / 4 of what they are here .
That absolutely represents Marx 's view of the ultimate triumph of societies that utilise the means of production most effectively .
It is in the tradition of Lenin who said , perhaps uncharacteristically naively , that communism would be achieved by " the electrification of the whole country . "
That the Greens are primarily re-emerging Luddites , simply opposed to modern technology , is shown by their attitude to new nuclear .
If truly convinced of the catastrophic nature of CO2 , they would embrace it as the only practical way to keep the lights on .
Instead they denounce it & revere poverty & technologies which were modern in the age of feudalism .
The Luddites are engaged in what is sometimes called The War Against Fire .
Marxism & progressive socialism have always been about promoting technological progress because it liberates ordinary people .
They are not fellow travellers .
They may both wish to change society but in polar opposite directions .
The traditional left should not allow itself to be flattered into promoting those who wish to deny their progressive future
Up to about the time of the Moon Landings the left was universally enthusiastic about progress & reactionaries , well , reactionary .
It is paradoxical that though such spectacular achievement has virtually & unnecessarily stopped since then the right has been largely unopposed in nominally supporting progress .
I find that unfortunate & signals a loss of nerve on the left which is also unnecessary .
This is in Thursday 's Morning Star , Britain 's Communist Newspaper
This gives me a much better publishing ratio here than among Scottish , let alone UK papers & on a subject which is clearly as controversial among them as anything I have ever said in the MSM .
Clearly , by orders of magnitude , a far more liberal & freethinking organ than the Guardian .
The letter itself is relatively convoluted since I am trying to get across a basic point about the philosophy of science & why Luddism , Creationism any form of Communism that treats Marx 's words as holy scripture , are faith based religions , ultimately doomed to be wrong & that the principles of science are the only way to truth .
I am not a " believer " in Marx but a classic liberal but that is because being an absolute " believer " in anything without evidence makes finding truth impossible .
Communism moved a very long way to being a religion but I think it can come back .
The collapse of the USSR may be one reason for hope .
That collapse came about because the USSR was evidently failing to run the means of production as well as the capitalist states .
However that could only be recognised in a system which did indeed respect evidence .
Islam & indeed Christianity have lasted far longer despite never once having provided evidence of anybody achieving heaven , or anything else .
" Environmentalism has repeatedly had all their professions of doom disproven yet they move on to the next .
That communism could not do that is to its credit .
I also sent this letter a week ago which they did n't publish but 2 out of 3 is fine .
Would it not be fitting if the Communist Party & UKIP were to be the first to adopt an X - Prize Foundation as official policies .
Just to prove Luddism is not a particularly leftist phenomenon , nor my opposition to it purely on the left side here is a comment I put about BBC scientific illiteracy on Douglas Carswell 's site .
Labels : British politics , global warming , Social
1924 : Astronomer Edwin Hubble announces that the spiral nebula Andromeda is actually a galaxy and that the Milky Way is just one of many galaxies in the universe .
Before Copernicus and Galileo , humans thought our world was the center of creation .
Then ( except for a few notable stragglers ) we learned that the sun and planets did not revolve around the Earth , and we discovered that our sun — though the center of our solar system and vitally important to us — was not the center of the universe or even a major star in our galaxy .
But we still grandiosely thought our own dear Milky Way contained all or most of the stars in existence .
We were about to be knocked off our egotistical little pedestal once again .
Edwin Hubble was born in Missouri in 1889 and moved to Chicago in 1898 .
In high school , he broke the state record in the high jump , and went on to play basketball for the University of Chicago .
He won a Rhodes scholarship and studied law at Oxford .
He earned a Ph.D. in astronomy , but practiced law in Kentucky .
After serving in World War I and rising to the rank of major , he got bored with law and returned to astronomy .
He trained the powerful new 100 - inch telescope at Mount Wilson in Southern California on spiral nebulae .
These fuzzy patches of light in the sky were generally thought to be clouds of gas or dust within our galaxy , which was presumed to include everything in the universe except the Magellanic Clouds .
Some nebulae seemed to contain a few stars , but nothing like the multitudes of the Milky Way .
Hubble not only found a number of stars in Andromeda , he found Cepheid variable stars .
These stars vary from bright to dim , and a very smart Harvard computationist named Henrietta Leavitt had discovered in 1912 that you could measure distance with them .
Given the brightness of the star and its period — the length of time it takes to go from bright to dim and back again — you could determine how far away it is .
Hubble used Leavitt 's formula to calculate that Andromeda was approximately 860,000 light years away .
That 's more than eight times the distance to the farthest stars in the Milky Way .
This conclusively proved that the nebulae are separate star systems and that our galaxy is not the universe .
Cosmic though it was , the news did not make the front page of The New York Times .
The paper did notice the following Feb. 25 that Hubble and a public health researcher split a $ 1,000 prize ( $ 12,500 in today 's money ) from the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
Hubble went on to discover another couple of dozen galaxies .
Before the 1920s were over , he added another astronomical achievement to his reputation .
By analyzing the Doppler effect on the spectroscopic signals of receding stars , he established that their red shift was proportional to their distance .
When the 200 - inch Mount Palomar telescope was completed in January 1949 , Hubble was honored to be the first astronomer to use it .
He died in 1953 .
NASA named its space telescope after him .
Source : Various
Photo : Edwin Hubble 's 1920s observations of Andromeda ( whose ultraviolet spectrum is rendered here ) expanded our notions of the size and nature of a universe that is itself expanding .
Galaxy Evolution Explorer image courtesy NASA .
This article first appeared on Wired.com Dec. 30 , 2008 .
See Also :- Hubble Finds Jupiter ’s Missing Stripe
Everything you know about U.S. involvement in Iran is wrong .
The Iranian regime has never found itself more vulnerable .
And , with this vulnerability , it has never leaned more heavily on its own narrative of history .
This narrative , of course , has a central antagonist , a character conjured as the “ Great Satan . ”
As this Koranic moniker implies , the Islamic Republic ascribes supernatural qualities to its adversary : From far away in Washington , D.C. , the Great Satan has the power to send hordes of stooges to shout in the streets and the remarkable ability to manufacture every ill in Iranian society .
The power of this narrative is that it goes beyond these mythological qualities to muster the stuff of history .
It was the CIA , the story goes , that deposed a democratically elected Iranian leader back in 1953 , and then spent 26 years propping up a despotic Shah while he mercilessly abused his people .
As Iranians protested the sham election last summer , the regime wielded this narrative to bolster itself .
Its opponents were denounced as puppets of the very meddlers who had done so much harm to the country over the past century .
Ayatollah Khamenei rehashed this history in a November 3 speech , describing how the United States “ embarked on hatching plots against the nation from the very early days . ”
This is a seductive narrative , but what ’s strange is the group that it has seduced : the very meddlers themselves in Washington .
As the regime has teetered these past months , many in the United States ( and especially at the highest rungs of government ) have held their tongues .
There has been a reluctance to voice solidarity with the green movement or to loudly protest regime abuses , for fear that any criticism from the United States will be perceived as the latest installment in this history .
Obama , for his part , has voiced his support for the protestors in passive language .
“ The world continues to bear witness to their powerful calls for justice ” is his strange formulation - - a description that places the United States in the role of bystander .
There are , arguably , strategic reasons for the United States to keep silent on the fate of the democratic movement .
But history is not one of them .
Rather , the regime ’s version of events ( past and present ) is self - serving and , at critical junctures , altogether baseless .
Documents ( some recently declassified ) from various U.S. archives show a rather different version of foreign policy toward Iran .
The Shah may have been a U.S. ally in the cold war , but the relationship was fraught .
Behind closed doors , the United States pushed hard for the country to democratize .
During the periods when the United States failed to stand on the side of the Iranian people , it paid a horrible price .
It is worth revisiting this history , not simply because it debunks the Manichaean theory of the past touted by the mullahs , but also because it contains important lessons for how the United States can navigate the current crisis in Iran .
10 Hair Salon Postcard Design to Inspire !
To really represent your hair salon , the designs on the postcards you ’re going to use to promote it have to be just as posh and classy .
Feeling the pressure yet ?
Do n’t worry , because this post is here to help you out !
Check out these 10 sample hair salon postcard designs for inspiration and let them help you think up ideas and concepts for a postcard design of your own .
All images on this page are provided solely for design inspiration .
Free Postcard Design Templates for Hair Salons
Visit UPrinting.com today and save on printing costs with our cheap postcard printing services !
We also provide postcard mailing so you wo n’t have to stress over mailing the cards yourself .
Visit our website to learn more !
The Athens Wireless Metropolitan Network ( AWMN ) is a grassroots wireless community network that was started 2002 in Athens , Greece .
It takes advantage of new wireless technologies to connect people and services .
In August 2010 the network comprised 1120 backbone nodes and more than 2900 client computers connect to it .
More than 9,000 people had have stated their intention to join AWMN in the near future .
[ 1 ]
There is also an association - club named awmn .
Cultural and geographical context [ edit ]
Although the network began in Athens , the capital of Greece , its activities no longer limited to the single city .
It covers a geographical area ( 110 km from North to South and 85 km from West to East ) with the most southern point being Palaia Epidavros ( Epidaurus ) and the most northern point being the town of Nea Artaki on the island of Euboea .
[ 2 ]
The wide expansion of the network allows isolated areas with poor technological and broadband infrastructure to connect with the Athenian network , providing these accesses to a plethora of services with high speeds .
Also the islands of Aegina , Salamina and the regions surrounding Athens are connected to the network .
In anticipation of connecting to AWMN , small wireless ' islets ' have been created in other cities and on other islands where AWMN has contributed with technical know - how and equipment .
Recently the island of Euboea connected with more links with AWMN for redundancy purposes and the next stage will be to join the wireless ' islets ' located in Corinth , Lamia ( city ) and Volos .
There are also plans to reach even more remote cities of Greece such as Patras .
For wireless ' islets ' and communities that is impossible to connect wirelessly , a VPN pool has been provided .
This year AWMN connected most of the Greek communities and managed to cross the Greek borders .
It has initiated a VPN connection with wlan slovenija network in Slovenia with the vision to connect all the wireless communities of Europe into one network .
Project history [ edit ]
AWMN was formed as a community back in 2002 .
Due to tremendous problems with broadband services in Greece in 2002 the number of such services available to home users was extremely limited .
It was mainly due to this problem that AWMN was founded as an alternative broadband network , which allowed its users to experience real broadband services .
However , after a short period from its birth AWMN started to change .
An increasing number of people started to have an interest in the network , expressing their interest in joining this project .
The number of network nodes started to grow exponentially , and the network 's character changed from an alternative telecom network to a social network of people based on their interest in the IT / Telecom sector .
The network was always something alternative to just pure internet access medium .
While now users and backbone nodes owners live in a much more mature broadband environment , they have not stopped being excited and active in the AWMN network .
More services are emerging and more uses of high speed symmetrical broadband are being found , tested , developed and freely enjoyed by the users for the users .
The community [ edit ]
Within the AWMN community personal relationships play a very active role in the network development , encouraging its members to have a more active role in the community 's social life .
Users are categorised as backbone nodes and AP client nodes .
The backbone nodes are nodes routing data that have no origin and destination themselves .
The network is a mosaic of people from varying ages and educational backgrounds including IT and telecommunications professionals , radio amateurs , IT students and technology enthusiasts .
All are driven by a strong community spirit and contribute on a voluntary basis . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
The association [ edit ]
From the start of the project , care was taken by the non-profit AWMN association to build a wireless community network on a sound basis .
The main purpose of the association is to promote two - way digital broadband telecommunication services to the public as a nonprofit activity , in collaboration with schools , local authorities , NGOs , independent regulatory authorities and other Community Wireless Networks in Greece .
The objectives of the project include the following :
Creating , developing and maintaining a Wireless Community Network which will provide broadband services to its members .
Developing technologies based on wireless and digital telecommunications .
Educate the public on the use of wireless and digital communications
Promote and encourage volunteerism and active participation .
The association has around 67 members ( as of Aug , 2010 ) . [ 5 ]
Not all members of the backbone network are members of the association , and there are around 900 that do not want to participate to the association , claiming as a cause the extent of moderation and speech censorship that is practiced in the association 's forum , wiki and assembly .
Participation in the association has , throughout its history , always been on a voluntary basis .
No one is obliged to sign a peering agreement as long as it's not needed and no one has to join the Association to participate to the network rendering the AWMN network as one of the most open networks in the world .
However all 1080 backbone node owners are obliged to accept responsibility for the smooth running of their node , follow the basic rules of the community and follow basic network neutrality rules .
Technology [ edit ]
AWMN makes extensive use of the IEEE 802.11 set of standards and operates on the 2.4 GHz ( mainly for the Open APs ) and 5.4 GHz ( for the backbone links ) license - free ISM frequency bands .
Over the last few years , AWMN has tested ( and later used in production environments ) equipment from a huge variety of vendors .
The routing protocol used by the network is BGP .
Efforts have been made to move towards new , more adaptive , experimental protocols such as OLSR and B.A.T.M.A.N. Some members of the AWMN community have contributed feedback and code to many Linux routing projects .
Homemade equipment is encouraged .
Many workshops have been held so that members can become familiar with constructing their own aerials and cables .
Additionally , the community regularly organizes seminars to educate aspiring network administrators on wireless technologies , protocols , routing and Linux , in the conditions of an operational large - scale network .
A wide variety of software is used in the network but AWMN services rely heavily on Open - source software , GNU / Linux ( or other free Unix variants ) .
Solutions and services [ edit ]
AWMN tried to unravel the problem of broadband in the greater area of Athens among the participants of the telecommunication network .
The AWMN forum came to life so all community members could exchange ideas , arrange meetings , organize wireless links and discuss various points of interest .
Nowadays the services provided by the network have evolved to a full - featured internal VoIP network , High Definition streaming services , game servers , file sharing services , hundreds of users / nodes webpages , network statistics services , routing , network monitoring , weather stations , VPN servers and just about anything and any service that someone would come across on the Internet .
A highlight to mention is the WiND project ( WiND ) project .
As a large - scale network and community , AWMN has the need for a central management tool to display important node details .
WiND is a Web Application targeted at Wireless Community Networks , such AWMN which has been created by members of AWMN .
WiND provides a front - end interface to a database where information of the nodes can be stored , such as position details , DNS , IP addressing and a list of provided network services . [ 6 ]
See also [ edit ]
A previously unknown , large impact basin has been discovered by the MErcury Surface , Space ENvironment , GEochemistry , and Ranging ( MESSENGER ) spacecraft during its second flyby of Mercury in October 2008 .
The impact basin , now named Rembrandt , more than 700 kilometers ( 430 miles ) in diameter .
If the Rembrandt basin had formed on the east coast of the United States , it would span the distance between Washington , D.C. , and Boston .
Large impact basins are important landforms created by the collision of asteroid - scale objects early in planetary history .
The Rembrandt basin formed about 3.9 billion years ago , near the end of the period of heavy bombardment of the inner Solar System .
Although ancient , the Rembrandt basin is younger than most other known impact basins on Mercury .
" This is the first time we have seen terrain exposed on the floor of an impact basin on Mercury that is preserved from when it formed , " said Thomas Watters of the Center for Earth and Planetary Studies at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum , lead author of a new report on the findings in the journal Science .
" Terrain like this is usually completely buried by volcanic flows . "
Ancient impact basins are typically flooded and nearly or completely filled by volcanic flows .
The Rembrandt basin is the only known impact basin on Mercury that has not been largely filled in .
Another remarkable aspect of the Rembrandt basin is the pattern of tectonic landforms that deformed the volcanic flows filling the central area of the basin — landforms created by tectonic forces .
Thick sequences of volcanic flows on the basin floor led to subsidence and contraction that formed ridges .
The floor was also uplifted , leading to extension and the formation of troughs .
Ridges and troughs form a " wheel - and - spoke - like " pattern .
" The pattern of tectonic landforms in the Rembrandt basin is truly extraordinary , " said Watters .
" It is unlike anything we have seen before in other impact basins on Mercury , the Moon or Mars , or in basins formed on the icy moons of the outer planets . "
This pattern of tectonic landforms and the superposition relations they have with one another suggest multiple stages of volcanic and tectonic activity in the Rembrandt basin .
The most recent tectonic event in Rembrandt was the formation of a large thrust - fault scarp more than 1,000 kilometers ( 620 miles ) long .
" This amazing thrust fault is on the scale of the San Andreas fault in California , and it cuts across the rim and floor of the Rembrandt basin , " said Watters .
" It is the longest thrust - fault scarp yet discovered on Mercury .
Such thrust faults formed as a consequence of interior cooling and global contraction of the planet . "
Rocco Rossi made it official today , declaring he's in the race to be the next mayor of Toronto .
Even though the announcement at Nathan Phillips Square was held in the pouring rain , Rossi said he thought it was appropriate for an outsider to kick off his campaign outside city hall .
Acknowledging that most people would say " Rocco Who , " he promised he would bring new ideas to campaign , although he would n't reveal his specific position on several issues from road tolls to outsourcing garbage .
" I 'm big , I 'm bald and I 've got bold ideas for this city , " Rossi said , adding his business experience tempered by time in the non-profit sector as CEO of the Heart and Stroke Foundation makes him in a good position to lead .
One specific promise was to sell Toronto Hydro , which the city of Toronto is sole shareholder , to pay down the city 's ballooning debt – now at $ 2.4 billion – and cut his own salary by 10 per cent and freeze it for the four - year term .
" It does n't mean we sell assets so we have a piggy bank to increase operating expenses unreasonably , " Rossi said .
" I 'm talking about selling assets to pay down debt and build the capital infrastructure we want . "
He also called the decision of city council not to roll back their salary increase this year while freezing salaries of non-union staff " utterly unacceptable . "
" On the one hand , we 're told by city council we have a fiscal crisis , and with the other hand , they vote themselves wage increases . "
Rossi said he will encourage councillors to roll back their wages and hopes voters will ask candidates if they will do that .
Rossi is resigning his position as national director of the federal Liberal party to seek the mayoralty , which became an open race in September when David Miller announced he would not seek reelection .
But the field is expected to be crowded with deputy premier George Smitherman already in the running , and former Progressive Conservative leader John Tory expected to join in the new year when the race officially begins .
Rossi , who managed Tory 's campaign for mayor in 2003 , said while he was a strong supporter of Tory 's then , he decided it was time for him to put his name in the mix .
Also expected to run are budget chief Shelley Carroll , TTC chair Adam Giambrone and Deputy Mayor Joe Pantalone .
Councillor Giorgio Mammoliti has also declared he is running .
A 15 - year - old girl who caused a vicar 's daughter to jump to her death as she attempted to escape being bullied and beaten was today ordered to be detained for eight years .
Hatice Can and Kemi Ajose , 19 , both from south - east London , slapped and punched Rosimeiri Boxall before she jumped from the third floor window last May .
Can was led away in tears after being told her sentence must be a deterrent to others .
Ajose , who has a history of mental health problems , was ordered to be detained without limit of time at a psychiatric hospital .
The judge , Peter Thornton QC , said Can had led the attack and would have been sentenced to longer had she been older .
" This was cruel , abject bullying , " he said .
" It was ugly , vicious and repeated .
" As was once said , bullies are always cowards at heart and may be credited with a pretty sure instinct in scenting their prey .
" Rosi was the quiet one , which no doubt is why you picked on her . "
He said neither defendant had shown " a flicker of remorse " and that Ajose had continued to bully vulnerable women while in custody at Holloway prison , in north London .
" You tried to get several of them to hang themselves with their bedding , " Thornton told her .
The pair , who were 13 and 17 at the time of Boxall 's death , blamed each other for telling the 19 - year - old to jump when she climbed up to the window .
Can shouted : " Serves you right , bitch " at Boxall as she lay dying .
They were convicted of manslaughter by an Old Bailey jury last month .
Boxall and Ajose had been best friends , sharing the latter 's flat in Blackheath , south - east London .
But they fell out when an argument between Boxall and Can , who also ended up at the flat after running away from home , escalated .
Can became jealous of Boxall over a boy and attacked her with Ajose after drinking alcohol in the afternoon .
The jury saw part of the attack on Boxall by Ajose in footage filmed on a mobile phone by a neighbour .
Boxall 's hair was pulled , hairspray aimed at her face , and the sound of her being slapped and punched could be heard around the courtroom .
Boxall was abandoned in an orphanage in Brazil by her mother , who was an alcoholic , before being adopted by her missionary parents when she was three .
Her adoptive father , the Rev Simon Boxall , who runs a community church in Thamesmead , south - east London , said he and his wife , Rachel , would pray for the pair who had driven his daughter to her death .
" We want them to know that we forgive them , " he said .
Thornton said Rosimeiri Boxall had been given " a wonderful chance in life through her adoptive parents " but Ajose and Can had " taken all that away " .
As the United States prepares to escalate its troop commitment in Afghanistan , the frequently counterproductive role played by private security contractors in that combat is drawing fresh scrutiny .
The Army Times reported on Tuesday that “ ill - disciplined private security guards escorting supply convoys to coalition bases are wreaking havoc as they pass through western Kandahar province … and undermining coalition efforts to bring a greater sense of security to the Afghan people , particularly because the locals associate the contractors with the coalition . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
According to one Afghan security official , private security guards have killed or wounded more than thirty civilians over the past four years in just the Marwand district , and the district chief there claims that “ most of them are addicted to heroin . ”
“ Although the convoys sometimes carry U.S. military vehicles and represent a vital lifeline for the coalition effort , ” the Times explains , “ no Afghan , U.S. or other coalition military forces accompany them .
Instead , each convoy is protected by Afghan security guards armed with AK - series assault rifles and rocket - propelled grenades in sport utility vehicles . ”
The problem is not new .
A Congressional Research Service report ( pdf ) obtained last summer by Secrecy Times revealed that as of March 2009 there were more private contractors working in Afghanistan for the Department of Defense than there were US military personnel .
The report further warned that “ abuses and crimes committed by armed private security contractors and interrogators against local nationals may have undermined U.S. efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan . ”
According to that report , only about 15 % of the private contractors in Afghanistan are US citizens , many of them from firms like Blackwater , while more than three - quarters are Afghan nationals .
The Afghans provide non-security services in areas such as construction and transportation , but they also include the “ out - of - control security contractors ” described by the Army Times .
Capt .
Casey
Thoreen , the commander of a US infantry company in the area , complained to the Times that the guards are “ gun-toting mercenaries with probably not a whole lot of training .
…
They ’re just light on the trigger finger . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
US commanders appear to be in the dark on what companies the guards are working for , how much they are being paid , or even whether anyone is vetting them .
As complaints increase , however , the US military is attempting to crack down on the worst offenders .
Meanwhile , the use of local contractors appears likely to grow along with US troop levels .
A senior advisor with the Center for Strategic and International Studies told Talking Points Memo this week that “ there will definitely be an increase in the number of contractors . ”
TPM notes that “ various government entities either do n’t know , or do n’t agree on , just how many contractors are currently in Afghanistan , ” so it ’s unclear whether the White House estimate of $ 1 million a year for each additional US soldier takes account of private contractors or not .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ After being bounced around to several DOD offices in the United States and Afghanistan that professed ignorance about the number of contractors , ” TPM concluded , “ a U.S. Central Command spokesman told TPM today the issue would take some time to look into , and he would get back to us . ”
I just want to say thank you so much to my Secret Santa .
I had a great day and then came home and saw your package waiting for me .
I got excited when I saw it was from Think Geek , but you do n't understand how excited I was when I saw a remote control helicopter inside .
I 've wanted one of these things to tie a string to , and play with my cat in my office .
Now I finally can .
I promise to provide video in due time .
The bacon mints were a great reddit - style addition to the entire package .
I really really appreciate the great gift , and I 'd love to know who you are , and how you knew this is what I wanted !
Thank you thank you thank you .
Meredith Whitney expressed concern about what will happen when the Fed stops buying GSE MBS by the end of the first quarter 2010 .
From Bloomberg : Meredith Whitney Says Bank Stocks Are ‘ Grossly ’ Overvalued
The Federal Reserve has begun slowing purchases in the $ 5 trillion market for so - called agency mortgage - backed securities after announcing in September that it would extend the timeline for its $ 1.25 trillion program to March 31 from year - end .
Whitney said that banks are only originating home loans that they can sell to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
“ If Fannie and Freddie ca n’t sell to an end buyer , i.e. the U.S. government steps back , the mortgage market at minimum contracts , rates go higher , and banks are poised with more writedowns , ” said Whitney , founder of Meredith Whitney Advisory Group .
“ This is probably the issue that scares me most across the board . ”
Freddie Mac ( NYSE : FRE ) today released the results of its Primary Mortgage Market Survey ® ( PMMS® ) in which the 30 - year fixed - rate mortgage ( FRM ) averaged 4.83 percent with an average 0.7 point for the week ending November 19 , 2009 , down from last week when it averaged 4.91 percent .
Last year at this time , the 30 - year FRM averaged 6.04 percent .
This raises an interesting question :
What is the impact from Fed MBS buying on mortgage rates ?
I looked at this a couple of months ago :
The Impact on Mortgage Rates of the Fed buying MBS and here is an update : Earlier this year , Political Calculations introduced a tool to estimate mortgage rates based on the Ten Year Treasury yield ( based on an earlier post of mine ) : Predicting Mortgage Rates and Treasury Yields .
Using their tool , with the Ten Year yield at 3.356 % , this suggests a 30 year mortgage rates of 5.33 % based on the historical relationship between the Ten Year yield and mortgage rates .
Freddie Mac released their weekly survey Thursday : This suggests morgage rates are about 50 bps below the expect level ...
Here is an update to the previous graph .
Sure enough mortgage rates have been below expectations for about seven months ( recent months in yellow with blue outline at lower left ) .
Although this is a limited amount of data - and the yellow triangles are within the normal spread - this suggests the Fed 's buying of MBS is reducing mortgage rates by about 35 to 50 bps relative to the Ten Year treasury .
It is n't that Fannie and Freddie " ca n’t sell to an end buyer " , it is that the GSEs will be selling for a lower price ( higher yield ) when the Fed completes the MBS purchase program .
At that time mortgage rates will probably rise by about 35 bps to 50 bps ( relative to the Ten Year ) in order to attract other buyers .
Alone that is n't all that " scary " .
But combined with the growing problems at the FHA , the distortions in the housing market caused by the first - time home buyer tax credit , rising delinquencies , the uncertainty of the modification programs , and likely further house price declines in many bubble states - there are serious problems ahead for the housing market .
December 18 , 2009 MSNBC
The Army general of U.S. forces in Northern Iraq has banned pregnancy among military personnel in his command , NBC News reported on Friday .
Anyone who becomes pregnant or impregnates another servicemember , including married couples assigned to the same unit , could face a court - martial and jail time , according to an order issued by Maj.
Gen. Anthony Cucolo .
The order , which went into effect on Nov. 4 , was first reported by the military publication Stars and Stripes .
No one has been punished or accused under the policy , according to Col. David S. Thompson , the inspector general for all soldiers in Iraq .
Military officials say the order was issued because Army policy requires the force to remove a pregnant soldier from a war zone within 14 days of learning of the pregnancy , creating a hole in a unit that makes it more difficult to complete its mission .
“ It is a lawful order , ” Thompson said Friday during a phone interview with Stars and Stripes .
Thompson , who has served 29 of the past 39 months in Iraq as an inspector general , told the publication that it ’s the first time he can recall pregnancy being prohibited .
So far , there have been no known violations of Cucolo 's order , NBC reported .
President Obama and Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. wo n’t be on the midterm ballot next year , but their former Senate seats will be , and both races are now either tossups or leaning Republican in high - visibility contests .
Mr. Obama , who was a freshman senator from Illinois when he was elected president , and Mr. Biden , who was in his sixth term as a senator from Delaware , come from states that have been running strongly Democratic in past elections .
No one doubts that Mr. Obama would have been a re-election shoo - in had he remained in the Senate and that Mr. Biden had his seat for the foreseeable future .
But in another sign of political winds that appear to be blowing against the Democrats in the 2010 cycle , Republicans and independent political analysts say the chances are at least even that their seats could be taken over by two strong Republican candidates next November , when the GOP is expected to make gains in Congress and in the state governorships .
“ Not to steal one of President Obama ’s favorite words , but in Illinois and Delaware , Republicans have a truly historic opportunity to win both the president and vice president ’s Senate seats , and we ’re fortunate to have the strongest possible candidates already in the race , ” said Brian Walsh , chief spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Senate sends $ 1.1 trillion pork - laden bill to Obama
• Nelson , Lieberman balk at Medicare buy - in
• Powerful lawmakers clash over $ 3 billion Army contract
“ There is still a long way to go until the election , and we certainly expect polls will fluctuate , but it ’s clear that even in traditionally blue states , voters are demanding accountability and want to restore checks and balances in Washington , ” Mr. Walsh said .
In Illinois , where Democrats are still reeling from an explosive “ pay to play ” corruption scandal that led to the arrest and impeachment of Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich , five - term Rep. Mark Steven Kirk , the expected Republican nominee , is running for Mr. Obama ’s seat .
The Democratic front - runner is state Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias , whom an opposing Democratic campaign adviser calls a “ deeply flawed ” candidate .
Illinois Republican leaders have been pounding Democrats for widespread corruption in the state ’s government , noting Mr. Giannoulias ’ ties to real estate developer and Democratic fundraiser Tony Rezko , who was convicted last year of fraud and money laundering .
“ His family bank , where Alexi served as an officer , made loans to Tony Rezko , who is now sitting in a penitentiary , ” Republican state chairman Pat Brady said .
But Democratic campaign strategists have been among Mr. Giannoulias ’ critics , too .
“ Alexi Giannoulias ’ own vulnerabilities are so significant , and far more damning than Kirk ’s among the electorate . …
His nomination would put Barack Obama ’s former Senate seat in extreme jeopardy for the Democrats , ” pollster Geoff Garin said last month in a widely distributed polling memo for Senate candidate David Hoffman , who is opposing Mr. Giannoulias for the Democratic nomination .
Earlier this year , the White House and state Democratic leaders thought that state Attorney General Lisa Madigan would guarantee that Mr. Obama ’s seat would remain in Democratic hands .
But after getting the full Oval Office treatment to persuade her to run , she turned down Mr. Obama .
Party strategists say Mr. Giannoulias was their second choice , though White House adviser David Axelrod , who lobbied for Ms. Madigan , is n’t enthusiastic about the turn of events .
“ She would have walked into the seat , ” he told the New York Times last month .
“ The Blago saga will hang heavy over our politics , ” Mr. Axelrod said .
Sen. Roland W. Burris , who was appointed by Mr. Blagojevich to fill the vacancy , decided not to seek the election after he became the target of a Senate ethics committee investigation arising out of the corruption charges against Mr. Blagojevich .
He was cleared of wrongdoing , but the panel said he had provided “ incorrect , inconsistent , misleading ” information about his conversations with the embattled governor and that his actions were “ inappropriate . ”
The latest Rasmussen poll has Mr. Kirk , a party moderate who represents the northern suburbs of Chicago and has regularly won support from Democrats and independents there , in a statistical dead heat with Mr. Giannoulias , trailing the Democrat by 42 percent to 39 percent last week .
An earlier poll had them tied at 41 percent .
Mr. Brady , who is privy to internal Republican Party polls , said Mr. Kirk “ will win by five points or more .
I do n’t think this is as close as pollsters say . ”
The Cook Political Report and the Rothenberg Political Report are calling the contest a tossup , but both election handicappers think the Republicans have a good shot at taking the seat .
“ The state has a strongly Democratic bent , but the party ’s [ corruption ] problems , questions about Giannoulias , and an unusually appealing moderate Republican nominee give Democrats major problems in the Land of Lincoln , ” the latest Rothenberg Political Report said .
Mr. Biden ’s seat in Delaware also appears vulnerable .
Rep. Michael N. Castle , a Republican who has won nine statewide elections as the state ’s only House member , has been leading state Attorney General Beau Biden in polls .
Mr. Biden has delayed saying whether he will be a candidate for the remaining four years of his father ’s term .
Mr. Castle , a 70 - year - old former governor , is a moderate whose cross-party appeal has drawn support from Democrats and independents over a political career that spans more than 40 years .
A recent head - to - head voter survey by Public Policy Polling , a Democratic polling firm , showed Mr. Castle leading the younger Mr. Biden by 45 percent to 39 percent .
A Public Policy Polling analysis of its findings pointed to two strong trends in Mr. Castle ’s favor : a 52 percent to 23 percent lead among independent voters , and the fact that he draws far more support from Democrats than Mr. Biden does from Republicans .
The analysis found that 48 percent of Democrats view the Republican lawmaker favorably , while 15 percent of Republicans have a positive view of the 40 - year - old Mr. Biden .
Independent analysts still think the vice president ’s son will enter the race , but there has been growing speculation about why he has not revealed his intentions more than two months after Mr. Castle announced his candidacy .
He returned home in October after a year ’s tour of duty in Iraq and has been spending more time with his family while he considers his options .
“ Both personally and politically , this was necessary and smart .
There probably is n’t much of a need for Biden to establish his campaign early , since he does n’t need to build a brand - name recognition and certainly wo n’t encounter any trouble raising money , ” said Jennifer Duffy , senior elections analyst at the Cook Political Report .
Stuart Rothenberg has put the Delaware Senate race in his “ lean Republican Takeover ” column but cautions that “ even if Beau Biden takes a pass on the contest , the combination of the state ’s Democratic bent and Castle ’s popularity strongly suggest a very competitive contest . ”
But many oddsmakers and analysts still think the edge goes to Mr. Castle .
“ This race is close , and Biden , if he gets in the race , will have a decent shot at winning .
But Mike Castle looked like the favorite last winter , and nine months later he still does , ” said an analysis on Public Policy Polling ’s Web site .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
CBS and Disney are considering playing ball with Apple to offer online subscriptions to TV shows , the WSJ says .
Such a deal would have significant ramifications for the cable and satellite TV businesses , which will eventually be disrupted by something along these lines :
The proposed service by the maker of iPhones and iPod music players could , in at least some scenarios , offer access to some TV shows from a selection of major U.S. television networks for a monthly fee , according to people familiar with the discussions .
Apple is pushing to complete licensing deals and hopes to introduce the service in 2010 , some of those people said .
It is unclear whether any networks have signed on yet ...
If Apple signs up enough networks to launch a viable service — still a very big if — it could ultimately alter the economics of the television business .
The service could undermine the big bundles of channels that cable , satellite and telecommunications companies , including Comcast Corp. and DirecTV Inc. , have traditionally sold in packages to subscribers .
There are lots of details in the WSJ article , which was written by Sam Schechner and Yukari Iwatani Kane .
Some key points :
News Corp. , Viacom Inc. , Time Warner 's Turner Broadcasting and Discovery Communications Inc. appear to be opposed to or leaning away from signing on to Apple 's service .
CBS is considering offering programs from the CBS and CW networks ... Disney is considering including programs from its ABC , Disney Channel and ABC Family networks .
In at least some versions of the proposal , Apple would pay media companies about $ 2 to $ 4 a month per subscriber for a broadcast network like CBS or ABC , and about $ 1 to $ 2 a month per subscriber for a basic - cable network .
These wholesale subscription prices are higher than the TV networks make from cable and satellite companies , which presumably makes Apple 's proposal tempting .
That said , if Apple is successful , IP delivery could end up killing the golden cable and satellite goose .
So the TV networks are understandably treading carefully .
The companies that have the least to lose are those that do n't make gobs of money selling bundles of good networks and bad networks for a bundled price -- such as CBS .
This probably explains some of CBS 's interest in the proposal .
All of this is a next step toward what will inevitably be the future of the TV business : Internet delivery of TV content .
As we 've argued , there is no way that today 's teenagers will pay $ 150 a month for 500 channels they do n't want to watch when most of what they do want to watch is a click or two away .
So the traditional TV business is toast .
It 's just a question of when and how .
See Also :
Sorry , There 's No Saving The TV Business
The Real Reason Brian Roberts Bought NBC
By Agence France - Presse
Friday , November 20th , 2009
The government is to review an air defense system established after the September 11 , 2001 attacks to determine whether the costly program is still necessary , the New York Times reported Friday .
The review is expected to include a complete reassessment of the threat of a terror attack by air and will consider the cumulative effects of various security measures taken since the 2001 attacks .
" The fighter force is extremely expensive , so you always have to ask yourself the question ' How much is enough ? ' "
Major General Pierre Forgues , the Canadian who currently serves as director of operations for the North American Aerospace Defense Command , commonly known as Norad , told the paper .
The Times notes that US " Gen. Victor E. Renuart Jr. , the head of Norad and Northern Command , ordered the review in response to criticism this year by the Government Accountability Office that the command had failed to conduct ' routine risk assessments . '
General Renuart expanded the scope of the review ' to refine how we allocate and request resources today , ' said the commands ’ spokesman , James Graybeal . "
Read More : http://rawstory.com/2009/11/norad-ground-costly-911-air-defense-system/
Damon Winter / The New York Times
Michael Oliveri , a muscular dystrophy patient , with his mother , Christiane , left , and Diane Rivera - Riportella , who has Lou Gehrig 's disease , after the bill 's passage in the General Assembly .
Israel is to fund a rare genetic study to determine whether there is a link between the lost tribes of Israel and the Pashtuns of Afghanistan and northern Pakistan .
Historical and anecdotal evidence strongly suggests a connection , but definitive scientific proof has never been found .
Some leading Israeli anthropologists believe that , of all the many groups in the world who claim a connection to the 10 lost tribes , the Pashtuns , or Pathans , have the most compelling case .
Paradoxically it is from the Pashtuns that the ultra - conservative Islamic Taliban movement in Afghanistan emerged .
Pashtuns themselves sometimes talk of their Israelite connection , but show few signs of sympathy with , or any wish to migrate to , the modern Israeli state .
Now an Indian researcher has collected blood samples from members of the Afridi tribe of Pashtuns who today live in Malihabad , near Lucknow , in northern India .
Shahnaz Ali , from the National Institute of Immuno­haematology in Mumbai , is to spend several months studying her findings at Technion , the Israel Institute of Technology , in Haifa .
A previous genetic study in the same area did not provide proof one way or the other .
The Assyrians conquered the kingdom of Israel some 2,730 years ago , scattering 10 of the 12 tribes into exile , supposedly beyond the mythical Sambation river .
The two remaining tribes , Benjamin and Judah , became the modern - day Jewish people , according to Jewish history , and the search for the lost tribes has continued ever since .
Some have claimed to have found traces of them in modern day China , Burma , Nigeria , Central Asia , Ethiopia and even in the West .
But it is believed that the tribes were dispersed in an area around modern - day northern Iraq and Afghanistan , which makes the Pashtun connection the strongest .
" Of all the groups , there is more convincing evidence about the Pathans than anybody else , but the Pathans are the ones who would reject Israel most ferociously .
That is the sweet irony , " said Shalva Weil , an anthropologist and senior researcher at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
The Pashtuns have a proud oral history that talks of descending from the Israelites .
Their tribal groupings have similar names , including Yusufzai , which means sons of Joseph ; and Afridi , thought by some to come from Ephraim .
Some customs and practices are said to be similar to Jewish traditions : lighting candles on the sabbath , refraining from eating certain foods , using a canopy during a wedding ceremony and some similarities in garments .
Weil cautioned , however , that this is not proof of any genetic connection .
DNA might be able to determine which area of the world the Pashtuns originated from , but it is not at all certain that it could identify a specific genetic link to the Jewish people .
So far Shahnaz Ali has been cautious .
" The theory has been a matter of curiosity since long ago , and now I hope a scientific analysis will provide us with some answers about the Israelite origin of Afridi Pathans .
We still do n't know what the truth is , but efforts will certainly give us a direction , " she told the Times of India last year .
Some are more certain , among them Navras Aafreedi , an academic at Luck­now University , himself a Pashtun from the Afridi tribe .
His family trace their roots back to Pathans from the Khyber Agency of what is today north - west Pakistan , but he believes they stretch back further to the tribe of Ephraim .
" Pathans , or Pashtuns , are the only people in the world whose probable descent from the lost tribes of Israel finds mention in a number of texts from the 10th century to the present day , written by Jewish , Christian and Muslim scholars alike , both religious as well as secularists , " Aafreedi said .
The implications of any find are uncertain .
Other groups that claim ­Israelite descent , including those known as the Bnei Menashe in India and some in Ethiopia , have migrated to Israel .
That is unlikely with the Pashtuns .
But Weil said the work was absorbing , well beyond questions of immigration .
" I find a myth that has been so persistent for so long , for 2,000 years , really fascinating , " she said .
A wave of strikes culminating on Thursdays pan-worker mobilisation has been the response to the scaremongering of the government amidst the worsening economic crisis that threatens Greece with bankruptcy .
After the week of riots came the week of strikes : the multifold strikes that are taking place since Tuesday 15 December and peaked on Thursday 17 with the pan-workers strike called by PAME , the Communist Party Union Front , as wells a dozens of extra-parliamentary parties of the left and first - grade unions forming demos in 58 cities and towns around Greece .
The strikes come at a critical time for the greek economy which saw a second degrading in ten days in terms of its credit , this time by the Standard & Poor ’s group .
The second degrading came as international finance centres claimed the austerity measures announced by the belleagured government are not likely to produce adequate results .
Due to the media strike news about Thursdays developments remain scarce ; analytically :
Whereas the garbage collecting strike has been judged for a second time illegal forcing refuse collectors to the streets , large parts of Athens remain plunged in enormous piles of gargabe as refuse workers at the main open refuse dump of the capital have responded to the ban of the previous strike by blockading the gates of the depot , halting 80 % of collecting activities .
The workers are demanding a reversal of 200 layoffs .
The Centres of Citizen Assistance ( KEP ) , the jewel of efficiency in the greek state ’s crown , remain closed for a second day as workers are striking .
This in effect freezes all private - public transaction as the KEP are the offices that issues official papers needed for any paperwork .
The workers are demanding more working positions and a recognition of their previous job experience .
Kindergarten and Primary school teachers have been on strike since the 16 /12 .
The teachers formed a demo outside the Ministry of Education demanding 1400E minimum wage , no hour - work schedules , and 2 years free and obligatory kindergarten education for all children .
The union has refused to engage on “ tabula rasa ” dialogue with the ministry .
The general union of teachers of all grades joined the strike on Thursday .
Taxi drivers have gone on strike in Athens after one of their colleagues was arrested for carrying two sans - papier immigrants .
The taxi drivers are demanding the abolition of the law that demands taxi drivers to ask for papers from immigrants that ride on their vehicles , and the immediate release of their colleague .
All hospital doctors across the country have gone on strike on Thursday and all intensive care units remain closed .
In Peiraeus , talks were concluded on Tuesday regarding the leasing of the Second Pier of Peiraeus to COSCO which was agreed on a bases of 69 million euros collective compensation to the workers , an amount that has created a storm of political accusations by the opposition .
Nevertheless the Mechanics Union of the Merchant Fleet has gone on a “ warning strike ” on Thursday demanding a minimum 1400E salary .
Geologists , designers and mechanics have also joined the strike demanding that “ we do not pay their crisis ”
All media have gone on a 24h strike until Friday morning demanding the end of the “ hostage status ” of contract workers , free information sharing emancipated from commodification , and the abolition of all laws infringing social security .
As a result there are no news broadcasts on radio TV or the internet .
Moreover workers of ERT3 the Salonica based state channel are accusing their directors of going against union decisions and sharing riot footage with the police .
Apart from the wave of strikes other fronts of the social / class struggle remain tense :
A protest march took to the streets of Ioannina on the 16 of December protesting against the invasion of police forces in the social centre of the city during the days commemorating Alexandros Grigoropoulos assassination .
In Chania the immigrants social centre and a house of a comrade came under arson attack by neonazis who painted swastikas on the walls of the social centre .
There were no human injuries and minimal damage on both buildings .
The attack comes as an escalation of parastate violence in the Cretan city , after warnings ( or threats ) by the minister of public order that left and anarchist violence will result in extreme - right terror attacks .
A protest march has been called by greens , immigrant groups , anarchists , left wing parties , animal rights groups and the local teacher ’s union for Thursday night against parastate - fascist terror .
In Athens , an effort by the extreme - right parliamentary party LAOS to set up a racist local committee with the purpose to purge African immigrants from Amerikis Square was countered when triple the number of antiracists and antifascists responded to the call .
The MP of LASO has to take refuge amidst heckling and the attempts to revamp the vigilante plans that have been degenerating in the nearby Agios PAnteleimonas square since the end of the summer were temporarily at least contained .
In Salonica , an initiative of lawyers has sued the government for police arbitrariness on the 6th and 7th of December : illegal preventive arrests , illegal fingerprinting and breaching of the university asylum .
A member of the directorate of the lawyers association of Salonica has declared that all sueing lawyers have been eyewitnesses to the police illegal actions which are in breach of the constitution that forbids the outlawing or inhibition of protest marches and demos .
No permit is needed in greece to form a demo or a protest march .
Fingerprinting of detainees is allowed according to a law of the junta and is more and more resisted by protesters .
The border tolls of Euzone in Kilkis remain close due to blockades by farmers demanding the immediate payment of a compensation for the 2007 drought .
On the morning of Thursday the greek police was once again shamed by the suicide attempt of the legal council to the minister of public order who jumped from the 7th floor of the ministry .
Mr Diotis is the son of the notorious district attorney who was responsible for chemically torturing Savas Xiros , the first arrested member of the guerrilla group 17 November , in the intensive care of Evangelismos hospital in 2002 .
The man is struggling for his life in hospital , his fall being impeded by a row of trees .
Moreover the credibility of the greek police has been once again shaken by a poll that revealed than almost 60 % of officers consider quitting their jobs if they have to wear insignia with their number or name while on duty , as recently announced by the ministry .
Obviously the cops are not willing not to be able brutalize citizens with impunity .
The listing , Masturbation Men's M T - Shirt funny gag gift has ended .
This is a men's size medium black cotton T - shirt from Planned Parenthood .
The front says : Masturbation does n't screw with your eyes really .
The back says :
Self love is safe love practice freely ppscm.org
This was a gift to me , but it is too big so I never wear it .
A great gift for your favorite masturbator !
Shipping is $ 3 via PayPal
( CNN ) --
The man who oversees Texas ' criminal justice system called Wednesday for a shake - up as authorities searched for a prisoner in a wheelchair who escaped on foot Monday from two armed guards as he was being transferred between prisons .
" I just think enough 's enough , " said state Sen .
John Whitmire , a Democrat from Houston who is chairman of the state Senate 's Criminal Justice Committee .
" We need a complete shake - up of the leadership of our prison system and / or an outside review by third parties , " he said of the escape of Arcade Comeaux Jr. , 49 .
" We just can't have security breaches of this nature . "
The 6 - foot , 200 - pound Comeaux was serving a life sentence for aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .
A van containing him and two correctional officers left the Estelle prison in Huntsville about 5:45 a.m.
Monday , bound for the Stiles prison in Beaumont , where Comeaux was being reassigned , said Michelle Lyons , director of public information for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice in Huntsville , in a written statement .
Comeaux was shackled and in a wheelchair , " which he had claimed was needed for mobility , " Lyons said .
About 45 minutes into the trip , as they were driving through Conroe , 40 minutes north of Houston , the prisoner pulled out a pistol and ordered the guards to drive south to Baytown , east of Houston .
There , he took one of the guards ' gray uniforms , handcuffed the officers together and left them in the rear of the van , Lyon 's statement said .
He fired once during the incident but hit no one , an official said .
Comeaux fled at about 9 a.m. , leaving his weapon but taking the officers ' two semiautomatic pistols and a 12 - gauge shotgun , Lyons said .
Law enforcement officers found the unharmed officers an hour later .
Comeaux was being transferred to Beaumont so he would be near John Sealy Hospital in Galveston , for treatment of the supposed paralysis he had suffered during a reported stroke , Whitmire said .
" There 's a theory working that he staged the whole thing , " the senator said .
" He 's a con ; he 's a manipulator , and he 's outfoxing the people who are charged with the responsibility of keeping him securely incarcerated . "
John Moriarty , inspector general of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , said that such lapses are highly unusual in the Texas penal system .
" We have no open gun investigations other than this one , " he said .
" The last one was several years ago . "
Meanwhile , $ 16,000 in reward money has been offered for information leading to Comeaux 's rearrest , and more than 100 investigators are searching for the escapee , focusing on the Houston area , where he grew up and has relatives .
Among them is Comeaux 's mother , Joyce Comeaux .
" I 'm trying to find out what the heck happened , " she said from her home in Houston .
" How did my son come in contact with a gun inside the prison ?
I know he did n't leave and go shopping .
I 'm looking at a corrupt system here . "
She added , " How did a young man who 's shackled overpower two guards with a gun ? "
The mother of 11 , of whom Arcade was her third , said she was concerned that her son is possibly being set up to be killed .
" My husband is devastated , as I am , " she said .
" His record is bad , and I admit that .
I 'm not hiding that . "
She said she hopes he returns to his parents ' house " so that I can talk to him , give him a good meal , a good bath , and send him back where he come from . "
Whitmire said previous discussions of contraband in the prisons had centered on cigarettes and cell phones , but Monday 's escape has upped the ante .
" Now we see that weapons have entered our prisons , " he said .
He said the guards had failed to pat down Comeaux while he was in his wheelchair and before they began the trip .
" Sure enough , he has a firearm , " he said .
" The question is , are there others ?
I think you have to assume that there are until you find out differently . "
This year , more than 900 cell phones have been confiscated from the 112 locations that house the state 's 158,000 prisoners .
" I want the director to come forward and tell us what it 's going to take " to solve the problem , Whitmire said .
Texas Department of Criminal Justice Executive Director Brad Livingston , who has been in the job since 2005 , did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment .
Comeaux 's criminal record dates back more than three decades .
In 1979 , he received three 10 - year sentences for rape of a child , aggravated rape of a child and burglary of a building with the intent to commit theft , all in Harris County .
He was released on mandatory supervision in 1983 , but he was returned to prison in 1984 after being convicted of indecency with a child and sentenced to 20 years .
In June 1991 , he was released on mandatory supervision but returned as a violator four months later .
Paroled in December 1993 , he was returned as a parole violator a year later .
In February 1996 , he was again paroled but was returned to prison in June 1998 with a life sentence for aggravated sexual assault .
Though he had been in prison ever since , his criminal record did n't end .
In July 1999 , he used his wheelchair to pin his wife against a wall during a contact visit and stabbed her 17 times with a homemade knife , Moriarty said .
He also stabbed another prison visitor who tried to intervene ; both victims survived .
For that , Comeaux was convicted on two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and received two additional life sentences .
New York transit agency to impose drastic service cuts on workers and students
By Alan Whyte
21 December 2009
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( MTA ) , which provides subway , bus and commuter rail service for New York City and its surrounding area , voted last week to eliminate free student transit passes as part of a package of drastic service cuts aimed at closing a $ 400 million deficit .
In New York City , the cuts include scrapping more than 20 bus routes and the reduction of dozens of others , plus the elimination of two train lines and the shortening of two more .
Intervals between trains would be increased on nights and weekends .
In the New York suburbs , major cuts are planned for the Long Island Rail Road and Long Island Bus .
The Metro - North commuter railroad would lose eight daily weekday runs .
For riders , these cutbacks will translate into longer commute times , and trains and buses that are even more overcrowded .
The most outrageous of the proposed cuts is the elimination of the free Metrocards used by almost 600,000 students to get to school .
They would be forced to pay half fare starting in September 2010 and then full fare by September 2011 , ending a policy of providing full fare support for students that has been in effect since 1948 .
The authority projects that the elimination of the free passes would save it $ 170 million a year .
Full fare at current rates would amount to about $ 700 a year for each child .
For all working class families this would be a major hardship .
Families struggling to make ends meet on low wage jobs or where breadwinners have been thrown onto the unemployment lines would find it virtually impossible afford the fare imposed upon their children .
The elimination of student passes will force many thousands of youth to choose between jumping the turnstiles or truancy .
Others would at the very least lose the opportunity to study at schools further from their homes that provide special programs to meet their needs .
In a cruel attack on the disabled , the MTA voted to cut back on the door - to - door Paratransit service called Access - A - Ride .
About 65,000 New York City residents use the service , and about half of them are 75 or older .
The service provides more than 26,000 rides a day .
Under the planned cuts , many will be driven to the nearest bus or subway stop instead of to their final destination .
These service cuts will take place at the earliest in June 2010 and are part of continuous attacks on the transit riders .
They follow a fare increase of 10 percent in the city that was imposed in May of this year , and will be followed by a fare hike of 7.5 percent that is already scheduled for 2011 , and yet another fare increase that is scheduled to go into effect in 2013 .
The proposed cuts require another vote early next year , after a public comment period .
In the meantime , local and state politicians are squirming to evade their responsibility for these conditions , or posturing as outraged opponents of the cuts .
What none of them will admit is that the fault for these draconian attacks on public services and social conditions lies with the whole system of private profit of which the Wall Street crisis is the inevitable product .
Democratic Governor David Paterson claimed that if the state revenues improve , he would consider helping to fund the student passes .
However , a big part of the transit agency ’s deficit is the direct result of the state government ’s decision to cut its funding to the MTA by $ 143 million .
Part of this cutback was funding for the student passes .
The state had previously contributed $ 45 million .
Earlier this year this was reduced to $ 25 million , and in early December it was reduced yet again , to $ 6 million .
The state ’s transit cutbacks are only part of Albany ’s onslaught on public services .
Facing a budget deficit of $ 6.8 billion and claiming that the state would soon run out of money , the governor has just withheld about $ 750 million in scheduled payments for schools and home owners .
New York City ’s billionaire Mayor Michael Bloomberg called the Metrocard cuts for students “ unconscionable . ”
However , the city has also reduced its own contribution to student fares .
In1994 , then Mayor Rudolph Giuliani sought to end the city ’s contributions entirely , but eventually agreed to a sharp reduction in funding .
Some Democratic Party politicians and the Straphangers Coalition , a transit advocacy group , have suggested that money be taken out of the capital improvement program and used to meet operating deficits .
The capital program was beefed up in the first place because the transit system faced virtual collapse in the 1970s .
The MTA already confronts a $ 10 billion shortfall in its 2010 - 2014 capital improvement program .
Robbing this program further would rapidly produce a return to the crises of the past .
Earlier this year , the state legislature enacted emergency legislation , including a dedicated payroll tax , to assist the MTA .
As a result of the deepening crisis , this tax is bringing in $ 100 to $ 200 million less than expected .
The MTA ’s revenues are also heavily dependent on taxes on real estate transactions , which have been hard hit by the puncturing of the real estate bubble .
As Democratic Assemblyman Richard Brodsky acknowledged , “ The MTA has become the first state agency to face the music of the national economic collapse .
This is the opening refrain of a full symphony of pain that ’s going to hit other parts of the state next year . ”
The big business politicians have no answer to this crisis other than to make the working class pay .
Transit workers , students and the riding public as a whole must foot the bill for the Wall Street meltdown , not only in the form of the taxpayer - funded bailouts , but also through cuts in public services .
The MTA employs about 70,000 people .
Its nonunion workforce will be facing a 10 percent pay cut .
A state judge ruled just one week ago that unionized transit workers must be paid the 11 percent wage increase over three years that they had already been awarded by an arbitrator .
The award was made in August of this year , but the MTA immediately contested it in court , claiming it was too generous , despite the fact that the deal will barely keep the workers even with the rising cost of living and the fact that it simply matched the raises that other city workers have already received .
The transit bosses are brazenly attempting to pit transit passengers against the workers .
MTA board member Nancy Shevell claimed , “ It is really unfair that one huge group is not going to be affected by the economic downturn and another large group , for example , our youth and our disabled and working people , are going to pay the price . ”
It is Wall Street , of course , and its political representatives , including the MTA board itself , who are not paying the price , while every section of the working class faces an enormous struggle .
The transit agency ’s chairman Jay Walder , who was picked by the governor for the position , spelled out his plans to attack transit workers , stating , “ We need to take the place apart .
We need to permanently change the way we do business . ”
Walder called for the elimination of $ 500 million in overtime and the layoff of 700 unionized workers .
Transport Workers Union local 100 , which represents 35,000 bus and subway workers , negotiated away their no -layoff clause protection in 2002 .
The World Socialist Web Site spoke to bus operators who work at the East New York bus garage about the service cuts .
New York City transit bus operator
Clive Ormsby
Clive Ormsby , a bus operator for 16 years , said , “ They cut service every pick .
Instead , they should cut the big money managers who get paid $ 100,000 , $ 200,000 .
What are they doing to deserve that money ?
Nothing .
“ Now they want to take away the school passes .
Do you think they care if the kids go to school or not ?
No , they do not care .
“ The mayor says that we do not deserve a raise , but how will I pay for the city ’s 14 percent increase in the water bill ?
While the workers in this city are suffering , the mayor has tripled his worth from $ 5 billion to $ 15 billion .
“ They always are figuring how to make the workers pay .
If the TA suspends me without pay , they save money by not paying me .
Instead of giving trillions of dollars to the banks why do n’t they bail out working people ?
“ The politicians from both political parties are the same .
They are both controlled by big money .
If Obama did n’t get a lot of money , he would not have gotten elected .
“ I voted for Obama , but he is just another politician .
Workers have no say in the government .
“ They want to cut service and blame the deficit on us .
They want to get the riding public against us .
“ The reason all of this is happening is that our union leader [ Transport Workers Union Local 100 President Roger ]
Toussaint chickened out and called off the 2005 strike .
We should never have gone back . ”
Irvine Accosia , a bus operator for 4 years , told the WSWS , “ They should not cut bus service , and they should not be giving these new $ 40,000 hybrid trucks that the supervisors get .
Management already gets paid a lot of money .
“ These cuts will hurt a lot of people and their ability to get to different places .
It is no fun waiting longer for a bus in the cold weather .
People in wheelchairs especially will have a more difficult time .
“ These cuts will drive people to use their cars more often , increasing both congestion and pollution .
“ The billionaires who own the newspapers like to condemn transit workers and blame us for what is happening .
They should work and have a salary like ours , and then we will see what they say . ”
Ever wondered how appropriate is the abbreviation ‘ PC ’ for a personal computer ?
Our work documents or personal files , emails , passwords , photographs , contacts … virtually everything we need , the way we need it are on that computer , the way we want it – personalized .
So here is a personalized Hacked Mac , hacked because it has been taken apart and put back together the way it was preferred by the user .
Think about it …the computers and laptops that we so often use at home or at office , and also carry around all the time , has so much information which is specific to us .
Ben Fino - Radin wanted to make music from Mac and decided to do it his way …creating his own personalized Mac .
You can take a look at the video and see how it works here …
This Mac comes with OS X and has been made to cater to the user ’s need .
A 128k Mac computer has been substituted with G4 parts and an LCD display .
An audio / video synthesis software has been incorporated in it too .
If you are interested in HOW it was created then you can read more about it on the Machack2000 blogspot .
If you are also interested in looking at different kinds of computers then you should take a look at the Rolltop and the Microsoft Courier .
Hackers have released an application designed to thwart a Microsoft - packaged forensic toolkit used by law enforcement agencies to examine a suspect 's hard drive during a raid .
The hacker tool , dubbed DECAF , is designed to counteract the Computer Online Forensic Evidence Extractor , aka COFEE .
The latter is a suite of 150 bundled , off - the - shelf forensic tools that run from a script .
Microsoft combined the programs into a portable tool that can be used by law enforcement agents in the field before they bring a computer back to their forensic lab .
The script runs on a USB stick that agents plug into the machine .
The tools scan files and gather information about activities performed on the machine , such as where the user surfed on the internet or what files were downloaded .
Someone submitted the COFEE suite to the whistleblower site Cryptome last month , prompting Microsoft lawyers to issue a take - down notice to the site .
The tool was also being distributed through the Bit Torrent file sharing network .
This week two unnamed hackers released DECAF , an application that monitors a computer for any signs that COFEE is operating on the machine .
According to the Register , the program deletes temporary files or processes associated with COFEE , erases all COFEE logs , disables USB drives , and contaminates or spoofs a variety of MAC addresses to muddy forensic tracks .
The hackers say that later releases of the program will allow computer owners to remotely lock down their machine once they detect that it has fallen into law enforcement hands .
The hackers , however , have not released source code for the program , which would make it easy for anyone to see if the program contains malware that might also harm a computer or allow the attackers to take control of it .
Update :
The developers of DECAF have taken issue with Threat Level referring to them as hackers .
" We 're just two developers who support the free flow of information and privacy , " one of them wrote Threat Level in an anonymous e-mail .
" You could say we 're just average joes . "
Photo : Jim Forest / Flickr
See also :
Hassan Mustafa Osama
Nasr was snatched from a street in Milan An Italian judge has convicted 23 Americans - all but one of them CIA agents - and two Italian secret agents for the 2003 kidnap of a Muslim cleric .
The agents were accused of abducting Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr , known as Abu Omar , from Milan and sending him to Egypt , where he was allegedly tortured .
The trial , which began in June 2007 , is the first involving the CIA 's so - called " extraordinary rendition " programme .
The Obama administration has expressed its disappointment at the convictions .
" We are disappointed by the verdicts , " state department spokesman Ian Kelly said in Washington .
He declined to comment further pending a written opinion from the judge , but said an appeal was likely .
Three Americans and five Italians were acquitted by the court in Milan .
Symbolic ruling
The Americans were all tried in their absence as they have not been extradited from the US to Italy .
For us , this first case puts the war on terror on trial
Joanne Mariner
Human Rights
Watch spokeswoman
The CIA 's Milan station chief at the time , Robert Lady , was given an eight - year term , while the other 22 Americans convicted - one of them a US air force colonel - were sentenced to five years in prison .
Lawyers for the 23 Americans said they would appeal against their convictions .
The two Italian agents , who were convicted as accomplices to kidnapping , were given three - year prison terms .
The court also ruled that those convicted must pay 1 m euros ( $ 1.5 m ) in damages to Abu Omar and 500,000 euros to his wife .
CIA spokesman George Little in Washington declined to comment on the convictions , telling the Associated Press news agency : " The CIA has not commented on any of the allegations surrounding Abu Omar . "
Secrecy laws Italian prosecutors said Abu Omar was taken as part of a series of extraordinary renditions carried out by the CIA - when terror suspects were moved between countries without any public legal process .
Judge Oscar Magi acquitted some of the highest - ranking defendants
They told the court he had been kidnapped in daylight on a Milan street in February 2003 and flown to Germany , and then Cairo , where he was held for years until being released without charge .
Judge Oscar Magi acquitted the CIA chief for Rome , Jeffrey Castelli , saying he was protected by state secrecy rules , as were the former head of Italy 's military intelligence agency , Nicolo Pollari , and his deputy , Marco Mancini .
Mr Pollari , who resigned over the affair , told the court earlier this year that documents showing he had no involvement in the kidnapping were classified under secrecy laws .
Prosecutor Armando Spataro rejected the argument that legal provisions could shield those accused from prosecution , saying any agreement to carry out a kidnapping was " absolutely against Italian law " .
He had sought a 13 - year jail term for Mr Castelli and Mr Pollari and 12 years for Robert Lady .
Activist group Human Rights
Watch welcomed the verdict , saying it sent " a strong signal of the crimes committed by the CIA in Europe " .
Spokeswoman Joanne Mariner said : " For us , this first case puts the war on terror on trial . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Quirk # 1 : Why do you laugh until you cry ?
Experts do n't really know .
One thing to consider : Laughing and crying are similar psychological reactions .
" Both occur during states of high emotional arousal , involve lingering effects , and do n't cleanly turn on and off , " says Robert R. Provine , PhD , a psychologistat the University of Maryland , Baltimore County , and author of Laughter : A Scientific Investigation .
We associate crying with sadness , but tearing up is an even more complex human response .
Tears are triggered by a variety of emotions — " by pain , sadness , and in some cases even extreme mirth .
It 's just the way we 've evolved , " says Lee Duffner , MD , a professor of ophthalmology at the University of Miami's Bascom Palmer Eye Institute .
As it turns out , that 's good , because both laughter and crying can ease a stressful experience , probably by counteracting the effects of cortisol and adrenaline .
So if you ever find yourself laughing until you cry , count yourself lucky .
( Get the giggles with these four ways to laugh more . )
JREF Swift Blog
Prophecy Results
Some of you may remember my article last year , wherein I invented a new form of mysticism related to iTunes , and shared my prognostications with the world .
A year has passed , and it 's time to to check my score .
Though I do n't actually claim to have any paranormal powers of prediction , I think you 'll agree that I was quite accurate .
Here they are :
A major celebrity couple will break up amidst rumors of infidelity
Well , there were many this year in fact , but it was clearly Tiger Woods that was coming through so strongly .
An earthquake in South America will raise concerns over larger earthquakes in the future
I was only a few hundred miles off on this prediction , which actually referred to Honduras and Belize , in Central America .
Residents have been warned to prepare for tsunamis , which often follow offshore events such as this one .
NASA will lose one of its spacecraft
While NASA spectacularly crashed a vessel into the Moon 's surface in October , I 'm sure it was the beleagured Mars Rover Spirit that was calling to me .
With a name like that , it certainly makes sense .
Poor Spirt broke though some crusty soil and became trapped in the sand underneath .
NASA has tried for months to free her , but to no avail .
A blockbuster movie , years in the making , will unexpectedly flop at the box office
It may surprise many of you , but Avatar was a flop .
12 years in the making , a $ 73,000,000 take on opening weekend was more than 25 % lower than anticipated .
And if you had invested as much as $ 500,000,000 in a film , you might call it a flop too .
A major automaker will merge with another
Sure enough , one of the " big three , " Chrysler , merged with Fiat in June .
It really is hard to define " American car " these days .
A leading union will strike and picket lines will form with reports of violence
In an event that actually affected some aspects of TAM London , British postal workers voted to strike causing massive delays in the mail system .
There will be fewer hurricanes hitting the US this year
As predicted , 2009 was a very quiet year for hurricanes .
There were nine named storms , which is only 60 % of an average season .
The Internet will suffer a failure causing speculation of terrorism
While there were several smaller outages caused by such things as cut cables , the " denial of service attack " against Twitter , the ubiquitous micro-blogging service was exactly what I foresaw .
President Obama 's approval rating will steadily decline throughout the year
Yes , as the blue line shows , enthusiasm for the Obama presidency sank as dissatisfaction rose .
A previously unknown species will be found in an unexpected place
In fact , an entire forest of new species were found using Google Earth .
So there it is , near 100 % accuracy .
Well , it would be if I were doing what many of the " professionals " do .
While none of these events was too hard to imagine in the first place , my evidence is suspect in many of these examples .
Consider the following :
Does Tiger
Woods really count as a " celebrity couple ? "
There was no major earthquake in South America , and the Mars Rover Spirit is n't lost , just stuck .
Chrysler and Fiat did merge , but there were talks about mergers long before Jan 4 , 2009 .
I could find no reports of actual violence in the British postal strike .
There were fewer hurricanes , a direct hit , but it was really a 50/50 shot , and I could have compared it to any year I wanted if it had turned out to be an average year .
As for the Internet , it suffers outages all the time , and these days , whenever anything goes wrong , " terrorism " springs to mind as an explanation .
Note that I did n't say it would be caused by terrorism .
President Obama 's decline was easy to predict , given the state of the economy , but was it really steady ?
Yeah , I have to admit it was , but again , an easy one .
And for new species , new species are ALWAYS being discovered .
Finding a new forest with Google Earth , however , is the cool part of that story , and I did n't mention it at all .
So if someone offers you a prediction or prophecy , take my advice : accept nothing less than lottery numbers .
If they win , share a bit with the " psychic . "
And if they do n't , you 'll understand why the psychic was n't playing alongside you .
Many of you posted your own predictions in last year 's comments .
How did you do ?
Silvio Berlusconi has been injured at a rally in Milan tonight after a man threw a model of Milan cathedral at him , according to Italian news reports .
The Italian prime minister was whisked away in a car after falling to the ground during the attack .
State television showed Berlusconi with blood on his lips as he was lifted to his feet by aides .
Police initially said a young man had punched Berlusconi in the face outside the Piazza del Duomo , but later said the man had hurled a small metal object at the premier from close range .
A 42 - year - old man was arrested at the scene , according to the Ansa news agency .
Berlusconi is to be kept in hospital overnight following the incident , which happened after the premier delivered a speech to his conservative supporters this evening .
Initial X - rays showed a injuries to two teeth but the 73 - year - old prime minister and media mogul said " I 'm fine , I 'm fine " when he was moved to a hospital room in the northern city , Ansa said .
" What they 've done to Berlusconi is an act of terrorism , " said Umberto Bossi , head of the far - right Northern League and a close Berlusconi ally .
The attack concludes a rather dismal weekend for Berlusconi , whose approval ratings slid four percentage points in November as his legal troubles mounted , according to an opinion poll in an Italian newspaper on Saturday .
Stripped of immunity from prosecution , Berlusconi faces the reopening of a number of trials against him , including one on charges of bribery and corruption and another for tax fraud .
Berlusconi's approval ratings fell to 50.1 % at the beginning of December , from 54.4 % in early November , according to an Ipsos poll in La Stampa .
The lower ratings meant Berlusconi 's government , which enjoys approval ratings of 53.2 % , is more popular than the prime minister himself , the newspaper said .
MEXICO CITY 
It had been an elaborate farewell to one of Mexico ’s fallen heroes .
Ensign Melquisedet Angulo Córdova , a special forces sailor killed last week during the government ’s most successful raid on a top drug lord in years , received a stirring public tribute in which the secretary of the navy presented his mother with the flag that covered her son ’s coffin .
Then , only hours after the grieving family had finished burying him in his hometown the next day , gunmen burst into the family ’s house and sprayed the rooms with gunfire , killing his mother and three other relatives , officials said Tuesday .
It was a chilling epilogue to the navy - led operation that killed the drug lord , Arturo Beltrán Leyva , and six of his gunmen .
And it appeared to be intended as a clear warning to the military forces on the front line of President Felipe Calderón ’s war against Mexico ’s drug cartels : not only you , but your family is a target as well .
Prosecutors , police chiefs and thousands of others have been killed in the violence gripping Mexico , with whole families sometimes coming under attack during a cartel ’s assassination attempt .
But going after the family of a sailor who had already been killed is an exceedingly rare form of intimidation , analysts say , and illustrates how little progress the government has made toward one of its most important goals : reclaiming a sense of peace and order for Mexicans caught in the cross - fire .
Hands on hips , shoulders back , head raised proudly , Christina Lewis poses for photos on her style blog .
Here she is in a body - con miniskirt , with faux fur cape , and deep , vampish red lipstick .
Here , again , in a tight Topshop dress , black biker jacket and ferocious , feathered collar .
Then , once more , in a PVC dress , a studded waistcoat , and heavy Jil Sander shoes that look capable of breaking a breeze block with a single swing .
She is tough , strong , beautiful .
As cool and cutting - edge as they come .
Lewis is also a US size 24 ( UK 26 ) , and her style blog , Musings of a Fatshionista , has been building a strong following in recent months .
On her site she describes herself as " fat and fancy as it gets " , before writing that , " when your options are seemingly limited , how do you stand out and be as fabulous as everyone else ?
By not being afraid to take risks " .
A 24 - year - old graphic designer from Takoma Park , Maryland , Lewis began developing her sense of style while at art school in Philadelphia .
Since then , she tells me , " I 'm never afraid to put myself out there with what I wear .
I always tell people I do n't dress to look slim , I dress to look amazing ! "
Lewis 's site is one of a wave of new style blogs by women who are defying their marginalisation by the fashion world .
So , for instance , there 's Young , Fat and Fabulous , run by Gabi Gregg , a 23 - year - old teacher from Michigan , who says she started it because other sites " did n't know what was going on on the streets " .
Bloggers in the US are also behind Fatshionable and the Manfattan Project ; there are plus - size bloggers in France , Australia , Germany and Poland .
In Britain , Diane Dennis , a 34 - year - old fashion designer from Birmingham , runs Fat Girls Like Nice Clothes Too .
I ask whether she paused before using the word " fat " in her blog title , and she says : " No , not really .
I wanted to be direct , to stick my fingers up at fashion , and say ' Yes , I am fat .
So what ? ' "
The sites vary , but most feature photographs of favourite outfits , reviews of plus - size fashion lines , as well as images of some of the women who inspire them , such as singer Beth Ditto , and model Kelli Jean Drinkwater .
Most recently , many have featured Gabourey Sidibe , star of surprise hit movie Precious , who has been transforming perceptions of beauty and body image these past few weeks , striding the red carpet in dress after couture dress .
These sites represent the point where two internet trends collide .
The first is the growth of a loose collection of blogs affectionately known as the " fat - o - sphere " .
On sites such as the highly popular Shapely Prose , writers and readers discuss issues surrounding body image and fat acceptance ( the idea that people should accept their weight , give up dieting , and commit themselves to being healthy at their current size . )
At the same time , following the enormous success of The Sartorialist blog – where Scott Schuman posts photographs of stylish people he encounters in the streets – style blogs have become more varied , and more focused .
Thirteen - year - old fashion writer Tavi Gevinson has caused a sensation , and Ari Seth Cohen 's Advanced Style site has been capturing " New York 's most stylish and creative older folks " .
Style blogs are democratising fashion , offering much more diverse images than we 're used to .
Fat people are perhaps the least visible group of all in fashion terms , a status that plays out in two related ways .
First is the paucity of clothes available to anyone over a certain size , a source of sadness for many fat style bloggers .
" I think people underestimate how difficult it is to stay current , because the options are very limited " , says Gregg .
It is also a source of inspiration .
Lilli Hingee , 31 , who works in publishing in Melbourne , began her site , Frocks and Frou Frou , partly because " the plus - size market in Australia is really , really dreadful " , and partly as a result of seeing other women struggle with what was available .
Hingee is a self - described " curvy girl " – neither fat nor thin – and on her site she documents items in larger sizes available from international fashion lines .
In the last months of 2009 , she posted a picture of herself in a different dress each day , for a project she called " frockapalooza " .
The other way in which fat women – indeed , almost all women – are marginalised , is in terms of fashion imagery , with an insistence on extremely thin , young , and generally white women in magazines and on catwalks .
In the past few months there have been small signs that attitudes are changing .
Last year US Glamour magazine ran an image of plus - size model Lizzie Miller , sitting naked and unperturbed by her small , soft belly , which provoked a huge response .
Glamour editor Cindi Leive , was then inspired to run another photoshoot with plus - size models – again , all posed naked .
This month , high fashion magazine V ran its size issue , featuring a photoshoot by fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld , which pictured burlesque star Miss Dirty Martini in an array of bras , nipple tassels and suspenders .
Both Glamour and V have also run images of plus - size models in clothes , but it 's interesting to note how many shoots depict them either half or fully naked .
The images seem intent on fetishising big women , depicting them as intensely sexual beings , creatures of great appetites – not an unusual theme on the internet , where fat fetishist sites abound .
Kate Harding , the writer behind Shapely Prose , points out that " they put them naked , and it 's supposed to be this revolution , and in fact it 's just like ' Great !
You objectified someone a little bigger ! ' "
Compare these images to those available on the mother of all fat style blogs : Fatshionista .
This began as an online forum in 2004 , and has since gone from strength to strength .
Described as " a heady mixture of social politics , fat - girl memoir , and popular culture " , it now centres around a personal blog run by Lesley Kinzel , and still includes a forum where readers discuss " plus - size clothes swaps " , or where to get a sports bra .
But perhaps the site 's most mesmerizing feature is its Flickr gallery , where anyone US size 14 ( UK 16 ) and over can post photographs of themselves in their favourite outfits .
So you have a stunning woman in a red dress , a tattoo spreading rapturously across her chest .
There 's another tattooed lady in a peacock tunic , her bright yellow sandals echoing her bright yellow hair .
There 's a woman in a pink and green flowered mod dress with pink tights .
There are women in satin cocktail dresses with lace gloves ; cartoon print tunics with cowboy boots ; hotpants with a jumper and beret ; in swimsuits , bikinis , and tight , tight T - shirts .
Thousands of women staring defiantly at the camera , daring someone to suggest they 're not gorgeous .
Clicking through these photos , you get a sense of just how easy it might actually be to change our visual culture .
Dodai Stewart , deputy editor of popular women 's website Jezebel , has written of her first encounter with Fatshionista that " while scrolling through the images , it was startling , at first , to see picture after picture of ' fat ' , plus - size , or heavy women .
Not because of their bodies , or their clothes – they look fantastic – but because I just was n't used to it " .
I ask feminist and psychoanalyst Susie Orbach , author of Bodies , whether she thinks these sites could shift our cultural outlook , expand our notions of beauty .
" There 's no doubt that they could , " she says , before explaining the way we respond to images .
" How do we get from a trend for straight - legged jeans to wide jeans ?
At first we find the new image foreign and horrible , and then it becomes very present , and we start to feel there 's something wrong with us because we do n't conform to it , and we want to catch up .
It 's the same with body image " .
Because we constantly see photographs of very thin women , many of them Photoshopped , we spend our lives trying to fit that impossible ideal – a relentless , often futile quest .
" If we were seeing images , not just of fat women , but of all sizes , we would n't be continually having to catch up in terms of our own body size , " says Orbach , " so we would n't be wanting to change it .
We might feel that we were represented , and then we could focus on other aspects of our lives " .
Some claim that the sites promote obesity , that by showing stylish , proud fat women , they may encourage others to put on weight .
Orbach disagrees .
" I think thinness is what promotes obesity , because it promotes dieting , and dieting is one of the biggest causes of disturbed eating . "
Her one concern is that some of the photographs could be considered objectifying , " I 'd much rather see women doing something , rather than just staring at the camera " , she says .
Stewart offers another take on this .
" Fashion can be great , " she says , " but the women we see in magazines , and on catwalks , often seem like a kind of clone army .
They all look the same , and they 're reduced to the status of coat hangers : the ultimate objects .
Then you look at women on sites like Fatshionista , and the photographs are as much about their individual personalities as they are about the clothes .
You see the style and the person combined . "
In fashion terms then , these women appear the ultimate subjects .
Orbach feels the sites are " trying to transform aspects of visual culture , which will be very helpful to people .
I wish they were in the mainstream " .
Others also hope – and suspect – that this might happen .
Kinzel suggests " it 's inevitable that not just fat fashion blogs , but all fashion blogging , will have an impact .
It 's hard for fashion magazines to compete when you have amazing free blogs like The Sartorialist and Advanced Style .
Fashion has always existed as a place that people look to , aspire to , and admire from afar , but never feel part of .
That 's changing .
The sudden use of more plus - size models in fashion magazines is absolutely influenced , however vaguely , by fashion blogs that show a diversity of people " .
There are certainly signs that these sites are having an affect on individual women .
Ragini Nag Rao , a student from Kolkata , India , first started posting pictures of herself on Fatshionista in 2008 , after struggling with her body image .
" For the first time in my life , " she says , " I was seeing these people who were my size , and larger , and who all looked great , and I thought ' If they can do it , why ca n't I ? ' "
Nag Rao recently started her own blog , Forays in Fatshion , and when I ask whether this has improved her self - confidence , she says , " Yes , radically .
It 's transformed me , really " .
Many of these bloggers see what they 're doing as a political statement , as well as an enjoyable pursuit .
" Being fat and comfortable with yourself , and calling yourself fashionable , is in itself political , " says Gregg .
" It runs against what the mainstream considers possible " .
Nag Rao agrees .
" Putting pictures of myself up on the internet is my small act of fat activism .
When I upload my pictures , I always tag them with the words ' obesity epidemic ' and ' 200 lbs ' because this is what the obesity epidemic looks like .
It 's not the huge , headless fatty that you see in the newspapers .
This is it . "
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 14
M94 : A New Perspective
Image Credit & Copyright : R Jay Gabany ( Blackbird Obs . )
Collaboration : I. Trujillo , I. Martinez - Valpuesta , D. Martinez - Delgado ( IAC ) ; J. Penarrubia ( IoA Cambridge ) ; M. Pohlen ( Cardiff )
Explanation : Beautiful island universe M94 lies a mere 15 million light - years distant in the northern constellation of the hunting dogs , Canes Venatici .
A popular target for astronomers , the brighter inner part of the face - on spiral galaxy is about 30,000 light - years across .
Traditionally , deep images have been interpreted as showing M94's inner spiral region surrounded by a faint , broad ring of stars .
But a new multi- wavelength investigation has revealed previously undetected spiral arms sweeping across the outskirts of the galaxy 's disk , an outer disk actively engaged in star formation .
At optical wavelengths , M94's outer spiral arms are followed in this remarkable discovery image , processed to enhance the outer disk structure .
Background galaxies are visible through the faint outer arms , while the three spiky foreground stars are in our own Milky Way galaxy .
InfoQ Homepage Presentations RPC and its Offspring : Convenient , Yet Fundamentally Flawed
RPC and its Offspring : Convenient , Yet Fundamentally Flawed
Like Bookmarks
View Presentation Vertical
Horizontal
Full
Speed : 1x
1.25x
1.5x
2x
01:04:18
Summary
In this presentation from QCon London 2009 , Steve Vinoski discusses what RPC means , the origin and history of RPC , RFC 707 , the origins of Distributed Computing Environment ( DCE ) , the growth of the Internet , standardization , distributed objects , CORBA , DCOM , Java , SOAP , WS -* , the fundamental flaws in RPC , REST properties and constraints , REST vs RPC philosophy , Erlang reliability and concurrency .
Bio Steve Vinoski is a member of technical staff at Verivue , a startup in Westford , MA , USA .
He was previously chief architect and Fellow at IONA Technologies ( now part of Progress Software ) for a decade , and prior to that held various software and hardware engineering positions at Hewlett - Packard , Apollo Computer , and Texas Instruments .
About the conference QCon is a conference that is organized by the community , for the community .
The result is a high quality conference experience where a tremendous amount of attention and investment has gone into having the best content on the most important topics presented by the leaders in our community .
QCon is designed with the technical depth and enterprise focus of interest to technical team leads , architects , and project managers .
The link begging craze that plagued the web over the past 5 years is truly coming to an end .
For the average SEO consultant who puts a keyword in the meta tags and searches through competitor links , on the prowl for email addresses , times are a changing .
Link building services need to evolve as the web evolves .
Like the rubbish pair of socks you get from an irritating relative at christmas , they will be cast aside , steam rolled by better and shinier presents .
When I talk to people in the field , the most interesting part of the conversation is around linking .
I love strategies that generate links because they can show true entrepreneurial flair i.e. find something people want and create it .
Really , it ’s no different from great marketing .
But for a lot of people , resources are often not available to put a huge amount of time aside for linking so how can you start getting some links right now ?
The following technique is pretty simple and is just another form of article marketing but it does adhere to the principle above i.e. find something people want and create it .
Gathering Content
The growth of social media has given us direct access to conversations in our target market .
It allows us to build an automated list of content that our market may be interested in .
For example , let ’s say I am in the “ dog training ” market .
I can setup the following feeds .
1. Twitter
http://search.twitter.com/search?q=dog+training
Add this feed to your Google Reader
2. Digg
http://digg.com/search?s=dog+training
Add this feed to your Google Reader
3. Google Alerts
You can set up a number of Google Alerts to keep track of keywords in your market .
Just remember to add them as a feed :
These are just some quick examples .
You can grab feeds from a variety of social sites in this way .
What ’s Popular
The next step is to find popular content which is being republished around the web .
This will ensure there is a market for your content and somewhere to advertise it .
How many times have you written one article that got 0 views and was not republished anywhere on the web ?
Sure it gets you a link from the article directory but why not improve upon it a little to squeeze more out of your content ?
A quick method of doing this is taking articles with a lot of bookmarks and comments , then looking to see where they are being published .
For example , I found this article on Digg :
http://www.google.co.uk/#hl=en&q=intitle%3A%22Lifeguard+Dogs+Coming+to+Italian+Beaches%22&meta=&aq=&oq=intitle%3A%22Lifeguard+Dogs+Coming+to+Italian+Beaches%22&fp=85206a360d6a28e6
In this way you can build up a list of popular article headers and sites that may be interested in the content .
** Note :
There are tools that will do this for you …
Creating + Seeding The Content
You should now be armed with a list of possible article headers and sites to ping once the content is live .
If you want to automate the process of creating articles I recommend using WP - O - Matic to pull chosen RSS feeds into a WordPress blog that are setup to store content , train an article team to comb through the data and produce content based upon the metrics set out .
Once the articles are seeded out directories , you can set up Google Alerts to track every site that publishes them .
This means you can :
– Get your links indexed
– Build links to your links ( if that makes sense )
– Follow up with publishers who have used your content
The purpose of this post is to show one simple technique that can be pretty much automated using simple RSS feeds , WP - O - Matic and a little bit of research .
It ’s quick and easy , plus can be fully automated .
There is another major part of this system ( that can also be automated ) “ Get your links indexed ” but that is a different post altogether !!!!
Just make sure you are not the boring pair of socks that no one wants ….
Mancare online
Mancare online
Comanzi mincare online ?
Mincarea chinezeasca e la moda !
Ritmul de viata agitat si putinul timp liber pe care gospodinele il au la dispozitie sa pregateasca cina a facut ca afacerile cu mancare on line sa prospere de la o zi la alta .
Pizza , deserturi sau ciorbe si mancare traditionala romaneasca sunt doar cateva dintre optiunile dintre care romanii pot alege indiferent de momentul zilei .
Insa daca doresti ceva cu totul deosebit , usor si sanatos , poti comanda mancare online chinezeasca .
Desigur , ar fi bine sa te interesezi inainte sa comanzi in legatura cu ingredientele meniului ales , deoarece mancarea on line chinezeasca este diferita de mancarea cu care suntem obisnuiti .
Iata cateva sfaturi despre cum trebuie sa comanzi mincare on line chinezeasca :
1. Citeste cu atentie meniul postat pe Internet sau pliantul oferit .
De obicei ingredientele sunt mentionate .
2 . Alege meniul preferat .
Mancarea online chinezesca poate contine pui , porc , vita , legume sau toate acestea deodata .
3 . Alege unul din sosurile chinezesti , sunt intradevar deosebite .
Cateva dintre cele mai populare sosuri sunt : sos de usturoi ( asezonat cu legume ) , Szechuan ( picant , cu muguri de bambus , ardei iute , morcovi ) sau Kung Pao ( ardei gras , morcovi , muguri de bambus , telina , alune ) .
4 . Ingredientele pot varia de la un restaurant la altul , asa ca mincarea online trebuie aleasa cu atentie .
Este posibil ca nu toata lumea sa agreeze combinatiile de arome dulci-acrisoare oferite de mancarurile on line chinezesti .
Tot ceea ce putem spune este ca gustul pentru mincarea chinezesca este unul care se formeaza in timp .
Comandand mancare online chinezeasca si incercand diverse meniuri este desigur un inceput .
Sunteti gata pentru o sarbatoare a gustului ?
Israeli officials on Sunday tried to downplay tensions looming with the United States after George Mitchell , the Obama administration 's Middle East envoy , suggested in a PBS interview that the US could consider withholding support for loan guarantees for Israel .
Israel 's finance minister , Yuval Steinitz , said on Sunday that Israel has " no indication that there is any intention to pressure us through the guarantees ... only a few months ago we reached an agreement with the US treasury and state departments on the extension of their guarantees . "
However , he also said that Israel could do without the guarantees , if necessary .
" We do n't have to use those guarantees .
We are doing very well without them , " Mr. Steinitz said Sunday .
He added in his comments that Israel late last year agreed with the US on the guarantees for 2010 and 2011 , and no conditions were placed on Israel at that time .
Israeli Education Minister Gideon Sa'ar also addressed Mr. Mitchell 's remark at Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's weekly cabinet meeting on Sunday , saying that Israel would act in its own interests and not according to external pressures .
" The American administration knows that those who are holding up the negotiations are the Palestinians , " said Sa'ar .
" Israel made many concessions while the Palestinians did n't do a thing . "
From the Israeli point of view , Netanyahu 's offer of a ten - month freeze in settlement construction back in November was a peace - making gesture that has not been met by Palestinian willingness to come back to the negotiating table .
But from the Palestinian viewpoint , President Mahmoud Abbas is finally " standing up " to Western pressure to return to negotiations by insisting on a full moratorium on building of Israeli settlements , including in East Jerusalem .
The Palestinians see the eastern half of the city – under Jordanian control until 1967 -- as their future capital , but Israel annexed the territory and does not consider East Jerusalem neighborhoods as settlements .
A hot issue
US backing for Israel 's loan guarantees has been a hot issue in the past , most pointedly in the early 1990s when the administration of George H. W. Bush faced a head - on collision with the Likud premier , Yitzhak Shamir , who refused to curtail settlement building in the West Bank .
Ultimately , the Bush administration decided it would subtract equivalent amounts of money from the $ 10 billion in loan guarantees for every dollar Israel spent building settlements in the occupied territories .
The outcome of the spat was a low - point in US - Israel relations .
" Theoretically of course , the withdrawal of loan guarantees could be an act of pressure , but Israel does n’t really need loan guarantees , " says Peter Medding , an expert on US - Israel relations at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
" But if they try to do it , as they did very unsuccessfully in the early 1990s , it would have to come from the White House .
I do n't think it 's Obama 's style , and I do n't think it fits the circumstances .
If anything , they 've been trying to persuade Abbas to come to the party , and are still waiting for him . "
Certainly , Senators John McCain ( R ) of Arizona and Joseph Lieberman ( I ) of Connecticut agree with this view , as the two expressed during a press conference in Jerusalem .
" Any attempt to pressure Israel , to force Israel , to the negotiating table by denying Israel support will not pass the Congress of the United States , " said Senator Lieberman .
Senator McCain added : " We disagree , obviously , with that comment and I am sure that you will see the administration in the future say that is certainly not the administration 's policy . "
Increased military activity in Gaza
Concurrent with the political tensions is a ratcheting up of military activity over the past few days in and around Gaza .
Mr. Netanyahu said that 20 mortars and rockets had been fired at Israel in the past week .
" I regard this very seriously , " Netanyahu said Sunday .
" The [ Israeli Defense Forces ] responded immediately ; it attacked missile - producing factories in the Gaza Strip and tunnels through which Iran smuggles missiles and rockets into the Strip .
The government 's policy is clear :
Any firing at our territory will be responded to strongly and immediately . "
Israel said four missiles were fired at Israel 's Negev region from Gaza on Sunday .
Palestinian sources reported that Israeli air strikes east of Deir el - Balah killed one and injured several others .
Early Sunday , Palestinians said two Gaza were shot dead in northern Gaza Strip near Israel 's security barrier .
Israel 's military said it was not involved in the incident , according an initial investigation .
On Thursday , three Palestinians were killed in a series of Israeli air strikes in Gaza , including the first air raid in months to target a site inside Gaza City .
--- Material from the Associated Press was used in this report .
Google vs. Stephen Conroy
Stephen Conroy is taking on internet giants Google and Facebook over their recent privacy breaches .
But is he just capitalising on the public sentiment against the two companies to take the heat off his widely - panned internet filter plans ?
Ulysses Rodriguez Charles , who spent about 18 years in prison after being wrongfully convicted of raping three women in a Brighton apartment , has settled a federal civil rights lawsuit against the City of Boston for $ 3.25 million , according to a city lawyer .
Charles and lawyers for the city reached the settlement earlier this month , averting a trial in US District Court in Boston , William F. Sinnott , the city ’s corporation counsel , said yesterday .
The deal came eight months after a state jury in a civil trial cited “ clear and convincing evidence ’ ’ in declaring that Charles was innocent of the 1980 rapes and was entitled to $ 500,000 under the state ’s wrongful conviction compensation law .
“ There are five victims in this case , ’’ Charles ’s lawyer , Frank C. Corso , said yesterday .
“ There are the three women who were raped .
There is the man who spent 18 years in prison for a crime he did not commit .
And there ’s society , which is paying money and not solving a crime . ’’
Charles , 59 , a former welder , has continuing legal problems , however .
Federal immigration authorities still intend to deport him to his native Trinidad , said Corso , who is opposing the effort .
The authorities have been seeking to remove him for years as a result of other criminal convictions , including one in 1989 for trafficking heroin while in prison .
In October 2008 , US District Court Judge Nancy Gertner urged immigration authorities not to deport Charles until after his civil rights lawsuit against the Boston Police Department had gone to trial .
The trial was tentatively scheduled for Nov. 30 of this year but was put off because of settlement talks .
Even though Charles ’s convictions were overturned in May 2001 and a Suffolk Superior Court jury vindicated him in April of this year under the wrongful conviction compensation law , the city has never exonerated him .
Sinnott said lawyers for the city and Charles “ engaged in long and thoughtful deliberations , and this is a settlement that both sides are satisfied with . ’’
Charles , who had worked for General Dynamics building Navy ships , was convicted in 1984 of breaking into an apartment on Commonwealth Avenue in Brighton and raping three female roommates , one of whom was threatened with a screwdriver to the throat .
He was sentenced to 80 years in prison .
His convictions were overturned and he was freed after DNA testing revealed that semen found on a robe and bedsheet of one of the victims belonged to two other men and that his DNA was not found in the apartment .
Charles ’s defense lawyers contended that police and prosecutors deliberately withheld evidence that could have cleared him .
Suffolk County prosecutors declined to retry the criminal case , saying two decades had passed since the rapes , evidence had been lost , and investigators had died .
But they insisted that the DNA evidence did not clear Charles because jurors at the trial had been told the rapist did not ejaculate .
In addition , two of the women who were raped told the Globe after the conviction was overturned that they had no doubts that Charles was the assailant .
After Charles was freed from prison , he was immediately taken into custody by immigration authorities who sought to deport him for other convictions .
But a federal judge released him in August 2002 , pending a ruling by an immigration judge .
In October 2003 , an immigration judge ordered his deportation , which was upheld by the Board of Immigration Appeals and the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit .
The board and the appeals court rejected his argument that he had become a US citizen by filling out a declaration of intention with immigration authorities in Boston in 1973 .
Charles suffered devastating personal losses while in prison , his family has said , including the suicide of a daughter .
Saltzman can be reached at jsaltzman@globe.com
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Naughty Dog has revealed that it will be offering a Plunder Only playlist this weekend for Uncharted 2 ’s multiplayer component .
In addition to above , the developer also confirmed another temporary tweak , where players will find their health dropping to approximately 65 percent in all game modes .
Note that while this bares resemblance to the Crushing settings , Boosters will still be at your disposal .
Better mark it on your calendars , folks – the Experimental Weekend runs from 6 pm today until 7 pm Monday , December 7 .
How exactly did we get to the point where government owned banks started charging credit card holders fees for paying off their balances every month ?
The government passed laws like the Community Reinvestment
Act which essentially mandated banks to loan to people who would not have been able to obtain loans otherwise .
Then , the government and the Federal Reserve created money out of thin air and lent it to banks at absurdly low rates .
Flush with new and cheap money , these banks massively increased their lending to “ sub - prime ” borrowers ( begin bubble ) .
With the money supply growing at unprecedented rates in the 1990 ’s and this decade , there was always enough money for banks to make loans .
Borrowers were able to take out second mortgages at very low rates .
Home builders rapidly built houses to meet soaring ( bubble - induced ) demand .
As with all bubbles , this one burst , leaving home builders unable to sell newly built houses and borrowers unable to meet their obligations .
Banks had sold off the rights to their lender ’s payments so they would have more money to make new loans .
This left the banks in the same boat as homeowners who could not make their payments .
But , while homeowners and home builders had to file for bankruptcy and sell off their assets to pay their debts , the banks used their lobbyists , fear , and their ownership of the Federal Reserve to convince our government to bal them out .
The government and the Federal Reserve then printed up a bunch of money –they simply created it out of thin air–and gave it to the banks in exchange for ownership .
This happened on October 3rd , 2008 .
I can understand the government ’s perverse rationale that led it to bail out these banks .
What I can not understand is why , over a year later , the government continues to own large stakes in these banks .
The government has now taken to regulating the salaries of banking officials , as well as the actions and practices of these banks .
So , it comes as no surprise to the observant that the government would use its power and control to create perverse incentives .
Bank of America and Citigroup–two firms now under the ownership of the federal government have begun implementing new fees .
These fees are not on late payments , gong over one ’s credit limit , or cash advances .
Instead , these government owned banks have announced fees for customers who regularly pay off their balances .
Customers who leave monthly balances on their cards will not be charged the fees .
A fee is similar to a tax ( especially if t is levied by a government owned entity ) .
Both taxes and fees use pricing to create incentives to change behavior .
Because Bank of America and Citigroup are owned by the government , a fee on those who pay off their balances regularly can be viewed as a tax on them .
Because those who leave monthly balances on their cards are exempt from these fees , this can be viewed as a subsidy for those who leave balances .
Our government is creating perverse and dangerous incentives : they are incentivizing debt and discouraging good and proper financial habits .
But , you cant hardly be surprised by this .
After all : our perverse government ’s perverse actions do tend to lead to perverse incentives .
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
Well , it was last weekend and i was watching porn on my computer and masturbating when my dog came in the room to see what the fuss was about .
She kept trying to see what i was doing but i shooed her away , but then she saw my junk and started trying to lick it .
At first i tried to stop her but then i went with it and it was pretty good , so i kept masturbating and finished and let the dog clean up .
I asked the indian kid at school if he 's done the same with a dog but he said you can get dog herpes and sometimes AIDS !
So is that true or is he keeping all the fun stuff to himself ?
I do n't want to die from that !
France 's " three strikes " law threatening Internet disconnections for repeat copyright infringers should have been in effect by now , but it has n't yet become law due to one French privacy agency .
The country 's Commission nationale de l’informatique et des libert�s ( CNIL ) was created in the late 1970s in order to vet new legislation for privacy concerns , and to keep an eye on government databases and data collection efforts .
CNIL 's somewhat dramatic motto is " information technology must respect the human identity , the human rights , privacy and liberties " — and CNIL is not yet convinced that the new three strikes law will do that .
The sticking point is the new authority ( referred to as HADOPI after its initials ) that oversees the graduated response process .
HADOPI will compile lists of ( alleged ) offenders , along with dates , number of infractions , penalties , etc. CNIL wants to make sure that this data collection safeguards privacy , and so it has refused to issue the necessary sign - off letter that the government needs to put the law into operation .
First , CNIL want more information on how HADOPI 's data collection and archiving processes will work .
Until it gets it , the law is on hold .
The government appears ready to provide CNIL with the information it wants , so HADOPI will probably be up and running within a few months .
The exterior of Boeing ’s Dreamliner 787 may be nothing special , but its interior is another story .
In the video — embedded after the break , you ’ll see “ a custom interior by Greenpoint Technologies that sports a full conference room , two bedrooms , self - contained airstairs , as well as a full bathroom complete with bathtub and wall - sized mirror in the rear of the aircraft . ”
The company also says the new material will hold up better to the wear and tear of flight than traditional aluminum .
Boeing says it has orders for more than 850 of the planes , which officially sell for around $ 150 million each .
Gaza 's Untold Story
By Mamoon Alabbasi
28 December , 2009
Countercurrents.org
One year on since Israel 's criminally - insane war on Gaza , many are still unaware of the roots of the ' conflict ' and the plight of the Palestinian people .
Israel would like to have us believe that its latest onslaught was a direct response to resistance rockets or even Hamas 's democratic accession to power , forgetting that both of which came into existence as a response to Israeli policies .
But even those of us who have seen the true light , and are no longer deceived by the barrage of ' flat earth news ' , sometimes forget - if we were ever aware of - the depth and complexity of the tragedy .
And that is the gap in understanding that veteran American - Palestinian author Ramzy Baroud seeks to fill in his latest book " ' My Father Was a Freedom Fighter : Gaza 's Untold Story " ( Pluto Press , London , 2010 ) .
In our preoccupation with the Goldstone report ( among other UN probes ) , human rights groups assessments , war crimes allegations , high civilian casualties , UNRWA statistics , official statements here and there , we become overwhelmed with information that makes many of us lose sight of context .
And many of those who do take a step back to get a clearer picture of why such things are happening tend to stop at 1967 ; Israel 's illegal occupation of the Palestinian territories .
Yet for Palestinians , and for those in Gaza in particular , the tragedy goes back to 1948 ; dispossession .
For those who are serious about achieving peaceful coexistence between Israelis and Palestinians , the issue of Palestinian refugees must be duly addressed .
Baroud 's book provides an exceptional understanding of that very topic , beautifully combining the personal experiences of Palestinians ( his family as one example , with a special focus on his father ) with that of their collective history - in English .
The book shows us an example of the human face to that suffering at a time we have grown accustomed to debating cold facts and figures , and interpretations of humanitarian and international law .
These laws are meant to protect real people , and these statistics correspond to human beings - flesh and blood - who have their own dreams , aspirations , fears and even shortcomings .
And these Palestinians are not demons ( as some would like to have us believe ) but nor are they angels who are above feeling human pain and hardship .
As some of the book 's pages cause you to burst into laughter , others would lead you to flood in tears as you interact with the true stories of his family , but Baroud 's words of reason frequently resurface to the text to provide you with context and relevant collective history and background .
This parallel of facts and feelings keeps you aware that these moving ( sometimes comic but mainly tragic ) stories are not meant for entertainment , but are part of history .
Yet you could never understand the impact of this history if you did not try to relate to the book 's real - life characters .
Baroud relies on context to explain the moral superiority of the plight of Palestinians , but the book 's characters invite everyone - even , no , especially Israelis - to step into their shoes to understand their legitimate grievances and systematic suffering .
The book is a must - read for even those who are extremely familiar with the Palestinian question .
But such narrative should not be confined to educated readers .
Its universal message must reach a wider audience via film .
Palestinians who died suffering in poverty and under oppression should not exit this world without having the last word - even if that last word is only heard after their death .
Mohammed Baroud - of Beit Daras - can now rest in peace .
There are millions more who are dying - or have already died - to be heard , in their struggle for freedom .
Who will step forward to tell their stories ?
Let history begin and maybe someday Palestinians too would have their own ' Never Again ' moment in the not - too - distant future .
The book is available at Amazon.com and also through the publisher , Pluto Press .
Mamoon Alabbasi is an Iraqi editor in London .
He can be reached at : alabbasi@writing.com
A letter from the Editor
Dear reader ,
The COVID - 19 - induced lockdown and the absolute necessity for human beings to maintain a physical distance from one another in order to contain the pandemic has changed our lives in unimaginable ways .
The print medium all over the world is no exception .
As the distribution of printed copies is unlikely to resume any time soon , Frontline will come to you only through the digital platform until the return of normality .
The resources needed to keep up the good work that Frontline has been doing for the past 35 years and more are immense .
It is a long journey indeed .
Readers who have been part of this journey are our source of strength .
Subscribing to the online edition , I am confident , will make it mutually beneficial .
If Phone Arena 's leaked roadmap is correct , Sprint will be launching an Android WiMax phone from HTC in 2010 .
Advertisement
The document says that an HTC A9292 is on the way , possessing a candybar form factor .
And comparing that to HTC 's convention for model numbers , means that the phone will be powered by Android .
Also interesting is that Phone Arena 's tipster brought up the possibility of Sprint launching the Palm C40 ( which is n't on the list ) , and a Motorola WinMo phone though nobody has a clue what those could be .
But Phone Arena says that Moto has no plans to launch a WinMo 6.5 phone , so it 's possible that could be running 7.0 instead .
Curious .
Other than that , the rest of the products listed look like run -of - the - mill dumbphones and featurephones .
Yawn .
[ Phone Arena via Slashgear ]
CARCHETO -BRUSTICO , France -- Welcome to Corsica , land of white - sand beaches , fine Mediterranean food -- and menacing herds of stray cows and pigs .
For years , authorities here have been trying to put a stop to the packs of animals that regularly wander onto the streets of this sun-kissed island between France and Italy .
Nearly every day , the ...
The wolves are back , and for the first time in more than 50 years , young aspen trees are growing again in the northern range of Yellowstone National Park .
The findings of a new study , just published in Biological Conservation , show that a process called " the ecology of fear " is at work , a balance has been restored to an important natural ecosystem , and aspen trees are surviving elk browsing for the first time in decades .
The research , done by forestry researchers at Oregon State University , supports theories about " trophic cascades " of ecological damage that can be caused when key predators -- in this case , wolves -- are removed from an ecosystem , and show that recovery is possible when the predators are returned .
The results are especially encouraging for the health of America 's first national park , but may also have implications for other areas of the West and other important predators .
After an absence of 70 years , wolves were re-introduced to Yellowstone Park in 1995 , and elk populations began a steady decline , cut in half over the past decade .
Also , the presence of a natural predator appears to have altered the behavior of the remaining elk , which in their fear of wolves tend to avoid browsing in certain areas where they feel most vulnerable .
The two factors together have caused a significant reduction in elk browsing on young aspen shoots , allowing them to survive to heights where some are now above the animal browsing level .
" This is really exciting , and it 's great news for Yellowstone , " said William Ripple , a professor in the OSU College of Forestry .
" We 've seen some recovery of willows and cottonwood , but this is the first time we can document significant aspen growth , a tree species in decline all over the West .
We 've waited a long time to see this , but now we 're optimistic that things may be on the right track . "
The study found significant numbers of aspen , especially in streamside " riparian " zones , that have grown from tiny shoots in the past decade to heights of more than seven feet -- a key point in their long - term survival , placing their crowns above the height easily browsed by elk and other animals .
Tree growth in some stands has been particularly apparent just in the past 4 - 5 years .
advertisement
The long - term decline , to the point of localized extinctions , of aspen and cottonwood trees in Yellowstone National Park dates to the extirpation of the last known wolf packs in the 1920s .
Prior to the re-introduction of wolves , scientists found there were many small sprouting shoots of these important tree species , and numbers of large trees 70 years old or more -- but practically nothing in between .
High populations of grazing ungulates , primarily elk , had grazed on the small tree shoots at leisure and with little fear of attack .
But the ecological damage , researchers say , went far beyond just trees .
The loss of trees and shrubs opened the door to significant stream erosion .
Beaver dams declined .
Food webs broke down , and the chain of effects rippled through birds , insects , fish and other plant and animal species .
Aspen , a beautiful hardwood tree with golden fall color , a key to ecosystem biodiversity and a hallmark feature of mountain areas across the West , has been the focus of concern .
Unlike willows , aspen are more easily killed or suppressed by browsing and have been the slowest to show any recovery .
In some areas of the West , up to 90 percent of the aspen have disappeared .
" When I first looked at these degraded ecosystems in the mid-1990s in Yellowstone , I had doubts we would ever be able to bring the aspen back , " said Robert Beschta , a professor emeritus of forestry at OSU and co-author on the study .
" There were so many elk , and the stream ecosystems were in such poor shape .
The level of recovery we 're seeing is very encouraging . "
The OSU researchers say they believe there are two forces at work -- both the lower populations of elk , and their changed behavior due to fear of wolves -- but it 's difficult to determine exactly which force is the most significant .
advertisement
Of note , they say , is that elk populations now are actually higher than they were in the mid-1960s , when aspen trees were still in significant decline .
The major change from that period of time is the presence of wolves .
The effect of behavioral changes " may be equal to or even greater than " lower elk population levels in allowing tree survival , the researchers said in their report .
" In riparian zones , where wolves can most easily sneak up on elk , and gullies or other features make it more difficult for elk to escape , we 've seen the most aspen recovery , " Ripple said .
" We did not document nearly as much recovery in upland areas , at least so far , where elk apparently feel safer .
But even there , aspen are growing better in areas with logs or debris that would make it more difficult for elk to move quickly . "
This element of fear , the OSU scientists said , is a concept that is now getting more attention in ecology -- it factors in not just the numbers or species of animals , but also their behavior and the reasons for that behavior .
Predators such as wolves or cougars , OSU researchers have shown , have the ability to strike fear into their prey and significantly change their behavior as a result .
The recovery of aspen , the researchers said , appears to have no link to climate or local terrain , since unbrowsed aspen in upland sites are growing just about as much as those in riparian zones .
" The issue of aspen decline in the American West is huge , and their recovery will depend on local conditions and issues in many areas , " Ripple said .
" In northern Yellowstone , we finally have some good news to report .
It 's just a start , but it 's a pretty good start . "
Our older son is a fifth - grader who , along with other girls and boys his age , is trying to make sense of the cusp of adolescence .
Some of the girls in his class are beginning to talk about boyfriends and the exciting prospect of kissing ; all of the boys are figuring out how to deal with this .
In the midst of a rapidly - changing social environment , our son is playing true to form : he is asking countless questions in an attempt to figure out how an eleven - year - old should respond .
Recently one of his moms fielded a particularly memorable question : “ Mom , when you were younger and first kissed a boy … or a girl … or a boy — that part ’s not important — anyway , when you first kissed someone , how did you figure out how to do it ? ”
The Gayby Boom
As one of the children in a family comprised of two moms and two dads ( along with numerous aunts , uncles , grandparents , and family friends ) , our son , along with his younger brother , is part of a growing demographic in the United States : children of lesbian and gay couples .
Of course , lesbian and gay adults have been raising children for quite a long time .
But there are some differences in the makeup of families today .
Our sons were born to parents already living as lesbians and gay men when children became part of the family ; they are not the children of women or men who were once in heterosexual relationships but who are now in same - sex relationships .
Our sons are the biological offspring of one of the dads and one of the moms ; they were not adopted .
In short , our sons are part of a new demographic large enough to generate its own moniker : gaybies .
Except that , of course , they are not babies anymore .
As our older son wades into the waters of adolescence ( with all of its attendant anxiety ) , he is beginning to negotiate his culture : various social cues and norms , popular media , and the constant attention his friends pay to these measures .
He is , in short , becoming a social subject — something that happens to kids his age .
But in that process of his becoming a subject , our family becomes an issue .
Some of the daughters and sons who are “ gaybies , ” growing into adolescence , are beginning to tell the broader American public what it is like to grow up in their families .
They are becoming speaking subjects and not merely objects of psychological study or public debate or religious posturing .
On January 21 , 2010 , the New York Times reported on the ways in which children such as ours are beginning to speak out about their lives in state legislatures and courthouses .
Their views vary .
Some of these children favor full legal recognition and speak to ways in which such recognition would benefit their own families .
But some are frustrated by the amount of energy expended on this issue and worry about the ways in which legislation will narrow the spectrum of queer families they know , constraining them to mimicry of straight relationships .
In our own family , this tension is real .
The adults in our family yearn for the legal protection that same - sex marriage would offer .
And yet , our family consists of four adults .
It is a relationship , though one without a simple term to define it .
While we are not the least bit interested in securing any legal recognition akin to marriage for the relationship among the four of us , we have struggled to have that relationship recognized when we petitioned the courts for legal recognition of more than two parents in regard to our children .
While the courts in our home state of Georgia were willing to grant parental rights to two people of the same sex , they were not willing to grant parental rights to more than two people — even though all four of us are involved in raising our sons .
We consider ourselves parents , have made personal and professional decisions that have put our children ’s interest first , and are named by our children as their parents .
Sounds like a family to me .
And yet , since marriage presumes two in the context of children , this means that parenting presumes two as well .
These kinds of variations ( variations that play out not only in our family but in countless families , gay or straight ) unsettle the tidy assumptions that underlie our conceptions of normative couples and normative families .
Those prospects are playing out in various parts of the world in surprising , unpredictable ways .
For example , France offers legal recognition for lesbian and gay couples or for straight couples who prefer not to marry by means of a “ Civil Pact of Solidarity ” ( “ Pacte civil de solidarité ” or PaCS for Francophone readers ) .
Under the law that established these PaCS , lesbian and gay couples were specifically forbidden from public adoptions and from access to reproductive technologies that would allow them to become parents .
The rationale : to become a coherent , productive French citizen , a child needs the influence of a father and a mother in her or his psychological development .
Out of the Mouths of Babes
In Europe such assumptions were based in part on cultural theories derived from structural anthropology and psychoanalysis .
Neither Lévi-Strauss nor Lacan ( French structuralists invoked in these debates in France ) would likely be invoked in state legislatures or courts in the United States .
Instead , quite often the kind of rhetoric mobilized in the American context arises from religion , most often Christianity .
Such rhetoric can be quite venomous ( “ God hates fags ” ) , or it can be expressed more subtly with the kind of theological anthropology that claims full humanity is only realized in the complementarity of the male and female .
And yet , as I said above , however , it is not the only rhetoric .
The testimony of young people ( young people very much like my sons ) is also part of these debates .
In the case of my sons , their own lives speak both to gay families and life in Christian communities .
Three of their parents are seminary graduates .
One parent is ordained and a full - time minister ; I am a licensed minister and have served on the faculty of a seminary ; all of us have taken our sons to worship in Christian communities .
What would their testimony be ( either legal or religious ) in response to the kind of religious rhetoric that gets thrown around ?
I am not sure .
Maybe they would reinterpret the baptismal covenants that call us first to be children of God , and that commit an entire community ( and not merely the idealized mother and father ) to the spiritual nurture of the children in its midst .
Maybe they would reference Jesus ’ sharp reminder of how God must come before family — even a picture - perfect family of one father and one mother — if one wants to follow him .
Maybe they would bear witness to the inadequacy of a theological claim that full humanity is realized only the coupling of the man and the woman together in the simple display of their own full humanity that came to be without such coupling .
I do not know what they would say .
But as they grow up and become speaking subjects with their own voice , our sons — and countless other young men and women from other queer families — will provide such testimony in their own words .
I will be interested to hear what they have to say .
EA Closing Multiplayer Servers for 20 Games
The list of twenty affected titles features a number of relatively new titles such as August 2008 release Madden NFL 09 - - succeeded by August 2009 's Madden NFL 10 -- and November 2008 's Facebreaker , as well as some with a few more years under their belts .
" You may continue to play the games online up until these dates , " EA explains , " but certain community programs may begin to close down prior to the shutdown dates . "
The closures do not necessarily affect all platforms or territories .
For example , NBA 07 servers will continue to run for PlayStation 3 after EA shuts down the Xbox 360 and PSP's .
Meanwhile , the whole world faces an end to multiplayer NASCAR 09 on PlayStation 2 but only Europe loses the joys of racing around oval tracks on 360 and PS3 too .
This is by no means the first round of EA severs shutdowns , though with thirty - seven editions of twenty games games set to lose multiplayer it is certainly is larger than 2009's , when online support was ended for seventeen editions of eight games in April .
EA warns of servers shutdown on the back of its game boxes , though in small print and perhaps not in the clearest language .
" EA may retire online features after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com, " reads the boilerplate warning , with season - based sports games sporting addendums similar to Madden NFL 09's " ... or 30 days after the last day of the 2008 - 2009 NFL season . "
" All of us at EA would like to thank you for your valued participation in our online gaming community , " a friendly note on the announcement page reads , " and hope that your enthusiasm for these games extends to our current lineup and beyond . "
The full list of editions on the chopping block follows below .
10 . Washed Out
" Feel It All Around "
[ Mexican Summer ]
A year ago , Ernest Greene was n't singing , really .
Nine months ago , he was n't making glimmering lo -fi electronic pop as Washed Out .
Until October , you could n't buy any of his stuff in physical form .
Not long before you finally could , he would 've had no reason to ask upstart labels Mexican Summer or Mirror Universe to press more than tiny numbers of his Life of Leisure 12 " EP or High Times cassette .
Who would be interested in them ?
A lot of people , it turns out , and " Feel It All Around " is the biggest reason why .
Washed
Out 's first single does n't tell you what , exactly , you 're supposed to be " feel" ing , but that 's the idea .
Twinkling synths , amniotic vocal drone , undulating bass , and chockablock percussion all imagine a hazy innocence that 's just out of reach .
Greene 's wispily multi- tracked ache is no more clearly articulated .
Anybody truly scandalized about this track 's sampling of Gary Low 's Italo - disco jam " I Want You " would 've been just as pissed at the 1983 original for having synths .
The past is n't as sublime as you remember it .
The present always ends too soon .
-- Marc Hogan
9. Girls
" Lust for Life "
[ True Panther ]
For a band that 's inspired so much record - collector - rock referencing , it 's no shock that Girls would brazenly swipe a well - worn Iggy Pop title for the first song on their first album .
But if Iggy 's anthem was about getting fucked up , Girls ' version is about being a fuck - up -- less a celebration of excess than an appeal for basic human needs .
It 's tempting to filter frontman Christopher Owens ' lyrical pleas through the lens of his religious - cult background , transforming the seemingly throwaway requests for " a pizza and a bottle of wine " into the song 's most resonant moments and shedding light on an upbringing devoid of the most simple pleasures .
But from that bracing first line -- " I wish I had a boyfriend , " delivered by an ostensibly heterosexual singer -- it 's clear that Owens is really singing for any outcast who 's sick of feeling sorry for themselves and ready for " a brand new start . "
That eagerness is manifested in the song 's blurry - handed jangle riff , which makes Owens sound like he's in such a hurry to turn a new leaf that he does n't even take the time to fashion a proper chorus .
But just when you expect the band to kick into a second - verse rock - out , Girls respond with more playful gestures : cheeky doo - wop harmonies , tambourine shakes and handclaps -- inclusive , participatory devices that underscore the fact that " Lust for Life " is less about Owens ' life than your own .
-- Stuart Berman
8. Phoenix
" Lisztomania "
[ Glassnote / Loyauté ]
Phoenix make it look easy .
Their jeans , tones , scarves , hooks , arrangements ; it all comes together on stage and on record with minimal fuss .
But writing succinct and powerful pop that has the ability to serve grad students and Nano 'd teens is , in fact , quite difficult .
Do n't take my word for it .
Just ask singer Thomas Mars , who airs out his music - making frustrations all over " Lisztomania " .
" So sentimental / Not sentimental , no / Romantic , not disgusting yet , " he starts ( and stops ) , dragging his side - margin notes to the fore .
This is a behind - the - scenes , neurotic , Woody Allen - meets * - 8 1/2 * meta anthem that tries to get to the root of universal appeal without pandering to it .
Sure , the song 's surface sheen is meticulously catchy , but there 's a lot more here than that .
Along the way , Mars is disgusted , discouraged , misguided , distant , lonely .
" From a mess to the masses , " he wails , throwing his hands up at the prospect of converting a bunch of riffs , beats , and brainwaves into something worthy of a sold - out crowd .
And then he leads his band through something worthy of several sold - out crowds .
No sweat .
-- Ryan Dombal
7. Big Boi [ ft.
Gucci Mane ]
" Shine Blockas "
[ LaFace ]
That Big Boi's solo album still has n't seen the light of day is further proof that the record industry is irreparably broken .
" Shine Blockas " should be more than a rap blog curio .
It 's the sort of track that we should hear blaring out of every passing Civic .
The track works as a study in contrasts .
Even more than usual , OutKast 's still - rapping half raps in darting , stuttery little bursts , his flow fighting its way upstream on the beat , dropping syllables in places nobody would expect .
Gucci 's guest spot does just the opposite .
It 's a fully intuitive vocal , his hoarse , marbled monotone drifting lazily over the cascading beat like he was born rapping on it .
Cutmaster Swiff 's lush , strobing Harold Melvin sample might be fundamentally opposed to the dinky synth symphonies that Gucci generally favors , but he makes rapping over it sound like the easiest thing in the world .
Big Boi makes it sound like the most difficult , but he still sticks it .
None of these ingredients seem like they should work together , but everything piles on top of everything else , and against odds , the song turns itself into a towering anthem of self - assurance .
-- Tom Breihan
6. Yeah Yeah Yeahs
" Zero "
[ Interscope ]
Yeah Yeah Yeahs ' take on electro - pop is all harsh lighting and exposed wires , their machines powering up in fits and starts while Karen O tells you the cold truth : " You 're a zero .
What 's your name ?
No one 's gonna ask you . "
It could be a corporation or a subculture , but the rules are the same : you start as nothing and you crawl and claw your way up doing exactly what you 're told .
But when you do fight to the top your reward is the most glorious release : the crunched - up cyber - glam riffing that 's " Zero " 's own ladder to the sun .
It lets Karen O cut loose , too , the restrained creaks and tremors in her voice becoming cries and gasps as the song fills splendidly out .
In another world and a less bombed - out market it could have been their " Heart of Glass " , crossing over to an audience of people who never cared about their punky pedigree .
A shame it did n't find that public , but this is pop steely enough to need no wider validation .
-- Tom Ewing
5. Grizzly Bear
" Two Weeks "
[ Warp ]
A better name would be Teddy Bear , such is the unlikely appeal of this unassuming Brooklyn foursome .
But just how did they manage to charm the indie elite and Jay - Z and Solange and Beyoncé and your mom and scores of Twilight - addled tweens ?
It was n't by pandering -- the carefully honed Grizzly sound has progressed naturally , organically , from Ed Droste 's bedroom recording days , creeping through the quiet spaces of Yellow House and finally blossoming fully on this year 's Veckatimest .
No track better typifies the fully - formed Grizzly Bear than " Two Weeks " , but it's not the craftsmanship that 's winning people over and making them want to spin this one again and again .
It 's the intangible , of course , the sound of a band that has struck upon something timeless , inspired , holistic , and -- it bears ( ahem ) mentioning -- utterly wholesome .
Some people will hear " Two Weeks " and instantly feel better about their day , some will want to join a boys ' choir , and most will feel the urge to share this exceptional thing with those close to them .
-- Matthew Solarski
4. Bat For Lashes
" Daniel "
[ Parlophone / Astralwerks ]
With a knack for high - concept storytelling and a distinct visual aesthetic to accompany her rich , moody pop , Bat for Lashes ' Natasha Khan may be the closest thing to a video star in today 's indie realm .
Though perhaps not as iconic as her Donnie Darko - inspired clip for 2007 's " What 's a Girl to Do ? " , the video for " Daniel " , the standout from her Two Suns LP , matches the song 's hope and longing .
In it , Khan wrestles with sorrow ( in the form of faceless , black - clad dancers ) as she races toward the titular character and the track 's skyward chorus .
This struggle for salvation is central to " Daniel " 's appeal , and Bat for Lashes play masterfully with shades of light and dark to achieve the effect .
With its dark romance , soaring vocal hook , and skillful songcraft , " Daniel " does feel like a direct descendant to similar work by Kate Bush and Sinead O'Connor , though I 'm also reminded of songs like Concrete Blonde 's " Caroline " -- the kind of goth - tinged gem that , sadly , seems to have disappeared from the airwaves .
-- Joe Colly
__3 . Phoenix
" 1901 "
__[ Glassnote / Loyauté ]
In Amadeus , Antonio Salieri wonders how such beautiful music can come from a buffoon like Tom Hulce 's Mozart .
There might also be some American indie rock Salieris stewing over these French invaders Phoenix waltzing over here and perfecting their genre .
Even more than 2006's exquisite It 's Never Been Like That , the singles on Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix demonstrate with arrogant ease how disheveled indie rock tropes can be reshuffled into straight - laced pop gold .
When " 1901 " debuted on the Phoenix website with animated pink shards slashing across a black backing , it looked like the track 's error - message synthesizers were clawing a neon marquee out from underneath the sooty abyss .
And the song itself is similar restoration , layering sloppy guitar jangle into a propulsive motor and goosing the synthesizers into an air - raid crescendo until the whole mess is a glass - smooth shiny bauble .
People in indie rock circles often talk about hit singles in alternate dimensions , but Phoenix prove you do n't need quantum theory to make pop out of indie rock ingredients ... you just need to be from Versailles .
-- Rob Mitchum
2. Dirty Projectors
" Stillness Is the Move "
[ Domino ]
When avant - garde musicians try to engage with pop , they reveal a lot about themselves .
People who make difficult music sometimes act as if the kind of music that catches on broadly is a dumbed - down version of the " real thing , " or a collection of catchphrases and synth presets .
The sharpest avant - gardists , of course , realize that the real musical vanguard very often enters the culture via Hot 97 :
If a song is designed to give pleasure , a dose of shocking newness can be the element that helps demand it be played over and over .
The high point of Bitte Orca lovingly appropriates the great innovations that have descended from the top of the charts over this past decade -- the sharply defined negative space , holographic hooks , chiseled phrasing , and Olympically luxurious vocal arrangements of Amerie , Aaliyah , and Destiny 's Child .
Its lyric is partly pop readymades ( " From now until forever baby / I can't imagine anything better " ) , partly lines from Peter Handke 's " Song of Childhood " in Wim Wenders ' Wings of Desire ( " Like a child it had no habits / No opinion about anything " ) , and in the context of its spiraling melody and arrangement , they seem like they 've always belonged together .
And Amber Coffman 's lead vocal is a phenomenon : acrobatic , locked into the rhythmic demands of the song , and delivered in a way that makes her voice 's thin , conversational tone radiant .
-- Douglas Wolk
1. Animal Collective
" My Girls "
[ Domino ]
" My Girls " , the catchy , gloriously harmonized highlight of Merriweather Post Pavilion , is all heart -- arguably the most earnest expression of basic human want recorded in 2009 .
Panda Bear 's promise to provide a proper house for his wife and young daughter , in the wake of his father 's death -- " But to provide for mine who ask , I will , with heart , on my father 's grave , " he pledges -- yielded a blissful , near - ecstatic song that practically requires participation , be it hollering along ( try to keep yourself from yelling a synchronized " ooooh ! " after the chorus ) or shimmying in your subway seat .
Panda Bear and Avey Tare 's harmonies here are warmer ( and groovier ) than most anywhere else in the band 's catalogue , and the electronics are gentle and buoyant ; in some ways , " My Girls " feels like a life preserver for people tottering on the precipice of adulthood .
Panda
Bear might be apologetic about his craving ( " I do n't mean to seem like I care about material things , " he hedges ) , but " My Girls " is ultimately a celebration of the simplification -- of desire , of priorities -- that comes with growing up .
-- Amanda Petrusich
The brutal slaying of almost 60 unarmed civilians , including women , children and journalists in Mindanao , Southern Philippines in the last week of November , is a stark reminder that violence is endemic to this troubled region and that Islamic extremism is n’t the only cause .
In a planned operation , the victims were systematically executed by one clan ’s henchman bent on sending a message to a rival clan competing against it in local elections .
Sadly , while the scale of the brutality may have been unprecedented , the killings were not unpredictable .
Despite the country ’s vibrant democratic system , across the Philippines most provincial political leaders employ licensed armed individuals for protection and in some cases intimidation of their rivals .
It ’s said that to win an election in the Philippines , one needs the three ‘ G ’s : guns , goons and gold .
In Mindanao , h ...
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Parts of the Pakistani military and intelligence services are mounting what American officials here describe as a campaign to harass American diplomats , fraying relations at a critical moment when the Obama administration is demanding more help to fight the Taliban and Al Qaeda .
The campaign includes the refusal to extend or approve visas for more than 100 American officials and the frequent searches of American diplomatic vehicles in major cities , said an American official briefed on the cases .
The problems affected military attachés , C.I.A. officers , development experts , junior level diplomats and others , a senior American diplomat said .
As a result , some American aid programs to Pakistan , which President Obama has called a critical ally , are “ grinding to a halt , ” the diplomat said .
American helicopters used by Pakistan to fight militants can no longer be serviced because visas for 14 American mechanics have not been approved , the diplomat said .
Reimbursements to Pakistan of nearly $ 1 billion a year for counterterrorism have been suspended because the last of the American Embassy ’s five accountants left the country this week after his visa expired .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Human rights in the Arab world have deteriorated over the last year as governments flaunt progress on women 's issues while evading and actively blocking broader reforms that guarantee dignity for all , says a report .
Beyond issues facing individual countries , the Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies blames Arab governments and member states of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference for working in concert within UN institutions to undermine international mechanisms and standards for the protection of human rights .
The CIRHS is an independent body whose work is respected by western - based human rights groups such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch .
Its report , entitled Bastion of Impunity , Mirage of Reform , attacks the Arab League for supporting the Sudanese regime , which is criticised for " blatant contempt for justice , impunity and a lack of accountability , and President Omar al - Bashir , who refuses to appear before the nternational criminal court in connection with war crimes in Darfur .
It further accuses the 21 - member league of using the principle of national sovereignty as a pretext to remain silent about or collaborate on grave human rights violations in several Arab states .
It says that while only limited progress has been made in gender equality , Arab governments use this " to burnish their image before the international community while simultaneously evading democratic and human rights reform measures required … for all of their citizens " .
The report highlights " grave and ongoing " Israeli violations of Palestinian rights , especially in the Gaza Strip , in a year which witnessed the continuing blockade of the territory and an Israeli offensive which led to 1,400 deaths , 83 % of them civilians .
Strikingly , it also accuses rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas of " grave abuses " against their opponents , including arbitrary detention , lethal torture , and extrajudicial killings .
Elsewhere in the region , it expresses concern about the possible collapse of the Yemeni state in the context of war in the northern province of Saa'da , a bloody crackdown in the south and social and political unrest throughout the poorest country in the Arab world .
Iraq has witnessed " a relative improvement " in some areas , though these gains remain " fragile " , the report says .
The Cairo - based organisation has harsh words for Egypt 's record in 2009 : emergency laws in force for nearly 30 years were applied to repress freedom of expression , including detaining or abducting bloggers .
Egypt 's " police state is increasingly acquiring … theocratic features which have reduced some religious freedoms and have led to an unprecedented expansion of sectarian violence " .
In Tunisia , " the authoritarian police state continued … unrestrained attacks on political activists , journalists , human rights defenders , trade unionists , and others involved in social protest . "
Constitutional amendments disqualified any serious contenders from blocking a fifth term for President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in October 's presidential election .
Morocco's " relatively improved status " was undermined by intolerance of freedom of expression , particularly concerning the king or the royal family , or institutional corruption .
Protests against the status of the Moroccan - administered Western Sahara were repressed and Sahrawi activists were referred to a military tribunal for the first time in 14 years .
Syria continued to " destroy all manner of political opposition , even the most limited manifestations of independent expression , " said the CIRHS .
The Kurdish minority was kept in check by institutionalised discrimination , and human rights defenders were repeatedly targeted .
Syrian prisons hold dozens of prisoners of conscience and democracy advocates .
In Saudi Arabia , the report notes that calls by King Abdullah for religious tolerance and interfaith dialogue have not been heeded inside the kingdom , where the religious police restrict personal freedoms .
Repression of religious freedoms is endemic and the Shia minority faces systematic discrimination .
" Counterterrorism policies were used to justify long - term arbitrary detention and political activists advocating reform were tortured .
These policies also undermined judicial standards , as witnessed by the prosecution of hundreds of people in semi- secret trials over the last year . "
The report also accuses Arab governments of supporting attempts to legalise international restrictions on freedom of expression through the pretext of prohibiting " defamation of religions " .
Maricopa County Attorney Andrew Peyton Thomas has emerged as Sheriff Joe Arpaio's book - learnin ' alter - ego , working with Arpaio to criminally investigate , indict , and otherwise legally intimidate anyone who dares to question the fearless lawman ( as well as , now , anyone who dares to question Thomas ) .
Thomas has gone after members of the Maricopa county council , journalists , even judges .
Last month , after two prosecutors in neighboring counties publicly criticized Thomas and Arpaio 's surreal , bumbling attempt at tyranny , Thomas threatened to criminally investigate them , too , calling their comments part of " an orchestrated campaign to pressure law enforcement in Maricopa County to drop charges against influential criminal defendants and suspects . "
As it turns out , before running for county attorney , Thomas was an author and pundit , penning clenched - fist screeds on a variety of hot - button culture war squabbles for the usual roster of conservative outlets , including National Review , AEI , the Weekly Standard , and The Wall Street Journal .
My favorite : Thomas once called parents who put their children in daycare " more respectable , less violent versions of Susan Smith . "
Smith , you may remember , was the woman who drowned her two sons in a lake in North South Carolina in 1995 . . . then told everyone a black guy did it .
Thomas has also written a couple books , one of which lays out his plan for restoring order to lawless America .
Among Thomas 's ideas : conscripted snitches .
Per the Phoenix New Times :
" All able - bodied men without a criminal record should once again be subject to obligatory service for community crime surveillance . "
Those men , he said , should patrol neighborhoods , armed with walkie - talkies .
" Their sole duty would be to inform police of crimes in progress , " he went on .
" Women should not be subject to such conscription for the same reasons that they have traditionally been spared combat duty . "
Then came the kicker : " Properly strong criminal penalties would deter those who might be tempted to dodge this draft [ to patrol the neighborhoods ] by committing a crime and acquiring a criminal record . "
But Thomas saves the brunt of his ire for . . . well . . . you , Reason readers .
Back in 1997 , legal guru Walter Olson wrote a piece for Reason dissecting a particularly smirk - inducing article Thomas published in the Weekly Standard in which Thomas explained why libertarianism keeps him up in a cold sweat at night .
Here 's Olson :
The root cause of everything from street muggings and gang delinquency to rudeness at traffic lights to excessive lawsuit filing has finally been found , and it 's …libertarianism .
At least that 's the view of Andrew Peyton Thomas , an attorney with the state of Arizona and a frequent contributor to conservative magazines .
Writing in the August 26 , 1996 , Weekly Standard , Mr. Thomas referred to the above woes as " the libertarian - created problems of Southern California and elsewhere . "
Readers who had n't known that libertarians got to run things in Los Angeles may rub their eyes , but Mr. Thomas is n't kidding one bit .
He blames crime , rudeness , and litigiousness on the " live - and - let - live urban lifestyle " as spawned by " the moral laissez - faire disorder of libertarianism . "
Mr. Thomas , author of Crime and the Roots of Order , has made a momentous discovery : " The root of our crime problem , " as he informed Standard readers on March 17 of this year , " is a rights - happy radical individualism . "
Thomas is right .
God help us if libertarians ever get any power in this country .
Imagine , for example , the irreparable damage to the rule of law if a libertarian were ever elected Maricopa County prosecutor .
Thanks to safety rules and cost cutting F1 is far from being the unfettered pursuit of raw speed it used to be .
But it never fails to impress me how cunning designers keep coming up with ways to wriggle free from the constraints of the rule book and build F1 cars which are just a little bit quicker than the governing body wants them to be .
There are some significant changes to the F1 rules this year , but not as drastic as those we saw in 2009 .
So how much more speed can the designers conjure out of the cars – and how will it affect race strategy ?
How 2010 rules changes will affect lap times
Last year ’s rules changes were mainly intended to allow the cars to follow each other more closely but they also had the effect of slowing the cars down , or at least keeping them roughly at their 2008 level of performance .
This year the aerodynamic rules are largely unchanged apart from minor details such as the banning of the wheel ‘ spinners ’ .
More significant is the reduced width of the front wheels explained in the diagram ( right ) .
Front tyres will be 245 mm wide in 2010 , 25 mm less than last year .
The cars will lose almost 10 % of their front tyre contact patch which will obviously cut their cornering speeds .
It ’s down to the designers to claw back that lost time – and more – by refining the cars ’ aerodynamics and weight distribution as best they can .
It ’ll get harder for them in 2011 if the mooted ban on double - diffusers comes to pass .
I suspect we will ultimately see the 2010 F1 cars lapping quicker than their predecessors on a single low - fuel qualifying run .
But the banning of refuelling will make it a very different story when it comes to race lap times .
Race lap times
With drivers no longer allowed to refuel during the race , cars will have much larger fuel tanks .
This will have one obvious effect – as well as others that might not be immediately apparent .
Cars will now be much slower at the start of races than at the end of them .
In the example above from last year , Lewis Hamilton began his 24 - lap middle stint in the Hungarian Grand Prix lapping two seconds per lap slower than at the end of it .
Multiply that across a full race distance and we could see lap times differing by six seconds , though this will vary with different circuits and conditions .
It will also have an interested effect on strategy .
Previously after a car pitted the driver would leave the pits with more fuel on board and lap more slowly than he had immediately before his stop .
Now , as the drivers ’ fuel load will not increase during a pit stop , they will be faster immediately after it , thanks to their fresher tyres .
This may tempt a driver who is stuck behind a rival into pitting early in an attempt to get ahead .
But they could run into trouble later in the race when their tyres are more worn than their competitors ’ are .
Stint lengths are likely to change too .
Instead of splitting the race up into roughly equal portions , as in the example above , tyres will now suffer greater punishment at the beginning of a race compared to the end .
Using rough numbers we can see that if a car carries 200 kg of fuel to last a 60 - lap Grand Prix its average weight over the first half of the race will be 151 kg compared to 51kg for the second half .
Drivers are still required to use each of Bridgestone ’s two compounds at least once per race .
In our example , they could start the race on the harder tyre then switch to the softer .
But the exact moment when they should change is no longer dictated by how much fuel ’s in the tank – it ’s down to the driver to decide if and when he needs new tyres .
Faster laps , slower races ?
The upshot of all this is that even though we may well see faster individual laps in 2010 compared to 2009 , race distances will take longer to complete .
If we get a safety car period at Singapore – as we have the last two years – we might not even see the race distance completed within the two hour time limit .
We ’ll get out first impression of how quick the 2010 F1 cars are when testing begins at Valencia on February 1st .
Here ’s a reminder of what the quickest times were last year in testing at the three tracks where the teams are returning this year :
Jerez – 1 ’17.494 ( Kazuki Nakajima , Williams - Toyota )
Circuit de Catalunya – 1’18.926 ( Rubens Barrichello , Brawn
Valencia –
No group test in 2009
2010 F1 cars
Image ( C ) Red Bull / Getty images
Citizen Eco-Drive Moon Phase Watches
The Citizen Watches Eco -Drive Moon Phase Watch comes with a moon phase indicator , and rightly so since the watch has been inspired by the ethereal beauty of the moon .
What makes these watches different from the other moon phase watches is the fact that they are powered by the Eco - Drive technology .
Â
No need to get power from batteries because with the Citizen Watches Eco - Drive Moon Phase Watch , you only need solar power to keep your watch functioning .
Â Citizen moon phase eco drive watches feature an indicator for low charge .
They have a case with a screw back , and a mineral crystal / sapphire crystal that is both non reflective and scratch resistant .
GETTING BY WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM RIGHT - WING FRIENDS … .
Massachusetts is obviously right smack in the middle of the political world this weekend , with Bay State voters poised to decide on Tuesday whether legislating will be possible for the foreseeable future .
To help Republican Scott Brown secure a victory , some pretty unsavory characters are investing considerable resources in his campaign .
Mike Madden reported this week , for example , that Brown has received the backing of far - right anti-immigration and anti-gay organizations .
As Madden noted , “ [ S ] upport from fringe groups does underscore the point national Democrats and labor groups have been trying to make about Brown over the last week , as they leap to rescue Coakley ’s campaign : he ’s far too conservative for Massachusetts voters . ”
Lee Fang added yesterday that it ’s not just far - right culture warriors rallying behind Brown ’s candidacy — the corporate / lobbyist wing of the conservative movement sees Brown as someone who ’ll stand in the way of accountability for Wall Street , especially after he announced his opposition to a financial crisis responsibility fee on large banks .
Brown ’s defense of the financial industry has not been ignored by Wall Street .
Wall Street ’s two largest political enforcers are also out fighting to elect him : * The Wall Street front group FreedomWorks is mobilizing get out the vote efforts for Brown this weekend .
FreedomWorks organized the very first tea party protests , and has used its extensive staff and resources to mobilize rallies and advocacy campaigns on behalf of corporate interests .
Dick Armey , who as a corporate lobbyist represented AIG , Lehman Brothers , and Merrill Lynch during the bailouit , is the leader of FreedomWorks .
FreedomWorks is also funded and chaired by Steve Forbes and Frank Sands of Sands Capital Management .
*
The Wall Street front group Club for Growth is strongly “ boosting ” Brown and is expected to run ads in support for him .
According to recent disclosures , the Club for Growth is funded by a $ 1.4 million dollar donation from investor Stephen Jacksons of Stephens Groups Inc , a $ 1.4 million dollar donation from broker Richard Gilder , and $ 210,000 - $ 630,000 donations from at least 10 other investors and financial industry professionals .
The Club is also supporting a slate of candidates to repeal health reform , while its other endorsed candidates have opposed a financial truth commission .
I ’m not in Massachusetts and have no idea if voters are aware of who ’s helping Brown and why , but it seems like the kind of details that might have an effect on the outcome .
Bono , in a New York Times top - ten essay filled with of Brilliant Ideas That Will Fix The World If Only They 'd Listen To Moi , says " Intellectual Property Developers " are doomed because of filesharing .
Snip :
But we know from America 's noble effort to stop child pornography , not to mention China 's ignoble effort to suppress online dissent , that it 's perfectly possible to track content .
Perhaps movie moguls will succeed where musicians and their moguls have failed so far , and rally America to defend the most creative economy in the world , where music , film , TV and video games help to account for nearly 4 percent of gross domestic product . "
Ah yes , the " noble effort to stop child pornography , " always good to lead with that one when you 're proposing draconian net - trawling tactics .
After all , those efforts did stop child pornography , right ?
And surely what 's good for squashing China 's dissidents is good for the world !
Cory 's on holiday , but you can bet he had some pithy goodness to tweet , after the jump .
Bono : Ten for the Next Ten ( New York Times )
About 1.5 million strollers sold at major retailers including Wal - Mart , Toys R Us and Target are being recalled after several children had their fingertips amputated , the Consumer Product Safety Commission announced today .
The strollers , manufactured by Graco Children ’s Products Inc. and made in China , feature hinges on the canopy that can pose an amputation and laceration hazard when being opened or closed .
Graco said it received reports that five children have had their fingertips amputated and two had fingertip lacerations .
“ Amputations of children ’s fingers is a very serious hazard and it ’s one that we hope will motivate parents to respond right away to the recall , ” safety commission spokesman Scott Wolfson said .
Consumers should immediately stop using the strollers and contact Graco to receive a free protective cover repair kit , he said .
For additional information , contact Graco at ( 800 ) 345-4109 or visit the company 's website .
To read the safety commission 's recall notice , click here .
-- Andrea Chang
President Barack Obama made history when he appointed Amanda Simpson , one of the nation 's first transgender executive - level appointees , to a position with the U.S. Commerce Department .
But rather than celebrate the history behind this , the Late Show with David Letterman turned the appointment into an opportunity for transphobic " humor . "
To them , Simpson 's appointment was a chance to say that transgender people are sick .
Funny ?
Hardly .
Transphobic ?
Absolutely .
Send a message to the producers at the Late Show letting them know that transphobia is n't funny .
Amanda Simpson is well - qualified , distinguished in her field , and will prove an asset to the U.S. Commerce Department .
For the Late Show to make a joke about how " sick " she is because she 's transgender is offensive , rude , and fosters the types of discrimination and violence that affect the trans population at large .
Post to : Digg , Reddit
The MPAA is pressuring the FCC for the authority to cripple recording devices using so - called " Selectable Output Control " ( SOC ) .
Basically , SOC would enable Hollywood to actually shut off the video outputs on your cable box , DVR , or other recording device when particular movies or shows come on .
When the movie 's over , the outputs might turn back on .
Your devices would dance to Hollywood 's tune .
Most cable boxes and DVRs already include Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) and operate using proprietary software -- both of which we need to work to eliminate .
But just because many of these devices already use DRM , that does n't mean we should let Hollywood and the FCC keep adding more .
This new form of control would take even more freedom away from people using those devices , would restrict people using free software like MythTV to watch broadcasts and record them , and would set a dangerous precedent elevating Hollywood 's desires over the public 's freedom .
We 're not talking about an imaginary threat here .
Hollywood has already tried this sort of nonsense with the Broadcast Flag -- which the FCC rejected .
Who gets to decide which outputs you can use on your home entertainment gear -- the movie studios or you ?
File a comment with the FCC and tell them to keep Hollywood ’s restrictions out of your living room .
Please file a comment with the FCC .
Before you follow the link , you may want to select and copy this sample text :
Hepatitis B and C remain serious threats to public health , but many healthcare providers fail to screen at - risk patients and do n’t know how to treat those infected with the viral diseases that can cause liver failure and cancer , according to a report released today by the National Academy of Sciences
The long - awaited assessment calls for a campaign to educate the public , doctors and lawmakers about the diseases , an approach similar to HIV / AIDS outreach that has made that issue prominent in people ’s minds .
Researchers found that even though chronic viral hepatitis infections are three to five times more frequent than HIV in the United States , many doctors and nurses do not understand the extent and seriousness of the problem .
Most of the estimated 3 million to 5 million people with chronic hepatitis B and C do n’t know they have the diseases .
Infected people can show no signs of illness for years , and by the time they start to show symptoms , they may have already developed scarring of the liver or liver cancer and can be close to death .
“ The challenge we have with hepatitis B and C is similar to our HIV stories .
...
We really do n’t know they are infected until they end up sick and in the hospital , ” said Dr. Gail Bolan , chief of the sexually transmitted diseases control branch of the California Department of Public Health .
“ It ’s been a silent epidemic . ”
The 176 - page report requested by federal health officials was released by the Institute of Medicine , the health arm of the National Academy of Sciences .
Although an estimated 1 % to 2 % of the U.S. population has chronic hepatitis B and C , researchers found that awareness of the diseases remains low .
Each year lack of awareness contributes to about 1,000 infants contracting Hepatitis B from their mothers during childbirth .
Although preventative steps can significantly reduce the likelihood of chronic infection in babies , the number of new infections has not declined in a decade .
“ Although hepatitis B and C are preventable , the rates of infection have not declined over the past several years , ” R. Palmer Beasley , an epidemiologist at the University of Texas School of Public Health in Houston said in a statement .
“ We have allowed gaps in screening , prevention and treatment to go unchecked . ”
The report calls for those most at risk to be screened .
Black adults have the highest rate of acute hepatitis B infection in the United States .
And although Asian Americans make up less than 5 % of the U.S. population , they account for more than half of chronic hepatitis B cases nationwide , the institute said .
California health officials said 10 % of Asian Americans have hepatitis B .
Those at greatest risk for hepatitis B include those born in East and Southeast Asia , sub -Saharan Africa , babies born to infected mothers and those who have had sex with or shared needles or syringes with an infected person .
Hepatitis C is usually spread through blood contact , and those at risk are injection drug users and anyone who received a blood transfusion or organ transplant before 1992 .
There is a vaccine for hepatitis B , but none for hepatitis C .
Bolan , whose department today released a separate report on hepatitis in California , cautioned that baby boomers are at higher risk for hepatitis C if they injected a drug even one time .
As that demographic ages , she said , symptoms of the disease , which include fatigue , jaundice , vomiting and abdominal pain , may begin to appear .
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , viral hepatitis is the leading cause of liver cancer and the most common reason for liver transplants .
California health officials said that hospitalizations related to hepatitis B and C in California cost $ 2 billion in 2007 .-- Rong -Gong Lin II
Barcelona president Joan Laporta wants the club 's future to include Pep Guardiola as manager .
Speculation suggests Spaniard is waiting to discover Laporta successor
Very important
Barcelona president Joan Laporta wants the club 's future to include Pep Guardiola as manager .
The 38 - year - old has proved a huge success in management after guiding the Catalans to a historic La Liga , UEFA Champions League and Copa del Rey Treble in his debut season .
Success balanced against the aesthetic and clinical style favoured by Guardiola has only served to increase the praise of the former Barcelona player and would make him an extremely popular choice at any other club .
Laporta , therefore , is eager to secure the ex-Spain international to a new deal before his current agreement expires at the end of this season .
" It is very important that he takes his time and that he is completely convinced of having made the right choice , " Laporta told .
" I want to imagine the future of Barcelona with Guardiola . "
Guardiola has remained silent on what he wants to do and speculation has suggested that he is waiting to discover the identity of a successor to Laporta , whose presidency expires in 2010 .
But Laporta said the extension of Guardiola 's contract , " will not depend on who will be the new president of Barca . "
Barcelona have also won the Spanish Supercup , European Supercup and Club World Cup during Guardiola 's tenure .
A journalist has died after being beaten in police custody , the latest in a string of scandals involving violence and corruption among Russian law - enforcement officers .
The 47 - year - old victim was hospitalized on January 4 with severe injuries to internal organs after being beaten by an officer in a police holding cell for drunks in the Siberian city of Tomsk , the federal Investigative Committee said .
He died without emerging from a coma , the committee said .
State - run RIA and other Russian news agencies said the victim was a journalist , and Ekho Moskvy radio identified him as Konstantin Popov .
The holding cell employee , Alexei Mitayev , has been charged with aggravated assault and abuse of authority .
Attacks on Russian journalists who challenge the authorities or seek to expose corruption are frequent , but there was no immediate indication that the victim 's work was a motive .
Mitayev , 26 , admitted to the beating and cited stress , Russian media reported .
The reports said he has been dismissed .
Recent outbursts of police violence have added to widely negative perception of law enforcement officers in Russia , fuelled by mounting evidence of corruption .
In recent months , several police officers have publicly alleged corruption among their superiors and colleagues .
Last month , President Dmitry Medvedev said police misconduct was sparking public anger and undermining the state 's authority .
He called for serious reform and ordered the 1.4 million - strong Interior Ministry staff cut by 20 per cent by 2012 .
- Reuters
Ginge es nach dem Willen der Abmahnindustrie , würden legale Downloads urheberrechtlich geschützter Werke bald der Vergangenheit angehören .
" Turn Piracy into Profit " ist ein mittlerweile oft gehörter Slogan geworden .
Es ist nämlich wesentlich lukrativer , die Werke in Tauschbörsen zu veröffentlichen und zu warten , bis sie weiterverbreitet werden .
Für die daraus resultierenden Abmahnungen gegenüber den Tauschbörsennutzern wurden Geschäftsmodelle entwickelt , die sich am äußersten Rand der Gesetzgebung bewegen .
So kann die Abmahnindustrie nahezu risikofrei und mit geringem Aufwand große Mengen Geld erwirtschaften .
Auch die Rechteinhaber kommen dabei auf ihre Kosten .
Die Piratenpartei hat einen Artikel im Internet veröffentlicht , in dem es um die Praktiken diverser Kanzleien geht , die als „ Massenabmahner ” aktiv sind .
In jüngster Zeit wird hierzu vermehrt Kritik laut .
Der Vorwurf : Die Kanzleien , bzw .
die Rechteinhaber benutzen die Abmahnungen nicht zur legitimen Rechtsverteidigung , sondern um Geld zu verdienen .
Der Piratenpartei -Artikel schlägt in die selbe Kerbe : Der Artikel ist nicht nur in dem zitierten Teil , sondern auch im weiteren Verlauf presserechtlich extrem heikel .
Wir sind uns absolut bewusst , wozu dieser Artikel führen kann .
Das war einer der Gründe , ihn genau so zu schreiben .
Das traut sich ja leider sonst fast niemand .
Auf meine Frage hin , ob der Piratenpartei das Haftungsrisiko bewusst ist , antwortete der Autor : Die Piratenpartei verfolgt mit dem Artikel offenbar also mehrere Ziele : Zum einen , über Missstände im Abmahngeschäft aufzuklären , bzw .
sich als Interessenvertreter der „ Netzgeneration ” zu profilieren .
Zum anderen , es auf einen Prozess zumindest ankommen zu lassen - vielleicht sogar , es darauf anzulegen .
Und in der Tat : Das ist keine ganz schlechte Taktik .
Denn das deutsche Presserecht erlaubt ( mit wenigen Ausnahmen ) fast jede Tatsachenbehauptung , so lange sie nur wahr ist .
Sollte die Piratenpartei also rechtlich angegriffen werden , so kann sich mit dem Argument verteidigen , die angegriffenen Äußerungen entsprächen jeweils der Wahrheit .
Im Prozess kann sie dann genau die Fragen zum Gegenstand der Beweisaufnahme machen , auf die es ihr ankommt :
Waren die angegriffenen Kanzleien im missbräuchlichen Abmahnungsgeschäft aktiv ?
Wer verdient Geld mit den Abmahnungen , und wie viel ?
Ein Prozess eignet sich in vielerlei Hinsicht gut , um solche Fragen aufzuklären .
Im Prozess gilt die prozessuale Wahrheitspflicht ( § 138 ZPO ) , es darf also niemand lügen .
Und es gilt der Öffentlichkeitsgrundsatz ( § 169 GVG ) , es darf also jeder mithören - auch Pressevertreter .
Unter diesen Umständen dürfte für die Kläger schwer werden , irgendetwas unter dem Deckel zu halten .
Andererseits gäbe es auch prozessuale Schwierigkeiten für die Piratenpartei .
Denn nach dem im deutschen Zivilprozess geltenden Beweisrecht muss die Piratenpartei die Tatsachen , über die sie Beweis erheben lassen will , konkret und detailliert benennen .
Ein einfaches „ Kanzlei XY handelt rechtsmissbräuchlich ” reicht dazu nicht aus .
Ein solcher Beweisantrag wäre ein unzulässiger „ Ausforschungsbeweis ” , denn er dient erst dazu , die Tatsachen zu ermitteln , die den eigenen Antrag stützen .
Zulässig wäre es allerdings m.E. , die Echtheit bestimmter , angeblich inkriminierender Dokumente zum Gegenstand der Beweisaufnahme zu machen , die z.B. auf Wikileaks aufgetaucht sind .
Sollte eine Abmahnkanzlei im Prozess behaupten , das , was in diesen Dokumenten stehe , entspreche nicht der Wahrheit , dann könnte man sie wohl zur Offenlegung zwingen - und das wäre dann möglicherweise das Ende des „ Geschäftsmodells Abmahnung ” .
Man darf also gespannt sein , wie es mit dem Artikel weitergeht .
Das Vorgehen der Piratenpartei ist riskant .
Aber für beide Seiten .
Hinweis : Aus Gründen der Verbreiterhaftung weisen wir an dieser Stelle ausdrücklich darauf hin , dass wir den Wahrheitsgehalt der verlinkten Artikel nicht überprüfen können .
Wir machen uns die verlinkten Inhalte nicht zu eigen .
It 's everyone 's last day on earth .
No need to keep those secret desires a secret any more .
We asked you to give us a glimpse into the unholy bedlahm that would ensue on the one day when nobody gives a shit what you think of them .
The winner is below , but first the runners up ...
Advertisement
17 Entry by FoxtrottYankee
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A woman from Greater Manchester with a cyst which grew to the size of two newborn babies was told she had Irritable Bowel Syndrome ( IBS ) .
Janet Delaney 's stomach was so swollen that people would ask her if she was pregnant and when her baby was due .
Despite three visits to Wythenshawe Hospital casualty unit the cyst , which eventually reached 17lb ( 7.7kg ) , went undiagnosed .
The hospital said it would be " happy to meet her to review her case " .
Laura Yates reports .
In the theory of externalities — that is , costs imposed involuntarily on others — there have been exactly two great ideas .
The first , forever associated with the name of Arthur Cecil Pigou ( writing about 1920 ) is that things tend to go badly when people can escape the costs of their own behavior .
Factories pollute too much because someone other than the factory owner has to breathe the polluted air .
Nineteenth century trains threw off sparks that tended to ignite the crops on neighboring farms , and the railroads ran too many of those trains because the crops belonged to someone else .
Farmers keep too many unfenced rabbits when they do n’t care about the lettuce farmer next door .
Pigou ’s solution — and it ’s often a good one — is to make sure that people do feel the costs of their actions , via taxes , fines , or liability rules that allow the victims to sue for damages .
Do a dollar ’s worth of damage , and you ’re charged a dollar .
Pigou endorsed this policy not because it seems fair , though it does seem fair to many , but because it yields , under what he believed to be very general conditions , the optimal amounts of damage .
We do n’t want too much pollution , but we do n’t want too little , either , given that pollution is a necessary by - product of a lot of stuff we enjoy .
Pigou offered a proof — now standard fare in all the textbooks — that his policies lead to the perfect compromises , in a sense that can be made precise .
The second great idea about externalities sprang full - blown from the mind of a law professor and subsequent Nobel prize winner named Ronald Coase , who stunned the profession in 1960 by pointing out that Pigou ’s argument runs both ways .
If you breathe the pollution from my factory , I ’m imposing a cost on you — but at the same time , you ’re imposing a cost on me .
After all , if you lived somewhere else , you would n’t be complaining about the smoke and I would n’t be getting punished for it .
This insight — so simple once stated , but thoroughly astonishing to the economists of 1960 ( I ’ve heard tales of this astonishment from several of the participants in Coase ’s historic seminar ) — means that in a case of externalities , pure theory can never tell you who should bear the costs ; you ’ve got to look at the specifics of the case .
Take those spark - throwing railroad trains .
Pigou says :
There are too many fires because the railroads do n’t care ; let ’s make them reimburse the farmers for all the crop destruction , and then they ’ll care .
Coase says : Wait a minute .
Often , farmers can prevent fires at very low cost by not planting quite so close to the tracks .
True , the railroads do n’t currently care about the crop damage .
But if you reimburse the farmers , then the farmers wo n’t care , and you ’ll get too many crops planted too close to the tracks .
The best way to prevent fires might ( or might not ) be to grant the railroads complete legal immunity .
And as for that rabbit farmer — the one who lives next to the lettuce farmer and lets his rabbits run wild — Pigou would have insisted that the rabbit farmer cover the damages .
Coase is more evenhanded .
There are a lot of ways for the rabbit farmer to solve this problem :
Put the rabbits in cages , or file their teeth down , or raise a different breed of rabbit , or move away , or switch to keeping geckos .
There are also a lot of ways for the lettuce farmer to solve this problem :
Fence the lettuce , or spray it with rabbit repellent , or move away , or switch to growing barley .
If the rabbit farmer is immune from lawsuits , he ’ll have no incentive to implement his solutions .
But if the lettuce farmer is routinely reimbursed for lost lettuce , then he ’ll have no incentive to implement his solutions .
Which outcome is worse ?
That depends on whose solutions are better .
Pure theory can’t answer that question .
How did Pigou — and every other economist in the world — manage to miss this point until Coase came along ?
According to Coase , it ’s because they were obsessed with the faulty notion of “ fault ” — the idea that if there ’s a problem , it must be someone ’s fault , and we should begin by identifying that someone .
But in the rabbit / lettuce example , who ’s really at fault ?
It ’s true that if there were no rabbits , the lettuce would n’t get eaten .
But it ’s equally true that if there were no lettuce the lettuce would n’t get eaten .
The problem is that rabbit farmers should not be next to lettuce farmers , and when you put it that way , you ’re forced to recognize the fundamental symmetry of the situtation .
What , then , should courts and legislators do ?
Coase had a lot to say about this also , beginning with the observation that it ’s sometimes a really really good idea to encourage antagonists to talk to each other .
From this beginning sprang the entire intellectual framework usually called Law and Economics .
Coase ’s Nobel Prize winning paper is surely one of the landmark papers of 20th century economics .
It ’s also entirely non-technical ( which is fine ) , and ( in my opinion ) ridiculously verbose ( which is annoying ) .
It ’s littered with numerical examples intended to illustrate several different but related points , but the points and the examples are so jumbled together that it ’s often difficult to tell what point is being illustrated .
I frequently assign my students the task of distilling all of the main ideas into two or three pages , and they frequently succeed .
But pioneering work is rarely presented cleanly , and Coase is a true pioneer .
Today is his 99th birthday , and a day to celebrate .
BRISTOL , England , Dec. 9 ( UPI ) --
Two British women attempting a world record by rowing across the Atlantic say they hope to shave a few days off the trip by completing the feat naked .
Mel King , 37 and Annie Januszewski , 40 , of Bristol , England , said they are hoping to row 3,000 miles from Gomera in the Canary Islands to Antigua in the West Indies in only 70 days , to beat the previous 75 - day record for a two - woman team , The Sun reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
The women , who planned to start the voyage Wednesday if the weather is favorable , said they originally planned to row for 15 hours a day in their bras and underwear , but decided to strip down completely to reduce chaffing from friction with clothing .
" I 've just turned 40 but I 'd like to get it straight that I 'm not going through a midlife crisis , " Januszewski said .
" Hopefully being nude will allow us to shave days off our time . "
( AP ) -- Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday announced the first $ 182 million in federal stimulus money for 18 projects to expand high - speed Internet networks in rural areas and other underserved communities .
Biden spoke at Impulse Manufacturing , a technologically advanced metalworks plant in north Georgia whose business has been held back by the lack of a broadband network in its part of the state .
The projects are the first part of a $ 7.2 billion plan to bring high - speed Internet connections to rural areas , poor neighborhoods and Native American communities .
Besides Georgia , other projects in the first set will be in Maine , New Hampshire , Ohio , Arizona and Alaska .
Joined by Gov. Sonny Perdue , Biden told a crowd of workers , business leaders and lawmakers that creating the networks could help smaller businesses compete globally .
" We 're forming the tools that will fashion the work of the 21st century , " Biden said .
" We are laying the foundation for the economy of tomorrow . "
The administration plans to award a total of $ 2 billion in grants and loans on a rolling basis over the next 75 days as it starts doling out the first round of stimulus funding for broadband , which Biden said could be used to help struggling rural areas like Dawsonville with distance learning , telemedicine and real - time pricing for farmers .
He also tied broadband to the future success of the country 's manufacturing industry and middle class .
" We were losing ground for the past 25 years in manufacturing , " Biden said .
" We do n't want an economy built on another bubble .
We want to do what our grandparents did ... and build on a solid foundation . "
The Department of Agriculture also announced $ 53.8 million in funding for eight projects on Thursday , and the Commerce Department announced $ 129 million in funding for 10 projects .
Those projects together also will put up another $ 46 million in matching dollars .
The money is being targeted for " last - mile " connections that link homes , businesses and other end users to the Internet ; " middle - mile " connections that link communities to the Internet backbone ; computing centers in libraries , colleges and other public facilities ; and adoption programs that teach people how to use the Internet and encourage them to sign up for broadband services .
The awards announced Thursday include :
- A $ 33.5 million grant to the North Georgia Network Cooperative for a fiber - optic ring that will bring high - speed Internet connections to the northern Georgia foothills of the Appalachian Mountains .
The project will serve an eight - county area with a population of 334,000 .
- A $ 25.4 million grant to the Biddleford Internet Corp. , a partnership between the University of Maine and service providers , to build three fiber - optic rings across rural Maine .
The network will pass through more than 100 communities with 110,000 households and will connect 10 University of Maine campuses .
- A combined grant / loan of $ 2.4 million to the Consolidated Electric Cooperative in north central Ohio to build a 166 - mile fiber network that will be used , among other things , to connect 16 electrical substations to support a smart grid project .
Other projects receiving funds include a 4G wireless network to be built by an Alaska Native Corporation in southwestern Alaska , a fiber - to - the - home project in a remote corner of New Hampshire and computer centers for 84 libraries in Arizona .
Congress included $ 7.2 billion for broadband projects in the stimulus bill to create jobs and bring new economic opportunities to parts of the country left behind in today 's digital age .
That includes $ 4.7 billion to be awarded by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration , an arm of the Commerce Department , and $ 2.5 billion to be awarded by the Rural Utilities Service , part of the Agriculture Department .
Demand for the broadband money has been intense - far outstripping the amount of federal dollars available .
The Commerce and Agriculture Departments received nearly 2,200 applications submitted by local governments , inner-city community groups , rural cooperatives , non-profits and for - profit corporations in every corner of the country .
They asked for a total of $ 28 billion to pay for fiber - optic lines , wireless clouds , computer labs , Internet training programs , municipal communications networks and a range of other projects to bridge the so - called digital divide .
Explore further Many interested in broadband stimulus funds
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The kilometre - high skyscraper , the underwater hotel , the cloud on stilts ...
Steve Rose mourns the eye - popping erections that should never have been commissioned
Pundits have been lining up to say " I told you so " over the bursting of Dubai 's construction bubble , so now it 's my turn .
I did tell you so , a year ago .
But what now ?
In architectural terms , Dubai has surely been the story of the decade .
We 're just not sure if it 's a comedy , a tragedy or some surreal , hallucinogenic fairy tale .
On the other hand , the Dubai experiment has undeniably expanded the realms of what it is possible to build .
Before the Palm Jumeirah and its ilk , or the World , who would have contemplated works on such a scale ?
Reclaiming land from the sea is nothing new , but only Dubai had the imagination to make pretty patterns with its coastline , to shape the earth to such a colossal degree that you need Google Earth to appreciate it .
Other countries have evidently been eyeing Dubai 's coastline , too .
In Russia , for example , Eric van Egeraat has designed Sochi Island , an artificial resort island in the Black Sea .
Bahrain is developing a similar type of offshore resort .
Abu Dhabi is making good use of its previously undeveloped islands , for instance Saadiyat Island , which will soon house a very different collection of wonders to Dubai in the form of new museums and galleries designed by Frank Gehry , Zaha Hadid , Norman Foster , Jean Nouvel and Tadao Ando .
Even Boris Johnson 's recent proposals for a new airport in the Thames estuary had a touch of Dubai about them .
Foreign architects have had a ball in Dubai , at least until recently .
It 's been the place where you can get away with anything .
No matter how outlandish or oversized the idea , no one seemed to be saying no , and somebody else was always paying .
As a result , the emirate has been waging some sort of architectural arms race with itself , each new development trying to outdo the last , while the rest of the world looked on with a mixture of disdain and envy .
The Dubai dream was ultimately unsustainable on many levels , environmental as well as financial , and it's safe to assume that most of the crazy ideas proposed for the city will never happen now , given Dubai 's dire credit situation .
So here are some of the craziest highlights from a future that will probably never arrive – but , you never know , still just might .
Nakheel Harbour and Tower
Legal high ...
Bad timing for SOM's Burj Dubai , which is due to open on 4 January 2010 , just when a conspicuous symbol of Dubai 's hubris was needed .
But in the Dubai spirit of one - upmanship , plans were afoot to build an even taller skyscraper with an even shorter name : Al Burj .
Originally designed by IM Pei Partnership , the tower was taken over by Australian architects Woods Bagot .
It was renamed Nakheel Harbour and Tower after its backers , the state - owned property group Nakheel , which is at the heart of Dubai 's current woes .
The sentiment behind this stupendous tower seemed to be : " I see your 800 - metre - high Burj Dubai , and raise it to over 1 km .
How d'you like that ? "
Trump International Hotel and Tower
1980s pound - shop vase ?
Surely a frontrunner in any competition for the ugliest skyscraper the world has ever seen , this 60 - odd - storey atrocity , designed by Atkins , was supposed to be the centrepiece of the famous Palm Jumeirah and super - luxurious addition to the Trump brand .
It looks like it was inspired by one of those 1980s vases you find in a pound shop .
Mercifully , construction has been on hold for a year or so .
Dubai Towers
In the same way the peacock 's tail evolved into a flamboyantly useless appendage , Dubai skyscrapers have had to resort to ludicrous contortions to stand out .
From the " ignore them , they 're just trying to get attention " school of design comes a quartet of bendy skyscrapers supposedly inspired by the movement of candlelight – or perhaps Jedward 's hair .
Hydropolis Underwater Hotel
Plumbing the depths
Why reach for the sky when you can plumb the depths ?
This German - designed scheme would offer 220 bubble - shaped transparent suites , 66 metres below the surface , so guests can enjoy a privileged view of Dubai 's spectacular coastal dredging operations .
The Dynamic Tower
Room with a 360 - degree view
A nice idea : each of this tower 's 70 floors revolves independently around its central core , so everyone lives in a revolving apartment and gets a 360 - degree view of Dubai 's cranescape .
And from the outside , the building changes shape all the time .
And it 's all powered by green energy from wind turbines and solar panels .
All perfectly possible , architect David Fisher assures a sceptical world .
The Dubai Opera House
Not even Dubai had the stomach for French superstar Jean Nouvel 's idiosyncratic formal experiment – a strange cross between an oil rig , a greenhouse and a psychedelic light show .
Nouvel 's pretentious accompanying text did n't help : " It is a little like the clouds .
Each person can see what attracts them , what makes them question .
The architect plays only the role of provocateur , claiming innocence . "
Nouvel is at least building the new Louvre , in neighbouring Abu Dhabi , which promises to be stunning .
The Cloud
City on stilts
A poetic but preposterous scheme imagining a resort landscape of lakes , palaces and floating gardens , raised 300 metres in the air on slanting columns .
The brainchild of Lebanese architect Nadim Karam , it 's been described as " a bridge suspended between dreams and reality " .
Why not put a gigantic pie on stilts instead ?
Waterfront City
A whole city for 1.5 million inhabitants on an artificial island twice the size of Hong Kong .
Rem Koolhaas 's OMA were behind the plan .
Reckoning that nobody in the Gulf watched Star Wars , he put a replica of the Death Star as its centrepiece – or was that his idea of architectural satire ?
Dubailand
Carnival splendour
A vast landscape of leisure , twice the size of Florida 's Disney World , proposed for the interior of the emirate .
Highlights include four theme parks , five golf courses , life - size replicas of some of the world 's landmarks , a zillion hotels , a Beauty Museum , and , of course , another " world 's largest shopping mall " .
Free to try
CopyToy
Copy music , videos , photos and more from iPod , iPad , iPhone to PC and sync playlists to iTunes .
Free to try
User rating
Стоматологическая клиник а
« Доктор Лопати н »
Сегодня клиника « Доктор Лопатин » занимает достойное место в списке сетевых стоматологических клини к
Москвы , входя в топ лучших из них благодаря высокому качеству услуг и умеренным ценам .
В нашей клинике предоставляются скидки постоянным клиентам , периодически проводятся акции на некоторые виды услуг , благодаря чему , даже не будучи стоматологией эконом - класса , мы делаем все , чтобы качественная стоматологическая помощь была доступной .
Семейная стоматологи я
Мы делаем акцент на оказании помощи взрослым и детям , поэтому стоматологию « Доктор Лопатин » смело можно назвать семейной .
Если к нам обращаются всей семьей , то лечение обойдется дешевле , поэтому часто мы называем себя стоматологией семейных скидок .
Все виды стоматологической помощ и
В стоматологии « Доктор Лопатин » осуществляются все виды стоматологической помощи , включая ортопедическую стоматологию ( протезирование ) , хирургическую стоматологию ( удалени е в том числе дистопированных и ретинированных зубов , корней , вскрытие кист , нагноений ) , терапевтическую помощь ( лечение кариеса , пульпита ) .
Предусмотрена возможность оказания экстренной и неотложной стоматологической помощи при острой боли или травмах .
При серьезных повреждениях зубов и челюстей , некоторых заболеваниях в клинике « Доктор Лопатин » возможно выполнение сложных операций , относящихся даже не к стоматологии , а к челюстно - лицевой хирургии .
В ортопедическом отделении выполняются все виды протезирования : имплантация , установка коронок , бюгельное протезирование , изготовление съемных протезов .
При помощи виниров или люминиров мы сделаем вашу улыбку по-настоящему голливудской .
В клинике « Доктор Лопатин » большое внимание уделяется профессиональной гигиене полости рта , которая проводится при помощи специальных аппаратов .
Можно отбелить зубы с использование профессиональных стоматологических средств .
Есть широкие возможности для диагностики .
Рентгеновские и цифровые методики активно используются для уточнения диагноза и составления плана лечения .
Некоторые пациенты панически боятся лечить зубы , для них есть специальное предложение : стоматология под наркозом .
Твоя стоматология рядом с домо м
Первая стоматологическая клиника , из которой образовалась сеть стоматологий « Доктор Лопатин » , была открыта в 1992 году .
Сегодня успешно работают 3 центра современной стоматологии , среди которых можно выбрать ближайший к дому .
Адреса и часы работы всех наших стоматологических поликлиник можно найти на сайте .
Обратившись в стоматологическую клинику « Доктор Лопатин » , вы можете быть уверены в том , что вам будет оказана современная стоматологическая помощь класса « люкс » по доступным ценам .
Google is apparently in the early stages of a research project that appears to aim as high as perhaps replacing the HTTP protocol , the fundamental technology that essentially makes the World Wide Web possible .
In a somewhat obscure post on the Chromium blog , the development branch of their Chrome browser , Google reveals they 've been working on a new protocol dubbed SPDY for " SPeeDY " for its goal of making the web faster .
While HTTP is an " elegantly simple protocol " that has powered the web since 1996 , the tone of Google 's post is almost patronizing , as if HTTP were our doddering old uncle that 's had his day and needs to be put out to pasture .
Then again , Google 's hubris is perhaps warranted as one of the only companies with enough clout and resources to indeed spur on the " evolution of websites and browsers " with an entirely new protocol designed to speed up the communication between web servers and clients .
They reveal they 've already got a prototype web server and a Chrome client with built - in SPDY support that they 've been testing in the lab .
With these tools they 've reportedly been able to see an up to 55 % speed increase in page loading , and feel like the project is now stable enough to warrant soliciting feedback from the web community .
The SPDY documentation is now available , as well as the source code .
Google encourages feedback on the new protocol in the Chromium Google Group .
What do you think , is Google onto something in thinking the basic protocol underpinning the web needs a refresh ?
Is it time to focus on the need for speed ?
Let us know in the comments .
[ Image courtesy of Tecfre ]
I remember the days ,
Actually mostly the nights ,
And the mornings ,
Of dawn 's early precipice light ,
Tinged with the illegal ,
Trespassing away from my youth .
The dark and mysterious nights ,
Leading me astray ,
It was all so alluring ,
I could not resist .
It was as if not the beautiful ,
But the beautiful being disgraced by the ugly ,
That was intoxicatingly so ,
That I could not turn away .
The manufactured 3,4 - MethyleneDioxyMethAmphetamine ,
Coupled with a glittering dust of heroic diacetylmorphine ,
That laced the crystalline ,
So - called hydrogen H- bomb ,
The female heroine heroin of chemical salvation .
The virgin tongue tainting the ferrous blood ,
With man -made plasticity ,
What somnolence was fast approaching ,
And oh how the anxiety was annulled by the anxiolytic affect ,
Pushing the emotive euphoria forcefully into my world ,
And into my stable mentality , my mental stability , that I call my mind .
The consciousness became fuzzy ,
The conscience evilly cooperative ,
As the yellow - orange sodium - vapor lights grew eerily distant .
And the constant darkness of the night ,
Was met with the loud thunder ,
Of the futuristic drums ,
Beating the tribal human nature ,
Back into my heart .
I felt my blood muscle react ,
The pace became fast ,
As I pondered ,
How evolved humans have become ,
Since the Ethiopian origins disappeared ,
Across the volcanic sons of Hadean ,
The original seven pieces of ancient Pangaea .
I am but one simply small ,
And ubiquitous grain of sand ,
In this ever falling hourglass ,
Yet I feel more than just special ,
I feel chosen .
I feel chosen to be enlightened ,
The occult has selected me ,
The Gnostics have summoned me ,
The mystics have prophesized my coming .
I am entwined with this exact moment of history ,
Where I simultaneously exist as mortal and divine .
I breathed the cool air from her lips ,
The pleasantly poetic symmetry ,
Of a mysterious girl 's modal mouth ,
And her feminine molecular formation ,
That has the essence and aura of gold ,
The aura of an aurora that glimmers and glows ,
The borealis of a clear crisp cold northern night and light ,
In colors that confuse and mystify ,
The minds of all men that walketh so .
Why is the female the ultimate beauty perfected ,
The pluperfect form , idyllic companion delight ,
Why is it she that makes all your troubles disappear ,
And life appear dividedly divinely so ,
For all those who encompass her freewill and spirit know .
And whilst I bear the thoughts ,
Of mankind all in one breath ,
Towards the heavens I begin my ascension ,
Yet I know I am but mere mortal .
As I witness my own sense of being and status quo ,
A huge heavenly deluge of insight is given to me ,
One that foretells all and eternally escapes time 's persistent forward march ,
Binding it all together into a single simple shape yet complex ,
An elegant embodiment that has but one solitary side ,
While collapsing compactly all into itself ,
All of the motions , both past , present , and future ,
Adorning the contours of this visually stunning illustrious semblance ,
All encompassing the physical realm , a true cosmic metamorphosis ,
Everything and all .
It is the cosmic spiral of undulations ,
That weave existence from void ,
Into an apparent cyclical fashion ,
While eluding even the brightest being ,
Of its true singularity form .
As time reveals herself to me ,
The melodic crystals of sinusoidal synthesization ,
Emanating deep from within the magnetic silicone ,
Penetrate through my cochlea and into the cortex of the aural ,
The pure sounds caressed my mind ,
Chemical synaptic response , synapse by synapse ,
Neurotic neural node , neuron by neuron .
My machinery , so very sophisticated and hyper - advanced ,
Had met its evolutionary equal ,
In the midst of a mist , an atmospheric trance ,
The brown sugar ingredient in my freshly baked good ,
Imperialized the collection of networks that constitute me ,
And developed an impenetrable logical argument ,
The evolutionary revelation within my mental revolution ,
The revolution of mine , the mind , my mind ,
Our mental revolution ,
All 100 billion of us .
A single interference of a pristine molecule ,
Never before seen , tasted , nor felt by my being ,
Through direct chemoreception it was received ,
Disinclined to the spiritual realm ,
Synthetically known to this mother , Mother Gaea ,
Challenging the Earth , challenging the universe ,
Challenging hell and heaven alike ,
A molecule that challenged the mind , body , and soul .
Chemistry had somehow given me a challenge ,
A gift of the Gods maybe , a gift of science more likely ,
And it showed me for a split second the true colors of the universe .
The colors by which you cannot see ,
The sounds by which you cannot hear ,
The somatosensory by which you cannot feel ,
The introspect by which you cannot think ,
The divine by which you cannot be .
I was swept off my foundations of rationale ,
By feelings that went far beyond the edge ,
If you can call it an edge ,
My wildest dreams ,
My extreme passions ,
My empathetic apathy .
I saw them ,
The oneiric prisms ,
Of pure joy and content ,
That were multidimensionally redefining my realm ,
And how I view the simple word of bliss .
Ancient - modern ,
Epiphanic enlightenment , kinetic knowledge ,
Harmonious harmonic harmony ,
Future - past in the present .
A strong calm dwindled ,
Into my stream of consciousness it flowed ,
Slowly , but surely decrescendoing into light , airy , faint comfort ,
A calmly flowing pleasant feeling of pure comfortable contentment .
To this day ,
I wish to return ,
But regrettably regrettable ,
I will never knowingly choose ,
To walk so close to that dangerous edge ,
The edge of the valley of the shadow of death ,
Never again until that one day of judgment ,
Is the day that is truly upon me by the divine G*d 's will ,
Or for some strange reason by the grace of mystique ,
That I will find myself on that edge by the free will ,
Of my own synergistic convergence upon a single thought ,
That could propel my continuance of biologic senescence away ,
Far , far away from this spaceship Earth ,
This pale blue dot ,
Circling around this one subatomic system of the solar .
I am in love ,
Unrequited love ,
Requited love that requires repartition ,
Retrograde retribution to my noble mind ,
All that I do not wish to endure to bring this love ,
This romance of the chemical back to a spark .
I am full of sadness from desire ,
I have seen and it has showed ,
To me , myself , and I , the many more emotions and spectral spectrums of nuances galore ,
That do definitely existentially exist in the knowledge of women , children , and men .
It has placed me into a state of listlessness ,
Complacent with the emotions of angels ,
The angelic annhilation of my stability ,
Complete with a side of torpor , acedia , melancholy and ennui .
I feel the deadliest of the deadly seven steeping my kettle of sin ,
For I cannot resist it and I am but one submissive soul ,
To this deceleration as if I was a fly in molasses .
Yet , while I have abandoned my morals ,
And dipped my foot into the lake of fire ,
Nearest the farthest circle of hell ,
From which the gate I entered where I chose to abandon all hope ,
I do feel a strange sense of helpless hope .
I feel an embrace ,
A sour embrace ,
Slowly telling me the truth ,
The truth of my sole soul ,
The truth of the world 's soul ,
And the soul of truth .
THERE is no religion higher than truth .
There IS no religion higher than truth .
There is NO religion higher than truth .
There is no RELIGION higher than truth .
There is no religion HIGHER than truth .
There is no religion higher THAN truth .
There is no religion higher than TRUTH .
As each song lightens the opulent sky ,
With the red fiery hues ,
Of the seventh - hundred nanometric range of heavenly zeal ,
I open my eyes as pinpoint pupils ,
Letting light into the shoebox of my head .
I see the clouds billowing upwards ,
As the solar radiation melts the vapor into invisibility .
I meet the day with a song rhythmically filled ,
A bounty of basslines galore ,
Solidifying the breathing atmospheres ,
Of sonic accompaniment to my delusional state .
I was delirious ,
But now I am complacently content ,
At peace with myself , others , and all .
The day goes on ,
And a cool summer breeze hits my skin ,
As I truly fall into the twilight of midday 's sleep .
In and out ,
Luxurious lackadaisical relaxation ,
Amongst my home where I feel no pain ,
And discover the breeze entering nearby though it is barely spring .
My synaesthetic revolutions ,
That mimic the movements of the sun and the stars ,
Geocentric , yet heliocentric ,
All within my head ,
Meet in contradiction over the smell of a tropical wind ,
The wind pushing against my spring sweat ,
As the recent vernal equinox has barely just passed ,
Yet a cool summer breeze hits my body and teases me so .
Astronomically abstaining from the contradiction ,
I spell the inner words for which write my future .
Still , I feel a passion for the chemical sapience ,
That my blood vessels soaked up like a dry sponge ,
And I yearn for that day ,
The day when I can walk again ,
Into the Gnostic light emanating and illuminating ,
Not from somewhere nor from within , but throughout .
I will walk upon such a true and valiant bridge of light full of fervor ,
One day again ,
Truly one day again ,
One day again ,
one day ,
one ...
ONE DAY !
And on that one glorious day ,
Time will stop , truth will ascend ,
And I will lay at my creator 's feet as a humble soul ,
Watching the mortal die as I stand upon this bridge beyond time ,
That stretches from Earth to the heavens ,
Upon which no storm , no evil , no malice can affect ,
Stronger than the force of anything imaginable .
I will not need to ask what lies below the bridge ,
Nor what hinges are above that hold and suspend the bridge steadily so ,
And I will surely not ask nor need to ask whether I am truly just standing ,
On a regular spherical firmament amongst the heavens ,
An orb amongst the stars ,
In a fathomless void of infinite multitude ,
A sea of deep black darkness with twinkling pointillism of shimmering distant brilliance ,
In a form and shape of indescribable proportions .
Why , you might ask ?
Because for I will know it throughout ,
Throughout my eternal mind , immortal body , and effervescent soul ,
Not from within , nor from somewhere , but absolutely , positively , throughout .
Stability will be a mere word ,
That will have no meaning to my reborn self .
I will know that the bridge is secure ,
The warmth not surreal ,
And the contentment completely legitimate ,
Because it will be a divine love ,
That will permeate through my new blood ,
And it will exist with me forever and always ,
As I will have returned to the source ,
The final destination ,
The last stop ,
Fully enlightened .
I will abandon optimism ,
Unnecessary it will be to possess ,
And I will preclude other human weaknesses ,
I will not need hope ,
I will discard desire ,
I will exclude the emotions that I know so well ,
Adoration and anger ,
Despair and aspiration ,
And I will trade them all ,
For the full spectral reflections of the purest ,
And simultaneously most heterogeneous forms that I know ,
As a being only partially enlightened at present ,
But a being that has seen a glimpse ,
Of what can , what will , and what should be ,
And that I surely hope and expect to find at the very , very , very end ,
If there is really such a thing .
I hope that the warmth will welcome me ,
As I saw that one day that I traded stable security for risk ,
That I tread so close to the edge of the deep abyss ,
As I tiptoed on the crest of the canyon ,
And danced with the Devil against the LORD 's will ,
But whether the sinful nature of the dance was sanctioned by the righteousness of G*d ,
The divine force , the Holy Spirit , Yeshua , Allah , Yahweh ,
It is sanctioned by me because it gave me a glimpse of heaven ,
A piece of the pie in the sky ,
My own personal cloud for me to rest my gentle soul ,
My feeble mind and my growing spirit .
I do believe that if it was not truly endorsed by the divine ,
That there was an alternative path of endorsement ,
By the sheer fact that I was given a shimmering and glittering glimpse ,
And I saw what an eternity of bliss looks like ,
It has renewed my faith and my religion ,
It has shown to me that there is a light at the end of the tunnel ,
That the heavenly river in the sky is not just an arbitrary anomaly ,
That we are truly indeed a reflection of our creator ,
And that we exist in a world that is bound by time ,
But that is cradled by pillars of eternal joy ,
And structurally designed far beyond our human capacity .
I think , therefore I remember ,
And I remember all of this insight and introspect ,
From when the 6 - monoacetylmorphine flowed in my fluid ,
And bound itself repeatedly to μ- opioid receptors throughout my mortal flesh ,
And especially when the methylene touched the dioxymethamphetamine ,
During those fleeting moments when time stood still ,
However sincere or insincere the feelings felt ,
The chemicals artificially produced ,
Manufactured bliss ,
But when that day cometh and I will stand on that bridge ,
I will know that this time it will be sincere ,
Beyond the tears felt when realizing that the son of G*d has risen ,
The interface between divine and mortal bridged ,
Where the sinless can touch the sinful ,
And divine plucks a ripe fruit from the vine ,
Which bears the gift for the living ,
Which giveth the blood of Christ , our savior ,
That we shall all once again arise and ascend into heaven .
TRAVELING in the South of France in recent weeks , João Correia , a former Manhattan publishing executive who shed 60 pounds in recent years , found temptation everywhere : oven - fresh baguettes dabbed in oozy Camembert , sugary tartes Tatin .
A morning pain au chocolat , washed down with a rich café au lait ?
Off limits .
“ Oatmeal and black coffee is the ticket , ” he said .
Even in France .
Talk about willpower .
But Mr. Correia , with his wiry 145 - pound physique , is not a walking testimonial for the latest fad diet .
Rather , he arrived in Europe this month as a new member of Cervélo TestTeam , one of 25 men on a top professional European cycling team .
A former professional cyclist who last raced at age 21 , he left the sport for a desk job and , over a decade , ballooned toward the weight of two professional cyclists .
Now , at 34 , he is back , at an age when many riders are ready to retire .
He hopes to compete in the Giro d’Italia or the Tour de France in coming years .
As an athletic achievement , it is remarkable , said John Eustice , a TV cycling commentator , tour promoter and former professional rider .
“ It ’s like a high school football star quitting the game , going into business and all of a sudden finding himself back in the N.F.L. in his 30s , ” he said .
An overwhelming majority of people who have periodontal ( gum ) disease are also at high risk for diabetes and should be screened for diabetes , a New York University nursing - dental research team has found .
The researchers also determined that half of those at risk had seen a dentist in the previous year , concluded that dentists should consider offering diabetes screenings in their offices , and described practical approaches to conducting diabetes screenings in dental offices .
The study , led by Dr. Shiela Strauss , Associate Professor of Nursing and Co-Director of the Statistics and Data Management Core for NYU 's Colleges of Dentistry and Nursing , examined data from 2,923 adult participants in the 2003 - 2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey who had not been diagnosed with diabetes .
The survey , conducted by the National Center for Health Statistics of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , was designed to assess the health and nutritional status of adults and children in the United States .
Using guidelines established by the American Diabetes Association , Dr. Strauss determined that 93 percent of subjects who had periodontal disease , compared to 63 percent of those without the disease , were considered to be at high risk for diabetes and should be screened for diabetes .
The guidelines recommend diabetes screening for people at least 45 years of age with a body mass index ( a comparative measure of weight and height ) of 25 or more , as well as for those under 45 years of age with a BMI of 25 or more who also have at least one additional diabetes risk factor .
In Dr. Strauss 's study , two of those additional risk factors -- high blood pressure and a first - degree relative ( a parent or sibling ) with diabetes -- were reported in a significantly greater number of subjects with periodontal disease than in subjects without the disease .
Dr. Strauss 's findings , published today in the online edition of the Journal of Public Health Dentistry , add to a growing body of evidence linking periodontal infections to an increased risk for diabetes .
Dr. Strauss also examined how often those with gum disease and a risk for diabetes visit a dentist , finding that three in five reported a dental visit in the past two years ; half in the past year ; and a third in the past six months .
" In light of these findings , the dental visit could be a useful opportunity to conduct an initial diabetes screening -- an important first step in identifying those patients who need follow - up testing to diagnose the disease . "
" It 's been estimated that 5.7 million Americans with diabetes were undiagnosed in 2007 , " Dr. Strauss added , " with the number expected to increase dramatically in coming years .
The issue of undiagnosed diabetes is especially critical because early treatment and secondary prevention efforts may help to prevent or delay the long - term complications of diabetes that are responsible for reduced quality of life and increased levels of mortality among these patients .
Thus , there is a critical need to increase opportunities for diabetes screening and early diabetes detection . "
Dr. Strauss said that dentists could screen patients for diabetes by evaluating them for risk factors such as being overweight ; belonging to a high - risk ethnic group ( African - American , Latino , Native American , Asian - American , or Pacific Islander ) ; having high cholesterol ; high blood pressure ; a first - degree relative with diabetes ; or gestational diabetes mellitus ; or having given birth to a baby weighing more than nine pounds .
Alternatively , dentists could use a glucometer -- a diagnostic instrument for measuring blood glucose -- to analyze finger - stick blood samples , or use the glucometer to evaluate blood samples taken from pockets of inflammation in the gums .
" The oral blood sample would arguably be more acceptable to dentists because providers and patients anticipate oral intervention in the dental office , " Dr. Strauss noted .
In an earlier study involving 46 subjects with periodontal disease published in June 2009 by the Journal of Periodontology , an NYU nursing - dental research team led by Dr. Strauss determined that the glucometer can provide reliable glucose - level readings for blood samples drawn from deep pockets of gum inflammation , and that those readings were highly correlated with glucometer readings for finger - stick blood samples .
Dr. Strauss 's coauthors on the study for the Journal of Public Health Dentistry include Ms. Alla Wheeler , Clinical Assistant Professor of Dental Hygiene ; Dr. Stefanie Russell , a periodontist and Assistant Professor of Epidemiology & Health Promotion ; and Dr. Robert Norman , Research Associate Professor of Epidemiology & Health Promotion , all of the NYU College of Dentistry ; Dr. Luisa Borrell , an Associate Professor in the Department of Health Sciences at Lehman College of the City University of New York ; and Dr. David Rindskopf , Distinguished Professor of Educational Psychology and Psychology at the City University of New York Graduate Center .
Rob McElhenney and Kaitlin Olson , the husband - and - wife team who play Mac and Sweet Dee on It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia , will be partners in an Old City bar , now operating as Skinner 's , at 226 Market St .
The info was rumored yesterday on Phoodie .
info but not confirmed .
Designing Fast Cross - Platform SIMD Vector Libraries
Introduction
By Gustavo Oliveira
Inside most 3D applications there exists a vector library to perform routine calculations such as vector arithmetic , logic , comparison , dot and cross products , and so on .
Although there are countless ways to go about designing this type of library , developers often miss key factors to allow a vector library to perform these calculations the fastest possible way .
Around late 2004 I was assigned to develop such a vector library code - named VMath , standing for " Vector Math . "
The primary goal of VMath was not only to be the fastest but also easily portable across different platforms .
To my surprise in 2009 , the compiler technology has not changed much .
Indeed the results presented in this article resulted from my research during that time , with some exceptions , are nearly the same that when I was working on VMath five years ago .
" Fastest " Library
Since this article is mostly written in C++ and focused primarily in performance , defining the fastest library can be misleading sometimes .
Therefore , the fastest library as described in here , is the one that generates the smallest assembly code compared to other libraries when compiling the same code using the same settings ( assuming release mode of course ) .
This is because the fastest library generates fewer instructions to perform the same exact calculations .
Or in other words , the fastest library is the one the bloats the code the least .
SIMD Instructions
With the wide spread of single instruction multiple data instructions ( SIMD ) around modern processors the task of developing a vector library has become much easier .
SIMD operations work on SIMD registers precisely as FPU operations on FPU registers .
However , the advantage is that SIMD registers are usually 128 - bit wide forming the quad - word : four " floats " or " ints " of 32 - bits each .
This allows developers to perform 4D vector calculations with a single instruction .
Because of that , the best feature a vector library can have is to take advantage of the SIMD instructions in it .
Nonetheless , when working with SIMD instructions you must watch out for common mistakes that can cause the library to bloat the code .
In fact the code bloat of a SIMD vector library can be drastic to a point that it would have been better to simply use FPU instructions .
Vector Library Interface
The best way to talk to SIMD instructions when designing a high level interface of a vector library is by the usage of intrinsics .
They are available from most compilers that target processors with SIMD instructions .
Also , each instrisics translates into a single SIMD instruction .
However the advantage of using intrinsics instead of writing assembly directly is to allow the compiler to perform scheduling and expression optimization .
That can significantly minimize code bloat .
Examples of instrinsics below :
Intel & AMD : vr = _mm_add_ps ( va , vb ) ; Cell Processor ( SPU ) : vr = spu_add ( va , vb ) ; Altivec : vr = vec_add ( va , vb ) ;
1. Returning results by value
By observing the intrisics interface a vector library must imitate that interface to maximize performance .
Therefore , you must return the results by value and not by reference , as such :
//correct
inline Vec4 VAdd ( Vec4 va , Vec4 vb )
{
return ( _mm_add_ps ( va , vb ) ) ;
} ;
On the other hand if the data is returned by reference the interface will generate code bloat .
The incorrect version below :
// incorrect ( code bloat ! )
inline void VAddSlow ( Vec4& vr , Vec4 va , Vec4 vb )
{
vr = _mm_add_ps ( va , vb ) ;
} ;
The reason you must return data by value is because the quad - word ( 128 - bit ) fits nicely inside one SIMD register .
And one of the key factors of a vector library is to keep the data inside these registers as much as possible .
By doing that , you avoid unnecessary loads and stores operations from SIMD registers to memory or FPU registers .
When combining multiple vector operations the " returned by value " interface allows the compiler to optimize these loads and stores easily by minimizing SIMD to FPU or memory transfers .
2. Data Declared " Purely "
Here , " pure data " is defined as data declared outside a " class " or " struct " by a simple " typedef " or " define " .
When I was researching various vector libraries before coding VMath , I observed one common pattern among all libraries I looked at during that time .
In all cases , developers wrapped the basic quad - word type inside a " class " or " struct " instead of declaring it purely , as follows :
class Vec4
{
...
private :
__m128 xyzw ;
} ;
This type of data encapsulation is a common practice among C++ developers to make the architecture of the software robust .
The data is protected and can be accessed only by the class interface functions .
Nonetheless , this design causes code bloat by many different compilers in different platforms , especially if some sort of GCC port is being used .
An approach that is much friendlier to the compiler is to declare the vector data " purely " , as follows :
typedef __m128 Vec4 ;
Admittedly a vector library designed that way will lose the nice encapsulation and protection of its fundamental data .
However the payoff is certainly noticeable .
Let 's look at an example to clarify the problem .
We can approximate the sine function by using Maclaurin ( *) series as below :
(*)
There are better and faster ways to approximate the sine function in production code .
The Maclaurin series is used here just for illustrative purposes .
If a developer codes a vector version of a sine function using the formula above the code would look like more or less :
Vec4 VSin( const Vec4& x )
{
Vec4 c1 = VReplicate ( - 1.f/6.f ) ;
Vec4 c2 = VReplicate ( 1.f/120.f ) ;
Vec4 c3 = VReplicate ( - 1.f/5040.f ) ;
Vec4 c4 = VReplicate ( 1.f/362880 ) ;
Vec4 c5 = VReplicate ( - 1.f/39916800 ) ;
Vec4 c6 = VReplicate ( 1.f/6227020800 ) ;
Vec4 c7 = VReplicate ( - 1.f/1307674368000 ) ;
Vec4 res = x +
c1*x*x*x +
c2*x*x*x*x*x +
c3*x*x*x*x*x*x*x +
c4*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x +
c5*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x +
c6*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x +
c7*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x*x ;
return ( res ) ;
}
Now let 's look at the assembler of the same function compiled as Vec4 declared " purely " ( left column ) and declared inside a class ( right column ) .
( Click here to download the table document .
Refer to Table 1 . )
The same exact code shrinks by a factor of approximate 15 percent simply by changing how the fundamental data was declared .
If this function was performing some inner loop calculation , there would not only be savings in code size but certainly would run faster .
4. Overloaded Operators vs. Procedural Interface
Another nice C++ feature that became popular in most modern applications due to its clarity is the use of overloaded operators .
However , as a general rule , overloaded operators bloat the code as well .
A fast SIMD vector library should also provide a procedural C - like interface .
The code bloat generated from overloaded operators does not arise when dealing with simple math expressions .
This is probably why most developers ignore this problem when first designing a vector library .
However , as the expressions get more complex the optimizer has to do extra work to assure correct results .
This involves creating unnecessary temporary storage variables that usually translate into more load / store operations between SIMD registers and memory .
Let 's try to compile a 3 - band equalizer filter using overloaded operators and a procedural interface as an example .
Then we look at the generated assembly code .
The source code written with overloaded operators looks like :
Vec4 do_3 band ( EQSTATE * es , Vec4& sample )
{
Vec4 l , m , h ;
es ->f1p0 += ( es->lf * ( sample - es->f1p0 ) ) + vsa ;
es ->f1p1 += ( es->lf * ( es->f1p0 - es->f1p1 ) ) ;
es ->f1p2 += ( es->lf * ( es->f1p1 - es->f1p2 ) ) ;
es ->f1p3 += ( es->lf * ( es->f1p2 - es->f1p3 ) ) ;
l = es->f1p3 ;
es ->f2p0 += ( es - >hf * ( sample - es->f2p0 ) ) + vsa ;
es ->f2p1 += ( es ->hf * ( es->f2p0 - es->f2p1 ) ) ;
es ->f2p2 += ( es ->hf * ( es->f2p1 - es->f2p2 ) ) ;
es ->f2p3 += ( es ->hf * ( es->f2p2 - es->f2p3 ) ) ;
h = es->sdm3 - es->f2p3 ;
m = es->sdm3 - ( h + l ) ;
l *= es->lg ;
m *= es->mg ;
h *= es->hg ;
es ->sdm3 = es->sdm2 ;
es->sdm2 = es->sdm1 ;
es ->sdm1 = sample ;
return( l + m + h ) ;
}
Now the same code re-written using a procedural interface :
Vec4 do_3 band ( EQSTATE * es , Vec4& sample )
{ Vec4 l , m , h ;
es ->f1p0 = VAdd(es ->f1p0 , VAdd ( VMul(es ->lf , VSub ( sample , es->f1p0 ) ) , vsa ) ) ;
es ->f1p1 = VAdd(es->f1p1 , VMul( es ->lf , VSub( es ->f1p0 , es->f1p1 ) ) ) ;
es ->f1p2 = VAdd(es->f1p2 , VMul( es ->lf , VSub( es ->f1p1 , es->f1p2 ) ) ) ;
es ->f1p3 = VAdd(es->f1p3 , VMul( es ->lf , VSub( es ->f1p2 , es->f1p3 ) ) ) ;
l = es->f1p3 ;
es ->f2p0 = VAdd(es -> f2p0 , VAdd ( VMul(es ->hf , VSub ( sample , es->f2p0 ) ) , vsa ) ) ;
es ->f2p1 = VAdd(es->f2p1 , VMul( es ->hf , VSub( es->f2p0 , es->f2p1 ) ) ) ;
es ->f2p2 = VAdd(es->f2p2 , VMul( es ->hf , VSub( es -> f2p1 , es->f2p2 ) ) ) ;
es ->f2p3 = VAdd(es->f2p3 , VMul( es ->hf , VSub( es ->f2p2 , es->f2p3 ) ) ) ;
h = VSub( es->sdm3 , es->f2p3 ) ;
m = VSub( es->sdm3 , VAdd(h , l ) ) ;
l = VMul( l , es->lg ) ;
m = VMul( m , es->mg ) ;
h = VMul ( h , es ->hg ) ;
es ->sdm3 = es->sdm2 ;
es->sdm2 = es->sdm1 ;
es ->sdm1 = sample ;
return ( VAdd(l , VAdd(m , h ) ) ) ;
}
Finally let 's look at the assembly code of both ( click here to download the table document ; refer to Table 2 . )
The code that used procedural calls was approximately 21 percent smaller .
Also notice that this code is equalizing four streams of audio simultaneously .
So , compared to doing the same calculation on the FPU the speed boost would be tremendous .
I shall emphasize that I do not discourage the support for overloaded operators on a vector library .
Indeed I encourage providing both so that developers can write procedurally if the expressions get complex enough to create code bloat .
In fact when I was testing VMath , I often wrote first my math expressions using overloaded operators .
Then I tested the same code using procedural calls to see if any difference appeared .
The code bloat was dependent upon the complexity of the expressions as stated before .
5. Inline Everything
The inline key word allows the compiler to get the rid of expensive function calls and therefore optimizing the code at the price of more code bloat .
It 's a common practice to inline all vector functions so that function calls are not performed .
Windows compilers ( Microsoft & Intel ) are really impressive about when to or not to inline functions .
It 's best to leave this job to the compiler , so there is nothing to lose by adding inline to all your vector functions .
However one problem with inline is that the instruction cache misses ( I - Cache ) .
If the compiler is not good enough to realize when a function is " too big " for the target platform , you can fall on a big problem .
The code will not only bloat but also make lots of I - Cache misses .
Then vector functions can go much slower .
I could not come up with one case in Windows development that had an " inlined " vector function which caused code bloat to a point that the I - Cache was affected .
In fact , even when I do n't inline functions the windows compilers are smart enough to inline them for me .
However , when I did PSP and PS3 development the GCC port was not so smart .
Indeed there had been cases that was better not to inline .
But if you fall into these specific cases , it 's always trivial to wrap your inline function to a platform - specific call that is not " inlined " such as :
Vec4 DotPlatformSpecific( Vec4 va , Vec4 vb )
{
return ( Dot ( va , vb ) ) ;
}
On the other hand , if the vector library is designed without inline you cannot force them to inline easily .
So you rely on the compiler to be smart enough to inline the functions for you .
Which may not work as you expect on different platforms .
6. Replicate Results Into SIMD Registers and Provide Data Accessors .
When working with SIMD instructions doing one calculation and four takes the same time .
But what if you do n't need the result of the four registers ?
It 's still to your advantage to replicate the result into the SIMD register , if the implementation is the same .
By replicating results into the SIMD quad - word , it can help the compiler optimize vector expressions .
For similar reasons it 's important to provide data accessors such as GetX , GetY , GetZ , and GetZ .
By providing this type of interface , and assuming the developer uses it , the vector library can minimize expensive casting operations between SIMD registers and FPU registers .
Shortly I will discuss a classic example that illustrates this problem .
Good Programming Practices For a SIMD Vector Library
Even if a well - designed vector library is available , and especially when working with SIMD instructions , you must to pay attention on how you use it .
Relying completely on the compiler to generate the best code is not a good idea .
1. Writing Expressions Friendly to The Compiler
Depending how write you code it can affect significantly the final assembled code .
Even by using robust compilers the difference will not go unnoticed .
Back to the Sine example , if that function was written by using smaller expressions the final code would have been much more efficient .
Let 's look at a new version of the same code as follows :
Vec4 VSin2 ( const Vec4& x )
{
Vec4 c1 = VReplicate ( - 1.f/6.f ) ;
Vec4 c2 = VReplicate ( 1.f/120.f ) ;
Vec4 c3 = VReplicate ( - 1.f/5040.f ) ;
Vec4 c4 = VReplicate ( 1.f/362880 ) ;
Vec4 c5 = VReplicate ( - 1.f/39916800 ) ;
Vec4 c6 = VReplicate ( 1.f/6227020800 ) ;
Vec4 c7 = VReplicate ( - 1.f/1307674368000 ) ;
Vec4 tmp0 = x ;
Vec4 x3 = x*x*x ;
Vec4 tmp1 = c 1*x3 ;
Vec4 res = tmp0 + tmp1 ;
Vec4 x5 = x3 *x *x ;
tmp0 = c2*x5 ;
res = res + tmp0 ;
Vec4 x7 = x5 *x *x ;
tmp0 = c3*x7 ;
res = res + tmp0 ;
Vec4 x9 = x7 *x *x ;
tmp0 = c4*x9 ;
res = res + tmp0 ;
Vec4 x11 = x9 *x *x ;
tmp0 = c5*x11 ;
res = res + tmp0 ;
Vec4 x13 = x11*x*x ;
tmp0 = c6*x13 ;
res = res + tmp0 ;
Vec4 x15 = x13*x*x ;
tmp0 = c7*x15 ;
res = res + tmp0 ;
return ( res ) ;
}
Now let 's compare the results .
( Click here to download the table data .
Refer to Table 3 . )
The code shrunk by almost 40 % by simply re-writing in a more friendly way to the compiler .
2. Keep Results Into SIMD Registers
As stated before , casting operation between SIMD registers and FPU registers can be expensive .
A classic example of when this happens is the " dot product " which results one scalar from two vectors , as such :
Dot ( Va , Vb ) = ( Va.x * Vb.x ) + ( Va.y * Vb.y ) + ( Va.z * Vb.z ) + ( Va.w * Vb.w ) ;
Now let 's take a look at this code snipped that uses a dot product :
Vec4& x2 = m_x [ i2 ] ; Vec4 delta = x2 - x1 ; float deltalength = Sqrt ( Dot ( delta , delta ) ) ; float diff = ( deltalength - restlength ) / deltalength ; x1 += delta*half*diff ; x2 -= delta*half * diff ;
By inspecting the code above , " deltalength " is the distance between vector " x1 " and vector " x2 " .
So the result of the " Dot " function is scalar .
Then this scalar is used and modified throughout the rest of the code to scale vector " x1 " and " x2 " .
Clearly there are lots of casting operations going on from vector to scalar and vice - versa .
This is expensive since the compiler needs to generate code that will move data from and to the SIMD and FPU registers .
However , if we assume the " Dot " function above replicates the result into the SIMD 4 - quad words and the " w " component zeroed - out , there is really no difference in re-writing the code as follows :
Vec4& x2 = m_x [ i2 ] ; Vec4 delta = x2 -x1 ; Vec4 deltalength = Sqrt ( Dot ( delta , delta ) ) ; Vec4 diff = ( deltalength- restlength ) / deltalength ; x1 += delta*half*diff ; x2 -= delta*half * diff ;
Because " deltalength " now has the same result replicated into the quad - word , the expensive casting operations are no longer necessary .
3. Re-Arrange Data to Be Friendly to SIMD operations
Whenever possible , by re-arranging your data you can take advantage of a vector library .
For example , when working with audio you can store your data stream to be SIMD friendly .
Let 's say you have four streams of audio samples stored in four different arrays as such :
Bass audio samples array :
B0 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 Etc ...
Drums audio samples array :
D0 D1 D2 D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 Etc ...
Guitar audio samples array :
G0 G1 G2 G3 G4 G5 G6 G7 Etc ...
Trumpet audio samples array :
T0 T1 T2 T3 T4 T5 T6 T7 Etc ...
But you can also interleave these audio channels and store the same data as :
Full band audio samples array :
B0 D0 G0 T0 B1 D1 G1 T1 Etc ...
The advantage is that now you can load your array directly into the SIMD registers and perform calculations on all samples simultaneously .
The disadvantage is that if you need to pass that data to another system that requires four streamlined arrays , you will have re-organize that data back to its original form .
Which can be expensive and memory intense if the vector library is not performing heavy calculations on the data .
XNA Math Library -- Can It Be Faster ?
Microsoft ships DirectX with XNA Math that runs on Windows and Xbox 360 .
XNA
Math is a vector library that has a FPU vector interface ( for backwards compatibility ) and a SIMD interface .
Although back in late 2004 I did not have access to XNA Math Library ( if it existed that time ) , I was happy to discover now that XNA Math uses the precisely the same interface I had used in VMath five years ago .
The only difference was the target platform , which was in my case was Windows , PS3 , PSP , and PS2 .
XNA Math is designed using the key features of a SIMD vector library described in here .
It returns results by values , the vector data is declared purely , it has a support for overloaded operators and procedural calls , inline all vector functions , provide data accessors , and so on .
When two independent developers come up with the same results , it 's highly likely you are close to the " as fast as it can be " .
So if you are faced with the task of coding a vector library your best bet for a cross - platform SIMD vector library is to follow the steps of XNA Math or VMath .
With that in mind , you may ask , can XNA Math be faster ?
As far as interfacing with the SIMD instructions , I do n't believe so .
However , the beauty of having the fastest interface is that what 's left is purely the implementation of the functions .
If one can come up with a faster version of a function with the same interface , it is just a matter of plugging in the new code and you are done .
But if you are working on a vector library that does not provide a good interface with the SIMD instructions , coming up with a better implementation may still leave you behind .
XNA Math vs VMath , The Heavyweight Fight !
Assuming you are working on high - level code , being faster than XNA Math is quite difficult .
The options left are : optimize its functions or find flaws on a well - revised library , if they exist .
But also as stated earlier , even if you are working with XNA Math and you do n't know how to use it to its full potential you can bloat the code and be left behind .
To attempt such a challenge I searched for algorithms that could make the difference be noticeable when compiled by VMath or XNA Math .
I knew that algorithms involving only trivial calculations would run at the same speed .
Therefore , the algorithms had to have some sort of mathematical complexity involved .
With that in mind , my final choices were to port a DSP code that performs a 3 - band equalizer on audio data and a cloth simulator .
The URLs to original sample codes can be found at the references , along with their respective authors .
I tried as much as I could to keep the original author 's code intact so that it feels like a port and not a different implementation .
The 3 - band equalizer code was straightforward , but I had to add few extra lines specifically for the cloth simulation .
During the implementation , I also included into the sample code a generic vector class , here called VClass , that does not follow the key features of VMath or XNA Math .
It 's a standard vector class where the data is encapsulated inside a class and does not provide a procedural interface .
I also ported the code to VClass just for performance comparison .
3 - Band Equalizer Case Study
For the equalizer algorithm I admittedly cheated .
There was not much I could do to my implementation of VMath compared to XNA Math .
Precisely what I did was to port the equalizer code using XNA Math and overloaded operators .
Then for VMath I did the same but using procedural calls , because I knew overloaded operators would bloat the code .
However , my cheat had a purpose , and it was again to demonstrate that even if you are working on the fastest vector library , you could fall behind if unaware of how compilers are generating the code .
Also I prepared the data to be SIMD friendly .
So the audio channels are interleaved so that the loads and stores are minimized .
However , to play the channels I had to re-organize the data to be sent to XAudio2 as four arrays of streamlined PCM audio data .
That caused lots of loads and stores .
For that reason I also included an FPU version that performs the calculations directly to another copy of the data that is stored as plain arrays of audio samples .
The only advantage of the FPU version was no re-organization of data arrays .
Click here for the assembly code generated by VMath and XNA Math -- refer to Table 4 .
The results are very similar to what I have shown during the discussion of " Overloaded Operators vs. Procedural Interface " ( Table 2 ) .
The figure below shows a screenshot of the demo with runtime statistics .
Figure .
1 - Three Band Equalizer
The final statistics are also re-written on the table below for clarity .
Library Average Time VMath ( procedural calls ) 23.79 XNA
Math ( overloaded operators ) 28.31 VClass 73.49 FPU (*) 78.09
Using VMath as reference , it was able to go approximately 16 percent faster on average than XNA Math by simply using a different interface call .
Even with massive loads and stores to re-compose the audio data to be passed to XAudio2 ; it was able to go more than three times faster than the FPU version .
Which is indeed quite impressive .
Notice also that the VClass was just only 5 percent faster than the FPU version due to the huge amount of code bloat created under the hood .
Cloth Simulation Case Study
The simulation algorithm has two main loops where most of the calculations occur .
One is the " Verlet " integrator shown below :
void Cloth :: Verlet ( )
{
XMVECTOR d1 = XMVectorReplicate ( 0.99903f ) ;
XMVECTOR d2 = XMVectorReplicate ( 0.99899f ) ;
for ( int i=0 ; i
{
XMVECTOR& x = m_x[i ] ;
XMVECTOR temp = x ;
XMVECTOR& oldx = m_oldx [ i ] ;
XMVECTOR& a = m_a[i ] ;
x += ( d1*x ) -( d2*oldx ) +a*fTimeStep*fTimeStep ;
oldx = temp ;
}
}
The second is the constraint solver that uses Gauss - Seidel iteration loop to find the solution for all constraints shown below :
void Cloth :: SatisfyConstraints ( )
{
XMVECTOR half = XMVectorReplicate ( 0.5f ) ;
for ( int j=0 ; j
{
m_x [ 0 ] = hook [ 0 ] ;
m_x[cClothWidth - 1 ] = hook [ 1 ] ;
for ( int i=0 ; i
{
XMVECTOR& x1 = m_x[i ] ;
for ( int cc=0 ; cc
{
int i2 = cnstr[ i]. cIndex[cc ] ;
XMVECTOR& x2 = m_x [i2 ] ;
XMVECTOR delta = x2 - x1 ;
XMVECTOR deltalength = XMVectorSqrt( XMVector4Dot( delta, delta ) ) ;
XMVECTOR diff = ( deltalength - restlength ) / deltalength ;
x1 += delta*half*diff ;
x2 -= delta* half * diff ;
}
}
}
}
By inspecting the code , changing overloaded operators to procedural calls wo n't do much .
The mathematical expressions are simple enough that the optimizer should generate the same code .
I also removed the floating casting from the original code as described in " Keep Results Into SIMD Registers . "
Now the loop is pretty tight and SIMD friendly , so what 's left ?
The only thing left is to look inside XNA Math to see if there is anything else that can be done .
It turned out that there was .
First by looking at the XMVector4Dot , it is implemented as :
XMFINLINE XMVECTOR XMVector4Dot( FXMVECTOR
V1 , FXMVECTOR V2 )
{ XMVECTOR vTemp2 = V2 ;
XMVECTOR vTemp = _mm_mul_ps ( V1,vTemp2 ) ;
vTemp2 = _mm_shuffle_ps(vTemp2,vTemp, _MM_SHUFFLE( 1,0,0,0 ) ) ;
vTemp2 = _mm_add_ps( vTemp2,vTemp ) ;
vTemp = _mm_shuffle_ps( vTemp, vTemp2, _MM_SHUFFLE( 0,3,0,0 ) ) ;
vTemp = _mm_add_ps( vTemp,vTemp2 ) ;
return _mm_shuffle_ps( vTemp , vTemp , _MM_SHUFFLE(
2,2,2,2 ) ) ;
}
The implementation is composed by 1 multiplication , 3 shuffles , and 2 adds .
So , I went and wrote a different SSE2 4D
Dot that produces the same results but with one less shuffle instruction , as follows :
inline Vec4 Dot( Vec4 va , Vec4 vb )
{
Vec4 t0 = _mm_mul_ps ( va , vb ) ;
Vec4 t1 = _mm_shuffle_ps ( t0 , t0 , _MM_SHUFFLE ( 1,0,3,2 ) ) ;
Vec4 t2 = _mm_add_ps ( t0 , t1 ) ;
Vec4 t3 = _mm_shuffle_ps ( t2 , t2 , _MM_SHUFFLE ( 2,3,0,1 ) ) ;
Vec4 dot = _mm_add_ps ( t3 , t2 ) ;
return ( dot ) ;
}
Unfortunately , to my surprise , my new 4D
Dot did not make much of a difference , likely because it had more interdependencies between instructions .
As I looked further , I found one puzzling detail on XNA Math .
It calls the reciprocal function to perform its divide .
In fact the function chained by multiple calls from the overloaded operator as such :
XMFINLINE XMVECTOR XMVectorReciprocal ( FXMVECTOR
V )
{
return _mm_div_ps(g_XMOne , V ) ;
}
XMFINLINE XMVECTOR operator / ( FXMVECTOR V1 , FXMVECTOR V2 )
{
XMVECTOR InvV = XMVectorReciprocal ( V2 ) ;
return XMVectorMultiply ( V1 , InvV ) ;
}
The only problem is that it loads the " g_XMOne " and then calls the intrinsics to perform the divide .
I am not quite clear why Microsoft implemented this way , but it would have been better to simply call the divide directly .
So for VMath I implemented this way , meaning without extra loads as such :
inline Vec4 VDiv( Vec4 va , Vec4 vb )
{
return ( _mm_div_ps ( va , vb ) ) ;
} ;
Now let 's look at the assembler of the " Verlet " and " Constraint Solver " using both libraries , with the small optimizations implemented in VMath .
Click here to download the Table document -- refer to Table 5 and Table 6 .
Although , I wrote the " Verlet " function using procedural calls for VMath and overloaded operators for XNA Math , there was no difference .
I expect the math expressions were not complex enough to cause code bloat .
However , the " Contraint Solver " got precisely one instruction smaller due to the faster divide .
I highlighted the extra load of the " g_XMOne " on the table that likely the cause of the extra movaps instruction .
The screen shot below shows the results .
Figure .
2 - Cloth Simulation
Library Average Time VMath ( procedural calls ) 75.78 XNA
Math ( overloaded operators ) 76.73 VClass 138.52 FPU
Not Implemented
Technically it was a knockout by VMath because of one instruction ; however , the statistics were not sufficient enough to show significant speed boost -- approximately only 1 percent faster .
In fact the results were so close that they floated depending on other factors , such as the OS doing some background tasks .
Because of this kind of result , the conclusion is that VMath and XNA Math were practically even .
Nonetheless , both libraries were able to go approximately 50 percent faster than VClass .
This is still impressive , counting the fact that the major difference is how the libraries interface with the same intrinsics .
Intel Compiler , the " Black Magic "
The Microsoft compiler that ships with Visual Studio so far performed all the tests .
Now it 's time to switch gears and compile the same code with the Intel Compiler .
I have heard about the Intel Compiler before and its reputation of being the fastest .
When I built the sample code with Intel , I was really impressed .
Indeed Intel has produced a phenomenal compiler that gave me not only faster results , generally speaking , but also unexpected ones .
Let 's start by checking out the assembler dump of the three - band equalizer compared to the code compiled using the Microsoft compiler .
Click here to download the table document -- please refer to Table 7 .
The Intel compiler was able to shrink the code by about 20 percent .
And the result for the " Verlet Integrator " and the " Constraint Solver " respectively were about 7 percent and 6 percent smaller .
But what was the real " Black Magic " was that the generic VClass made the code get even smaller .
As I inspected the code the Intel compiler does better with overloaded operators than procedural calls .
Another interesting result is that the data encapsulation inside a class bloats the code very little , and in fact for the cloth did not at all .
This made all the demo statistics flatten more or less .
Here are the screenshots of the cloth demo using the Intel Compiler .
Figure 3 - Cloth Demo Using Intel Compiler
Figure 4 - Three Band EQ Using Intel Compiler
Final Statistics
Now all the statistics together for comparison :
Conclusions
Although the Intel compiler has solved the problem of code bloat generated by data inside a class and overloaded operators , I still do not endorse this approach for a cross platform SIMD library .
This is because I have done similar tests with six different compilers GCC and SN systems for PS2 , PSP , and PS3 -- and they all produce worse results than the Microsoft compiler , meaning they bloat the code even more .
So , unless you are specifically writing a library that will only run on Windows , your best bet is to still follow the key points of this article for your SIMD vector library .
Sample Code
The sample code of this article along with all the comparison tables can be downloaded from the URL below :
http://www.guitarv.com/ComputerScience.aspx?page=articles
References :
[ 1 ] Microsoft , XNA Math Library Reference
[ 2 ] Intel , SHUFPS -- Shuffle Single - Precision Floating - Point Values
[ 3 ] Jakobsen , Thomas , Advanced Character Physics
[ 4 ] C. , Neil , 3 Band Equaliser
[ 5 ] Wikipedia , Taylor Series
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Buying plane tickets is my favorite way to spend money .
In the past few years I 've been to Iceland , Israel , Cuba , the Azores , Argentina , and more .
My Homework
Done can help with any subject , from math to biology
The oversized red neon sign of Katz 's Deli lights up the Lower East Side , a beacon to hungry New Yorkers .
Inside the cavernous wood - panelled interior , diners chow down on plates piled high with Jewish comfort food .
Behind the counter , a long line of cutters jab carving forks into metal steam boxes containing brick - red pastrami and melt - in - the - mouth corned beef .
A blast of garlicky , salty , meaty steam shoots out as they stab and prod in search of the perfect piece .
With the skill and speed of craftsmen , they hand - slice wafer - thin cuts of meat .
Regulars , brandishing dollar bills to ensure they get the best cut , sample three or four meats before selecting the one they want .
In Katz's , site of the infamous faking scene in When Harry Met Sally , the food is enough to bring on a culinary orgasm .
A fierce - looking man presides over the hot sausage plates .
Waiters dart across the floor , carrying trays groaning under the weight of food .
Opened in 1888 , when the Lower East Side was home to a large Jewish community , Katz 's bills itself as the oldest operating Jewish Deli in the world .
It has fed everyone from Sarah Jessica Parker and Spike Lee to Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Though Katz 's is besieged by tourists during the day , at night it is still home to a lively local clientele , including Joyce and Jacob Weisz .
" New York has changed but Katz 's is always the same .
The service , the staff , the banter , the food , " says Joyce .
" I 've been eating the corned beef sandwich here for 50 years and it tastes the same as it always did . "
The couple first came to Katz 's when they were courting .
" I 'd save up all week to bring Joyce here , " recalls Jacob Weisz .
The Jewish deli is as iconic a part of the New York landscape as the Empire State Building and the Statue of Liberty .
But though in a handful of establishments you can still find enough knishes , kishkes and kreplach to keep the New York winter chill at bay , these culinary institutions are under threat .
In 1931 there were 1,550 Jewish delis in New York City ; today just two dozen remain .
They are the victim of spiralling rents , the dispersal of Jewish communities , a decline in people keeping kosher and the rise of healthy eating .
With a menu heavy on red meat , fat , salt and carbs , Jewish food is nothing if not artery - clogging .
Gribenes – chicken skins fried in chicken fat – is a sumptuous mouth sensation , though less kind to the waistline .
" It 's hard work , the deli business .
You have to be prepared to get your hands dirty , " says Katz 's co-owner Alan Dell .
" A lot of people who ran mom-and - pop delis wanted their children to have a better life so they sent them to college and the family tradition died out . "
Once upon a time , you could n't walk a block in the Lower East Side without being hit by the meaty aroma wafting through the doors of one deli or another .
" You had this concentration of Jewish workers who needed kosher food and these pickled and preserved foods were cheap , filling sustenance , " says David Sax , a lifelong deli lover and author of Save the Deli .
Today there is only Katz 's left in what was once a thriving immigrant community .
The delis , Jewish tailors and other immigrant businesses have been swept away by gentrification to make way for an influx of trendy bars and designer boutiques .
After noticing the same trend in his native Canada , Sax got the idea for his book .
He says : " I spoke to lots of deli owners and they all had the same story ; the deli was in peril . "
Sax 's research took him coast to coast across America , through Canada , London , Paris , Krakow and Brussels .
" Each place I went to , the deli had been strongly influenced by the community it existed in , " he says .
" New Yorkers have this idea that good delis do n't exist outside the five boroughs but it 's not true .
There are great delis everywhere .
The Jewish delis in the UK are as good , and in many respects better , than anywhere in the world , including New York . "
Sax kept a blog , www.savethedeli.com, during his trip .
He also took up jogging to counteract the unavoidable damage eating in up to four delis a day would do to his weight .
Everywhere he went , deli owners pulled up an extra table and brought out trays of food for him to sample .
Mishmosh , p'tcha , pickled tongue , brisket , kasha varnishkes , tzimmes , speck , chopped liver , blintzes with apple sauce ...
" Sometimes they'd get really offended if I could n't eat it all , " says Sax with a chuckle .
Delis sprang up wherever there was a concentration of Jews .
In New York , they thrived in the theatre district , the garment district and the Lower East Side .
They were a mishmash of influences from Poland , Romania , Germany , Hungary , Russia and beyond but New York Jews made the deli their own .
Hubs of stodgy comfort food and crackling conversation , they became the place where generations of writers , theatrical agents , tailors and the rest would go to kvetch ( grumble ) and gossip .
Come election time , the deli becomes a powerful symbol as politicians chow down for the cameras .
Presidential candidate George McGovern committed career suicide during his 1972 campaign against Richard Nixon when he walked into a delicatessen in the Lower East Side and ordered a " kosher hot dog and a glass of milk " , breaking the basic kosher rule of not mixing meat and dairy .
Nixon easily won New York .
Today only a small fraction of American delis are kosher .
The costs of being certified and ensuring all products comply , coupled with the fact that fewer Jews keep kosher these days , has made it a luxury few can afford in today 's climate .
Another factor in the deli's demise is the low margins of its star attraction : the meat sandwich .
" You might make 10 per cent profit because the meat is so expensive and there 's so much of it , " says Sax .
Shrinking portion sizes is not an option .
" This is the food of poor immigrants .
To have a full stomach was the best thing in the world , " he adds .
In the early days of the deli , before refrigeration , everybody cured their own meat , made their own pickles , and bought bread from a neighbouring bakery .
Now , most American delis order products in , and many recipes grandma used to make have been dropped from the menu to reflect changing tastes .
In Jewish delis in the UK , traditions that have fallen out of fashion in the US are still rigorously upheld .
All the delis Sax visited in London continue to slice meat by hand – compared with just four in the whole of America .
Good meat , a deli connoisseur will tell you , should be so tender that it will fall apart unless cut by hand .
And while most American delis buy in their meat products , in the UK they continue to be pickled in barrels in the store .
" The places I visited in the UK were very much rooted in their Jewishness in a way they are n't any more in the US , " says Sax .
In New York 's Upper West Side , the dining room of Barney Greengrass , founded in 1908 , looks like a museum piece .
The tables are formica , crockery is chipped and the walls look as if they have n't seen a fresh coat of paint since the old ladies at the next table were in kindergarten .
But all this is part of the cosy , careworn charm .
A few ageing regulars shoot the breeze but otherwise it 's quiet on a weekday afternoon .
Billing itself as " the sturgeon king " , Barney Greengrass is also famed for its white fish , salmon and sable .
Over the years regulars here included Groucho Marx , Irving Berlin , Al Jolson and Alfred Hitchcock who reputedly had 10lb of fatty sturgeon flown to him in LA .
Today the waiter serves everyone in his own good time and schmoozes like a character in a Woody Allen movie .
He says : " Young Jewish immigrants are more assimilated , they have less of a connection to the food .
They eat deli once a month or on special occasions , not every week like we used to . "
Abe Lebewohl , the original owner of the famous Second Avenue Deli , used to joke with customers " my food will kill you " .
In 2006 , spiralling rents forced the Second Avenue Deli to close .
Its reopening on East 33rd Street , after a two - year absence , has been hailed by some as a sign that the deli will rise from the ashes .
Other old - timers include the Stage and Carnegie Deli , where the theatrical agents meet to swap stories in the Woody Allen film Broadway Danny Rose .
The Carnegie offers a sandwich named after the director , consisting of " lotsa corned beef and lotsa pastrami " which weighs in at only slightly less than the great man himself .
But while the food takes centre - stage , the experience of eating deli is about more than what you put in your mouth .
" It 's about tradition , nostalgia and schmoozing , " says Second Avenue Deli regular Sylvie Berger , tucking into a bowl of steaming matzo ball soup .
In the past every deli had its shtick and the service could be gruff .
That too has changed .
" You would n't stay in business if you abused your customers like that these days , " laughs Katz 's Alan Dell nostalgically .
Despite the changes , Dell is optimistic : " A world without delis would be like a world without Italian restaurants .
It just ai n't gonna happen . "
Got my secret santa gift ( or should I say gifts ? ) today .
A coffee mug with everyone 's favorite chemical on it and a huge paperclip .
This thing is about 3 pounds of solid metal .
I 'm tempted to turn in my thesis proposal using this clip ! :)
AL - AIN , United Arab Emirates ( Reuters ) 
A member of Abu Dhabi ’s ruling family was found not guilty on Sunday of the torture and rape of an Afghan man in a case that embarrassed the Persian Gulf emirate and raised questions over human rights .
The judge did not give a reason why the family member , Sheik Issa bin Zayed al - Nahyan , was exonerated of responsibility for the abuse , which had been captured on video and was broadcast last year by the American television network ABC .
But a lawyer for the sheik said that his client was found to have “ diminished liability ” because two former business associates had drugged him and taken the video to extort money from him .
The two men , the Lebanese - American brothers Bassam and Ghassan Nabulsi , were sentenced in absentia to five years and fined $ 2,723 for what the judge said was drugging , recording and publishing a video , and blackmail .
The idea that glass after being formed is in a state of flux concerns the belief , held by many , that because glass is a " super cooled liquid " it actually has a degree of " flow " at temperatures within the human comfort range .
This urban legend would have us believe that the windows in colonial homes and in very old stained glass windows are thicker at the bottom than at the top because glass is a " supercooled liquid " and is slowly flowing .
Ahh that pesky gravity .
The acceptance of that story is not based on fact but on a mythological story that has been circulating for many many years .
( I read it on the internet so it must be true ) .
There was a time , in the dim dark past that , in my ignorance I believed in the myth of glass flow .
Without question I accepted the myth of glass flow .
My blind acceptance of what I thought passed for fact should not be a trait of the curious mind .
What could I have been thinking when I accepted the " fact " that the Rose Window would soon spill out of the confines of the lead cames that have held it in place all these years .
Okay , lets get to the heart of the myth of glass flow , but before reading on do some research and look up the word " poise " and then when you understand what poise is then look up the poise of lead and glass .
If you 're still a believer in glass flow after that then Read On !
I was made aware of the fallacy of the glass flows myth many years ago by the late great glass chemist , Nick Labino .
Nick offered this simple analogy , " ... if the windows found in early Colonial American homes were thicker at the bottom than the top because of " flow " then the glass found in Egyptian Tombs should be a puddle . "
Wow , that was a shocker .
And there 's this one from Wikipedia , " If glass flows at a rate that allows changes to be seen with the naked eye after centuries , then the effect should be noticeable in antique telescopes .
Any slight deformation in the antique telescopic lenses would lead to a dramatic decrease in optical performance , a phenomenon that is not observed " .
I just love real world examples !
For those of you that are still skeptical I cite research that tells us that although 1 / 2 of the glass in old stained glass windows is thicker at the bottom , take three guesses where the other half are thicker and the first two guesses do n't count .
You got it , sides and top .
Hmmm , what do you suppose that indicates ?
In other words , if glass flowed then ALL the glass in antique windows would be thicker at the bottom and research tells us that 's not true .
If you still do n't believe it , read below what the brainiacs have to say .
When that know - it - all antique dealer whips out the urban legend of glass flow , send him or her to this page .
After they read all the information below and they still refuse to believe that glass does n't flow have them email me with a reason other than " thicker at the bottom . "
Finally , Dr. Neumann relates the following .
Read this carefully : " In other words , while some antique windowpanes are thicker at the bottom , there are no statistical studies to show that all or most antique windowpanes are thicker at the bottom than at the top .
The variations in thickness of antique windowpanes has nothing to do with whether glass is a solid or a liquid ; its cause lies in the glass manufacturing process employed at the time , which made the production of glass panes of constant thickness quite difficult . "
What Dr. Neuman and Labino is saying is that if glass flowed , all the glass that comprised antique windows should be thicker at the bottom , but we know that is just not true .
Authors note :
In the real world glass is for all intents and purposes ( in every practical sense ) frozen in place but in the laboratory physicists are still at work proving that there is some movement as purported in this abstract sent to me by Dan Watts .
The abstract is a real page turner .
Big tobacco companies contributed $ 67,000 to Utah office holders and their political action committees in 2009 , as lawmakers wrangle over whether to nearly triple the state ’s cigarette tax .
Many elected officials in Utah — including Gov. Gary Herbert and Senate President Michael Waddoups — refuse contributions from alcohol and tobacco companies .
But more than a third of legislators did receive money from Altria Client Services Inc. and Reynolds American Inc.
Altria is the parent company of Phillip Morris , the maker of Marlboro and other brands and the nation ’s largest cigarette maker .
Reynolds American Inc. makes Camel cigarettes and other brands .
“ Just personally , it concerns me that the money [ legislators ] receive came from the poison these folks sold and I wish they were a little more discrete about accepting it , ” said Michael Siler , government relations director for the Utah chapter of the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network .
Senate Majority Leader Sheldon Killpack , who received $ 1,500 last year from Altria , said he has no problem taking the money and disclosing it , but it does n’t affect his votes .
“ If you ca n’t look at somebody straight in the face and take their money and vote according to your conscience , you probably should n’t take the money , ” Killpack said .
Waddoups said he no longer accepts contributions from tobacco companies , after constituents voiced objections .
However , the Senate Leadership
Political Action Committee , which Waddoups and other members of Senate leadership lead , received a total of $ 14,000 from Altria and Reynolds .
Herbert received a $ 5,000 contribution from Altria last year .
But a spokeswoman said the governor has a policy against taking money from alcohol and tobacco companies and the contribution was returned .
More than 80 percent of Utah lawmakers are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , which eschews tobacco use .
The state has the lowest rate of tobacco use in the country , with less than 10 percent of the population using cigarettes .
Rep. Craig Frank , R - Cedar Hills , who received $ 500 from Altria , said he can separate the contribution from the issues before legislators .
“ They ’re not buying my vote , ” said Frank , who also co-chairs the House Conservative Caucus , which received $ 1,500 from Altria .
“ The money that ’s given to legislators related to tobacco PACs and corporations is something that I think represents the people who work at the companies . ”
Bill Phelps , a spokesman for Altria , said political participation is “ vital to our democracy . ”
“ We actively engage on public policy issues that affect our business and by engaging with everyone , from government officials to consumers , the company works to pursue a responsible approach to issues that affect our company , ” Phelps said .
Siler said he believes the tobacco companies ’ political contributions show that they ’re worried about a tobacco tax increase passing this session .
Sen .
Allen Christensen will once again sponsor legislation this year that would raise
Utah ’s cigarette tax to $ 2 per pack — a substantial increase from the 69.5 cents per pack tax now in place .
Christensen said there is overwhelming public support for the bill , but he knows the tobacco companies will come after the bill with lobbyists and campaign money .
“ There are some lobbyists on this Hill who do n’t believe in tobacco , but they ’ve sold their soul for the dollars and they ’ve talked themselves into believing it ’s OK , ” Christensen said .
“ If you have enough of them and they lobby long and hard enough and tell the same lie over and over , sooner or later some of [ the legislators ] start to believe it . ”
But Killpack says it ’s disingenuous for proponents of the tobacco tax hike to argue they are concerned about smokers ’ health and costs related to their illness , and then use the money to alleviate state budget woes .
Christensen says he does n’t care what is done with the money — his focus is on the nearly 12,000 people who , it is projected , would quit smoking and 2,400 lives that could be saved due to a tax hike .
Top Recipients of Tobacco Dollars :
» Senate Republican Campaign Committee : $ 14,000
» Utah House Republican Election Committee : $ 5,500
» Gov. Gary Herbert : $ 5,000 *
» Utah State Democratic Party : $ 3,500
» Utah State Republican Party : $ 3,000
» Attorney General Mark Shurtleff : $ 3,000
» Sen. Stephen Urquhart : $ 2,000
» House Democratic Caucus : $ 2,000
» House Speaker David Clark : $ 1,500
» Senate Majority Leader Sheldon Killpack : $ 1,500
» House Conservative Caucus : $ 1,500
* Note : Herbert ’s office said the contribution was accepted by mistake and has been returned .
Source : Campaign finance disclosures filed with the Utah Lieutenant Governor ’s office .
By Robert Gehrke
The Salt Lake Tribune
01/13/2010
Old Show , New Season : “ Scrubs ”
When “ Scrubs ” wrapped its eighth season earlier this year , it did so with the presumption that it was offering viewers a final farewell to its characters .
J.D. ( Zach Braff ) and Elliott ( Sarah Chalke ) spent the season finally settling into a groove as a couple , and in the 2 - part finale , we watched J.D. make the most mature decision of his life : to leave Sacred Heart in order to take a job which would allow him to live closer to his son .
If you followed the show throughout its run , it ’s hard to imagine that you did n’t get misty as he took his final stroll down the hospital ’s corridors , revisiting the memories of former friends , lovers , colleagues , and patients , and even if you did somehow make it through without dry eyes , the combination of having Peter Gabriel ’s cover of the Magnetic Fields ’
“ The Book of Love ” play over a montage of J.D. ’s possible future was enough to kickstart anyone ’s tear ducts .
It was , most fans agreed , the perfect way to close out the “ Scrubs ” story .
As such , when it was announced that 1 ) ABC had offered Bill Lawrence the chance to continue “ Scrubs ” for a 9th season , and 2 ) he had accepted their offer , fans immediately split into two camps : those who felt that Lawrence was betraying the legacy of the series by not leaving well enough alone and leaving them with their perfect ending , and those who were excited at the prospect of seeing the series continue .
The phrase “ legacy shmegacy ” quickly became a staple of Lawrence ’s interviews ( such as , for instance , this one ) , and he soon revealed that Season 9 of the show would feel almost like a spin - off , taking Drs. Cox ( John C. McGinley ) and Turk ( Donald Faison ) , turning them into med school professors , and exploring the world of first - year medical students …or , as he said to Michael Ausiello when the announcement was first made , “ It ’ll be a lot like ‘ The Paper Chase ’ as a comedy . ”
But while that ’s a great reference to endear TV critics to its premise , is the concept enough to bring back those who were quite happy with the show reaching its logical conclusion at the end of Season 8 ?
If it is n’t , then maybe Zach Braff will be .
At first , it was implied that Braff would only be returning for a few episodes , with rumors abounding that ABC was pushing for the show to add a “ big name ” to its cast to keep the ratings momentum moving along ; instead , he will actually appear in half of the episodes this season , with Lawrence rationalizing that , all things considered , Braff is a pretty big name in his own right .
At the very least , his presence will surely inspire some of the on - the - fence fans to give the new version of the show a shot , and the same goes for Sarah Chalke , who will be turning up on a semi- regular basis as well .
Although we saw Dr. Kelso ( Ken Jenkins ) drive off into the sunset at the end of Season 8 , he must have turned around at some point , since he ’ll also be teaching a class at the medical school , and as the ever - abrasive Denise ( Eliza Coupe ) was deemed way too good a character to leave behind , she ’ll be working with Professors Cox , Dorian , Kelso , and Turk as a teaching assistant .
But , wait , now you ’re wondering about everyone else , too , so I ’d better get them out of the way , too .
What of Carla ?
Well , since Judy Reyes was reportedly only interested in reprising her role in a full - time capacity , we apparently wo n’t be seeing her for the foreseeable future , but we were given the impression that Carla was probably going to be transitioning from nurse to homemaker , anyway , so it ’s easy enough to buy that .
Christa Miller ’s pretty busy over on “ Cougar Town , ” so there ’s no sign of Jordan at the moment , but given that she works for the same network and that she ’s married to the man behind both shows , let ’s just say that it would n’t be impossible that she could turn up .
( In fact , the word probable might even be appropriate , but you did n’t hear that from me . )
Neil Flynn ’s gig on “ The Middle ” is keeping him hopping , too , but The Janitor will rear his head briefly tonight , and Ted the Lawyer ( Sam Lloyd ) will turn up in the near future , with his significant other , The Gooch ( Kate Micucci ) , in tow .
Okay , now you know that there ’ll be plenty of old faces around to make you feel at home .
So how about the new faces ?
ABC kicks off the return of the series with two new episodes , but if you ca n’t wait ’til then to find out if “ Scrubs : Med School ” – yes , Lawrence won his fight with ABC to add an era-differentiating subtitle to the series – will permanently taint your memories of the preceding eight seasons , then you ’ll probably want to read on .
Be forewarned , however , that there are SPOILERS in your immediate future , so those who wish to remain blissfully ignorant until 9 PM should bail out now .
Just be sure to come back later to offer your thoughts about the show ’s return .
Things kick off with a couple of quick revelations to clarify just how much time has passed since we last saw Dr. John Dorian : not only has Sacred Heart been torn down and subsequently rebuilt on the nearby med school campus , where he ’s going to be serving as a professor , but Elliott is seven months pregnant with his child .
Okay , fair enough , there was always going to be a certain amount of stage - setting to kickstart the new premise …even if it does feel a bit rushed … and after giving us a few moments to enjoy the J.D. / Elliott interaction , things quickly transition into meet - and - greet mode with the introduction of the new students .
Lucy ( Kerry Bishé ) :
All you really need to know is that she ’s constantly cheery , naively optimistic , and – what luck !
– she enjoys maintaining an internal monologue and drifting into fantasy sequences .
Cole ( Dave Franco ) : a typical trust - fund jackass who believes that he can get away with saying and doing anything he wants , no matter how ignorant and offensive it may be , simply because his dad ’s a major benefactor .
Drew ( Michael Mosley ) : the oldest member of the class .
In fact , he ’s a second - timer at med school , but after bombing out his first time and then basically bombing out at life in general since then , he ’s giving it another go .
These are n’t the only three new faces you ’ll see , of course , but they ’re the only ones that matter for the time being .
Although I ’m sure they ’ll be further developed as things move forward , you ’ll instantly be struck by how Lucy feels like an unabashed amalgam of J.D. and Elliott , and even though Cole will make you laugh quite a lot during the course of the first two episodes , he ’s such an ass that you ’ll be rooting for his comeuppance to come sooner than later .
There ’s a lot of potential in Drew , however : he ’s the elder of the group , so his classmates rally around him ( after being maliciously steered in that direction by Denise ) , but all he wants to do is fly under the radar and see if his second go - round at med school can go better than his first , which makes Dr. Cox ’s decision to latch onto him as his # 1 student all the funnier .
The good news : John C. McGinley has accepted the challenge to become the John Houseman of his generation , and based on his performance here , he ’s taking it very , very seriously .
We all know that Dr. Cox does n’t suffer fools gladly , and his limited tolerance for “ newbies ” is well documented , so you can imagine just how much fun there is to be had by letting him loose before a classroom of first - year medical students , especially when his first words to them are an assurance that medicine is a dead career .
In short , McGinley shines like a freaking star in these episodes .
Unfortunately , the same can’t really be said for Donald Faison , who spends most of his onscreen appearances indulging in “ guy love ” with Zach Braff , with not nearly enough time spent establishing his new identity as a professor …and while it ’s all fine and well to see J.D. and Turk interacting again , were n’t we supposed to be focusing more on the new students ?
Do n’t get me wrong , a considerable amount of time is dedicated to Lucy , Cole , and Drew , and there ’s clearly a concerted effort to use Denise as the middle ground between the students and the professors , but at the moment , the whole thing still seems structured to keep the focus on the old faces .
Obviously , they ’re going to serve as the link between the two incarnations of the show , and you know ABC wants to make the most of Zach Braff while they have him , but it feels like there ’s too much J.D. in these episodes , especially since the show is n’t about him anymore .
The internal monologue hand - off from J.D. to Lucy is perfect , but instead of leaving the device solely to her , we ’re now going to be getting them from both characters , which feels wrong somehow .
Also , despite the fact that J.D. gets some extremely funny moments during the course of the episodes , those who believed that J.D. had finally grown up at the end of Season 8 may be left feeling as though the character has taken two steps back .
I ’ll be very curious to see how fans react to “ Scrubs : Med School , ” specifically if they ’ll accept what they see of the new characters enough to want to keep watching them .
Drew ’s already on the right path , and despite the fact that Lucy and Cole currently seem less like fleshed - out characters than pencil sketches waiting to be filled in , there ’s every reason to believe that they ’ll expand once they get the chance .
Right now , though , it ’s a matter of figuring out the right formula of old cast and new cast , and since some viewers are tuning in solely to see the former , those are going to be some incredibly difficult calculations to work out .
It a freaking Bacon watch .
How cool is this .
I am still in shock .
I did n't even know they existed .
It 's just simply amazing .
Thank you so much .
I also got children of men .
I have seen it before and like it .
So it 's nice to have it in my collection .
Thanks again ,
You are the best .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai has warned that it will take 15 years before the country is able to pay for the cost of its own security forces .
After talks with visiting US Defence Secretary Robert Gates , Mr Karzai said he hoped the US and the international community would continue funding them .
Mr Gates said the US would not turn away from Afghanistan and abandon it .
His unannounced arrival in Kabul came a week after US President Barack Obama said he was sending 30,000 more troops .
Nato member states have agreed to deploy another 7,000 soldiers between them .
On Sunday , the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm Mike Mullen , bluntly told troops in Kentucky : " We are not winning , which means we are losing .
" As we are losing , the message traffic out there to [ militant ] recruits keeps getting better and better and more keep coming , " he said .
Meanwhile , in a sign of the country 's security difficulties , there were reports on Tuesday that Afghan officers had opened fire during a protest by villagers over the deaths of civilians , which they say occurred during a Nato operation .
According to one report , the Afghan soldiers fired into the air , but at least one person was killed .
' Long - term partners '
At a joint news conference at the presidential palace in Kabul on Monday , Mr Gates was keen to stress that the US would not desert Afghanistan , despite Mr Obama 's announcement that a gradual military withdrawal could begin in 18 months .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The two countries would need to be long - term partners , he said .
The defence secretary said Mr Karzai needed to take a tougher line on corruption , but added that many ministers were competent and did not need to be replaced when a new cabinet is announced in the coming days .
Mr Karzai said he was committed to doing so and that he would inform parliament of the names of a number of proposed ministers .
Both men then agreed that it was a priority to strengthen the Afghan security forces in order to help international troops tackle insurgents .
But Mr Karzai warned that it would be a long time before Afghanistan would be able to pay the cost of maintaining its own army and police force , which the US wants to quadruple in size to 400,000 troops by 2013 .
" We hope that the international community and the United States , as our first ally , will help Afghanistan reach the ability to sustain a force , " he said .
" Afghanistan is looking forward to taking over responsibility in terms of paying for its forces and delivering to its forces with its own resources , but that will not be for another 15 years . "
The US wants the number of Afghan security personnel to rise to 400,000 But Mr Karzai was also cautiously optimistic that his country would be able to begin taking over responsibility for security in some " critical " parts of the country within two years , before taking charge nationwide in five years ' time .
The president later condemned what his office said was the killing of six civilians in an overnight operation by Nato - led forces in the eastern province of Laghman .
" Coalition forces in Afghanistan carried out an operation near the capital of Laghman in Armul village , " a statement said .
" As a result of which , six innocent civilians , including one woman , were martyred . "
Local residents have protested against the civilian deaths , which they and provincial officials say number 12 .
One report suggests that at least one person was killed during a protest about the deaths , when Afghan soldiers fired into the air .
The Nato - led International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) said its troops killed seven militants and detained another four after coming under hostile fire while pursuing a member of the Taliban responsible for suicide bombings in the area .
" We are aware of civilian casualty allegations , however there are no operational reports to substantiate those claims of harming civilians , including women and children , during this operation , " said a spokeswoman , Capt Jane Campbell .
Tackling corruption
On his way to Kabul , Mr Gates told reporters he believed the US had mistakenly abandoned Afghanistan after Soviet troops withdrew and understood that Afghans feared they would be left to fight the Taliban alone .
He said he would assure Mr Karzai and his advisers that " we are not going to repeat the situation in 1989 " and that " we intend to be their partner for a long time to come " .
" As the security situation improves and we 're able , over time , to reduce our forces , the civilian , developmental , economic and other kinds of relations between us will become the predominant part of the relationship , " he added .
As the security situation improves and we 're able to reduce our forces , the civilian , developmental , economic and other kinds of relations between us will become the predominant part of the relationship
US Defence Secretary Robert Gates Mr Gates also said the US would be " watching the appointments that get made " in Afghanistan 's new cabinet , and that it was important to have " capable and honest ministers " in the crucial roles .
The BBC's Martin Patience in Kabul says the US is running out of patience with Afghan promises to tackle corruption and now wants to see clear action taken against senior officials found to be corrupt .
On Tuesday , the mayor of Kabul , Abdul Ahad Sahebi , said he would appeal against a four - year prison sentence for corruption .
Mr Sahebi was found guilty in absentia on Monday of awarding a contract without opening it up to competition , and was ordered to repay $ 16,000 ( £ 9,800 ) that was allegedly lost as a result .
But he told a news conference in Kabul that he was the victim of a plot by " powerful people " .
It was the first conviction of a senior Afghan official since Mr Karzai came under international pressure to tackle corruption following his disputed re-election .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Click for large .
Two versions of W Magazine cover featuring Demi Moore , one for the US edition , one for Korea .
Note the apparent difference in the area around the hip .
Comparison here . )
Lawyers representing Demi Moore sent a threatening letter to Boing Boing over the holidays which demanded that we remove a post I published in November , or face legal consequences .
In the referenced Boing Boing post , I published photographer Anthony Citrano 's speculation that a recent W Magazine cover image of the actress may have been crudely manipulated by magazine staff to alter her hip , and appear thinner .
Here is a copy of the letter sent by Demi Moore 's attorneys to Boing Boing ( PDF ) .
And here is Boing Boing 's response to Ms. Moore 's attorneys ( PDF ) , prepared by Marc Mayer of the law firm MS&K .
The letter is a thing of beauty , and I encourage you to read it in full .
The letter from Moore 's attorney , Martin D. ( " Marty " )
Singer , claims that we set out to slander Moore ( Boing Boing did not , nor did Mr. Citrano ) .
The letter also includes denials from people involved in the production of the W Magazine cover who insist that the image was not manipulated at all .
Since receiving this letter , we have discovered that an alternate , and seemingly more anatomically correct version of the W magazine cover ( with more hip - flesh ) was published in W's South Korean edition .
We have also been informed that Ms. Moore 's attorneys have sent similar letters to other blogs that discussed the possible digital alteration of the US cover image .
The story is now being covered by a number of other news organizations and blogs .
A little background : Digital manipulation of photo and video content ( good , bad , or disastrous ) is an often - revisited subject here on Boing Boing .
A quick Google search reveals that more than 3,600 items in the boingboing .
net archives reference the digital alteration of images with Photoshop .
A series of Boing Boing posts in September and October of this year examining how a Ralph Lauren model was slimmed to impossibly slender proportions became the subject of widespread media interest , and legal threats directed at this blog from Ralph Lauren 's camp .
But fashion photos are n't the only digitally altered images to have been discussed on Boing Boing .
Sometimes the " Photoshop Disasters " we blog have more critical news value .
Back in 2008 , I blogged about an image credited to Iran 's state - run media agency that showed multiple missiles defiantly shooting into the sky .
The LA Times , New York Times and other major news organizations ran the image as legitimate .
Our readers and other " citizen forensic analysts " discussed the image , and proved it to have been altered to fake the appearance of more missiles , thereby implying greater military strength on Iran 's part .
Still earlier , in 2003 , our readers spotted and discussed an anomaly within a photo about soldiers in Iraq published in the New York Times .
And way back in 2001 , we blogged about a hoaxed image that purported to be an unaltered shot taken seconds before a plane crashed into the World Trade Center on 9/11 .
So , back to Ms. Moore : On November 17 , 2009 , I published the Boing Boing post titled " Was Demi Moore Ralph - Laurenized on ' W ' mag cover , with missing hip - flesh ? . "
This post consisted entirely of a guest editorial of sorts from Anthony Citrano , a Los Angeles - based professional photographer with whom I am socially acquainted .
In the post , Mr. Citrano examined the possibility that a W Magazine cover featuring Demi Moore had been digitally altered in a manner that left clues indicating it had been altered .
Specifically , it looked like a portion of her hip had gone missing .
Before I published the Boing Boing post , the Gawker Media blog Jezebel had already asked the same questions , and other blogs and news / tabloid websites soon followed .
Within days , Ms. Moore responded on Twitter to deny that her hips had been digitally altered ( " Here is the original image people my hips were not touched do n't let these people bullshit you ! " ) , and linked to another version of the W Magazine cover shot which she claimed was " the original image . "
I promptly published another Boing Boing post with the full text of Ms. Moore 's denial , and an offer from Mr. Citrano to make a $ 5,000 donation to a charity of Ms. Moore 's choosing if the image she 'd published were provably the unretouched original .
Boing Boing commenters discussed the possibilities that the disputed image was or was not retouched , and the technical methods one might employ to alter , or detect alterations , in such an image .
The UK newspaper Telegraph went so far as to publish an article speculating that Ms. Moore 's head may have been photoshopped onto another model 's body .
Interest in the story gradually fizzled out on our blog , and other websites where the matter had been discussed .
But then , weeks later , we received a letter from Mr. Singer , the attorney representing Ms. Moore .
So did Jezebel , Anthony Citrano , and the blog Oh No They Didn't .
Citrano published a detailed post examining image forensics .
Links to all known responses , and to ensuing media coverage , at the bottom of this post .
If there is any party we feel is due criticism , it is not Moore , a beautiful 47 - year - old who proves that age is no impediment to youth — but rather those who apparently feel that no - one is fit to be seen without some aspect of his or her appearance being " worked . "
In fact , it 's now practically unheard of for an image to go from camera to press without some degree of digital manipulation .
When fashion photographers Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott write ( in the statement accompanying the letter we received from Ms. Moore 's attorney ) that no retouching whatsoever was done to Moore 's hips , waist or legs , it 's an unusual claim : perhaps they would consider releasing other photographs from the shoot to help clear up the matter .
At no point was it the intent of this blog , or this blogger , to insult or offend Ms. Moore , who has embraced the openness of internet culture by way of frequent and intimate Twitter updates .
Discussions about whether and / or how a widely circulated image may have been altered are common here on Boing Boing .
We are a blog about digital culture , after all , and the technical and creative details that go into producing the images we consume are an essential part of our culture .
Yes , the discussion at hand is only about an image of a celebrity on the cover of a fashion magazine .
But the ability to freely discuss the provenance and technical history of a photo , including those with more crucial news value — say , images of detainee abuse , or Iranian missles — is a freedom we believe should be preserved .
Image comparison below , courtesy Boing Boing reader Mark Koeppen .
RELATED URLS :
Letter sent by Demi Moore 's attorneys to Boing Boing ( PDF ) .
Response to Ms. Moore 's attorneys , prepared by Marc Mayer of MS&K .
Demi Moore cover image , " W Magazine Korea " and direct JPG link .
Demi Moore cover image , W Magazine US
Anthony Citrano's responses to threat letter from Demi Moore 's attorneys :
1 ) first response blog post
2 ) Singer 's letter to Citrano , published in PDF
3 ) blog post on Korean W Magazine cover
Jezebel 's response to threat letter from Demi Moore 's attorneys .
Oh No They Didn't responds to threat letter from Demi Moore 's attorneys
NEWS LINKS : Media coverage of the controversy over threat letters sent by Demi Moore 's attorneys :
New York Magazine
New York Post
Litigation and Trial ( legal affairs blog )
MSNBC
The Sun
MediaPost
Techdirt
Huffington Post
NBC New York
Contactmusic
Politics Daily
Correio 24 Horas ( Brazil )
The Hollywood Reporter , Esq .
US Magazine
Related reading : Wikipedia entry on " The Streisand Effect . "
Boy , was THIS an absolutely insane game !
It was n't that much of Bullet Hell , because I have honestly seen worse .
It certainly achieved its goal of being completely insane !
I did n't even have any idea what I was doing at first .
I mostly just pushed whatever buttons were around ( or the mouse if that counts as a button ) .
This is a very nicely done game .
I especially love all the wonderful sounds .
I think there 's some high voice at one point , but I do n't even know if that is a voice .
It 's a game that certainly took a lot of creativity to make .
The bullets ( or whatever those black things are ) look very cool too .
Even though you did n't win an award , you still got a ton of reviews .
( CNN ) -- Los Angeles prosecutors argued Friday against allowing director Roman Polanski , under house arrest at his Swiss chalet , to be sentenced in absentia after making " a mockery of our criminal justice system " for more than three decades .
The famed director , who pleaded guilty to having unlawful sex with a 13 - year - old girl in 1977 , has been the subject of an international extradition battle since he was arrested in September on a U.S. fugitive warrant .
Polanski's attorney , Chad Hummel , has been pushing for Polanski to be sentenced without having to return to Los Angeles .
Prosecutors have vigorously opposed sentencing him in absentia .
In court papers filed Friday , Deputy District Attorney David Walgren stated the reasons in no uncertain terms .
" The defendant is a fugitive , " Walgren wrote .
" A fugitive child rapist , who for 32 years has made a mockery of our criminal justice system , should not be given the power or authority to request anything of this court until he , the criminal , acknowledges this court 's lawful authority by surrendering on his outstanding warrant . "
Walgren added that the only just solution would be for Polanski to waive extradition .
" The operation of a fair and equitable judicial system mandates that criminals , even those with celebrity status and wealthy means , abide by lawful court orders , " he wrote .
Compelling Polanski to obey the court 's order " is the only way the integrity of our system can possibly be maintained , " he concluded .
Hummel could not be reached for comment following Friday 's court filings .
For years , Polanski , 76 , and various lawyers have made quiet overtures to resolve the case , but negotiations have always bogged down over prosecutors ' insistence that he return to the United States and appear in a Los Angeles courtroom .
Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza has scheduled a hearing next Friday on whether to sentence Polanski in absentia .
A California appeals court raised the possiblity last year , when it rejected Polanski's bid to have the case dismissed .
The long - running legal dispute began when Polanski pleaded guilty in to having unlawful sex with a 13 - year - old girl .
He was 43 at the time .
Prosecutors dropped rape and other charges in exchange for the guilty plea .
But Polanski fled the country before he was sentenced after learning that the judge might not go along with the short jail term Polanski expected to get in exchange for his plea .
He has been a fugitive since 1978 and lived in France before his arrest .
Swiss authorities released the director from jail on $ 4.5 million bail in early December " pending extradition " to the United States .
In the past , Espinoza acknowledged problems with the way Polanski's case was handled years ago , mentioning a documentary film that portrays backroom deals between prosecutors and a media - obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison .
" It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " Espinoza said at an earlier heariing
Dvid Wells , a former Los Angeles prosecutor now retired , was featured in the documentary , " Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired . "
Although he had never been assigned to handle the Polanski case , Wells claimed to have goaded the judge .
He later recanted during an interview with CNN , saying he had inflated his importance in the celebrity case because he did n't think the documentary would be shown in the United States .
It was broadcast in 2008 on HBO , which like CNN is part of Time - Warner .
Polanski's victim came forward long ago and has made her identity public , saying she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled .
Samantha Geimer , now in her 40s and a married mother of three , HAS called for the case to be tossed out .
Her attorney , Larry Silver , reiterated her position last month , saying details of the case harm her every time the story is in the news .
Featuring 25 Most Amazing and Dark Photo manipulations by MorbidiaMorthel .
MorbidiaMorthel is an awesome artist on Deviant Art from past 2 years and have uploaded about 91 Artworks .
This collection is compiled with full permission of Morbidia Morthel
A little about MorbidiaMorthel :
Profile on DeviantArt : MorbidiaMorthel
Gallery on DedviantArt : Gallery
Favourite band or musician : Immortal , After Forever , Therion , Sirenia , Tristania , Dimmu Borgir , Nightwish
Immortal , After Forever , Therion , Sirenia , Tristania , Dimmu Borgir , Nightwish Favourite genre of music : gothic , black metal … and lots more
gothic , black metal … and lots more Favourite style of art : Dark , Fantasy , Macabre &Horror
Dark , Fantasy , Macabre &Horror MP3 player of choice : Ipod Touch
Ipod Touch Tools of the Trade : Photoshop CS3 +
Mouse
Receiving The Dark Gift
Temptation
Kalea
Mistress of Inscense
Why
The Black Widow
The Last Breath
The Sea Witch
The Angel of Broken Souls
The Forgotten One
Memories
California continues to stay at the nation - leading edge of legal activity concerning marijuana use .
In 1996 it passed the first national initiative to make marijuana available by prescription to relieve pain , nausea , and other physical maladies .
In July of this year , Oakland became – by a wide margin ( 80 percent to 20 ) – the first US city to assess a tax on the sale of marijuana .
Now , a new initiative that will allow local governments to oversee and regulate cultivation , distribution , and sales – and to determine how and how much cannabis can be bought and sold within area limits – will be on the November 2010 ballot .
National advocates say that regardless of the vote – signature gathering went fast and easy , according to reports – a major corner has been turned in national acceptance of marijuana use .
“ Regardless of what the voters decide in 2010 , the genie is not going back in the bottle , ” says Paul Armentano , deputy director for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) .
“ A majority of west coast voters , and an estimated one - half of the national public , are demanding that we replace our nation ’s seven - decade - long policy of marijuana prohibition with one of controlled regulation , taxation , and education . ”
Armentano says the citizen ’s initiative is evidence that despite the growing public support for marijuana reform , a majority of elected officials still perceive the issue to be a political liability rather than an opportunity .
“ As a result , it will be the voters , not the politicians , who will ultimately determine the direction of our nation ’s modern marijuana policies , ” he says .
Other states take up the issue
The California initiative comes amidst a flurry of activity nationally in the past two months after nearly two - decades of inactivity , according to Bruce Mirken , director of communications for the Marijuana Policy Project in Washington D. C. , which advocates legalization of marijuana .
California has a legislative bill in the offing , he says , as does Washington State while New Hampshire has recently introduced a bill and Rhode Island has adopted a commission to study ideas .
“ There are signs all over the place that this has reached critical mass , ” says Mirken , citing the photograph of Olympic superstar Michael Phelps last summer .
He also says that law enforcement agencies have begun to realize the high cost of arresting , trying , and incarcerating marijuana users – money that could be better spent elsewhere .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version of this story mischaracterized the situation involving Mr. Phelps . ]
“ There is growing recognition that through our policies of prohibition , we have not stopped people from using marijuana , but rather handed this lucrative consumer market to some rather unsavory characters , including Mexican gangs , ” says Mirken .
“ There ’s a reason you do n’t see Mexican wine cartels planting fields of cabernet sauvignon in Sequoia National Park , and people are beginning to understand that there really is a fundamental irrationality to laws that tolerate the far more dangerous substance of alcohol . ”
Substance abuse activists say the headlong rush to legalization in this initiative has other motivations that ripple out in negative ways .
“ Proponents of the proposed legislation are using the California fiscal crisis to say this will be a revenue - generating solution , ” says Jim Hall , Director of the Center for the Study and Prevention of Drug Abuse at Nova Southeastern University in Ft. Lauderdale , Fla .
“ What has been largely ignored in the legalization meta - debate , however , is the impact the legislation could have on young people . ”
“ We have developed a clear model with alcohol , but when we debate the legalization of marijuana , we do n’t address the potential lifelong impact that earlier and easier access will have on young people , ” says Hall .
“ While the proposed legislation might generate a few tax dollars , we need to ask what the cost to society will be for a whole generation exposed to the risk of lifelong substance abuse . ”
' Right of passage ' for adolescents ?
He says there needs to be a better way to change patterns of marijuana use as a rite of passage for adolescents .
“ Clearly , affording legal access distorts the message of why young people should not use marijuana .
If it ’s legal , what ’s the big deal ?
So goes the mindset . ”
Hall points out that for the last 20 years , nearly two - thirds of all first - time marijuana users have been below the age of 18 .
Statistics also show that the younger a person begins marijuana use , the greater the risk of substance abuse later in life , he says .
Therefore , it ’s important to ask a host of questions :
Who is going to determine or regulate how marijuana is produced and distributed ?
Who will it be distributed by ?
How is the state going to collect the taxes ?
Will it really have an impact on the illicit trafficking and production of marijuana ?
Will this lead to proposals to legalize other drugs ?
“ This is a largely unexplored policy that raises important questions and potentially dire social risks , ” says Hall .
“ Before changing policy , let ’s honestly and thoroughly explore these questions . ”
Initiative advocates point to safeguards
Dan Newman , spokesman for the proposed Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act , counters that the initiative does includes significant safeguards and controls .
For example , it will increase the penalty for providing marijuana to a minor , expressly prohibit the consumption of marijuana in public , forbids smoking marijuana while minors are present , and bans possession on school grounds .
He also says that studies by state tax experts – the Board of Equalization and the Legislative Analyst Office – show that the initiative will generate billions of dollars in revenue to fund schools , public safety , and other critical needs at a time when the state is desperate for resources .
“ For those reasons , and the fact that most Californians understand that the current drug laws are n’t working , several recent polls show the initiative [ will win ] support from a majority of voters , " says Newman .
“ We ’re building a broad and diverse coalition that includes law enforcement professionals who understand that regulating marijuana will put street drug dealers and organized crime out of business , while allowing police to focus on protecting the public by preventing violent crime . ”
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
By Thomas Sowell - December 29 , 2009
The only thing healthy about Congress ' health insurance legislation is the healthy skepticism about it by most of the public , as revealed by polls .
What is most unhealthy about this legislation is the raw arrogance in the way it was conceived and passed .
Supporters of government health insurance call its passage " historic . "
Past attempts to pass such legislation -- going back for decades -- failed repeatedly .
But now both houses of Congress have passed government health care legislation and it is just a question of reconciling their respective bills and presenting President Obama with a political " victory . "
In short , this is not about improving the health of the American people .
It is about passing something -- anything -- to keep the Obama administration from ending up with egg on its face by being unable to pass a bill , after so much hype and hoopla .
Politically , looking impotent is a formula for disaster at election time .
Far better to pass even bad legislation that will not actually go into effect until after the 2012 presidential election , so that the public will not know whether it makes medical care better or worse until it is too late for the voters to hold the administration accountable .
The utter cynicism of this has been apparent from the outset , in the rush to pass a health care bill in a hurry , in order to meet wholly arbitrary , self - imposed deadlines .
First it was supposed to be passed before the August 2009 Congressional recess .
Then it was supposed to be passed before Labor Day .
When that did n't happen , it was supposed to be rushed to passage before Christmas .
Why -- especially since the legislation would not take effect until years from now ?
The only rational explanation for such haste to pass a bill that will be slow to go into effect is to prevent the public from knowing what is in this massive legislation that even members of Congress are unlikely to have read .
That is also the only reason that makes sense for postponing the time when Obamacare goes into action after the next presidential election .
What does calling this medical care legislation " historic " mean ?
It means that previous administrations gave up the idea when it became clear that the voting public did not want government control of medical care .
What is " historic " is that this will be the first administration to show that it does n't care one bit what the public wants or does n't want .
In short , this is not about the public 's health .
It is about Obama 's ego and his chance to impose his will and leave a legacy .
This is not the only massive legislation to be rushed to passage in Congress and then left to go into effect slowly .
The same political formula was used earlier , to pass the " stimulus " bill to spend hundreds of billions of dollars that the government does n't have -- and that may well amount to more than a trillion dollars when the interest on the debt it creates is added , for this and the next generation to pay off .
Legislation is not the only sign of this administration 's contempt for the intelligence of the public and for the safeguards of democratic government .
The appointment of White House " czars " to make policy across a wide spectrum of issues -- unknown people who get around the Constitution 's requirement of Senate confirmation for Cabinet members -- is yet another sign of the mindset that sees the fundamental laws and values of this country as just something to get around , in order to impose the will of an arrogant elite .
That some of these " czars " have already revealed their own contempt for the values of American society in the things they have said and done only reinforces the point .
In a sense , this administration is only the end result of a long social process that includes raising successive generations with dumbed - down education in schools and colleges that have become indoctrination centers for the visions of the left .
Our education system has turned out many people who have never heard any other vision and who can only learn what is wrong with the prevailing vision from bitter experience .
That bitter experience now awaits them , at home and abroad .
Last night , in response to Castellvi ’s FML For Movie Characters , I joked that I was going to write a series entitled “ FML For Presidents ” .
Good news – it ’s not a joke anymore !
Oh , and do n’t worry – this is part 1 of a 3 - part series .
Look ’em up … I got them all .
George Washington : Today , I was presented with a new set of teeth .
Hippo and elephant ivory held together by springs .
This ’ll be a comfortable presidency .
FML
John Adams : Today , I was asked to sit for a portrait .
Thinking I was going to be on U.S. currency , I spent four hours getting ready .
Found out that instead my face is going to grace the two - cent stamp .
FML
Thomas Jefferson : Today I was referred to as an “ outspoken abolitionist ” .
You know who that quote did n’t come from ?
My secret slave girlfriend and illegitimate children .
FML
James Madison : Today , I was put in charge of putting together a bill of rights .
The “ Right to Free Ice Cream Thursdays ” did n’t even make the first cut .
FML
James Monroe : Today , the United States finally acquired Florida .
Which means I ’ll go down as the president who gave the country an enormous , weird - looking dick .
FML
John Quincy Adams : Today , I took the oath of office on a book of laws instead of the Bible to preserve the separation of church and state .
I ’m sure God will understand .
Or turn me to salt .
FML
Andrew Jackson : Today , I was given a nickname to commemorate my toughness .
I was pushing for “ The Stronghold ” or “ The Immovable ” .
The people settled on “ Old Hickory ” .
FML
Martin Van Buren : Today , the Panic of 1837 happened .
FML
William Henry Harrison : Today , I took my 2 - hour - long oath of office in the cold and rain .
Not a good day to forget my overcoat and hat .
Hope I do n’t die !
FML
John Tyler : Today , I saw the Secretary of the Navy and Secretary of State die when a gun blew up during a demonstration firing .
How the hell am I supposed to recover from seeing something like that ?
Guess I ’ll try to annex Texas or something .
FML
James K. Polk : Today , I gained an area of land that I wanted to call “ Land of the Giant Monster Trees ” .
Others are kicking around the name “ California ” and looking at me like I ’m a crazy person .
FML
Zachary Taylor : Today , I was diagnosed with acute gastroenteritis .
Hope I do n’t die !
FML
Millard Fillmore : Today , I initiated the White House library .
A group of bigger , older government officials beat me up , called me a nerd , and shoved me in a locker .
FML
Franklin Pierce : Today , two months before I ’m supposed to take office , the train car that I boarded derailed and my wife and I got to see our 11 - year - old son crushed to death .
This ought to be a cheerful four years .
FML
James Buchanan : Today , I was referred to by a close friend as “ the worst president in American history . ”
I tried to disagree , but then I remembered when all those states seceded from the Union under my watch .
Now I totally agree .
FML
This site requires a new version of Adobe Flash Player .
You can get it at : http://www.adobe.com/go/getflashplayer
Microsoft late yesterday issued its second advisory of the last week , warning users that a 17 - year - old bug in the kernel of all 32 - bit versions of Windows could be used by hackers to hijack PCs .
The vulnerability in the Windows Virtual DOS Machine ( VDM ) subsystem was disclosed Tuesday by Google engineer Tavis Ormandy on the Full Disclosure security mailing list .
Coincidentally , Ormandy received credit for reporting the single vulnerability that Microsoft fixed last week on its regular Patch Tuesday .
The VDM subsystem was added to Windows with the July 1993 release of Windows NT , Microsoft 's first fully 32 - bit operating system .
VDM allows Windows NT and later to run DOS and 16 - bit Windows software .
Yesterday 's advisory spelled out the affected software -- all 32 - bit editions of Windows , including Windows 7 -- and told users how to disable VDM as a workaround .
Windows ' 64 - bit versions are not vulnerable to attack .
It was Microsoft 's second advisory in seven days ; last week , the company posted a warning of a critical flaw in Internet Explorer after Google said its corporate computers had been hacked by Chinese attackers .
That bug is to be patched later today .
" An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could run arbitrary code in kernel mode , " said the newest advisory .
" An attacker could then install programs ; view , change , or delete data ; or create new accounts with full user rights . "
Jerry Bryant , a program manager with the Microsoft Security Response Center ( MSRC ) , said that the company had not seen any actual attacks using the vulnerability , and also downplayed the threat if hackers do exploit the flaw .
" To exploit this vulnerability , an attacker must already have valid logon credentials and be able to log on to a system locally , meaning they must already have an account on the system , " Bryant said in an e-mail .
Typically , Microsoft ranks this kind of vulnerability -- which it classified as an elevation of privilege flaw -- as " important , " the second - highest of the four ratings in its four - step system .
Ormandy said that the vulnerability goes back nearly 17 years to Windows NT 3.1's release , and exists in every version of Windows since .
He reported the bug to Microsoft more than seven months ago .
" Regrettably , no official patch is currently available , " Ormandy wrote on Full Disclosure Tuesday .
" As an effective and easy - to - deploy workaround is available , I have concluded that it is in the best interest of users to go ahead with the publication of this document without an official patch . "
The workaround Ormandy included in his message was the same as Microsoft's : Edit group policies to block 16 - bit applications from running .
Although Ormandy divulged information about the vulnerability , even posted attack code that works on Windows XP , Server 2003 , Vista , Server 2008 and Windows 7 , Microsoft did n't take him to task in the advisory for prematurely revealing the bug , as it almost always does researchers who spill the beans before a patch is ready .
Presumably , Microsoft will issue a fix for the flaw at some point , but as is its practice in security advisories , it did n't promise to do so .
The next regularly - scheduled security update is slated for Feb .
9 .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer , send e-mail to gkeizer@ix.netcom.com or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
If you ’ve got a laptop – or just a nosy roommate who always wants on your computer – you ’re always dealing with security issues .
Leaving your computer alone for just a few minutes means that you ’re risking having someone else hop on for one reason or another .
This was a constant issue at my old office , where I ’d leave my personal MacBook Pro on my desk to go run out for something , and come back to find someone on it because they thought it was a company - owned model .
Somedays I ’m really glad I quit .
Anyways , I stumbled upon Airlock the other day , and after a quick e-mail to the makers , I was sent a free version of the software to evaluate for our readers .
It took about 5 minutes to install and setup , then I was off and running .
Here ’s how it works : Airlock installs as a System Preferences pane on your computer , and ties in via the bluetooth connection .
It then finds the signal from your iPhone or iPod Touch with bluetooth enabled , and connects the two together .
When you leave the room , desk , or general area with your iPhone in tow , Airlock shows a lock screen , and wo n’t allow anyone to use the computer until either the security code is entered or the iPhone comes back in the room .
Once the iPhone does return , everything goes back to normal , like nothing ever happened .
It took me a little bit to set things up properly , mostly because of little tweaks with the system .
There ’s a sonar screen on the system pref pane that shows you where your iPhone is in relation to the computer .
And that second line on the inside shows you how much range the iPhone has before Airlock kicks in .
The manufacturers suggest setting the inner halo to just outside of the place you put your phone frequently , just to make sure it does n’t go off randomly .
I did that , and still had a few kinks , so I expanded my circle and that solved the problem .
There are a few kinks about the system .
First , there ’s an option to adjust how quickly the computer responds to commands , compared to how quickly it will kill the battery on your phone .
The difference is fairly drastic .
I left it at the original settings to begin with , and by lunchtime the iPhone was under 50 percent charged , a fairly drastic drop from the day before .
I tweaked the settings to where I needed them and the battery life stopped dropping so massively .
Ultimately , this program is a great option for students , travelers or people who need extra security , because it ’s one extra layer that might piss off a thief or would - be tinkerer .
It can be turned off as well , so if you keep your computer at your desktop most of the time , then you can just turn it on when the laptop goes on the road or you go out of town .
But the best part yet is the price – $ 7.77 , and there ’s a free demo available too just in case you want to try it out .
If you want an extra layer of security for your computer and a really cool way to do it , this is the hot ticket .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities — which desperately needs a more user - friendly name , by the way — says that our long - term federal deficits are unsustainable .
In order to get them to sustainable levels we need a combination of tax increases and spending cuts equal to about 4.9 % of GDP .
Here ’s a start :
If policymakers were to allow all of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts to expire as scheduled at the end of 2010 — or fully offset the cost of extending those tax cuts they choose to extend — this alone would shrink the fiscal gap by almost two - fifths , from 4.9 percent of GDP to 3.0 percent .
Sounds good .
Except that this would take us back to the fiscal hellscape of the late Clinton era , and who wants that ?
The CBPP report is pretty discouraging , but the really discouraging thing about it is this : “ Policymakers should also expect to return to long - term deficit reduction multiple times over coming decades ; the problem is far too large to address in a single legislative package . ”
Strictly speaking , this is true : you would n’t want to literally do this in a single piece of legislation .
But if we were even close to having a sane political class in this country , it would n’t be that hard to hit this target : ( 1 ) Let the Bush tax cuts expire .
Nobody was overtaxed in the 90s . ( 2 ) Do a conventional fix for Social Security .
This would be good for another 1 % or so .
( 3 ) Get serious about reining in Medicare costs .
Squeezing another 1 % via Medicare changes would n’t be that difficult if both parties were willing to treat it as a real problem instead of a chance for demagoguery .
( 4 ) Add in a modest assortment of spending cuts ( smaller military , unprivatized student loan , reduced ag subsidies ) and revenue increases ( estate taxes , carbon taxes , financial transaction taxes ) and you ’d get the rest of the way there .
If you do n’t like these suggestions , feel free to sub in your own ideas here .
For a country as big and rich as the United States , this stuff is n’t even very painful .
We could do it in a single legislative session and 99 % of the country would barely notice the effects .
And yet it ’s the next best thing to impossible .
It does n’t speak well for our future .
A POINT OF VIEW
Living in a democracy can be trying , says Clive James in his weekly column .
Until you think of the alternatives .
In my share of these columns I 've placed a lot of emphasis on democracy , and on how it can never be a perfect system , but by the mere fact that no tyrant or oligarchy can ever count on remaining in power unchallenged , democracy can hope to avoid some of the abuses that even less perfect systems are guaranteed to generate .
As somebody once said - I think it was Winston Churchill , but it could have been my Uncle Harold - democracy is the worst political system you can imagine , except for all the others .
If it was Uncle Harold , it was generous of him to say this , because during the Great Depression he spent a lot of time out of work .
Some of the competing political systems sounded quite persuasive in that period , but Uncle Harold did n't like the sound of a lot of people all shouting at once .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 GMT
Or listen to it here later
He himself was a man of few words .
When I was very small the longest speech I ever heard from him was " Go away " .
After he came back from the war he sat down on the back veranda and spent 30 years reading the papers .
He only ever got up to go and vote , and if voting had n't been compulsory in Australia he would n't even have done that .
He was the living refutation of the fond idea that democracy should be participatory .
The first duty of a government , in his view , was to leave people alone .
More than half a century later I feel the same way myself .
My last sparks of fiery radicalism have long been quenched .
Privately I define democracy as that political system which leaves me free not to care about it .
About that , I care passionately .
Boom to bust
The first trouble with my view of democracy is that it tends to sound complacent .
When the dizzy level of greed which is free to operate in the democratic countries leads to something as ridiculous as the so - called bonus culture in which bankers are rewarded for gambling with your money , and then the banks are bailed out with more of your money so that they can re-establish the very same bonus culture while they gamble with your money all over again , it does sound complacent to say : yes , it looks bad , but it would be even worse if there were no democratically elected government to intervene .
The government did intervene , and look what happened .
Workers toil to build another skyscraper in Dubai
But think what might have happened if it had n't intervened at all .
Last week , Dubai hit the economic buffers largely because it was one vast playground for the rich that had no other asset except the virtual slave labour of the workers who built it .
Will there be any government agency in Dubai to get those workers home to the countries they left in the doomed hope that Dubai would make them less poor ?
Probably not .
A democracy would feel obliged to at least make noises about doing something to ease the suffering , and almost certainly it would never have allowed a situation in the first place by which workers would have toiled all day with 15 minutes for lunch .
There would have been questions in parliament , and the lunch break would have been extended to 30 minutes .
At almost the same moment in history as Dubai 's debt crisis mounted , the American film star Nicholas Cage went broke too .
He went broke because he had bought too many castles , too many yachts , too many cars , too many everything .
He was a one - man Dubai , but that was the point : he was just one man .
In a liberal democracy he was free to go mad with his cheque book but he could n't turn himself into a whole city and hire builders to slave all day trying to earn their passports back .
Even in the supposedly unchecked Darwinian struggle of American capitalism , there are mechanisms in place , as the modern saying goes , to ensure that the collapse of Nicolas Cage injures only those people who were left holding his IOUs .
There wo n't be a shanty town of indentured labourers who worked for nearly nothing and now have nothing at all .
Mr James is not a fan Nobody will be left desperate by the career of Nicolas Cage except those who have been unfortunate enough to see his movies , in all of which he pops his eyes with his wet mouth half open , looking exactly like a man who wants to buy Windsor castle and employ the tenants as ground staff .
A Western liberal democracy has institutions that limit damage .
But just by saying that , I edge into a second stage of complacency that I have to watch out for , and we all have to watch out for .
They have to be the right institutions .
Many of them grow automatically , by the operation of the free market , but some of the most vital of them have to be imposed .
In fact that 's what a democratic government does : it intervenes in the free market for the benefit of all .
Publish or be damned
The intervention , however , sometimes defeats its object .
As the apocryphal Hollywood producer once said , " There 'll be a meeting Monday to delete the improvements . "
There is a new , or revised , institution on the way which already has many good people in our universities worried about how it might turn out .
Turing developed this device to decode Germany 's wartime messages
The present system of allocating university funds to support research has been known , for the last 20 years , as the RAE , standing for Research Assessment Exercises : more than one exercise because there have been several systems , all of which have been troublesome enough , because they have all laid great stress on the number of publications per member of staff , which led to the possibility that staff members might be thought of as not performing if they were n't publishing .
If that system had been operating in the time of the Cambridge mathematician Alan Turing , for example , he might have been thought of as a drag on the funding of his department because he had produced only one paper .
His work eventually led to the code - breaking triumph at Bletchley Park and the development of the computer , but not even he knew that at the time , and if he had had to spend much time explaining to the assessment board what he was on about he might never have got his work done .
The cumbersome RAE system is now to be streamlined but there is a question of whether the improvements might not lead to paralysis , especially in the humanities .
The new system will be called the REF , standing for Research Excellence Framework .
Excellence is always a bad word in such a context because it presupposes the result at which it aims , but there are stronger reasons than that for being suspicious .
Universities offer time to think
Under the new system , a quarter of the rating scores which will affect the funding will be awarded for " impact " , meaning a verifiable effect of the research in the outside world .
Traditionally the humanities have defined themselves as those learned activities which are pursued for their own sake , but pursuing them for impact is plainly something else .
As Stefan Collini outlines in a recent issue of the Times Literary Supplement , impact could be achieved when you write a scholarly work about a secondary 19th Century Scottish poet and someone decides to make a TV programme about him .
But you score for impact only if you yourself , or a representative of your department , makes the contact with the television producer .
It is n't enough to wait for the outside world to find you .
You have to market your work in what the new guidelines ( another bad word ) call the wider economy and society ( five more bad words ) .
Thinking allowed
The philosopher Wittgenstein often turns up in these columns because when I was an undergraduate at Cambridge he was my ideal example of what a thinker should be .
Seat of learning
When he was teaching at Cambridge he made zero impact in this new sense .
Even under the outgoing Research Assessment system he would have been a liability to his department , because he published only one philosophical book in his lifetime .
The book was the Tractatus Logico - Philosophicus and it had a huge influence in the long run , but it might not have scored many funding points after he told the assessment board they were a bunch of dummies .
He was n't just incapable of diplomacy , he disapproved of it .
If he were teaching now under the incoming Research Excellence system he would be a disaster for his department .
You could n't imagine him making contact with a television producer and saying " Look , I 've got this terrific idea for a programme about a man obsessed with language and it's perfect for Daniel Day Lewis . "
At PR , Wittgenstein would have been hopeless .
But that was just what I liked about him .
It was what I liked about all the dons , even the crazy ones .
There was one guy who was given a fellowship in about 1923 and spent the rest of his life walking around town with a bundle of newspapers under his arm .
But that was the price a great university was willing to pay for extending to its scholars the freedom to pursue an interest for its own sake .
In the years I spent pretending to study for a PhD , I would sit in the Copper Kettle cafe opposite King 's College and read Wittgenstein 's Philosophical Investigations .
Occasionally I would look up to make a philosophical investigation of a passing undergraduette .
Then I looked down again to puzzle at another brilliantly compressed paragraph .
Wittgenstein was having his impact , and it was an impact that could n't be measured .
A university is , or should be , a place where you can't yet tell what will be useful to the outside world , because it deals with the inside world , the most inside of all worlds , the mind .
For all I know , that was what my Uncle Harold was doing .
He had done his time in the outside world , fighting for democracy against Japanese soldiers on the Kokoda trail , and now he was gazing within .
Below is a selection of your comments .
On the other hand , Wittgenstein 's only expense was a deck chair , so he'd probably have got by even under the new guidelines .
That 's not quite the same thing as spending billions on a particle accelerator which will only prove that we 're going to need a bigger particle accelerator .
Ian Kemmish , Biggleswade
It 's amazing how many people with money and comfort think the government 's job is to leave people alone .
It 's also amazing how quickly and universally that changes when the money and comfort go away .
The general belief seems to be that government should leave people alone unless the person speaking needs help .
In that case no expense should be spared - but only for the speaker , because he or she deserves it .
Everyone else is lazy and stupid .
Charlene , Winnipeg , Canada
Is n't it nice that working taxpayers can support Academics to pursue what ever it is they wish to pursue without any accountability .
Academia also seems to think that their pursuits are loftier than most and are entitled to funding .
I do n't get it .
Dave Bales , Vancouver , Canada
No , your opinion that we ( US , GB etc ) would be worse off does n't make sense if the Gov did n't intervene .
They ( Gov ) did and gave money to the banks like you stated and we know .
Regulations ( GS Act ) were put into place that were removed by politicians over the course of the last 15 years .
Banks are a business and like any business they can and should fail if the BOD allows stupid moves by the management .
IS my business going to get a bailout ?
No .
But the banks get a free handout for being greedy .
How is that democracy ?
That is political favouritism .
Your article sucks .
Drew , Chicago , US
In an era of political correctness this commentary is something new , refreshingly beautiful and insightful .
As a struggling clinician who has had to negotiate academic obstacles and as a reviewer to three medical journals in three continents I relate with the futility of associating publication volume with contribution to the body of knowledge particularly in medicine .
I have had to spend many days trying to unravel carefully woven mediocrity in the guise of originality with the intent of deceiving journal editors and reviewers to pass it on and earn the writer a promotion .
This is the price paid for counting eggs rather than chicken embryos .
It is time to evaluate content rather than titles .
Robert Sanda , Drumheller AB , Canada A lov-er -ly essay .
James nicely puts into words what civil - service - style guidelines could n't define in 500 years or 50,000 words .
Jim Garner , Ottawa , Canada Actually , I quite like Nicolas Cage .
And if I lived anywhere near Bath , I 'd have been there to watch him turn on the Christmas lights this year .
Russ Willey , London , UK Touche !
It is a sad day when research and discovery are measured on ' impact ' .
The result is ' strategy and marketing for funding ' versus inquiry , exploration , and discovery .
Is it not strategy and marketing that brought us to the greedy bonus culture and bailout of the day ?
Might we consider a new approach that juxtaposes our context : what is useful in our inside world is always useful in our outside world .
They are inextricably linked .... forever .
KathleenT , Vancouver , Canada A nice view .
However , before one turns to its inside world , sufficient materials must be obtained from the outside world .
Otherwise , such an inside world may never exist .
Siming Liu , Glasgow
This is about freedom of the mind .
Allowing people to be individuals and not just part of a collective group .
If we had more freedom in our mind there would be less second hand human beings , others telling us how and what to think , and we would have a much better world .
Randy Lauseng , Houston , Texas , US Hang on a second - it was our democracy allowed the " so - called bonus culture in which bankers are rewarded for gambling with your money " , which resulted in thousands of UK citizens losing their money and their homes .
And it is this very same " democracy " which is still allowing the excess of the city to continue while three million people are out of work .
Yes , it could have been worse , but in a more egalitarian society it could have been so much better !
Defending the status quo by criticising the obvious alternatives is easy but meaningless .
We can and should strive to make our so called democracies more equal .
Byron Jones , Southsea
I agree with what Mr James said in the article , but it seems a complex way of stating that education for its own sake , should be welcomed at all levels in society .
John Glennon , Manchester
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SAN FRANCISCO —NASA ’s Cassini probe has snapped the first images of sunlight reflected off one of the hydrocarbon lakes at Saturn 's moon Titan .
Although the existence of liquid lakes there had already been confirmed by other means , this was a long - sought direct visual confirmation .
Cassini scientists presented the images here Friday at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union .
" It was a little bit of luck , " says Katrin Stephan of the German Aerospace Center in Berlin , who was the first person to spot the glint while browsing newly arrived infrared images .
( Titan 's atmosphere is too hazy for the lakes to be seen in the visible - light spectrum . )
Cassini took the shots on July 8 from a distance of 200,000 kilometers , as it hurtled toward Titan for a flyby .
Three out of four exposures taken within a three - hour period showed a beam of light on the edge of the moon .
To rule out other potential phenomena , such as lightning or perhaps a volcanic eruption , Stephan and her collaborator checked that the alignment of the sun , Titan and the probe was just right for light to bounce off a lake .
" It fit perfectly together , " she says .
Since 2007 , your ongoing support has enabled Generosity.org to fight injustice around the globe .
Together , we ’ve provided safe , clean drinking water to hundreds of thousands of people in underserved communities .
But we do n’t stop there .
We ’ve expanded our services to reach even higher levels of sustainability and impact : Water & Sanitation , Medical Aid , Education , Family Support , Mentorship , Economic Development , Legal Assistance , Disaster Relief
“ For it is in giving that we receive . ” ― St. Francis of Assisi
Help us GIVE … and see what benefits you RECEIVE .
At the same time , the recession left Sandi Bernstein more sympathetic to the needy .
After years of success in the insurance business , Ms. Bernstein , 66 , had just settled into what she had expected to be a comfortable retirement when the financial crisis last year sent her brokerage accounts plummeting .
Feeling newly vulnerable herself , she volunteered with an outreach program run by AARP and the Ohio Association of Second Harvest Food Banks .
Having assumed that poor people clamored for aid , she was surprised to find that some needed convincing to apply .
“ I come here and I see people who are knowledgeable , normal , well - spoken , well - dressed , ” she said .
“ These are people I could be having lunch with . ”
That could describe Franny and Shawn Wardlow , whose house in nearby Oregonia conjures middle - American stability rather than the struggle to meet basic needs .
Their three daughters have heads of neat blond hair , pink bedroom curtains and a turtle bought in better times on vacation in Daytona Beach , Fla .
One wrote a fourth - grade story about her parents that concluded “ They lived happily ever after . ”
Ms. Wardlow , who worked at a nursing home , lost her job first .
Soon after , Mr. Wardlow was laid off from the construction job he had held for nearly nine years .
As Ms. Wardlow tells the story of the subsequent fall  cutoff threats from the power company , the dinners of egg noodles , the soap from the Salvation Army  she dwells on one unlikely symbol of the security she lost .
Pot roast .
“ I was raised on eating pot roast , ” she said .
“ Just a nice decent meal . ”
Mr. Wardlow , 32 , is a strapping man with a friendly air .
He talked his way into a job at an envelope factory although his boss said he was overqualified .
But it pays less than what he made muscling a jackhammer , and with Ms. Wardlow still jobless , they are two months behind on the rent .
A monthly food stamp benefit of $ 429 fills the shelves and puts an occasional roast on the Sunday table .
It reminds Ms. Wardlow of what she has lost , and what she hopes to regain .
“ I would consider us middle class at one time , ” she said .
“ I like to have a nice decent meal for dinner . ”
C'est la première confirmation par les chiffres d'un effet pervers redouté .
L’assouplissement de la carte scolaire risque de créer des « ghettos scolaires » , alerte la Cour des comptes .
En 2008 , sur les 254 collèges « ambition réussite » , 186 établissements ont perdu des élèves , « ce qui s’est traduit par une plus grande concentration dans ces collèges des facteurs d’inégalités contre lesquels doit lutter la politique d’éducation prioritaire » , peut - on lire dans cette enquête , pésentée mardi , sur les dispositifs scolaires dans les quartiers sensibles , réalisée à la demande de la commission des Finances du Sénat .
En clair , les collèges difficiles semblent bien perdre leurs bons élèves .
Depuis la politique d’assouplissement de la carte scolaire engagée en 2007 par Xavier Darcos , nombre d'observateurs le redoutaient , mais il s’agit là des premières statistiques à caractère officiel à ce sujet .
Le réseau « ambition réussite » , créé après les émeutes de 2005 , regroupe les établissements les plus en difficulté du système d’éducation prioritaire .
« Compte tenu d’une augmentation des demandes de dérogation de 29 % en 2008 , les effectifs des collèges ont évolué de façon fortement différenciée selon les établissements : certains ont pu enregistrer des pertes d’effectifs pouvant aller jusqu’à 10 % , alors que d’autres connaissaient des progressions allant jusqu’à 23 % » , écrit encore la Cour des comptes .
« Ecart excessif entre établissements »
Dans un même « bassin de formation » , la Cour appelle donc à une plus grande « coordination » entre les établissements scolaires , afin de « lutter contre l’existence ou la constitution de " ghettos scolaires " , en corrigeant les effets éventuellement négatifs des modalités de sectorisation scolaire » .
« A défaut , en effet , les effets de la concurrence aboutiraient à un écart excessif entre les établissements , ce qui , comme l’enquête PISA de l’OCDE le montre clairement , constitue une des caractéristiques du système éducatif français les plus défavorables à sa performance » , conclut la Cour à ce sujet .
Au ministère de l’Education nationale , on précise que le ministre Luc Chatel attend d’ici fin 2009 une étude « plus détaillée » de ses services .
Sans contester l’enquête de la Cour , le ministre veut mettre l’accent sur les quelque 50 établissements « ambition réussite » qui ont gagné des élèves et sont devenus « plus attractifs » , ainsi que sur la « satisfaction » des familles concernant l’assouplissement de la carte scolaire .
( Source AFP )
Candid personal photos of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg have appeared on the web following a Facebook privacy overhaul that critics warned would lead people to share more of their private lives publicly than ever before .
The shots of Zuckerberg , some of which show the 25 - year - old apparently inebriated and cuddling a teddy bear , reveal a different side of the brainy geek who has rapidly risen from bumbling college student to a captain of the web industry .
It follows claims in a controversial new book , The Accidental Billionaires , that Zuckerberg started the social networking site as a way to pick up women and that he dined on a koala on the yacht of a Sun Microsystems executive .
Facebook announced an overhaul of its privacy controls last week , forcing all users to assess who is able to see each piece of content they publish on the site .
During the Second World War HMP Wandsworth played host to some of the UK ’s most infamous spies .
But it also played a key in maintaining the secrecy of a double agent who transmitted false information via a wireless transmitter from inside the prison .
Between 1879 and 1939 , 69 executions had been carried out at the prison ’s gallows but that number was set to increase sharply with a new influx of inmates with alleged Nazi sympathies .
One prisoner received at that time was Arthur George Owens , the jail 's first spy , who was held there as a double agent after feeding misinformation to the Germans .
As the owner of a battery company he often visited German shipyards before the war and had reported his observations to British agents .
At the start of the war , Owens was arrested because he was known to have also been in contact with the German intelligence service .
But Owens had second thoughts about working for Germany and told MI5 in September 1938 that he was to receive a radio transceiver .
The radio arrived via the left luggage office of Victoria Station early in 1939 and Owens turned this over to the authorities .
On August 11 , 1939 he visited his German controller in Hamburg and on September 4 , Owens returned to these shores with further German intelligence MI5 decided that he could act as a mole and detained him in Wandsworth Prison to sustain his cover .
On September 12 , MI5 returned the transmitter to Owens at the prison where it was used by a warder to contact the Germans .
Owens received a reply inviting him to go to the Belgium , then neutral , and he was let out of jail to attend .
He was able to maintain his cover for some time and through Owens , MI5 was able to acquire clues to the existence of other spies and German strategies .
• What do you think ?
Let us know by email here , phone the newsdesk on 020 8330 9555 or leave a comment below .
' Our faith is being targeted .... and we 've been thrown to the lions ' : the Christian hoteliers accused of insulting Muslim guest reveal
When they called their hotel The Bounty House , Benjamin and Sharon Vogelenzang did so in the hope it would be ‘ filled with peace and plenty ’ .
The sentiment might sound corny , but they meant it .
The couple have spent ten years refurbishing a large , rather plain building in the Liverpool suburb of Aintree , hoping to run a ‘ boutique ’ guest house in accordance with their own deeply felt Christian beliefs .
But there has been little peace or plenty in recent months for the Vogelenzangs , and soon there might be no Bounty House either .
Innocent : But Ben and Sharon Vogelenzang could still pay a high price for a false accusation
Last week , they were cleared of insulting a Muslim guest when high - profile ‘ hate crime ’ allegations were thrown out by a judge to public applause .
But , faced with £ 400,000 of debt and the wreckage of a business they say has been all but destroyed by the controversy , there has been little celebration for Ben and Sharon – just bewilderment at the way they have been treated .
The experience has left them questioning their faith in the police , in the Crown Prosecution Service and in a British establishment that seems bent on protecting all manner of rights and sensitivities .
Unless , that is , you are a church - going Christian .
It has done little to improve their confidence in the way their case was handled to learn that Detective Constable Tracy O’Hara , the officer who played a leading role in the prosecution for the unusual crime of religiously aggravated harassment and took charge of their interrogation , is a leading light in the Merseyside Police Gay And Lesbian Support Network .
‘ It was a nightmare we could n’t wake up from , ’ said Sharon , speaking for the first time since their disturbing ordeal began eight months ago .
‘ We are ordinary , hard - working people .
We are also law - abiding and we have always had faith in the law and the police .
They are supposed to protect standards of decency .
Now we feel betrayed . ’
Even today , the Vogelenzangs are cautious in what they say – understandably so .
They have received abusive emails and threats of violence and are anxious to return to some semblance of normality .
But there is no disguising their shock at a turn of events that has come close to ruining them .
‘ The whole thing has been a stomach - churning experience .
It has upset us and our family physically , ’ said Ben .
‘ We think the Christian faith is being targeted by those in authority and that we have been thrown to the lions .
No Abuse : Ericka Tazi leaving court
‘ It is all to do with political correctness .
Minority groups seem to be treated fairly , but people like us in the majority groups are being pushed to one side .
It is completely unbalanced . ’
The Vogelenzangs are not the sort of people who normally find themselves in police stations .
Indeed , they appear to be model citizens .
They married 26 years ago after meeting at a church music class .
Both belong to the Elim Pentecostal Church , where faith is expressed fervently , although neither would set out to make converts and there is certainly no religious paraphernalia on view in Bounty House .
Ben , now 53 , had been working in an aluminium factory in the Dutch town of Harderwijk when , in 1977 , he travelled to Liverpool in the hope of bettering himself .
Burly and physically imposing , but affable , he still speaks with a strong accent that even friends and family find difficult to understand .
It was on his second day in this country that he met Sharon , now 54 , who was then a secretary for a company director .
Realising they were unable to have children of their own , they adopted five children , all now grown up , and have fostered ten others over five years , including a three - year - old Muslim boy they took in for several months .
‘ We decided to become hoteliers because we thought it would mean we could combine family life with working , ’ said Sharon .
‘ We could all play a part .
It would also mean that Ben could do the cooking , something he has always enjoyed . ’
Ten years ago , they purchased the first of two Edwardian houses in a quiet cul - de-sac just a quarter of a mile from Aintree race course .
They acquired the second a year later and then , knocked together , the two became a nine - bedroom hotel .
It opened for business six years ago .
Despite an unpromising frontage coated in red weatherproofing , Bounty House boasts an indoor swimming pool , a sauna and furnishings more fashionably modern than you might expect of a suburban hotel .
The dining room has terracotta tiles on the floor and curtains in an olive green .
One of their best sources of income has been the National Health Service , which has used Bounty House for conference guests and groups of patients attending pain - relief courses at the Walton Centre , part of Aintree hospital .
There is nothing intolerant about their Christianity .
Until this case , many of their guests were Asian doctors attending conferences .
So happy were Ben and Sharon to accommodate the needs of their customers that they moved furniture in the bedrooms to allow Muslims floor space to pray .
It is a cruel coincidence that they had just recorded their first profit when , last March , disaster struck .
They had been serving breakfast to a group of eight patients attending a month - long pain - management course at the Walton Centre .
One of them was 60 - year - old Ericka Tazi , a white , British - born grandmother who converted to Islam 18 months ago .
Suffering from fibromyalgia – a condition that leads to acute muscular pain – she had been referred to the course by her GP .
The courses , which involve talks and practical sessions to help patients deal with chronic pain , can last between two and four weeks .
They are held at specialist regional clinics so are often residential , particularly for patients unable to make daily journeys .
Accommodation costs are met by the hospital .
A minibus picked up the Walton group every morning at about 8 am , after breakfast , and brought them back to Bounty House at about 4 pm .
Some were on crutches or sticks , although not Mrs Tazi .
Ben and Sharon had been on holiday when the group arrived , and the hotel was being looked after by the manager , her brother - in - law .
He reported that there had already been irritation among the group of patients due to robust but friendly exchanges on the subject of religion .
The Bounty House Hotel owned by the Vogelenzangs
But what happened on Friday , March 20 , three days after Ben and Sharon returned , appears to have come out of the blue .
What was said is the subject of angry dispute .
It is also a matter of some confusion , and as neither side is willing to revisit the subject in any detail the exact sequence of events may never be known .
According to Mrs Tazi , Mr Vogelenzang became enraged when she wore a hijab and an ankle - length gown on her last day at the hotel .
She says he asked her if she was a murderer and a terrorist and that he called the Prophet Mohammed a murderer and a warlord and likened him to Saddam Hussein and Hitler .
The hoteliers , for their part , say that nothing of the sort took place .
Although they admit that Sharon referred to the hijab as a form of bondage , they say she did so as part of a debate on religion .
There was no tirade and no abuse .
‘ We in no way wanted to insult Mrs Tazi , ’ said Sharon .
‘ We are committed Christians and we thought we were having an adult conversation . ’
After their exchanges with Mrs Tazi , they thought nothing of the incident until they received a phone call from the police a week later , informing them that a complaint had been lodged .
They were told they could not be interviewed immediately because the police officer leading the investigation was away , so an appointment was fixed for three weeks later .
Their interrogation on April 20 in St Anne ’s Street police station was led by DC Tracy O’Hara , who heads the North Liverpool unit of Sigma , the ‘ hate crimes department ’ .
According to Sharon , it was one of the most humiliating experiences of her life .
‘ The interview was very intense , ’ she said .
‘ We got to the police station at ten in the morning and left at about four o’clock .
We were interviewed separately .
I went into a small , white room with a table and four chairs .
‘ One of the two officers took notes and the interview was recorded on tape .
It was extremely hard to sit there and listen to a lot of lies being told about us . ’
In retrospect – though the police always acted professionally – Sharon feels they were trying to ‘ push ’ the case , in which she and her husband were accused of breaking Section Five of the Public Order Act .
‘ We had already spent an hour each with our solicitor , ’ she said .
‘ It felt like a nightmare , even though he said it was a low - level accusation and did n’t think that it would warrant us being charged .
‘ But he warned that if it did go that far and we needed his firm ’s services , we would be means - tested to see if we would be eligible for Legal Aid .
I knew we could not afford their services .
So even before I got into the interview room with the police officers , I was scared .
‘ The officers kept saying how serious these accusations were .
They stuck to questions about the events that allegedly took place .
They did n’t ask what we personally believed . ’
The couple had many supporters during the trial including friends , neighbours and fellow Christians
Sharon said the six hours in the police station ‘ felt like being in a bad dream – a surreal experience we could n’t escape from ’ .
She added : ‘ DC O’Hara , who asked most of the questions , was professional and courteous but very determined in her manner .
It felt like she asked us the same questions twice .
‘ The other female officer , Detective Sergeant Rhodes , also started asking me the same questions until my solicitor stepped in and said , “ I think she has already answered that . ”
‘ The officers told us that a serious complaint had been made against us .
We felt intimidated and humiliated .
They kept saying we were there voluntarily , but if we had n’t gone in they would have come and arrested us on our doorstep . ’
As Ben points out , it was shocking enough to be there in the first place .
‘ We are totally law - abiding citizens , ’ he said .
‘ We grew up with the idea that the police are your friends .
I am not so sure now . ’
To add to their burden , when they returned to their hotel , their manager told them that Walton Hospital , which had been providing the bulk of their business , was no longer prepared to send patients and medical staff to stay with them .
Since then , they have been losing about £ 8,000 a month and their dream of running a hotel that offers Christian hospitality is fading .
Their police interviews were followed by a distressing three - month wait before they were formally charged , a delay that was criticised by Deputy District Judge Richard Clancy as ‘ inordinate ’ .
At that point , they faced yet more humiliation .
‘ We had our fingerprints and photographs taken and we had to give a DNA swab – a sample taken from our cheeks with a cotton wool bud , ’ said Sharon .
‘ That was very upsetting and deeply intrusive .
We felt we were being treated like common criminals , that we were guilty until proven innocent .
‘ But the officers in the police station were considerate because they had a lot of rabble in , I think they called them , from the night before and they did n’t want us to go into
the arresting area at the same time .
‘ So they waited until everyone was out of the way .
But that did n’t change the fact that we felt totally humiliated being in that situation in the first place .
We were shocked when we heard that we were going to court .
We had never been in trouble .
It was just unbelievable . ’
The case was finally heard last week at Liverpool Magistrates ’ Court .
Sharon said : ‘ Because Ben was put on the stand first , I saw all the stress of the last eight months coming out as he gave his evidence .
I was determined to tell the truth and hoped someone would listen . ’
Fortunately for them , and for the course of justice , Judge Clancy was listening – and he threw out the case after only a few minutes ’ summing up , without even retiring to consider his verdict .
Describing Mrs Tazi ’s evidence as ‘ inconsistent ’ , he said that her account could not be trusted and that she was not quite the religious person she had presented herself to be in the witness box .
He referred to a conversation with the ambulance driver who took her to the pain - management course , in which she had told him the hotel owners ‘ were taking the p*** out of me ’ .
Ben said : ‘ We were surprised how fast the judge reached his decision .
‘ We were also amazed at the media interest – newspapers and TV stations from all over the world were ringing up .
‘ When we came out of court , we were so relieved – stunned but relieved .
There was sustained applause for five minutes after the verdict was given . ’
Life is still difficult , though .
The threats and abuse have left them fearful .
‘ Some of the messages are scary , ’ said Ben .
‘ They were saying things like , “ We will get you .
We will smash you up .
We know where you live . ”
‘ Will these threats be investigated as vigorously as the allegations against us ?
That remains to be seen . ’
The Vogelenzangs have supporters , too , of course .
Perhaps the one redeeming aspect of the sorry affair has been the solidarity of friends , neighbours and fellow Christians .
The Christian Institute organised a major fundraising drive for them and ran a publicity campaign .
‘ People around here were immediately up in arms when they read about our case in the Press , ’ said Sharon .
‘ Local churches of all denominations have supported us , and some members of the Muslim faith and people of no faith have also been supporting us . ’
Warm words , though , will not pay their debts or bring in badly needed customers .
‘ It ’s very serious , ’ said Sharon .
‘ We have one guest for January and do n’t have any other bookings until the Grand National in April .
The hotel could close .
It is up for sale and we may have to hand in the keys if we ca n’t pay the mortgage .
We could n’t have survived until now without gifts from Christians around the world . ’
In keeping with their faith , they say they forgive Mrs Tazi and blame the legal system for their predicament , which has forced them to lay off a number of staff .
‘ She does n’t have any idea of the devastation she has caused , ’ said Sharon .
‘ But we do n’t have harsh feelings towards her .
We are just sad that the system has allowed this to happen .
‘ Cases like this make the whole legal system and police system in this country a farce .
How can the taxpayer keep up with it ?
So please do n’t let this happen again – and give Christians the same rights as every other group , large or small . ’
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Santa ’s on his way , which means it ’s time for that great year - end tradition : the listicle !
Thus , we bring you the Top 10 Most Evil and / or Ridiculous Things Done By or On Behalf Of Coal in 2009 , in descending order .
10 . Coal ’s favorite congressman , Nick Rahall ( D - W.Va . ) , jumping out of a plane to show his support for coal .
9 . Industry group using iStockphotos instead of real people in their “ grassroots ” FACES of Coal campaign .
8. West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin ( D ) declaring coal the official state rock .
7. Handing out coal propaganda to kids .
6. Republican House members circulating talking points straight from the coal industry .
5 . Coal lobby gets more than $ 60 billion in handouts for “ clean ” coal in the House cap - and - trade bill while avoiding the vast majority of regulations — but still opposes the legislation .
4 . The West Virginia Chamber of Commerce pushing senators to hold health care legislation hostage until the Obama administration ends its “ war on coal . ”
3. Steve Miller , CEO of Americans for Clean Coal Electricity , the main coal lobby group , appearing to lie under oath about the organization ’s views on climate legislation in a congressional hearing .
2. ACCCE misrepresenting two major veterans ’ groups in an email hyping coal ’s role in energy security .
1. Bonner and Associates sending forged letters to Congress ( for ACCCE ) claiming to be on behalf of veteran groups , minorities , women , and senior citizens .
Got your own reccomendations ?
Weigh in below .
While we ’re at it , who can forget 2008 ’s greatest hit , the Clean Coal Carolers ?
Last Christmas , they brought us delightful hits like “ Clean Coal Night , ” “ Deck the Halls with Clean Coal , ” and “ O Technology , ” at least until some PR person at ACCCE realized what an awful idea this was and yanked them off the internet .
Thank goodness Treehugger saved the video for posterity .
Here ’s my personal favorite , “ Frosty the Coal Man ” :
AUSTRALIA should plan for a new city , like a Gold Coast of the west , to cope with the population boom predicted by 2050 , says the demographer Bernard Salt .
The country has the resources to accommodate a projected 35 million people but Australians will have to get smarter about where and how they live .
'' It will require a significant modification in the way we have settled the country and our lifestyle , '' the KPMG demographer said .
'' It might also be appropriate to look for a new city up north , in the same way that in the last 50 years we 've created the Gold Coast . ''
The rainfall and agriculture of the Pilbara and the Kimberley made it suitable for more intensive development , he said .
The Prime Minister , Kevin Rudd , stoked the population debate by warning of a squeeze on the health system as baby boomers aged .
The Opposition Leader , Tony Abbott , weighed in , questioning the sustainability of increased migration .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Insurgents were able to use a mass - market software program to view live feeds from U.S. military Predator drones monitoring targets in Iraq , a U.S. official indicated to CNN Thursday .
The breach by Iranian - backed Shiite militants was discovered late last year , according to U.S. military and defense officials .
The story was first reported in the Wall Street Journal on Thursday .
The U.S. official , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to discuss the information , said no U.S. troops or combat missions had been compromised because of the intrusion .
There also is evidence that unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) feeds also have been hacked in Afghanistan , according to the Journal article , but there was no evidence the militants were able to take control of the remote aircrafts ' systems in either country .
The inexpensive software , created by a Russian company called SkyGrabber , is downloadable off the Internet .
It allows users to take advantage of unprotected communication links in some of the UAVs .
A senior defense official who was not authorized to speak about the security breach said , " This was an old issue for us and it has been taken care of , " but he would not elaborate on what specifically had been taken care of .
The official said that many of the UAV feeds need to be sent out live to numerous people at one time , and encryption was found to slow the real - time link .
The encryption therefore was removed from many feeds .
Removing the encryption , however , allowed outsiders with the correct tools to gain unauthorized access to these feeds .
Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman would not comment on any of the article 's details but said that any security breaches that arise are addressed .
" The department constantly evaluates and seeks to improve both the performance as well as the security of various intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance systems and platforms , " Whitman said .
" If and when we identify any shortfalls we obviously correct them as a continuous process of seeking both improved capabilities as well as improved security . "
Lt. Gen. David Deptula , who is in charge of the Air Force 's UAV mission , said the military is trying to fix vulnerabilities with improved encryption on UAV feeds .
" Those kinds of things are subject to listening and exploitation , " he told reporters Wednesday when asked about vulnerabilities of UAV systems .
One U.S. official said special operations troops identified the threat " years ago " in Iraq and over the past two years have been " vastly improving " encryption on their various communications systems , including full - motion video .
The official said the United States generally can operate these systems with impunity in third - world countries that do n't have the technology to tap into open satellite feeds .
However , according to the official , Iran has been pushing the SkyGrabber - like technology to Shiite militants in Iraq essentially to see what the United States is looking at because Iranians believe they will be invaded next .
The vulnerability could date back to the 1990s , said Peter Singer , a military technology analyst for the Brookings Institution .
" In fact , in the Balkans , people with any satellite dish were able to intercept the communications from these systems , and watch special operations raids in Bosnia while sitting in their home , " he said .
Before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , it is believed Saddam Hussein was able to monitor drone feeds .
The Iraqis " located and downloaded the unencrypted satellite feed from U.S. military UAVs , " a 2005 CIA report surmised .
The U.S. military and intelligence operations use pilotless drones in Iraq and Afghanistan both for surveillance and to fire missiles at targets .
While the CIA has never publicly acknowledged it , the agency operates the unmanned planes in Pakistan , where it has used drones to strike at Taliban and al Qaeda operatives , according to officials familiar with the strategy .
But a U.S. official with knowledge of CIA and military UAV missions told CNN the drones used in Pakistan missions use encrypted feeds and are not vulnerable to hacking like the military drones used in Iraq .
The official said the drones employed by the intelligence community in Pakistan , which use state - of - the - art encryption technology , are used in a much more limited capacity than the military drones .
One of the developers of the SkyGrabber technology told CNN via e-mail that the software was developed to pull unprotected satellite feeds so that people in Russia could watch TV or gain access to the Internet in areas otherwise unable to get such signals .
" The software is intercepting data received from a satellite dish -- it does n't say whether or not the data is classified , let alone that it is military data , " said Andrew Solonikov .
He said the U.S. military has not contacted him about the reported security breach .
" Even if I wanted to do something about it , I would n't know what to do , " he said .
Solonikov insisted the software was not developed for the use it has been put to in Iraq .
" [ It seems that ] somebody has invented a way to use this program outside of its intended purpose , " he said .
" But generally speaking , this points to a large security gap that the American military has missed . "
CNN 's Pam Benson and Michael Sefanov contributed to this report .
Forget the admitting of steroid use by many of todays big time players .
Let ’s not even ponder thoughts of what the game would be like without them because , as much as we hate to digest it , it is real .
Forget the Cansecos , McGwires , A - Rods , and the hundreds of others with the “ cheater ” label now casted upon them .
Yes , long before all of this some 40 years ago to be exact , there was Pirates pitcher Dock Ellis , and LSD .
You think towering home runs are a feat ?
How about throwing a no hitter while on drugs ?
Yes the colorful Ellis made , “ bizarre ” an art form .
The day was June 12th , 1970 in sunny San Diego , California .
The Pittsburgh Pirates are scheduled to play a double header against the Padres , and the pitcher for the first of those two games was Ellis .
The only problem was that Ellis was out partying all through the night and into next morning with friends from the area .
In fact it was the girlfriend of one of his pals that had reminded him that he was scheduled to pitch that day .
“ I remember her flipping through the newspaper and saying , baby you are pitching today ” .
So Ellis , still high as a kite from hits of LSD , got himself to the ballpark , and in fact made his way to the mound .
The claims stem out like crazy .
Many would go on to say that Ellis was straight up tripping right on the mound .
He has stated how he scored drugs from a regular San Diego connection who was sitting in the first row at the stadium that day .
Ellis himself claimed ” – http://www.baseballreliquary.org/ellis.htm
“ I can only remember bits and pieces of the game .
I was psyched .
I had a feeling of euphoria .
I was zeroed in on the ( catcher ’s ) glove , but I did n’t hit the glove too much .
I remember hitting a couple of batters and the bases were loaded two or three times .
The ball was small sometimes , the ball was large sometimes , sometimes I saw the catcher , sometimes I did n’t .
Sometimes I tried to stare the hitter down and throw while I was looking at him .
I chewed my gum until it turned to powder .
I started having a crazy idea in the fourth inning that Richard Nixon was the home plate umpire , and once I thought I was pitching a baseball to Jimi Hendrix , who to me was holding a guitar and swinging it over the plate .
They say I had about three to four fielding chances .
I remember diving out of the way of a ball I thought was a line drive .
I jumped , but the ball was n’t hit hard and never reached me .
I recall covering first base and catching the ball and tagging the bag all in one motion and thinking to myself Touchdown ! ” – http://www.baseballreliquary.org/ellis.htm
In the end of said nightmare Ellis would end up with a no-hitter , despite his ugly stat line of eight batters walked , three batters hit by pitches and six strikeouts .
He stuck to the claim that the game was pretty much one big acid trip .
He had made claims about covering first base on a ball that was not even in the infield .
His teammates had to constantly let him know he was at the ball park and that he was throwing a no-hitter , because as he claimed “ I had to count my own pitches and keep track of my own stats ” .
It was the simple fear of failure that lured Ellis to his drug stages while pitching in the majors .
Ellis was a cagey right - hander , an outspoken racial hero for the African American athlete .
He ended his career with 138 wins and 119 losses and an ERA of 3.46 .
He was elected to the 1971 All - Star game but elected not to start against fellow black pitcher and American League All - Star Vida Blue stating “ there is no way baseball will ever let 2 soul brothers pitch against each other in a game like this ” .
Ellis went on later that year to win a World Series with the Pirates .
His controversial stand did not end there .
In 1972 he hit Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson with a pitch in the face and called it retaliation for Jackson ’s long home run he hit off of Ellis in the ’ 71 All Star Game .
In 1973 , Ellis began to wear curlers in his hair to the ball park , after an article in Ebony magazine blasted him for his constantly crazy hair styles , and also got heat from baseballs commisioners office for turbulence he had caused throughout baseball .
Then in 1974 , Ellis made a statement to , “ revive listless and less hungry teammates ” by vowing to hit every member of the Reds line - up with pitches .
In one inning he plunked Dan Driessen in the back , threw 4 balls at the head and jaw of Tony Perez , then threw at the head of Johnny Bench .
Although he was quickly removed from that game , it seemed to make a mark on his teammates and they went on to win the division once again .
In 1976 , a seemingly more subdued Ellis was named baseballs Comeback Player Of The Year , after finishing 17 - 8 with a 3.19 ERA for the New York Yankees .
He also won game 3 of the League Championship Series against the Royals Less flare , less press , but the same Dock Ellis .
Some years after his playing days , Ellis , who was always seen as a trouble maker , militant and rebel , actually served good in the community .
He was an anti-drug crusader and spent much of his post - baseball days speaking to prisoners and kids about the dangers of drug use .
“ For me I just stopped , I knew it would kill me if I didnt ” Ellis claimed .
Pill popping and acid hits were quite common for Ellis , as was excessive drinking , which led to his diagnosis of Cirrhousis in 2007 .
Ellis passed away in 2008 from liver failure .
Stats courtesy of Snopes.com .
If you ’d like to hear anything else from me on topics or ideas I can be reached at [ email protected ]
Read Bases Loaded : The Inside Story of the Steroid Era in Baseball by the Central Figure in the Mitchell Report by clicking here .
( Visited 111 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
Micron Technology Inc. announced today a new solid - state drive ( SSD ) that it described as the industry 's fastest for notebook and desktop PCs with about 50 % better data transfer speeds compared with today 's best consumer - grade flash drives .
Micron 's RealSSD C300 drive is the first to leverage the SATA 3.0 specification , which offers 6 Gbit / sec. throughput and the Open NAND Flash Interface ( ONFI ) 2.1 specification providing sequential read speeds of up to 355 MB / sec. and sequential write speeds of up to 215MB / sec. , Micron said .
All current SSD and most hard disk drives use the SATA 2.0 , 3 Gbit/ sec. interface .
" This drive is the fastest on 6 G bit / sec. SATA and it's the fastest on 3 Gbit / sec. SATA , " said Dean Klein , vice president of memory system development at Micron .
" So even on a system that does n't have a 6 G bit port , it 's an impressive drive . "
The C300 SSD is Micron 's first product using 34 nanometer ( nm ) lithography technology , which allowed the company to double the NAND flash chip density over its previous 50nm technology .
Micron is manufacturing its SSDs using two different NAND flash chip types : a 32 G bit multi - level cell ( MLC ) NAND chip that offers up to 30,000 write / erase cycles , and a 16 G bit single - level cell ( SLC ) NAND chip capable of 300,000 write / erase cycles , the company said .
The ReadSSD C300 uses MLC flash chips .
MLC NAND allows two or more bits to be stored per flash memory cell and SLC allows only one bit per cell .
Micron RealSSD
C300 is based on eight internal parallel channels to its interleaved flash chips .
By comparison , OCZ 's highest - end consumer SSD , its Agility EX -- which uses high - grade SLC - flash memory -- has a peak read rate of 255MB / sec. and a top write rate of 195MB / sec .
Also considered an industry leader is Intel 's X25 - M consumer - grade SSD , which uses a 10 - channel architecture and delivers a top sequential read speed of 230MB / sec. and a 100 MB / sec .. top write speed .
" [ Intel 's SSD ] used to be the industry bar , now ours is , " Klein said .
The drive also takes advantage of the faster ONFI 2.1 specification , which was released earlier this year .
The new ONFI specification increases the data transfer speed per channel from 40 megatransfers ( MT ) per second in the older asynchronous SATA mode to 166MT to 200MT / sec in the new synchronous mode that ONCI 2.1 ushered in .
A MT is equal to 1 million data transfers per second .
" The time it takes to get the data to the NAND and off the channel to do something else is shortened , so even on writes , your performance can go up significantly , " Klein said .
The new C300 drives will be available in 1.8 - in. and 2.5 - in. models .
Both models will come in 128GB and 256GB capacities and will ship in the first quarter of 2010 .
Micron is targeting its drive at equipment manufacturers and said volume pricing for the C300 SSD in quantities greater than 1,000 units would be $ 350 for the 128GB model and $ 715 for the 256GB drive .
Micron posted a video of its RealSSD C300 drive to demonstrate its performance advantages .
" Hard drives gain little performance advantage when using SATA 6 Gbit / sec. because of mechanical limitations , " Klein said .
" As a developer of leading - edge NAND technology , along with our sophisticated controller and firmware innovations , Micron is well positioned to tune our drives to take full advantage of the faster speeds achieved using the SATA 6 Gbit / sec. interface .
The combination of these technology advancements has enabled the RealSSD C300 drive to far outshine the competition . "
To access my MA Final project click on the image above to go to the mini-site , or check it out at the Education section of Gamasutra.com
Noam Chomsky & the WSM discuss politics over breakfast
Chomsky meets fellow Anarchists in Dublin
During Noam Chomsky 's recent visit to Ireland five members of the Workers Solidarity Movement met him over breakfast to talk over a range of issues from Palestine to the capitalist crisis to social partnership to Iran to Obama and the US Labour Movement .
Notes on the discussion are below .
The conversation is about 52 minutes long and as its recorded over breakfast there is a fair bit of cutlery noise included .
The notes below are a very rough outline to the conversation noted down as I edited the audio file , its is not a transcript but a summary and there are substantial gaps in it as the conversation goes back and forth .
Note the acronym BDS is used a couple of times in the conversation , this stands for Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS )
Farah - Voices in the Wilderness , going to Iraq and Lebanon , what the Israelis did to Lebanon in 2006 , problems getting the facts to the American people
Chomsky - you can't non violently shoot down fighter jets
Etain - Gaza protests in Ireland
Ger - Palestinian solidarity groups in Ireland , the Goldstone report and Israeli war crimes
Chomsky - the flaws of the Goldstone report , lies in the NY Times , unprovoked aggression is a war crime , problems with the tactics of the Palestinian solidarity movement , have to change US policy , the successful South African example
Ger - Irish activists should target our government , suspend EuroMed agreement , Irish government position is just rhetoric
Chomsky - Europe voted with US to block an International Atomic Energy Commission demand that Israel open its reactors for inspection , did Ireland vote for this .
Farah - the difficult of pro Palestinian activism in the US
Chomsky - experience of protests against him speaking on the issue at US colleges and using that to build events
Julian - how is the financial crisis being reported to the working class in the mainstream media
Chomsky - somewhat accurate but it does n't explain why the crisis is happening and so the Murdoch right press and lunatics are providing cry answers .
The Liberal Democrats can't give the right answers so they are stuck with Rush Limbugh and Sarah Palin .
Etain - what should the anarchist response be
Chomsky - explain how the policies of the last 30 years enrich rich people , these are policies of Carter , Clinton and Obama .
Obama 's financial advisors should be in jail .
Etain - Irish media trying to divide public and private sector workers , unions only strong in public sector , what can we do
Chomsky - build the labour movement , there has been a major campaign since WWII to undermine unions , its part of the reason the US has no health care , UAW in the US only fought for its own workers , in Canada the unions fought for everyone .
Johnny - how can anarchists and Irish workers counter anti-union
Chomsky - education , organization and tactics that are at the level of people 's understanding , union bureaucracy is usually the enemy but the workforce may trust them so you can't simply say they are the enemy .
Gerry - we need to go back to Larkin
Chomsky - the working class is in trouble if it accepts the one big family line .
There was some rational to partnership in giving a broader range of the workforce the benefits of the Celtic Tiger .
Etain - the fear of a return to emigration and unemployment is real
Julian - heads of ICTU put pension levy on the table , 120 k workers wanted a general strike but the strike never happened , was very demoralizing
Chomsky - the degeneration of workers solidarity has been pretty remarkable , Obama spoke at a Caterpillar factory but there were no protests from the Labor Movement , it was the first factory in generations back in the 80's to call in scabs , strikers did not get community support because of collapse of working class culture , that 's where Obama goes to give his solidarity speech
Ger - how does that compare with workers struggles in Argentina in 2001
Chomsky - that crisis really destroyed the economy , there have been little revolts in the US like the Republic Windows and Doors sit in in Chicago , lot of the workers got their jobs back , auto plants are being shut down but high speed rail could be build in those plants
Ger - Waterford crystal & Visteon occupations in Ireland
Chomsky - I followed that .
In the New Deal as soon as workers started sitting in that is when legislation was passed .
In Argentina it happened after everything collapsed , you do n't want to wait till that .
Youngstown ,
Ohio saw an attempt to have a legal take over of the plants by the workers rather than a closure , that is where anarchists should be pushing to take the next step .
From giving talks in working class areas people think its kinda reasonable , that is labor history , someone has got to light that spark .
Etain - importance of education , how do you deal with apart and people not getting terms like anarchist
Chomsky - subtract the terms , they scare people , just talk about taking over the plant
Etain - what is the best way to communicate that
Chomsky - house to house organizing , neighborhood meetings , remember antiwar and civil rights movement started with small meetings of 4 people
Johnny - what is the medias role in driving a wedge between workers
Ger - media furore about the release of last two ( provo ) IRA prisoners but no reporting of military refueling at Shannon
Chomsky - they are doing their job , they are part of the state corporate system , praise them for occasionally breaking out .
Journalists believe in what they are doing just like soviet party hacks .
They can criticize someone else 's crimes but not those of their own state .
Julian - media crusade against Shell to Sea campaign
Chomsky - media critique is a good thing to do but you can't act if your surprised .
Purpose of critique is not to change media but to get people to understand the filters
Etain - should grassroots groups be advocating strikes or a building social centers
Chomsky - does the population understand what tomorrows ( ICTU ) demonstration is about ?
Impressions of the audience at the Pat Kenny discussion about the demonstration , they seemed very split about it .
This can be harmful , happened to the anti-war protests in the 60's with split to maoist cults and weathermen which turned into a gift for Nixon .
People can understand taking over a factory .
It 's pretty straightforward .
All tactics need to be adopted to the circumstance
Etain - why are so few women involved in politics
Chomsky - are you sure its true , there are plenty of women now and in the past e.g. Women 's Strike for Peace .
The anarchist tradition has plenty , participation is better now then before due to feminist movement , there are less barriers .
Back in the Spanish Civil
War the women anarchist leaders were supporting sexist practise that would n't happen now .
Farah - some of biggest social justice movement in Middle East are women 's movements , even on agenda of Iranian election
Chomsky - a bit on Iranian election , feminist movement in Afghanistan preceded that in the US .
Farah - perception that women do n't have rights in a lot of Islamic countries , going to a protest after that about execution of scholars , do you have thoughts on Iran
Chomsky - will there be a demonstration in Iran outside the US embassy tomorrow as they have banned all demonstrations .
It 's a very touchy situation , its unclear how we can best help , a strong stand against the government is good from one point of view but it helps the government paint the demonstrations as a western plot .
You do n't want protest to take a form that can be exploited by the ruling clerics .
On Afghanistan we can make sure their voices are heard .
Farah - Code
Pink recently came out against a timetable for US withdrawal after visiting Afghanistan , it was very disappointing
Chomsky - who did they talk to , Afghan women are caught between awful forces , where do you find a way out that does n't leave one of these forces in power .
Farah - EU ambassadors saying they do n't want to tell Afghan government how to treat their women as its culturally insensitive
Chomsky - best period for women in Kabul was probably during the Russian occupation , big problem was with US backed Islamic radicals , was n't possible to get stuff published that said this .
Ger - can I ask for your opinions on Free Gaza and Viva Palestina movement
Chomsky - really inspiring development , something totally new in the history of imperialism , if Israel rams the boats its an organizing technique , if they get through its great , people have been beaten and kidnapped by Israeli forces , one thing that can turn US government policy and that 's the real target .
One goal is to help the Palestinians directly which is fine but also tactics that can shift US policy is critically significant .
Europe can take an independent stand and Ireland could help this happen .
---
When Chomsky was in Dublin in 2006 he did a private questions and answers session for the WSM and guests at the Teachers Club .
You can view the video recording of this at our youtube channel at http://www.youtube.com/wsmireland#p/u/12/R5HO0O4-Kck
That presentation if more focused on a discussion of anarchism and anarchist history
Noam Chomsky on Anarchism , Marxism & Hope for the Future - http://www.wsm.ie/story/448
Interview between Noam Chomsky and Kevin Doyle of the WSM from 1995
Exclusive to STR
Ever wonder how politicians like Harry Reid can say , with a straight face , that the United States income tax is a ' voluntary ' tax ?
Here is a video of Mr. Reid explaining how the US tax system is voluntary .
Mr. Reid is no dummy .
He knows what he is talking about .
He is speaking the truth .
He is just not telling the whole truth .
The whole truth , which Mr. Reid will not share with us plebes , is there that the US income tax system is a voluntary system , but it begins with employers ' voluntarily , ' under the threat of draconian federal fines and imprisonment , saying false things about their employees .
If you are an employer and refuse to lie about your employee to the IRS , you could be imprisoned .
That is how voluntary it is .
To truly understand Mr. Reid 's voluntary system , it is important to first recognize that the Internal Revenue Code is a statute .
Statutes are positive , man-made , law .
In evaluating the rights and obligations of individuals under positive , man -made statutes , words and definitions are vitally important .
For example , if the definition of ' employee ' in the Code was ' green bananas , ' and you are an employer who has 40 hard - working , honest employees but no green bananas on your payroll , you have no employees as defined by the Code .
To employ a more nuanced example , if the Code defined employee as ' a person of American Indian descent , ' only the poor Native American on the payroll would be an employee as defined by the Code .
The other 39 non-Native American employees would not be Code - defined employees .
The IRS , through its 3 million - word Code , successfully compels employers to ' voluntarily ' withhold income from their employees and pay it to the federal government and further compels them to file year - end W - 2 and 1099 statements claiming that their employees ' income derives from federally taxable activities .
Even though millions of employers do this every quarter , the question remains , are all these employees ' green bananas ' ( individuals whose income derives from federally taxable activities ) as defined by the Code ?
The Code of course provides a powerful incentive , fines and imprisonment , if employers fail to tell the IRS that their employee is a green banana subject to the federal income tax .
So here 's how Mr. Reid 's voluntary system works .
The withholding provisions that apply to workers are found in chapters 21 and 24 of the Code .
For instance , in chapter 24 , Section 3402 , entitled ' Income tax collected at source , ' requires all ' employers ' who pay ' wages ' to ' employees ' to withhold a percentage of those wages and send them to the federal government .
Section 3402 requires all ' employers ' paying ' wages ' to withhold from those wages a percentage of those wages as determined by Treasury Secretary ( and failed tax protestor ) Timothy Geithner :
' 3402 .
Income tax collected at source
( a) Requirement of withholding
(1) In general
Except as otherwise provided in this section , every employer making payment of wages shall deduct and withhold upon such wages a tax determined in accordance with tables or computational procedures prescribed by the Secretary .
If , after reading the foregoing section , an employer is not sufficiently persuaded to deduct money from his employee 's paycheck and send it to the federal government , the Code provides a panoply of incentives .
Section 7201 threatens to fine ( up to $ 500,000 ) and imprison ( up to 5 years ) any employer who willfully tries to evade ' or defeat ' any tax imposed by the Code .
That 's right , defeat .
If an employer reads the Code and willfully fights to ' defeat ' it with things like truth and sound arguments , it could be a crime .
Land of the free ?
Home of the brave ?
More like , speak up and they will throw you in the clink .
In addition , section 6662 threatens to fine an employer who underwithholds or fails to withhold .
So the Code provides employers with strong incentive to tell the IRS that their employees are ' employees ' as defined by the Code and that their wages are ' wages ' as referenced in section 3402 .
So what , you might ask .
What is untruthful about any of that ?
Or you may be one of those who thinks that all tax protestors , including the brave and intelligent Irwin Schiff , father to Austrian economist and candidate for Senate Peter Schiff , are simply skinflint crackpots .
They should just shut up and pay their fair share to abet the killing of Third World brown people and bail out silk - stocking Wall Street bankers .
After all , everyone knows that we are all obligated to pay federal income taxes and also knows that things like roads , bridges and police did not exist before the 1913 Fabian Socialist income tax .
Here is the rub .
The most relevant , most important definitions of ' green bananas ' ( the people whose activities are subject to the withholding called for in 3402 ) , the definitions of ' employee ' and ' wages ' , are also contained in chapter 24 , subtitle C of the Code , in section 3401 .
Here is where an employer can discover whether any of their employees are actually ' employees ' as referenced in section 3402 , and whether these employees ' pay actually qualifies as the ' wages ' subject to the withholding mandated under section 3402 :
( a) Wages
For purposes of this chapter , the term ' wages ' means all remuneration ( other than fees paid to a public official ) for services performed by an employee for his employer , including the cash value of all remuneration ( including benefits ) paid in any medium other than cash ;
The definition of wages begs the question , ' who is an employee ' ?
The answer is also found in section 3401 :
( c ) Employee
For purposes of this chapter , the term ' employee ' includes an officer , employee , or elected official of the United States , a State , or any political subdivision thereof , or the District of Columbia , or any agency or instrumentality of any one or more of the foregoing .
The term ' employee ' also includes an officer of a corporation .
Pretty narrow definition .
Clearly does n't include any free market employee .
Strange , but true .
In future pieces I will discuss the history and development of the Code .
So you see , when Mr. Reid says that the income tax system is voluntary , what he means is that employers , after reading section 3402 and perhaps reading the narrow definitions of wages and employees in section 3401 , and finally reviewing the draconian sanctions under sections 7201 and 6662 , ' voluntarily ' send a portion of their employees ' paychecks to the IRS and further provide the IRS with W - 2's and 1099 's reporting that their employees ( regardless of whether or not they are in fact employed by the federal government or otherwise engaged in any federally taxable activities ) have earned taxable wages .
The poor free market employer is therefore coerced by the IRS into falsely informing the IRS that his free market employee is an employee as defined by section 3401 ( c ) .
This is how Mr. Reid 's voluntary system starts , with a false employer statement that effectively throws employees down an IRS rabbit hole where the fundamental rights contained in the Fourth Amendment and Fifth Amendment do not exist .
Innocent employees , unschooled in statutory construction , uneducated in the history of law , logic and often grammar , are faced with the choice of fighting an 800 pound gorilla or living a life of quiet desperation .
Those who do fight , like Irwin Schiff , end up political prisoners at 81 years old , having done nothing but attempt to expose a coercive and violent fraud .
Libertarians and Austrian economists are not surprised to learn that the current withholding system , clearly theft based on coerced false statements , was the WWII brainchild of Chicago school monetarist Milton Friedman along with members of the Federal Reserve - cheerleader Brookings Institution , the US Senate and the US Treasury .
The issue gets even more interesting , however , because the Rubik 's Cube - complex Code contains thousands of definitions , even some broader , all - encompassing definitions of ' employer ' and ' employee , ' particularly in section 3121 , Subtitle C , Chapter 21 relating to FICA and FUTA insurance withholding .
See , e.g. 26 U.S.C. ' 3121 ( b ) ( employer defined for purposes of FICA and FUTA taxes ) and ' 3121(d ) ( 2 ) ( employer defined for purposed of FICA and FUTA taxes ) .
Even these broad definitions , however , harmlessly fall to the floor like the angry bullets aimed at Neo in the Matrix when met with other definitions , also in section 3121 , that appear to be purposely drafted to miss their target :
(e) State , United States , and citizen
For purposes of this chapter '
(1) State
The term ' State ' includes the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , and American Samoa .
(2) United States
The term ' United States ' when used in a geographical sense includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , and American Samoa .
An individual who is a citizen of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ( but not otherwise a citizen of the United States ) shall be considered , for purposes of this section , as a citizen of the United States .
26 U.S.C. ' 3121(e ) .
Applying all of the definitions contained in sections 3121 , it is clear that FICA and FUTA insurance taxes apply to each and every and all kinds of employment relationships , but only in Samoa .
Nowhere does section 3121 define or reference any of the 50 States .
You can search the Code for yourself here .
It is therefore fair to say that Mr. Reid 's income tax is a voluntary system that begins with employers lying about their employees and their taxable income and further that the insurance withholding ( FICA and FUTA ) provisions in the Code have no ' geographical ' application within the 50 sovereign states and that non-government , free market employers within the 50 States who pay FICA and FUTA withholding to the IRS do so ' voluntarily ' in spite of the very clear and very narrow definition of both ' State ' and ' United States ' contained in section 3121 .
Just being patriotic , I guess .
Wow , that Irwin Schiff sure is a nutbar , huh ?
Who would be so silly to go to prison for revealing a truth that could crash the empire and set free future generations ?
But do n't try this at home , kids .
Peter Hendrickson , author of Cracking the Code , tried to present these arguments in a criminal trial in Michigan in October of 2009 .
The judge in Mr. Hendrickson 's case refused to allow Mr. Hendrickson to provide the jury with access to the actual statutes so the jury could read the law themselves .
The judge apparently believes that the plain language of these statutes might confuse the jurors .
Welcome to the USSA .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Liberals have not done enough public wrestling with Massimo Calabresi and Michael Weisskopf ’s Time article on the ouster of White House counsel Gregory Craig .
Perhaps that ’s because they do n’t want to deal with the article ’s troubling implications .
As Kevin explains , Craig was “ the White House lawyer tasked with dismantling Bush - era interrogation and detention policies .
At first , Obama was on board with Craig ’s plans .
Then , reality set in . ”
By “ reality , ” Kevin presumably means “ political reality . ”
Time says that as soon as Obama ’s positions on Bush era torture — releasing the torture photos , for example — became politically difficult , the president jettisoned them .
He did this despite the fact that he had been “ prepared to accept — and had even okayed ” those same positions “ just weeks earlier ” :
First to go was the release of the pictures of detainee abuse .
Days later , Obama sided against Craig again , ending the suspension of Bush ’s extrajudicial military commissions .
The following week , Obama pre-empted an ongoing debate among his national - security team and embraced one of the most controversial of Bush ’s positions : the holding of detainees without charges or trial , something he had promised during the campaign to reject .
But perhaps the most damning part of the Time piece is this sentence , near the beginning , that summarizes exactly what has happened in Obama ’s White House :
[ Obama ] quietly shifted responsibility for the legal framework for counterterrorism from Craig to political advisers overseen by Emanuel , who was more inclined to strike a balance between left and right .
Take a minute to think about how the left would respond to this if Obama was a Republican president .
Obama delegated the responsibility for determining what to do about detainees to his political advisers .
If George W. Bush had charged his political advisers , including Karl Rove , with crafting such policy , the entire blogosphere would have melted down from outrage overload .
Obama ’s actions here are deeply at odds with the public image he cultivated during his campaign — idealist , civil libertarian , constitutional law professor , someone who rose above politics .
You can claim that the president is a “ pragmatist , ” and always has been , but Obama draped himself in idealism and principle during the campaign .
The left always complained that Bush let politics drive his policy decisions .
But in this instance , could n’t Obama be accused of the same thing ?
The abstract explains what the authors are up to :
Transitive inference , class inclusion and a variety of other inferential abilities have strikingly similar developmental profiles — all are acquired around the age of five .
Yet , little is known about the reasons for this correspondence .
Category theory was invented as a formal means of establishing commonalities between various mathematical structures .
We use category theory to show that transitive inference and class inclusion involve dual mathematical structures , called product and coproduct .
Other inferential tasks with similar developmental profiles , including matrix completion , cardinality , dimensional changed card sorting , balance - scale ( weight - distance integration ) , and Theory of Mind also involve these structures .
By contrast , ( co ) products are not involved in the behaviours exhibited by younger children on these tasks , or simplified versions that are within their ability .
These results point to a fundamental cognitive principle under development during childhood that is the capacity to compute ( co ) products in the categorical sense .
A lot of the paper is taken up with explaining coproducts , which suggests a variant of the old Groucho Marx joke :
But mathematicians who already understand coproducts might find this the most interesting part :
Children acquire various reasoning skills over remarkably similar periods of development .
Transitive Inference and Class Inclusion are two behaviours among a suite of inferential abilities that have strikingly similar developmental profiles — all are acquired around the age of five years .
For example , older children can infer that if John is taller than Mary , and Mary is taller than Sue , then John is taller than Sue .
This form of reasoning is called Transitive Inference .
Older children also understand that a grocery store will contain more fruit than apples .
That is , the number of items belonging to the superclass is greater than the number of items in any one of its subclasses .
This form of reasoning is called Class Inclusion .
These two types of inference appear to have little in common .
Transitive Inference typically involves physical relationships between objects , while Class Inclusion involves abstract relative sizes of object classes .
Nonetheless , explicit tests of these and other inferences for a range of age groups revealed that success was attained from about the median age of five years .
Since Piaget , decades of research have revealed important clues regarding the development of inference , yet little is known about the reasons underlying these correspondences .
A common theme in two recent proposals is the computing of relational information .
In regard to Relational Complexity theory , the correspondence between commonly acquired cognitive behaviours is based on the maximum arity of relations that must be processed ( e.g. , tasks acquired after age five involve ternary relations , i.e. , relations between three items ) .
In regard to Cognitive Complexity and Control theory , the correspondence is based on the common depth of relation hierarchies .
Although a relational approach to cognitive behaviour has a formal basis in relational algebra , certain assumptions must be made about the units of analysis .
For tasks as diverse in procedure and content as Transitive Inference and Class Inclusion , it is difficult to see how the analysis of one task leads naturally to the other .
For Relational Complexity theory , Transitive Inference is considered to involve the integration of two binary relations between task elements into an ordered triple , or ternary relation ; whereas Class Inclusion is regarded as the integration of three binary relations between three sets of elements ( one complement and two containments ) into a ternary relation .
For Cognitive Complexity and Control theory , Transitive Inference involves relations over items ; whereas Class Inclusion involves relations over sets of items .
This theoretical difficulty is symptomatic of the general problem in cognitive science where the basic components of cognition are unknown .
In the absence of such detailed knowledge , cognitive modelers have been forced to assume a particular representational format ( e.g. , symbolic , or subsymbolic ) .
This approach , however , does not lend itself to the current problem , because the elements of Transitive Inference and Class Inclusion tasks ( i.e. , objects and classes of objects ) do not share a common basis .
Understandably , then , these sorts of behaviours have tended to be studied in detailed isolation , narrowing the scope for identifying general principles .
Category theory was born out of a desire to establish formal commonalities between various mathematical structures , and has since been applied to the analysis of computational structures in computer science .
The seminal insight was a shift from objects as the primary focus of analysis to their transformations .
Contrast , for instance , sets defined in terms of ( the properties of ) the objects they contain —
Set Theory — against sets defined in terms of the morphisms that map to or from them — Category Theory .
This insight motivates our categorical approach to the analysis of inference , and our way around the current impasse .
In cognitive science , several authors have used category theory for a conceptual analysis of space and time , though we know of only one other application that has modeled empirical data .
Since our application of category theory to cognitive behaviour is novel , we first introduce the basic category theory constructs needed for our subsequent analysis of Transitive Inference , Class Inclusion , and other paradigms .
The analysis begins with a brief introduction of the sort of data our approach is intended to explain , which primarily concerns contrasts between younger and older children relative to age five , and correlations across paradigms .
Finally , we extend our categorical approach to more complex levels of inference .
Our main point is that , despite the apparent lack of resemblance , all these tasks are formally connected via the categorical ( co ) product , to be defined below .
The significance of this result is that it opens the door to an entirely new ( empirical ) approach to identifying general principles , particularly in regard to the development of inferential abilities , that are less likely to be revealed by standard modeling methods .
Saeed Sanjideh decided to take the cane with the lion 's head on top .
The retired deli owner was traveling from San Jose , Calif. , to visit his nephew in the Seattle area and figured the embellished walking stick befitted a special occasion .
" This one was fancy , " said Mr. Sanjideh , 78 years old .
But ...
Now that Doug Hoffman has conceded , the only question is who to blame for his spectacular loss of a seat Republicans had held for 120 years .
Some teabaggers are already blaming the NRCC , because they chose the local popular candidate who would 've held the seat for the GOP , and so they suck .
Everyone knew that importing a rigid Glenn Beck - ideologue to a moderate northeastern Republican district was a sure - fire path to victory !
We can assume Hoffman will be back next year , so maybe he'll 1 ) move into the district , and 2 ) maybe learn a thing or two about its needs before he runs again .
While I have n't seen it yet ( too tired to look ) , I 'm sure some establishment Republicans will blame the loss of a sure - fire hold to the outsiders who flooded in -- from Sarah Palin , to Tim Pawlenty , to Glenn Beck , to etc , etc .
But the real reason Hoffman lost ?
ACORN 's ingenious broken bottle gambit .
It works every time .
Bankruptcy Bankruptcy is recommended if owe excessively and cannot repay creditors .
However , the bankruptcy route has many PROS and CONS :
Chapter 7 bankruptcy is the most popular bankruptcy option , which allows you to discharge most debts .
However , you must surrender non-exempt property to a bankruptcy trustee to be liquidated and have the proceeds of the sale distributed to your unsecured creditors .
Normally , you can exclude xempt property , such as your home , used car or household goods .
You can only file Chapter 7 once every eight years .
Under the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 ( " BAPCPA " ) , to qualify for Chapter 7 , you must pass a means test , which you can fail if you ’re unable to show the bankruptcy court your inability to pay back at least a portion of the debt .
Chapter 13 bankruptcy , also called the " wage earners plan " , allows you to retain ownership and possession assets .
However , you must dedicate a portion of your future income to repay creditors within 3 to 5 years .
The value of your property and amount of income and expenses will determine the amount of the debt repayment and the repayment plan period .
If you miss any court - ordered payment , the bankruptcy trustee can motion to have your case dismissed by the court .
If you decide to file bankruptcy , you must undertake consumer credit counseling with an approved consumer credit counseling agency prior to filing the bankruptcy petition .
Additionally , you must take personal financial management education from an approved consumer credit counseling agency before the bankruptcy court can grant a discharge of the debt under a Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy .
BANKRUPTCY PROS BANKRUPTCY CONS • Stops collection activity – foreclosures ; vehicle repossession ; wage garnishment .
• Cannot discharge student loans and back taxes ( within 3 years ) , alimony and / or child support .
•
Most states allow home , car , and other personal property exemptions .
•
Must surrender credit cards , home ( in some states if equity exceeds $ 100,000 ) ; property not exempt from sale by bankruptcy trustee .
•
Filer may be able to obtain new lines of credit within two or more years of filing bankruptcy .
•
May take many years to get unsecured credit card privileges .
• Chapter 7 discharges most debts . •
If you fail the means test , you may have to file Chapter 13 , requiring debt repayment in 3 - 5 years .
•
Stays on credit report for 10 years hurting chances to get credit , life insurance , employment , purchase a home or car , or lease an apartment .
•
Bankruptcy filer 's name appears in court records for 20 years and may appear in the newspaper .
Get Your Free Credit Report Evaluation : ( 800 ) 213-9968
Hablamos Español
White gators - the rarest creatures in the world - found in swamp land by fisherman
At just a foot long , these white gators are two of the rarest creatures in the world .
They were found in swamp land by a Louisiana fisherman and have now been given a new home in a New Orleans Zoo .
Weighing in at just over 14 pounds , the creatures are not albino , but are born with a genetic condition known as leucism , which means they have a reduction in all types of skin pigment .
Street wise : Canal - igator and Chomp - itoulas have been named after roads by keepers at Audubon Zoo
Rendering them white in appearance bar a few freckles , these gators now join the other 10 white gators at Audubon Zoo , which is home to the total number known to exist in the world .
' The gators have been named Canal - igator and Chomp - itoulas and are named after Canal and Tchoupitoulas streets in New Orleans , ' Sarah Brunette , Audubon Zoo 's director of communication , said .
' They were found in the Mandalay National Wildlife Refuge near Houma in Louisiana and were handed to us by the state Wildlife and Fisheries department .
' This is the same area where our original 18 white gators were recovered in 1987 . '
All white :
The gators are born with a genetic condition called leucism which reduces skin pigment
Famous as the home of the world 's only gators with leucism , Audubon Zoo took care of 18 white baby gators in the late 1980s and out of that batch they still have 10 .
' Our gators have been round the world and have been a symbol of our zoo , ' Sarah added .
' These little guys have already spent two months in quarantine and will stay in the insectarium until they are old enough to join their older cousins in a few years .
' Alligators are known for eating young , they have no distinction between what is rare and what is not . '
Leucistic alligators rarely last long in the wild .
Their bright appearance makes them easy pickings for birds of prey and large fish in the swamplands of Louisiana .
Bright :
The creatures - two of just 12 thought to be in existence in the world - were found by a fisherman
Nach massiven Hacker - Angriffen will sich der Internetdienstleister Google nicht mehr der Zensur der chinesischen Regierung beugen .
Mit der Drohung , sich gegebenenfalls sogar komplett aus dem derzeit stark boomenden und für die Internet - Wirtschaft wichtigen Markt zurückzuziehen , pokert das Unternehmen hoch .
Doch mit dem Verzicht auf ein potenziell lukratives Geschäft könnte Google zugleich in eine andere bedeutende Währung investieren : in das Vertrauen der Nutzer .
Denn ein weiteres Stillhalten nach den jüngsten Angriffen aus China könnte vor allem im Westen das Geschäft von Google auch nachhaltig schädigen .
Mit einem Geschäftsmodell , das weltweit auf maßgeschneiderte Werbung durch die Auswertung von Nutzerdaten setzt , ist das Vertrauen der Nutzer in die Sicherheit ihrer Daten unerlässlich .
" Unsere Reaktion auf die Attacke zeigt , dass wir Unternehmen und private Nutzer schützen , die uns mit ihren sensiblen E - Mails und Dokumenten - Informationen vertrauen " , schrieb Dave Girouard , Chef von Google Enterprise in einem Blog -Eintrag .
In Peking haben unterdessen Menschen vor der dortigen Google - Niederlassung Blumen niedergelegt und dem Unternehmen zu seinem Entschluss gratuliert .
In den kommenden Wochen will Google nun in Gesprächen mit der chinesischen Regierung klären , ob und inwieweit eine unzensierte Nutzung der Suchmaschine künftig realisierbar ist .
Dass China in seiner restriktiven Zensur - Politik tatsächlich einlenkt , dürfte schwer vorstellbar sein .
Rückendeckung erhielt Google unterdessen von US - Außenministerin Hillary Clinton , die die Bedeutung der Zuverlässigkeit und Freiheit des Internets für Gesellschaft und Wirtschaft betonte und eine Erklärung der chinesischen Regierung einforderte .
Die chinesische Regierung wolle unterdessen zunächst weitere Informationen einholen , berichtet die Nachrichtenagentur Xinhua , die einen nicht genannten Offiziellen zitiert .
Sollten die chinesischen Behörden nicht einlenken , will Google seine Site google .cn schließen .
Damit würde das Unternehmen allerdings der größten Suchmaschine in China , Baidu , das Feld komplett überlassen .
Und nach einem Rückzug werde es sehr schwer , wieder in gleicher Stärke zurückzukehren , sagte Erwin Sanft , Analyst bei BNP Paribas SA in Hongkong der Finanznachrichtenagentur Bloomberg .
Von China mit seinen rund 340 Millionen Internet - Nutzern erhoffen sich die großen internationalen Internet - Unternehmen ein enormes Marktpotenzial .
Google war 2006 relativ spät dort an den Start gegangen .
Anders als in anderen asiatischen Märkten hatte Google sein Geschäft in China aber bis heute nicht nennenswert ausbauen können und liegt weit abgeschlagen hinter dem chinesischen Marktführer Baidu , der nach eigenen Angaben einen Anteil im Suchmaschinenmarkt von 77 Prozent hält .
Nach Angaben der New York Times beläuft sich der jährliche Umsatz auf rund 300 Millionen Dollar .
Dennoch könnten die Folgen eines kompletten Rückzugs schmerzlich sein .
" Die Konsequenzen , nicht im chinesischen Markt mitzuspielen , dürften für jedes Unternehmen sehr groß sein , aber besonders für ein Internet - Unternehmen , das seine Umsätze mit Anzeigen macht " , sagte David B. Yoffie , Professor an der Harward Business School , der New York Times .
Und das Anzeigengeschäft spiele in China eine noch wesentlich größere Rolle als zum Beispiel in den USA .
Google , Yahoo und Microsoft waren bereits in den vergangenen Jahren wegen ihrer Zugeständnisse an die chinesische Regierung wiederholt scharf kritisiert worden .
Die Unternehmen hatten sich dem Druck der chinesischen Behörden gebeugt und zum Teil auch aktiv in ihren Suchmaschinen kritische und dem Staat unliebsame Internet - Seiten für chinesische Nutzer blockiert .
Vor allem Einträge von Menschenrechtsgruppen und Themen wie Tibet und die blutige Niederschlagung der Demokratiebewegung auf dem Platz des Himmlischen Friedens waren systematisch von der Zensur der chinesischen Behörden betroffen .
Mit ihren Zugeständnissen hätten die Unternehmen an der Verletzung der Meinungsfreiheit aktiv beigetragen , hatte zum Beispiel die Menschenrechtsorganisation Amnesty International wiederholt gerügt .
Die Attacken des vergangenen Monats hatten allerdings nicht allein etwas mit Zensur zu tun und dürften auch deshalb das Fass zum überlaufen gebracht und das jahrelange Stillhalten beendet haben .
Wie das Wall Street Journal berichtet , hatten Hacker diesmal nicht nur versucht , Google - E- Mail - Konten von chinesischen Menschenrechtsaktivisten auszuspähen und an Passwörter heranzukommen , sondern auch wichtige Quellcodes zu stehlen .
Doch trotz der offenen Rückzugsdrohung dürfte Google noch weit entfernt davon sein , das Geschäft in China tatsächlich komplett aufzugeben , sagte Heath Terry , Analyst bei FBR Capital Markets in New York .
" Das ist Googles Weg , eine wichtige Diskussion zu eröffnen " , schätzt Terry .
Die Rückzugsdrohung sei dafür nur der Auftakt .
( anw )
MPs across the political spectrum are demanding that the UK government should release details regarding ongoing international negotiations on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) .
As we reported last week , UK.gov refused to give MPs access to papers on talks about copyright enforcement on the web and at national borders .
Since then , 12 MPs have signed Early Day Motion 700 , which asks the government to release details of the negotiations to honourable members as soon as possible .
Last Wednesday junior minister David Lammy said he could n’t put papers about ACTA in the House of Commons Library , because other countries wanted details of the talks kept secret .
" Disclosure of any documents without the agreement of all our ACTA negotiating partners would damage the United Kingdom 's international relations , ” said Lammy on 20 January .
On Sunday , Liberal Democrat shadow culture , media and sport secretary Don Foster , who tabled the EDM , wrote to Lord Mandelson demanding him to “ come clean ” on what the agreement could mean for UK legislation .
“ Lord Mandelson must act to release the details of this agreement as soon as possible , ” he said .
“ Legislation on internet piracy is currently being debated in Parliament .
Given that this agreement could override any decisions taken over the next few months , MPs have a right to know what is being decided . ” ®
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Silverstone chiefs will wait until early next year before deciding on which layout the 2010 British Grand Prix will take place on .
The Northamptonshire venue is undergoing a £ 40 million revamp as part of an upgrade originally planned for MotoGP - with a completely new layout being built in the middle part of the circuit .
The plan is for this new ' Arena ' circuit , so called because of the great views it will offer fans , to be used for the Formula 1 race as well .
Silverstone 's managing director Richard Phillips revealed at a press conference on Monday that the circuit had applied to the FIA for homologation for the new layout , with the hope being that it will get the green light for next year 's race .
" There is an awful lot going on , " explained Phillips , who said the new circuit should be finished by March .
" The FIA have been to see it , and it is being submitted for homologation .
" We are hopeful that we will be using the new ' Arena ' circuit next summer .
But we have still got the original circuit as well , so if we can not get it to the right stage in time then we will be running on the current GP circuit . "
Phillips also said that once the new pits complex was ready , it would offer the chance for a greater capacity at the event .
" The Arena has potential to increase once we build the new pits , because the Paddock Club will move .
In 2010 the Paddock Club is in an odd position so it will be difficult to let the public into that area . "
Phillips confirmed that if the Arena layout is used next year , the current start - finish line will be kept - with it only being moved when the new facilities are ready .
" I would love to run the Arena circuit because I think it will be incredible , " he said .
" It is keeping the best of the original circuit , but it is much safer because of the changes we are making for the bikes . "
Former Fed economist and current Morgan Stanley Asia Chairman Stephen Roach Sees ‘ Great Risk ’ in Fed Exit Strategy .
The Federal Reserve may cause another crisis by botching the withdrawal of liquidity from the U.S. economy , Morgan Stanley Asia Chairman Stephen Roach said .
The Fed is the “ weak link ” among central banks and may fail to tighten monetary policy in time to stop asset bubbles from forming , Roach said at a conference in Berlin today .
The Fed helped trigger the boom and then bust of the subprime mortgage market by being “ quick to slash , slow to normalize ” interest rates , he said .
“ There is a great risk in the coming exit strategy , ” said Roach , a former Fed economist .
“ They are lacking primarily a political will to execute the exit in a timely and expeditious fashion that will avoid the mistakes of the last crisis . ”
The traditional view of central bankers that asset bubbles are hard to spot and deflate with rates is “ ludicrous , ” he said .
“ This is a failed flaw in the intellectual construction of modern central banking that must be addressed , ” said Roach .
“ If we do n’t fix this problem we ’re doomed to repeat the failed asymmetric policies of the past and set ourselves up ” for another crisis .
Roach recommended the Fed be required to “ hardwire ” the goal of preserving financial stability into its mandate , alongside the pursuit of full employment and low inflation .
Central banks should not be “ allowed to outsource their responsibilities ” to regulatory bodies , he said .
Fed Is Fatally Flawed
Fed Uncertainty Principle
The Observer Affects The Observed
The Fed , in conjunction with all the players watching the Fed , distorts the economic picture .
I liken this to Heisenberg 's Uncertainty Principle where observation of a subatomic particle changes the ability to measure it accurately .
To measure the position and velocity of any particle , you would first shine a light on it , then detect the reflection .
On a macroscopic scale , the effect of photons on an object is insignificant .
Unfortunately , on subatomic scales , the photons that hit the subatomic particle will cause it to move significantly , so although the position has been measured accurately , the velocity of the particle will have been altered .
By learning the position , you have rendered any information you previously had on the velocity useless .
In other words , the observer affects the observed .
The Fed , by its very existence , alters the economic horizon .
Compounding the problem are all the eyes on the Fed attempting to game the system .
Fed Uncertainty Principle :
The fed , by its very existence , has completely distorted the market via self reinforcing observer / participant feedback loops .
Thus , it is fatally flawed logic to suggest the Fed is simply following the market , therefore the market is to blame for the Fed 's actions .
There would not be a Fed in a free market , and by implication there would not be observer / participant feedback loops either .
Corollary Number One :
The Fed has no idea where interest rates should be .
Only a free market does .
The Fed will be disingenuous about what it knows ( nothing of use ) and does n't know ( much more than it wants to admit ) , particularly in times of economic stress .
Corollary Number Two :
The government / quasi - government body most responsible for creating this mess ( the Fed ) , will attempt a big power grab , purportedly to fix whatever problems it creates .
The bigger the mess it creates , the more power it will attempt to grab .
Over time this leads to dangerously concentrated power into the hands of those who have already proven they do not know what they are doing .
Corollary Number
Three :
Do n't expect the Fed to learn from past mistakes .
Instead , expect the Fed to repeat them with bigger and bigger doses of exactly what created the initial problem .
Corollary Number Four :
The Fed simply does not care whether its actions are illegal or not .
The Fed is operating under the principle that it 's easier to get forgiveness than permission .
And forgiveness is just another means to the desired power grab it is seeking .
Fixing The Fed
fixed
Can the Fed Be Improved ?
improving
Dual Mandate Issues
Roach recommended the Fed be required to “ hardwire ” the goal of preserving financial stability into its mandate , alongside the pursuit of full employment and low inflation .
What Is The Proper Supply Of Money ?
Why Should The Fed Control Money Supply ?
Lack of Political Will vs. Plain Incompetence
Roach states
“ They are lacking primarily a political will to execute the exit in a timely and expeditious fashion that will avoid the mistakes of the last crisis . ”
The traditional view of central bankers that asset bubbles are hard to spot and deflate with rates is “ ludicrous ” .
Bernanke :
Why are we still listening to this guy ?
Measuring Consumer Prices
Case - Shiller CPI is formulated by substituting the Case - Shiller housing index for Owner 's Equivalent Rent in the CPI .
For a complete description of the reasons and methodology , please see What 's the Real CPI ?
CS - CPI continues to fall albeit at a less rapid pace and measures - 5.1 % YOY .
Meanwhile the government ’s CPI - U also continues to fall at a slower pace and measures - 1.5 % YOY .
The divergence is to due to the government ’s housing metric of Owners ’ Equivalent Rent ( OER ) continuing to show price increases ( + 1.7 % YOY ) vs. Case - Shiller data showing price decreases ( - 13.3 % YOY ) .
click on chart for sharper image
Since the Case Shiller housing market peak in June 2006 , OER is up +7.7 % , while the Case - Shiller index is down - 30.9 % - an amazing 3860 basis point divergence !
CS - CPI YOY has now fallen for 11 consecutive months and 14 of the past 18 .
Meanwhile the government 's CPI - U YOY has fallen for 6 consecutive months .
The Only Exit Strategy That Will Work
The Fed is the ' weak link ' among central banks .
They are lacking primarily a political will to execute the exit in a timely and expeditious fashion that will avoid the mistakes of the last crisis . ”
Call For Action
Mi pare che pochi in giro si siano accorti dell ' autodenuncia di Berlusconi .
Se è vero ( come riporta perfino il suo Giornale ) che avendo saputo del video di Marrazzo il Cavaliere ha dato ordine affinché nessuno dei suoi media lo acquistasse , ha evidentemente violato la legge Frattini sul conflitto d'interessi , fatta dallo stesso Berlusconi .
Tutta la balla del " mero proprietario " , dell ' azionista che non interviene mai sui suoi media e non sa nulla di quello che vi si pubblica , è svanita in un attimo , e per ammissione dello stesso premier .
Rep. Steve Buyer ( R - IN ) is retiring .
Last year Buyer was perhaps not quite engulfed but seriously singed by a scandal involving his dodgy foundation .
The foundation was nominally intended to provide scholarships to deserving youth but in fact seemed primarily geared to supporting Buyer ’s golfing lifestyle .
See our complete reporting on the scandal at TPMMuckraker.com .
A Georgian cargo plane carrying North Korean weapons that was intercepted in Thailand last Saturday was bound for Sudan , reports say .
Christian LeMiere , the editor of Jane 's Intelligence Weekly , told AP on Tuesday that the aviation path of the plane suggested it was heading to Sudan , where they might have been handed over to armed groups in Somalia through Chad and Eritrea .
Siemon Wezeman of the Arms Transfers Project of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , agreed , telling AP that the " types of arms found in the aircraft -- used to add firepower against planes and tanks in the arsenal of government forces -- were typical of those used by insurgent movements , and raised suspicion they could be headed for an African rebel group . "
Meanwhile , the Bangkok Post on Tuesday reported that the U.S. had been monitoring the plane by satellite since five Europeans were spotted loading what appeared to be weapons on it in Pyongyang .
Circumstantial evidence suggests the involvement of international arms smugglers .
Although the detained cargo plane belongs to Georgian airliner Air West , it was leased to a Ukrainian trade company named SP Trading on Nov. 5 . AP said the plane was registered under three companies previously owned by the now - jailed Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout , dubbed the " M erchant of Death . "
Bout is notorious for his leading role in arms deals covering Russia , Ukraine , and Africa .
Thai authorities have mobilized over 100 weapons specialists to determine the types and destination of the North Korean weapons found in 145 boxes on the plane .
A Thai court on Tuesday rejected a request for bail by the plane 's five crew .
More ammo for American climate change illiterates : weather experts say this may be the coldest NYC winter in almost 30 years .
" It'll be like the great winters of the '60s and ' 70s , " meteorologist Joe Bastardi told the Daily News .
Great .
Exactly .
Bastardi says the next month could rival the blizzards of 1978 , when the National Guard had to be called in to clean up the 31 inches of snow piled up in the city .
We 've already collected 12.6 inches this season , and temperatures have dipped as low at 16 degrees ( according to our weather page , it 's currently 29 with the wind chill making it feel like 19 .
Brrrr. )
However , cold temperatures could mean more than just a rise in hot chocolate sales for the city .
Firefighters battling a house fire Monday in Gerritsen Beach , Brooklyn , had a hard time when they found the hydrants frozen and had to string hoses together to reach hydrants farther away .
Thankfully , Sen. Espada was in the Bronx at the time .
No doubt , EU institutions will rustle up a rescue .
RBS says action by the European Central Bank may be " days away " .
While the ECB may not bail out states , it may buy Greek bonds in the open market .
EU states may club together to keep Greece afloat with loans for a while .
That solves nothing .
It increases Greece 's debt , drawing out the agony .
What Greece needs – unless it leaves EMU – is a permanent subsidy from the North .
Spain and Portugal will need help too .
Advance - fee fraud ( AFF ) , also known as 419 scams and Nigerian scams , exploded in 2009 , with victims losing more money than ever before .
This is according to the latest analysis from Dutch investigation firm Ultrascan — a company that has been monitoring the activities of 419 scammers since 1996 — which says that victims lost almost 50 percent more money in 2009 than 2008 .
Considering that 419 scams have been well - known since the 1970s , this trend is particularly disturbing .
However , Ultrascan says scammers are expanding their operations and shifting their focus to emerging Internet markets , where there 's more fresh meat getting online every day .
According to the firm , which analyzed 8,503 cases across 152 countries in 2009 , victims lost $ 9.3 billion in the last year alone , compared to $ 6.3 billion on 2008 .
Although the majority of AFF is still organized by people living in Nigeria , it 's not always carried out by people there anymore —
Ultrascan 's 225 - page report says that a minimum of 51,761 scammers perpetrated their crimes from 69 other countries with another 250,000 doing so from Nigeria .
A major reason for the growth is that scammers are no longer simply sending their " proposals " to the US and Europe .
China , India , South Korea , Vietnam , and other countries are falling prey to 419 scams en masse , it seems , though Ultrascan points out that people in different countries tend to fall for specific variations of the scam .
For example , the Chinese tend to fall for lottery or cash - on - delivery scams , while those in India tend to fall for low - end job and student visa scams .
With more than $ 41 billion lost to date and a 5 percent growth rate per year , it certainly seems as if 419 scams are not going away anytime soon .
Ultrascan also cautions that , because there is no centralized place to track and report 419 and AFF scams , its estimates are mere minimums — the actual numbers are likely to be far higher .
Nigerians have become understandably sensitive to their image being smeared thanks to 419 scammers , though Nigeria 's officials have n't done much to help on the PR front .
Nigerian high commissioner Sunday Olu Agbi made headlines in 2008 by saying that victims were just as greedy as the scammers themselves , and therefore just as guilty for helping to keep the scams alive .
Because it 's so hard for law enforcement in various countries to fight scammers from overseas , a whole movement of scam baiters has come out to lead scammers in circles in the name of vigilanteism ( we gave it a try when scammers tried to use one of our staffers ' homes as bait , but did n't last long ) .
Some do n't believe in the ethics of scam baiting , but even Ultrascan does n't seem to have much faith in law enforcement 's ability to help .
" It 's obvious that law enforcement 's feeble attempts to control this fraud have failed , as evidenced by 3 decades of exponential 419 AFF growth , " reads the report .
It ’s an unfortunate fact of life that extramarital affairs are an extremely common occurrence , and as such letters similar to the one below — in which a recently jilted lover begs a cheating husband for further secret contact — are nothing special , and certainly not unique .
However this particular letter , written five weeks after the husband called off their affair , is certainly of note as a result of the following details : 1 . Its “ handsome ” recipient was Bill Clinton ; and 2 .
Its disgruntled sender , “ M , ” was in fact Monica Lewinsky .
More documents relating to the Clinton - Lewinsky affair can be found here .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
29 June 1997 Dear Handsome , I really need to discuss my situation with you .
We have not had any contact for over five weeks .
You leave on Sat. and I leave for Madrid with the SecDef on Monday returning the 14th of July .
I am then heading out to Los Angeles for a few days .
If I do not speak to you before I leave , when I return it will have been two months since we last spoke .
Please do not do this .
I feel disposable , used and insignificant .
I understand your hands are tied but I want to talk to you and look at some options .
I am begging you one last time to please let me visit briefly Tuesday evening .
I will call Betty Tuesday afternoon to see if it is o.k. – M
The Lord Rebuke You !
After taking a quick look at this blog I have reached several conclusions : 1 . ) You hate 99 % of the American public , which is conservative NOT
nazi .
Please understand the difference in worldview !
2 . ) Most of what you ( all ) write is outside of the bounds of reality ,
so much so that I honestly wonder where you guys ( and gals ) are taking
your marching orders from : The Communist Internationale maybe ?
3 . ) And lastly , a warning : If ANY of you Leftist wingbats EVER post an
anti -government comment , we will make sure that the FBI , the DHS and
other agencies that keep an eye on evil extremists like yourselves
will " pull the plug " on your online hate - fest .
The Lord Rebuke You !
Get a clue , grow a brain and get a life !
Hitler 's Son
HItler 's Son I believe you are the offspring of
Adolf Hitler and Ms Satan .
You dont deserve to live in this country and spout your evil diatribe .
I will predict that your future is getting shorter by the day .
My group is supporting an ad
to provide your bio for all to see .
I could call you all kinds of names but then I would be no better than you .
If I were you I would watch my step .
Evil is your middle name .
This garbage that you promote only helps prove what an idiot you really are .
I WELCOME YOUR RESPONSE
Mensa International
I am a member of Mensa International and we had a recent meeting which required we study your show over a three week period and comment on just exactly what we thought .
We all agreed your show was quite intertaining .
However , the main question was ; how can a man with the brain power of a knat and the persistence of a common housefly function on a seemingly higher level .
We all concluded that you have a strong almost school girl crush on Obama and when you are on your knees sucking that hard that the high volume of air rushing to your pea like brain causes a temporary increase in intellence , allowing you to function on a higher plane for short periods of time .
This is entirely just an opinion , because as Mensa members we rarely have contact with Democrats .
We did find it interesting though , that when someone questioned your falling ratings , that you countered with your show had increased in ratings and never mentioned Fox which has been kickin your butt for years , by big numbers .
Gee , I wonder who is speaking for the people ?
Try reporting this ; why is it that so called News Reporters never ask Capitol hill why no one reads bills before they sign them ?
By the by , if Rush Limbaugh is such a bad guy , why does he smoke you on ratings ?
Most people do n't know who you are .
This is as it should be .
Dear Olbermenchs
Dear Olbermenchs , ...
Is n't that funny how , after twelve weeks of doing what you do so well , abet a bit more damp then is healthy , and the making fun of Beck and tea baggers and the plebs and the proletariat and the fools and the idiots and all , how lovely that Marquesa Pollozzo , in the dead of night , like a brigantine from which her family came , -- look it up , yall , -- had fucked you over for her own almost Ombamalalama the cat dancer unstable need of TRIUMPH , triumph !
Am I being too Machiavellian in wondering , did they do this so late to avoid those tea baggers who hated this Bill from the first , or to screw over the suckers who approved of it , hence an amendment against abortion which is a Republicans dream !
It only took the fairy Queen and the house of Jews to patricianly unleagalize abortion !
Now , Passion is catching , and how ! , scathing even , and even all the tribunes want something of a victory lap , especially and strangely when unemployment hits double digits , as it has such a Nero building his champagne rooms whilst the people starve quality to it all .
How lovely that for a whole season and some , you and the GE paid apparatchiks , Pinkos who work for a war profiteer , have been made to tar and demean Americans as I have never seen , and which the brilliant Bill , knew in his black little Jesuit heart , was plainly stupid , and yet when , as my Romans who you all hate say '' knife came to shield ' ' , they did what they always do , and backed down again .
Oh , who would have seen that coming ...?... one little amendment brought a needed seven or eight blue dogs to vote for your unwieldy monstrosity , and now , thanks to the woman Disraeli , taking a bow at midnight , like Batman or Fagin , showing inextricable and perpetual surprise , they now think they run the place , do these azure dogs , and this is jut the beginning of their next reelection campaign , sorry kids .
And abortion , no less !
Abortionists creed , abortion 's epistles , was all hurled to the ground as Marius warned these types are always willing to do to save themselves .
Good God , the closest thing you all come to a sacrament , no less , was so eagerly and easily thrown , hurled , under whatever closest bus there was , as when making omelet ... and all of that .
What suckers you all are .
It could n't happen to a bunch of better little clerking praetorian , power sucking , fag hag whores , I say , as after damning and deprecating and diminishing and demeaning , as you always do , after reading men's private emails on the air as a quick replacement for entertainment , as all this , well , abortion , that sacred Santorum ... sorry , Sanctorum , was so easily thrown aside , as nothing means nothing to this crowd , especial those things that they preened to be , ha !- , champions of ... oh ho ho ... , sweethearts , , , ... after you were so debonair to always defending and cutting away , and demeaning and yelling the praises of made up Cantos from this Koran like revealed Knowledge gospel of a bill , so Noble are you all , ... heheheh , so sure you all were that it could never be used against the saps the plebs , the dirt , the filth , the people who feared it naturally , as Americans like Rome has never had a socialist as king , again look it up , no not from a beloved government , the one of Sacco and Vanzet ti--how many soldiers did they kill ?... of wounded knee and Tuskegee experiments , oh no , send in the Jewish clown to make fun of anyone without power , ho , as imperium is grand ! , ... The fact that first victims of this Cesarean power play , he also threw the peasants cakes and candies at the poor who knew their place well , , are you . , ... that abortion is the first things stuck out by a panel of imperialists always looking over their purple shoulders , censured by the commissariat , that women now cant get abortions even with insurance , oh merceeee !
It would make a Jesuit or at easy even a nun laugh so hard .
Gee , as the old dagos have known , and it is why they ardent as protected by these slimy praetorians as are niggers and spics , and we all thank god for it , sometimes the empire rolls and chews up your enemies , and sometimes , it rolls over right atop You , Cicero .
Something familiar something peculiar ....
Chris Matthews and Kos at a gay bar
Hello " Kos " , I have prayed for God to smite ( ! ) your homo site to for some time now .
It seems
He is taking longer than I hoped to answer my prayers .
That is fine , he works in mysterious ways , as they say , even if i do n't understand them .
Have you prayed to Him recently ?
have you ?
You should .
He will answer your prayers if you truly believe .
I know this , because he answers mine .
Maybe he wo n't answer yours because you might have homosexual tendencies .
He does n't answer sinners prayers , and homoness is a serious sin .
A spit in the face of our lord , our god .
HE HATES HOMO SINNERS WITH A BURNING fiery PASSION .
Are you a homo sinner ?
If you want your prayers answered i hope you are not .
If you are a homosinner people will know .
people can see through you faggot !
So " Kos " , i continue to pray , tormented inside , for you .
I hope one day , your site goes off the air .
Msnbc will go down with their ratings , and take your site , and Chris Matthew 's , with it .
God will answer my prayer , because i am not a homo .
You mine as well not pray , because your homo human kind is not to his liking .
He , like me , like women !!
At this point in the email i know what you are wondering : why is Kos in " " marks ?
Well i have a reason for that as well .
It is because I do not believe your real name is " kos " .
I think that is the name you use at gay bars and such , so your parents do not know your gay .
you and your best friend Chris Matthew 's must have a great time hanging out at those bars .
" discussing politics " i'm sure .
Bullshit , you do n't go into gay bars to discuss politics with Chris Matthew's .
Dear Socialist Fuckstick
dear socialist fuckstick , i am well awear of the fact that liberals are immune to logic and reason , but allow me to try to prove to you that you are communist scum thrugh something called the scientific method : 1 a ) FACT : you suck obamas cock every chance youget .
you defend everythign he does and says and you are nothing more than an apologist .
this makes you complicit in obamas actions .
1 b ) FACT : obama is a well known socialist .
this is evident his policies and his love of SELFDESCRIBED COMMUNISTS LIKE BILL AYERS !!!!
so dont thinkthat he can hide his true nature for much longer .
he will eventully be exposed and impeached .
SOCIALISM CANNOT WORK OR RUSSIA WOULD STILL EXIST AND THEY WOULD NEVER HAVE LOST THE COLD WAR TO REAGAN !!! retard . 1 c ) you are thusly a pro forma socialist ; whether you like it or not .
logic dictates this .
( 2 ) FACT : you , sir , are a illegal immigrant .
i dont give two shits whether you are an american citizen or not : you came here on taxpayer expense and you continue to drain our limited resources .
you should be ashamed and go back to guatemala or whatever fucking middleeastern asshole you came from and try to sell yor leftwing bullshit there .
( 3 ) FACT : you are also OBJECTIVELY ANTIAMERICAN !!!!!!!!
dont even try to deny this for there is ample prof : in 2004 you openly supported the murder of four brave american soldiers in falluja .
you tryed to weasel out of your responsiblity , but you cant hide the fact that you hate america and american soldiers and you love al queda and other muslim terrorists who have killed THOUSANDS OF AMERICANS !!!!
and will never stop unless they are killed .
and whose going to kill them ?
you ?
LOL you dont even own a gun because you leftofascists want to repel the second amendent .
( 4 ) FACT : it is clear that you are a socialist illegal immigrant america hater .
there is prima facies proof as above .
and if logic and science says you are scum then you are scum ( remember global warming ?
no proof , just science and that makes it true for you liberals ) no matter what you think .
however , i dont think you are a homo , just a homo enabler .
this doesnt mean that we cant have common ground .
if you stop publishing antiamerican communist screeds , then i will stop hating you .
fair ?
sincerely yours glenn
Rumsfeld !
your site is vicious facious relentless and hateful .
you are abusing your first amendment right by attacking those in whom dont agree with you .
FUCK YOU !!!
your site gives a distorted view of the country for your own political agenda .
you make reverend wright look like ghandi , clean up your acts douchebags .
RUMSFELD !!!!
I was BORN AND RAISED
YOU ARE ALL HATEFUL PEOPLE !!!
Hey , guess what , I was BORN AND RAISED
Mousetits
Mukous Mousetits
How does one contact Mukous Mousetits , who writes a good portion of the crap on the Daily Mukous ????
here come da triumph
here come da triumph ....
Dear Kozzie , I did have to say I found it funny that on the day that this nigger queen of yours , -- he was struck black the day he voted to give Hankie supreme superior Caesarean powers , yall -- kept Gates as his war general , that you dutifully used your usual shithole to demean a journalist named Mark Halperin -- of course his mental stability should be questioned for daring say anything against Dearest Hannibal .
I think this is par for your course , a man is snidely demeaned for daring say something not insufferably laudatory to your new Dido .
Maybe you can follow people into public toilets and kill them like the occasional Pittsburgh Stiller fan , also an avatar of self righteousness and demanded loyalty .
How dare he .
Oh , is that where we are now , a even more insufferable Bill Clintonism ...?
I see , one is mad if they'd are say something about the nigger cunt who is turning on you creeps already , but since he is a black saint , like a moor from Chicago , who cares .
This makes you feel so wonderful , makes you feel so clean and noble , and actually you have done nothing , how fully " American " you are deep down .
Well , take your white trash shit and shove it up your stinking worthless fake ass , bitches , see , cause I recall being demeaned by white trash women bitching at me when I said I stupidly thought he was being destroyed by your previous queen , Hillary , and did n't even figure that some fix was in already then , as Billy , my mahn , never trusted her to get him back to new Rome , his lifetime praetorium .
You worthless , silly , used and whored out phony ass cunts .
See , I recall , way back , before kunta became black , and before he bought this election with pennies hurled at him from his massa , Hankie Paulson , and how he lost seven of the last nine DEMOCRATIC contests for the nomination .
No , not from the evil republicans , does n't their sub humanity make you all so clean and noble , and without having to do a thing but bitch ... how perfect .
Oh , they are so beneath you , of course , how noble you are , does n't all this make you feel so righteous , why you could be a monsignor or a mother superior ... of that I am sure .
No wait , that 's not fair ... to them .
I liked the priests , they were gay , but loved classical history , Romans , Leonardo , and such things , you just love lying to everyone , including yourself .
But , a quick Roman warning from Roman boy Tony ... think , bitch , as he collects his hawks and Gateses -- and you do know , smarty pants that you are , that it was Gates and not Gonzales , your hated spic apparatchik , who sighed off on water boarding do n't you ... maybe not , but then , does it matter ...?
Still , I musts say , reader of Machiavelli that I was , if your niggers saint is this big of a turn coat and has eschewed the people and the ideals which pushed this non entity into power , already , now more Inconceivably to me , well , what will he be like , and what will he do , and what will he stand for , when it starts to rain , ie , what will he stand for when it gets hard and muddy and mean and such ...?
You do n't have a Roman in power here , you aint even got a Clinton ... you got a house nigger , the Arabs , suddenly heinous you shameless creeps , got that pegged right , and one who does n't even have the genetic superiority of the oppressed in his blood , as his forebears , unlike mine , were Kansas headed Vikings and the northern blacks who sent niggers to Columbus ' country , as my father demeaned this dump , like planks of wood .
P Diddy
Keep it coming Keep up the good work .
P Diddy , Ayers , Marx , Hitler , etc. would be very proud of your work .
Now , go fuck yourselves .
Youe are lower than whale shit on the bottom of the ocean .
Have a nice day .
'
Thy is your name !
Still waiting for the US Army recruiting story ... story of a US soldier killed by a Black Muslim - an anti-American radical who has been charged with 15 counts of terrorism .
That would be in Arkansas .
The state with two DEM US senators , a DEM GUV and a DEM legislature .
... So , Where is the post ?... .... Or is time for more paeans and homages to abortionist ( excuse me , womyn's health care provider ) Dr. Tiller ?
HYPOCRITES , thy is your name ! ...
Can your daughter marry a black ?
CANCER I HEAR U HAVE CANCER , SUFFER AND DIE WITH AGONIZING PAIN , U DIRTY COMMIE RECTUM LICKER .
--------------------------------------------
CAN YOUR DAUGHTER MARRY A BLACK DID YOUR MAMA HAVE A BLACK ?
U ARE A WHITE SUCKUP .
YOUR MIDDLE NAME SHOULD BE ( ( FOOD STAMPS AND CRACK ON SATURDAY NITE * YEA U GOT MONEY .
BUT U STILL (( BIG BLACKBOY SUCKUP )*(( (( P U N K ) ) U SHOULD OF STAYED SPORTSCASTING WOMENS GOLF ON BLACK DAY * 245LB CORNBREAD .........
WISHING TO MEET YOUR PUNKASS WITH YOUR APPROVAL OF COURSE .
HAVE U EVER HEARD OF THE OCTAGON PUNK ?
IF U GOT BALLS ILL HEAR FROM YOU * HOPE U GOT PAIR ** ( PS ) POPOP YOUR HEAD OUT OBAMAS ASS SO U DONT SHOW UP WITH HIM AND HIS BALLS STUCK ON YOUR PUNKASS FACE * I GOT SPECIAL DANCE I CAN TEACH YOU ... ITS CALLEED .......
245LBS WHITE CORBREAD STIRRING 4EYED CONFUSED WANTABE CHOCKLATE CUPCAKECUPCAKE * SINCERY ...........
WISH I COULD BE THERE *
Your Rag
Godless , yet America loving Hell 's Angels As most of you left wing , America hating , so called open minded bigots are fond of calling those of us who refer to ourselves as conservatives , " douchebags " , I shall refrain from doing so to you at The Kos .
It is not out of pity however for you , as you lay in your chosen M.D. 's office , likely awaiting your second or third late term abortion , but that this word attached to your website would be an insult to douchebags everywhere .
What you have written about the Jr. Ms. Palin is despicable , and at some time in the near future , I hope that you find yourself being gang raped by an entire chapter of Godless , yet America loving Hell 's Angels .
I hope that I can be the one to arrange it , you fucking Liberal pussies .
Symphony of ejaculation
Australian Wildlife Hospital , Australia ( CNN ) --
On the operating table lies a sick koala .
He 's just been brought in by a driver who found the animal sitting in the middle of a busy road .
Veterinarian Claude Lacasse determines the koala has not been hit by a car but she immediately detects one serious problem facing many of the marsupials : Chlamydia , a disease which can lead to a very slow and painful death for koalas living in the wild .
Koalas generate almost US $ 1 billion for the Australian economy , thanks to tourists who come to see this national icon .
But these cuddly creatures are under serious threat from infectious disease and habitat loss and some scientists believe they are facing extinction .
" Extinction is inevitable in some areas , " according to Dr Jon Hanger , a veterinary scientist at Australia Zoo 's Wildlife Hospital .
" I certainly hope we do n't see it across Australia .
But if we do n't take the decline seriously and pick up on the warning signs now it 's certainly a risk . "
A recent report by the Australian Koala Foundation backs up those beliefs .
It claims the national population has dropped from 100,000 to fewer than 43,000 in the past six years and if nothing is done to stop the decline , koalas could be extinct within 30 years .
" I can promise you after being on Government committees for years and lobbying minister after minister , I see nothing in our country being done to protect koalas , " said Australia Koala Foundation president Deborah Tabart .
" If the Government had grasped this problem 10 years ago , things would be so different .
Instead they 're on the brink of extinction -- I can promise you that . "
Back at the hospital , at least a dozen koalas are in intensive care .
Outside , in open - air enclosures , many more are recuperating from disease , dog attacks and encounters with cars .
At least 700 koalas are brought here every year for treatment .
The majority have Chlamydia , a disease which attacks their eyes and bladder .
Most would die in the wild but here at the Wildlife Hospital they receive a two month course of antibiotics and are then returned to their natural habitat -- generally within a kilometer of where they were found .
I was lucky enough to get up close and personal with one of the koalas , recuperating at the Australian Wildlife Hospital .
The zoo keepers had named him Tullie , a seven - year - old who was recovering after being hit by a car .
He sat in the fork of a tree , surrounded by eucalyptus leaves in one of the outdoor enclosures .
The keeper described him as a real " softie " while she gave Tullie his medication .
I stood next to Tullie and patted him .
He reached out his paw and touched my hand .
The pads of his paw were soft and despite his sharp claws used to climb trees , he was so gentle .
He held my hand for a few seconds and did this repeatedly while my piece was filmed for the news story we were shooting .
His nose had deep scratches from the accident and he was also nursing some internal injuries .
I was amazed at how peaceful and docile this animal was , even though he was from the wild .
Besides Chlamydia , there is another disease plaguing these marsupials -- and there is no vaccine or cure and it 's spreading rapidly .
Koala AIDS or KIDS ( Koala Immune Deficiency Syndrome ) is similar to AIDS in humans .
The immune system of the animals is weakened and they are made susceptible to cancer and other deadly infections .
The hospital 's head veterinary scientist , Dr. Jon Hanger , discovered the retro virus causing the condition and says it 's just as severe as AIDS in humans but affects koalas more quickly .
" It 's knocking off a large proportion of koalas that come into this hospital and that means a large number in the bush are dying from it too . "
The disease is spread by koalas coming into contact with each other .
Hanger believes most of the animals carry the virus , but only some are predisposed to it becoming full - blown KIDS .
" There is no vaccine available now and may never be , but what it 's saying to us is that we need to be very careful about the way we manage the population .
We have to stop destroying habitat and fragmenting it and we 've got to address all the causes of death " .
Tabart agrees and says the key factor in the decline of the koala population is loss of habitat .
Land clearing , urbanization and the removal of eucalyptus forests are causing koalas to lose their homes and making them more prone to encounters with cars and dog attacks .
Her slogan " No Tree , No Me , " is something she is telling world leaders at the climate change conference in Copenhagen , where she is highlighting this problem as well as talking about how koalas can be part of the solution to lower carbon emissions in Australia through the preservation of their forests .
Her research shows it would take trillions of saplings planted across a land mass three times the size of Australia to replace the carbon stored in the koala forests on the east coast of Australia if they were destroyed by fire or deforestation .
" Without these trees , there will be no koalas .
So once again , the beloved koala has the answer to Australia 's future , " she said .
Energy companies that have fought climate legislation in Congress are also facing threats in the states , where governors and legislatures are acting on their own to curb carbon dioxide emissions .
The latest example is a move by 11 governors from the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic region to adopt a low - carbon fuel standard ( LCFS ) to reduce greenhouse gases from cars and trucks , and possibly home heating systems that use oil products .
ADVERTISEMENT
Emissions from the transportation sector alone account for 30 percent of the carbon dioxide released in those states .
Greenhouse gas emissions from human activity pose “ serious risks to human health , terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems and economies globally and in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic region , ” states a memorandum of understanding ( MOU ) the governors signed on Wednesday .
The goal is to develop a framework to reduce emissions from fuel use by 2011 .
Oil companies and industry - backed groups argue there are n’t good alternatives to gasoline .
Efforts to lower carbon dioxide emissions from fuel use in the Northeast wo n’t have an impact on global emissions and could raise energy prices in the region , critics say .
A low - carbon fuel standard could “ have dramatic negative impacts on transportation costs and the overall economy , ” the Consumer Energy Alliance , a group of energy consumers and producers , said in written comments to the Northeast States for Coordinated Air Use Management ( NESCAUM ) , which is developing the rule .
The American Petroleum Institute , ConocoPhillips and BP all wrote NESCAUM opposing the low - carbon fuel standard .
One target of the effort is the importation of oil produced from oil sands in Canada .
A low - carbon fuel standard measures the life - cycle emissions of the fuel , not just the carbon content of gasoline that propels cars and trucks .
Life - cycle standard includes the emissions produced to extract the fuel , refine it and use it .
Because it is harder to extract oil from the oil sands , Canadian oil often has a comparatively higher carbon footprint than oil produced elsewhere .
Chris Tucker , a spokesman for CEA , said the standard wo n’t reduce global emissions because the oil sands producers will simply sell their product to other countries .
He pointed to a recent agreement with a Chinese oil company to buy a stake in the sands as evidence .
Supporters of the effort in the Northeast say it will force producers in Canada to extract the oil in a more environmentally sensitive way .
Opposition to a proposed pipeline to the West to open up the Asian market will likely leave the U.S. as the only “ viable export market , ” according to the Investor Network on Climate Risk , a group of investors that support action against climate change .
“ A broad adoption of LCFS in the U.S. would force oil sands producers to significantly reduce the carbon intensity of the producer in order to maintain access to this critical market , ” the Investor Network on Climate Risk said in written comments .
The group said the low - carbon fuel standard would reduce the region ’s dependency on foreign oil by encouraging use of alternatives and “ fostering a strong clean fuels market .
” One reason oil companies are lobbying against the effort in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic is that they fear regional efforts will increase pressure on Congress to adopt a federal low - carbon fuel standard .
A standard was originally in the House version of climate change legislation but was taken out after opposition from oil - patch Democrats .
The effort in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic follows a similar push in California to adopt a low - carbon fuel standard .
All but one of the 11 states working on the new MOU is also part of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative , an effort to cap carbon emissions at power plants .
Climate legislation passed the House last summer but faces an uncertain future in the Senate , with several centrist Democrats urging their leaders to delay action beyond this Congress .
The environmental group Environment America released a report last month that listed all the actions at the state level to curb carbon dioxide .
The list includes the low - carbon fuel standards and other efforts to conserve energy through efficiency programs and to require utilities to purchase renewable energy from wind and solar and other sources .
Environment America said state actions would reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 7 percent by 2020 relative to the 2007 level .
States have acted as “ laboratories for the rest of the country ” that show greenhouse gas curbs need n’t be a burden to the economy , said Anna Aurilio , a director at Environment America .
Still , Congress needs to pass a climate bill that calls for steeper cuts than states are now contemplating and that would apply to all 50 , Aurilio said .
I remember looking at Zaha Hadid 's drawings for Rome 's new museum of 21st - century arts a decade ago and wondering how on earth this structural adventure would ever be built .
On paper , it looked like a surreal motorway intersection imagined by JG Ballard , or a wiring diagram plotted for the palace of esoteric giants .
Her floor plans were some of the most mesmerising and challenging since Frank Lloyd Wright unveiled his seemingly improbable designs for New York 's Guggenheim museum more than 50 years ago .
What was so radical about them ?
The walls of Hadid 's new museum , unveiled to the public this month , not only curve but change in depth as they do so .
There are moments where walls become floors and even threaten to become ceilings , diving and curving like bobsleigh tracks .
( When I went there last week , Hadid told me she wanted the building 's concrete curves to " unwind like a ribbon in space " . )
All of this means that the gallery has been an enormous challenge to build .
It took Wright 15 years to realise the Guggenheim ; it has taken Hadid 10 to complete Maxxi , as the museum is known ( a play on the Roman numerals for 21st century ) .
There have been at least six changes of national government in Italy since the project was first announced in 1998 , from left to centre to right , and the future of many such public projects has often seemed doubtful .
But now here it stands , in the residential and military Flaminio district , almost exactly as Hadid and her team first imagined it .
Open to the public over the past two weekends as an architectural shell , the museum will launch fully next spring .
Only then will it be possible to judge whether Maxxi , Hadid 's finest built work to date , is a real success .
Just how will the museum 's curators make use of these extraordinary public spaces and gigantic galleries ?
What will go on show ?
The truth is that although the museum , devoted to both architecture and art , has been busy collecting work by Anish Kapoor , Gerhard Richter , Francesco Clemente and many others ( along with the archives of architects Carlo Scarpa , Aldo Rossi and Pier Luigi Nervi ) , this light - filled labyrinth is dedicated to the future .
There is no great hurry to fill it , after all : there is the rest of the 21st century to go before the museum can be called complete .
Perhaps this is why Hadid has chosen to make Maxxi an almost modest , if not quite self - effacing , building from the outside .
She says she hopes it will be fashion - proof .
As you approach , it is only the big flags emblazoned with the name Maxxi that guarantee you have come to the right place .
Instead , Hadid has reserved her architectural firepower for the interior .
The huge entrance lobby sets the tone , punching up through the height of the building and offering views into what appear to be ineffable depths .
This is a museum of just a few heroic galleries , but with a variety of ways of reaching them .
Daylight is ever - present ; this can be blacked out if need be for exhibition purposes , though the sun is always held at bay , with light filtered through a two - tier system of roof - mounted louvres and screens .
Artificial lighting is concealed wherever possible .
If curators wish to divide the galleries , floating walls can be hung from the dark concrete ribs snaking throughout the building ; these can also support sculpture weighing up to a tonne .
The gallery 's project architect , Gianluca Racana , says : " We did n't want anything – air - conditioning grilles or light fittings – to take away from the raw power of the spaces we 've created , or from the art that will be on show . "
This is a building of few colours : black , white , grey and the varied cream of exposed concrete .
The walls and balustrades of the gallery 's extraordinary stairs and passageways have been finished in the thick black primer used as an undercoat for new cars .
( Highly durable and slightly rough to look at , the paint is surprisingly smooth to the touch . )
The stairways rise up through the lobby , with their bare metal treads , disappearing mysteriously into the far recesses of the museum ; the effect is cinematic – Piranesian , even – and wholly compelling .
There is a point on the first floor where you can choose to walk in one of three directions , between galleries , stairwells , liftshafts and lobbies .
Two of these paths take you into the heart of the exhibition spaces , while a third projects you out of the main body of the museum , along a glazed walkway , allowing you to look in at the gallery as if from the outside – a haunting effect .
" For me , it 's like standing in [ Rome 's ] Piazza del Popolo , " Hadid says .
" When you look north , you see the tridente [ three streets set between two 17th - century baroque churches ] offering you this sudden and thrilling choice of direction .
Yet , coming south , all three streets lead back to the same single point . "
This is a brave project , and little short of incredible in a city that has proved so deeply conservative over the past decade .
In recent years , there has been little imaginative new architecture in Rome , least of all in the public sector .
But , remarkably , Maxxi is funded by what is now the Ministry of Cultural Heritage and Activities , or , as it describes itself , " a laboratory for artistic experimentation and production that gives voice to the different languages of contemporariness " .
Rome 's history is inexhaustible , but it is good to see the city moving forward .
In one sense , however , Maxxi is happily old - fashioned .
It has been built on - site by local contractors using materials close to hand ;
Rome led the way when it came to concrete construction 2,000 years ago , and these ambitious new curved walls are made of Roman concrete .
" It does sound odd when I say it , " says Racana , " but this has been a little like building a medieval cathedral . "
And , like a medieval cathedral , the museum is in fact several structures gathered together .
Tough new legislation ensuring the ability of new buildings to withstand seismic shock was put in place after the earthquake of October 2002 , which rocked Italy 's Molise and Puglia regions , and was felt in Rome .
As a result , the museum consists of five separate buildings leaning against one another , designed to withstand powerful natural shocks .
Last week , the roof of Hadid 's aquatic centre for the 2012 Olympics was unveiled , a wavy promise of things to come .
Hadid wo n't be pressed on this , and says she will be happy to talk about the building only when it is complete , once the pools are filled and the swimmers are training .
" All people want to do is talk about the budget , as if the rise in cost has been something we 've caused .
We have n't .
We 've done what we 've been asked to do . "
Her hope , and that of the Olympic committee , is that the building will inspire Britain 's sporting stars .
Likewise , I have a feeling that the energy and imagination of this new museum , its sense of intrigue and possibilities , will bring out the best in its curators .
Who knows what twists and turns architecture will take in the course of the 21st century ; for now , Hadid 's gallery offers an exhilarating set of Roman walls to build upon .
L'année 2010 sera - t - elle celle des grands changements au sein des conseils d'administration ou des conseils de surveillance des sociétés du CAC 40 ?
Pour l'instant , ni la crise ni les recommandations du code de bonnes pratiques du Medef et de l'Association française des entreprises privées ( AFEP ) , édictées fin 2000 , n'ont provoqué de modifications majeures : les instances continuent d'être globalement très homogènes et consanguines .
Le cumul des mandats demeure une pratique régulière .
Une petite centaine de personnes ( 98 exactement ) , soit 22 % des administrateurs , détient 43 % des droits de vote des sociétés du CAC 40 , selon le cabinet Ernst & Young .
Ces conseils - ils comptent en moyenne 14 membres - n'accueillent que 21 % d'étrangers quand ceux - ci détiennent 40 % du capital des groupes du CAC 40 et que l'activité à l'international assure désormais l'essentiel de la croissance de leur chiffre d'affaires .
Enfin , les femmes occupent moins de 10 % des sièges d'administrateurs .
Nominations croisées
Une entreprise , la banque BNP Paribas , illustre cette concentration des pouvoirs au coeur de la gouvernance des entreprises du CAC 40 : quatre personnes - trois dirigeants de la banque et un ex-dirigeant encore influent dans le groupe - sont répartis dans les conseils de douze sociétés de l'indice phare de la Bourse de Paris .
Il s'agit du pétrolier Total , du constructeur aéronautique EADS , de l'assureur Axa , du groupe de matériaux Saint - Gobain et du cimentier Lafarge , pour le président de la banque , Michel Pébereau ; du spécialiste des services aux collectivités Veolia et du groupe de distribution et de luxe PPR , pour son directeur général , Baudouin Prot ; du groupe de services aux collectivités Suez Environnement et du distributeur Carrefour , pour Amaury de Sèze - ex-membre du directoire de Paribas , il devrait reprendre , sous peu , ses fonctions de président de PAI , un fonds d'investissement autrefois dans le giron de Paribas - ; du groupe de BTP et de télécommunications Bouygues , du fabricant de turbines et matériaux ferroviaires Alstom et du Groupe Lagardère pour Georges Chodron de Courcel , le directeur général délégué - il siège aussi au conseil de la société Foncière financière et de participations ( FFP ) , holding familiale de la famille Peugeot , détentrice de 22 % de PSA Peugeot - Citroën .
Si l'on ajoute que deux d'entre eux - MM. de Sèze et Chodron de Courcel - siègent aussi au conseil du Groupe Bruxelles Lambert ( GBL ) , actionnaire de GDF Suez , de Total , de Lafarge , du groupe de vins et spiritueux Pernod Ricard et de Suez Environnement , on voit qu'indirectement ce ne sont plus douze , mais quinze sociétés du CAC 40 dont les conseils sont sous l'influence du groupe bancaire .
" Il n'est pas sain que la BNP soit autant impliquée dans les conseils " , juge Frédéric Genevrier , fondateur , avec Olivia Flahault , du cabinet OFG - Recherche .
Ces deux spécialistes accordent de l'importance à la composition des conseils d'administration ou de surveillance , dans leurs analyses .
Leur base de données , disponible en ligne pour leurs clients , traque les mouvements au sein de ces instances dirigeantes .
Et témoigne de leur plus ou moins grand respect des règles de bonne gouvernance .
La qualité d'" administrateur indépendant " attribuée à M. Pébereau chez Lafarge fait sourire ces analystes : " BNP est l'une des principales banques de Lafarge ! " , rappellent - ils .
Les nominations croisées témoignent de la consanguinité dénoncée .
M. Pébereau siège chez Saint - Gobain , société dont le président , Jean - Louis Beffa , est au conseil de BNP Paribas .
M. Beffa siège au conseil de GDF Suez , dont le PDG , Gérard Mestrallet , est au conseil de Saint - Gobain .
Claude Bébéar , président d'Axa , est au conseil de BNP Paribas quand M. Pébereau siège à celui d'Axa - ces deux institutions financières ont aussi des participations croisées .
Les exemples sont multiples .
Moins d'indépendance
La consanguinité a donc toujours cours au sein des conseils , au détriment de leur indépendance .
Car , et c'est une autre spécificité française , les conseils d'administration des sociétés du CAC 40 ne se sont alignés ni sur " le modèle anglais , où les actionnaires ont des pouvoirs étendus , ( ni sur ) le modèle des Etats - Unis , pour ne pas citer le modèle allemand , où conseils d'administration et de surveillance sont plus indépendants et conçus comme arbitres des intérêts divergents des parties prenantes " , expliquent Xavier Ragot , chercheur au CNRS , et M. Beffa , dans un article cosigné dans l'ouvrage A quoi servent les actionnaires ?
( Albin Michel , 2009 ) .
De fait , environ 60 % des sociétés du CAC 40 ont un conseil aux mains des dirigeants ; et 40 % aux mains des actionnaires , qu'il s'agisse de fonds d'investissement , d'investisseurs industriels ou de familles .
Dans quatre groupes seulement , les salariés ont les moyens de faire entendre leur voix .
" La vulnérabilité des sociétés françaises provient de l'absence d'un choix politique clair en termes de pouvoir actionnarial " , concluent MM .
Beffa et Ragot .
Une raison de plus en faveur de nouvelles pratiques .
Annie Kahn
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
CIA veteran doubts
the bin Laden story Program length - 5:52 Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
" I 'm not convinced it was Bin Laden "
Advertisement
" If they did n't have an Osama bin Laden out there , they'd have to invent one because he 's a terrific diversion for the world . "
This is what a former CIA official with on the ground experience in Afghanistan was saying about Osama bin Laden the day after 9/11 .
Other facts :
1. Osama is not wanted in connection with 9/11 by the FBI or any other law enforcement agency
2. Bush , Cheney and countless other government scumbags have stated that Osama bin Laden is not and was never " the issue . "
Yet , Bush - Bama is sending 30,000 troops to Afghanistan and the band plays on ...
After nearly a decade of rumors and speculation , Apple 's finally unveiled the iPad .
It 's a half - inch thick and weighs just 1.5 pounds , with a 9.7 - inch capacitive touchscreen IPS LCD display , and it 's running a custom 1GHz Apple " A4 " chip developed by the P.A. Semi team , with a 10 - hour battery life and a month of standby .
It 'll come in 16 , 32 , and 64GB sizes , and it's got the expected connectivity : very little .
There 's a 30 - pin Dock connector , a speaker , a microphone , Bluetooth , 802.11n
WiFi and optional 3G , as well as an accelerometer and a compass .
There 's also a keyboard dock , which connects underneath in the portrait orientation , support for up to 1024x768 VGA out and 480 p composite out through new dock adapter cables , and a camera attachment kit that lets you import photos from your camera over USB or directly through an SD reader .
The device is managed by iTunes , just like the iPhone -- you sync everything over to your Mac .
As expected , it can run iPhone apps -- either pixel - for - pixel in a window , or pixel - doubled fullscreen -- but developers can also target the new screen size using the updated iPhone OS SDK , which is available today .
The 3G version runs on AT&T and comes with new data plans : 250 MB for $ 14.99 and an unlimited plan for $ 29.99 a month contract - free .
Activations are handled on the iPad , so you can activate and cancel whenever you want .
Every iPad is unlocked and comes with a GSM " micro - SIM , " so you can use it abroad , but there are n't any international deals in place right now --
Steve says they 'll be back " this summer " with news on that front .
It starts at $ 499 for 16GB , 32GB for $ 599 , and $ 699 64GB .
Adding 3G costs a $ 130 per model , so the most expensive model ( 64GB / 3G ) is $ 829 .
The WiFi -only model will ship in 60 days , and the 3G models will come in 90 .
Veterans and others opposed to the U.S. military escalation in Afghanistan announced on Capitol Hill today that they have collected 100,000 signatures on a petition calling for an end to the war .
Rep . Alan Grayson , a Florida Democrat , joined members of Veterans for Rethinking Afghanistan at a news conference in the Rayburn House Office Building , where they pointed to the “ record speed ” in which the 100,000 signatures were gathered following the president ’s Dec. 1 announcement of the troop escalation .
The petition notes that the decision to send 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan will cost more than $ 100 billion a year .
“ America cannot afford a war that does not make us safer , and Congress has the power to stop the escalation , ” it tells lawmakers .
“ Vote NO on any spending bill that would send more troops to Afghanistan . ”
Veterans for Rethinking Afghanistan members had traveled to Washington this spring to oppose additional war funding and urge Congress to turn to non-military solutions for Afghanistan and Pakistan .
In a series of harrowing videos posted online , the veterans describe their war experiences and the lessons they learned .
“ Troops on the ground is 100 percent for sure going to cause more and more strife , ” said Marine Cpl. Jake Dilliberto , who served in both Iraq and Afghanistan .
Grayson was one of 32 Democrats who voted against supplemental war funding in June .
He is also one of 27 co-sponsors of HR 3699 , a bill introduced by Rep. Barbara Lee , D - Calif. , that would prohibit an increase in the number of troops serving in Afghanistan .
Grayson , who represents the Orlando area , drew Republican ire earlier this year when he said the Republicans ’ health plan is for people to “ die quickly ” if they get sick .
At the news conference today , Grayson said continuing the war in Afghanistan is “ a terrible mistake . ”
“ We do not need to have troops 8,000 miles from our shore to keep us safe , ” he said .
“ I hope the president will reconsider this decision . ”
The petition is available on the web sites of Rethink Afghanistan , a project of the Brave New Foundation , and True Majority , a project of USAction .
It is also sponsored by Credo Action , affiliated with Working Assets .
Meanwhile , Jim Cason , at the Friends Committee on National Legislation , the Quaker peace lobbying group , says it will take sustained organizing to build support in Congress for ending the war in Afghanistan .
Over the coming months , the FCNL says , “ we believe we can build enough opposition to a long - term , large - scale military presence in Afghanistan to set the United States on a course of de-escalation and withdrawal . ”
The FCNL has identified “ Four Steps for Peace . ”
The United States , the group says , should halt new offensive operations against Taliban strongholds and end the war fighting ; engage Afghanistan ’s neighbors – including Russia , China and Iran – in the stabilization process ; start the withdrawal of U.S. troops and articulate a policy leading to withdrawing all U.S. troops ; and expand development and diplomatic efforts .
“ The U.S. public is ready for these steps , ” FCNL foreign policy lobbyist Jim Fine says , “ but Congress still needs to catch up . ”
In a Dec. 2 letter to Obama , Joe Volk , executive secretary of the Friends Committee , warned that the U.S. escalation would further alienate the Muslim world .
He pointed to the administration ’s failure to make progress on Middle East peace , “ the litmus test of the U.S. commitment to justice and peace in much of the Muslim world , ” and on improving relations with Iran .
“ Forging a new beginning between America and the Muslim world is , indeed , a key to stabilizing Afghanistan and to countering violent extremism worldwide , ” Volk wrote .
Volk called on Obama to “ reengage ” on the Israel - Palestine conflict , step up efforts toward a new relationship with Iran based on mutual interests and respect , de-escalate the fighting in Afghanistan and work for a ceasefire , and make internal reconciliation and regional diplomacy the “ lead elements ” of his strategy .
“ At West Point you told the future generals of the United States that the United States is best when it is preventing wars , rather than fighting them , ” Volk wrote the president .
“ Prevention of war starts with the leadership at the top .
We regret that in Afghanistan you have signaled to the world that you will lead in the direction of war fighting , rather than war prevention .
“ We favor your leadership for preventing wars and for healing broken communities .
You have a historic opportunity to lead the world toward the rule of law and away from rule by military muscle .
There is a time to every purpose under heaven .
President Obama , the time is now to give peace a chance in Afghanistan and the wider region . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/lorri37/ / CC BY 2.0
Advertisements
The effort of newly created Clinton Bush Haiti Fund will kick into high gear on Sunday as both Clinton and Bush will appear on all of the morning talk shows .
The appearances will be George W. Bush ’s first since leaving office .
In contrast to his former vice president , Bush is showing Cheney how he is supposed to act .
Here is the video of Clinton , Bush and Obama discussing the relief effort in Haiti :
Advertisements
Bush said today , “ The most effective way for Americans to help the people of Haiti is to contribute money .
That money will go to organizations on the ground and will be — who will be able to effectively spend it .
I know a lot of people want to send blankets or water — just send your cash .
One of the things that the President and I will do is to make sure your money is spent wisely .
As President Obama said , you can look us up on clintonbushhaitifund.org . ”
He continued , “ The Haitian people have got a tough journey , yet it ’s amazing how terrible tragedies can bring out the best of the human spirit .
We ’ve all seen that firsthand when American citizens responded to the tsunami or to Katrina or to the earthquake in Pakistan .
And President Clinton and I are going to work to tap that same spirit of giving to help our brothers and sisters in the Caribbean . ”
In contrast to Dick Cheney , this is President Bush ’s first step back into the public spotlight since President Obama took office almost a year ago .
Unlike Cheney , Bush has stayed out of the public eye and let the new president do his job .
Bush has followed the established protocol for all former presidents , while Cheney has behaved like an emperor in exile .
Bush has stepped up to help the people of Haiti , but Cheney has remained silent .
The former vice president has had something to say about everything President Obama has done , but he has said nothing about the disaster in Haiti .
Even worse , Cheney is doing nothing to help Haiti .
I know that Democrats / liberals / progressives still have a sour taste in their mouths over the Bush years , but Dick Cheney could learn a lot from his former boss .
Bush deserves credit for his willingness to help , while Cheney has reaffirmed his blind spot for anything that is n’t partisan politics .
Quantum computing simplifies such problems because of the dexterity of its computing bits .
Rather than using the zeros and ones of binary code , quantum computers store data as qubits , multi-tasking little bits that can represent both zero and one simultaneously .
Plug a system into a quantum computer and the qubits can quickly consider all possible answers by arranging its qubits into all workable arrangements of zeros and ones .
This cuts the number of computations needed considerably ; when done , researchers simply measure the qubits and extract their answers .
Possibly coming soon to a doctor ’s office near you : a little something extra on your bill , not covered by insurance -- a nifty number known as a “ facility fee . ”
What is it exactly ?
Here ’s a fun experiment :
Ask five medical professionals .
Most likely , you will get a variety of explanations , all guaranteed to make you respond , “ Huh ? ”
“ Healthcare billing is complex enough without throwing another factor into the mix , ” writes the website FierceHealthFinance .
“ Increasingly , however , it seems that consumers are being caught off guard by a new bill -- a ‘ facility fee ’ for visiting doctors based in a hospital - owned building -- which these days they ’re usually expected to pay on their own . ”
I definitely was caught off guard when I checked in to see a specialist in a Cedars - Sinai Medical Center building in Los Angeles and was told to pay a $ 75 facility fee .
When I asked what that meant , the receptionist explained that this was a fee being levied to cover the wear - and - tear I would inflict on the office .
Or at least I think that ’s what he said .
Though I already was somewhat dazed by my medical problem , I did grasp that the extra charge was being imposed simply because I was in the house .
What if I promised not to touch anything ?
Could the fee be waived ?
I did n’t even need to sit down .
I could stand in the corner , on my newspaper .
No dice .
So I handed over my credit card , then went into the ladies ’ room .
I entered a stall and discovered -- no toilet paper !
Excuse me , but if you ’re going to charge patients a facility fee , then how about maintaining the facilities ?
My next encounter with a facility fee took place when I called UCLA to make an appointment for a routine check - up with a new doctor .
The appointment secretary said this doctor had offices at the UCLA buildings in Westwood and Santa Monica .
Which did I prefer ?
Westwood , please , I said .
In that case , she replied , she needed to inform me that there would be a facility fee of $ 150 to $ 300 , which would not be covered by my insurance .
How about the doctor ’s office in Santa Monica ?
Would there be a facility fee there ?
Nope .
Gee , let me ponder this for a while .
Hmmm . . .
I ’m thinking . . . make the appointment in Santa Monica .
Why , I wondered , would the fee range from $ 150 to $ 300 ?
Based on what ?
Perhaps the patient ’s weight -- the logic being the heavier you are , the more damage you ’ll inflict on the carpet ?
Well , I just lost 5 pounds , so how about a discount ?
What if I tiptoe ?
Bring a little broom with me and sweep up after myself ?
Carry some cleaning spray and erase any marks I make ?
A few days later I received written confirmation of my appointment .
This included a warning , in screaming caps : “ MAKE SURE ALL FOLLOW -UP CARE IS IN THE SANTA MONICA OFFICE , ” rather than Westwood , to avoid a facility fee .
Is n’t this a tad passive - aggressive ?
“ We have an office for your convenience in Westwood , but do n’t even think about visiting it ! ”
It ’s not hard to imagine how expensive it is to run a medical office these days .
I get that .
But what I do n’t get is why patients are being asked to pay extra when we seek care in a particular building .
Frankly , I would n’t resent so much paying an “ outstanding doctor fee ” or a “ help pay off the medical school loan fee . ”
But a “ facility fee ” ?
That just seems wrong .
Dwass is a freelance writer in Los Angeles .
My Turn is a forum for readers to recount an experience related to health or fitness .
Submissions should be no more than 500 words .
They are subject to editing and condensation and become the property of The Times .
Please e-mail health@latimes.com .
We read every essay but ca n’t respond to every writer .
Finger info for icculus@icculus.org ...
Irritatingly , MySQL 8 reserves ( but does not use ) the keyword " groups , " so if you happened to have something like this :
SELECT name FROM groups where user=5 ;
Then as soon as you upgraded to MySQL 8 , your query would be a syntax error .
This will work , though :
SELECT name FROM `groups` where user=5 ;
Naturally , Bugzilla has a table named " groups " , so this broke .
Ubuntu started shipping MySQL 8 in 2019 , and there was never a Bugzilla 5.0.7 release to fix this ( the unreleased 5.2 branch supposedly has this fixed , but I 'm not sure ) .
If you , like me , just updated your old Ubuntu server and found -- surprise !-- that the stable Bugzilla release no longer works , here 's a patch to 5.0.6 to fix it .
I can't say this is correct , complete , or sane , but it got the bug tracker up and running again here .
-- ryan .
For the last couple of years , the running joke on Wall Street was “ Dubai , Mumbai , Shanghai or goodbye . ”
If you were the C.E.O. of a troubled investment bank desperately looking for cash , you made a pilgrimage to one of those three cities with hat in hand .
They were the places most likely to write a quick billion - dollar check ; their eagerness should have also been a tip - off .
Now you have to wonder about Mumbai and Shanghai , too .
Are they next in line to take a fall ?
Willem Buiter , a former Bank of England official who was hired as chief economist of Citigroup on Monday , says that Dubai ’s credit crisis is just the natural progression of “ the massive build - up of sovereign debt as a result of the financial crisis . ”
He wrote on his blog on The Financial Times ’s Web site that the contraction of credit “ makes it all but inevitable that the final chapter of the crisis and its aftermath will involve sovereign default , perhaps dressed up as sovereign debt restructuring or even debt deferral . ”
With all the money pouring into the region , it would have been hard for any doomsday types to make themselves heard .
But there were whispers here and there , pointing out the obvious .
David Rubenstein , the co-founder of the private equity giant Carlyle Group who was in Dubai at the conference , remarked to me at the time : “ You know , they do n’t have any oil here . ”
That fact was overlooked by many investors who did n’t want to miss out on a quick buck .
What about the risk ?
The view was , and apparently still is , that if Dubai gets in trouble , its oil - rich neighbors in Abu Dhabi will bail everyone out to avoid damage to their collective reputation and , by extension , the region ’s economy .
Just as the United States stood behind its banks , in part , to avoid losing the confidence of foreign investors , Abu Dhabi might have to do the same .
That had to be what Citigroup , with its firsthand expertise with bailouts , must have been thinking when it lent $ 8 billion to Dubai last year .
Oh , and here ’s an interesting fact : Citigroup made the loan to Dubai on Dec. 14 , 2008 .
Take a look at the calendar  that ’s after it received tens of billions in TARP funds .
Citigroup ’s chairman , Win Bischoff , said at the time , “ This is in line with our commitment to the U.A.E. market in general , and reflects our positive outlook on Dubai in particular . ”
Good call .
And what became of all those Shariah - compliant financial instruments that were the hot topic of that panel I attended ?
It turns out that many of them that were sold prior to the crisis were n’t compliant at all .
The Shariah Committee of the Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Institutions , which is based in Bahrain , ended up changing the rules to make them stricter because of widespread abuse .
As Mr. Buiter described them on his blog , “ these were window - dressing pseudo - Islamic financial instruments that were mathematically equivalent to conventional debt and mortgage contracts . ”
Blessings , alas , can do only so much .
An SVG Primer for Today 's Browsers W3C Working Draft — September 2010
This version : http://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/IG/resources/svgprimer.html
Latest version : http://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/IG/resources/svgprimer.html
Previous version : http://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/IG/resources/svgprimer.html
Editor : David Dailey , Slippery Rock University Copyright © 2010 W3C ® ( MIT , ERCIM , Keio ) , All Rights Reserved .
W3C liability , trademark and document use rules apply .
Abstract
Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) is a Web graphics language .
SVG defines markup and APIs for creating static or dynamic images , capable of interactivity and animation , including various graphical effects .
It can be styled with CSS , and combined with HTML .
This document provides an introduction to SVG , with examples and explanations .
Status of this document
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication .
Other documents may supersede this document .
A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
This is a Public Working Draft , designed to aid discussion and solicit feedback .
It was developed by the SVG Interest Group , which expects to advance this Working Draft to become an Interest Group Note .
Please send comments about this document to public-svg-ig@w3.org ( with public archive ) .
Publication as a Working Draft does not imply endorsement by the W3C Membership .
This is a draft document and may be updated , replaced or obsoleted by other documents at any time .
It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than work in progress .
This document was produced by a group operating under the 5 February 2004 W3C Patent Policy .
The group does not expect this document to become a W3C Recommendation .
W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group ; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent .
An individual who has actual knowledge of a patent which the individual believes contains Essential Claim (s ) must disclose the information in accordance with section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy .
This document is a work in progress , and is still under review .
It is based on material from 2006 , and some portions may be out of date .
Please report any errors to the SVG Interest Group or to the editor .
Preface
This is neither an introductory text book , nor a reference manual .
Instead , it is aimed so that any of these people :
an upper division undergraduate student with a few semesters under her belt of computing coursework ;
a professional web programmer ;
a graphic designer with a strong technical bent ;
or
a science teacher who wants to build graphical presentations
might be able to pick it up and then do any or all of the following :
work through it over the course of a few days , developing a basic understanding ;
be able , in a week or two , to make a decent graphical front - end to a web site that demands innovative and interactive graphics ;
at any time during the next year or two of work with SVG , be able to pick up the book , look up a new topic , and with little effort , find an illustration of what they 'd like to know about and with a minimum of reading , to be able to make sense of the examples provided .
Over the past 35 years of my involvement with computing , I have had the occasion to use , as both learner and teacher , a wide variety of books on computing and computing languages .
I have gained much from many sources , but at the same time my preferences have , no doubt , congealed somewhat .
Perhaps some of my preferences will coincide with those of the reader .
While this book is not intended for the beginning computer user , I would hope it is approachable by any of these sorts of people :
Someone with a good deal of HTML and JavaScript experience , but little or no SVG experience .
Someone who has done some work with SVG but little with HTML or JavaScript .
Someone who has programmed in other languages , is conversant with XML , and wishes to learn about SVG .
That is , it aims to provide some of the purpose of an introduction to the topic , and some of the purposes of a reference .
At the same time , though , it is not a comprehensive guide to SVG .
In fact , in the time following completion of the first draft , new topics that really should be included have arisen , new browsers have come onto the scene , the SVG specification itself has started to grow .
In the Afterword I offer suggestions for directions I would hope to see this document grow , over time .
The SVG Interest Group , I am hoping , will provide help in bringing these efforts forward .
The book attempts to discuss SVG in broader terms , but at the same time to illustrate how one can write JavaScript programs that use and manipulate SVG .
It is not as broad in its coverage of stand - alone SVG as some existing books , though I believe it goes deeper into scripting than many .
Several goals helped to guide the development of this book .
It should be hands - on and practical rather than theoretical .
It should illustrate existing technologies rather than future ones .
In addition to saying what should work ( according to the standards ) it should illustrate what does or does not work .
Individual sections should be , to every extent possible , self - contained .
A reader should be able to skip to chapters relevant to a current concern without having to read all chapters leading up to a particular topic .
Examples should be brief .
So long as one is familiar with the basic elements being used , then no one should have to read more than a page or two to figure out what is going on with a particular example .
In short , I 'd like it to be the book that did not seem to exist when I started learning SVG .
Chapter I - Overview
Laconism
SVG or Scalable Vector Graphics is a relatively new World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) standard , used by a host of companies and organizations , for the creation and display of vector graphic material .
SVG is an XML language that allows dynamic creation of content using JavaScript within or outside the context of the World Wide Web .
Polemic
If you ever close your eyes and see pictures that have never been drawn or movies that have not yet been made , then SVG might be for you .
Just as typing or drawing or playing a musical instrument , developing hypertexts or carving stone can help you to express a part of what is inside you , so might SVG expand your expressive ability .
Think of SVG as an expressive medium .
With it you can let your readers ' browser build your vector graphics , animate them , and let your readers interact with and change the evolution of those graphics dynamically .
Users can draw over them , append to them , or use them to plot user - selected sources of data .
And you can do it in an open - standards environment that is rapidly growing in popularity and cross - browser acceptance .
It is good for less fanciful endeavors , like business and science , too .
It is sort of like HTML , only graphical .
Brief History
The first public draft of SVG was released by the World Wide Web consortium in February of 1999 .
During the preceding years , interest in the use of vector graphics had grown .
The PostScript page description language developed by Adobe Systems Inc. during the 1980s had given the print - based community a way of describing images in ways which could be rescaled to adapt to the resolution of the display device , usually a printer .
It was natural to seek a similar vector - based approach to web - based presentation .
In 1998 an XML - based language , Vector Markup Language ( VML ) was introduced by Microsoft .
It contains many of the same sorts of features , though few programmers adopted VML as a medium of expression and Microsoft seems to have abandoned development of VML .
By the end of 1999 , development of SVG had begun in earnest .
Within two years , six subsequent working drafts appeared .
IBM and Corel each released software that exported SVG .
IBM released an SVG viewer and several software initiatives released SVG drawing packages for a variety of operating systems .
Since that time support and endorsement has grown .
By 2005 , A Google search for " SVG " returned over 3.7 million links on the WWW .
Table 1 compares these results with other technologies .
By February 2009 , all these numbers had increased considerably ( HTML itself rose almost eightfold ) , but SVG had risen to 11.9 million web documents moving well ahead of Fortran which had risen to 8.6 million .
Query Number of documents found " HTML " 1,610,000,000 " PHP " 454,000,000 " Java " ( includes island ) 150,000,000 " Linux " 86,400,000 " Perl " 51,600,000 " JavaScript " 49,900,000 " Unix " 35,200,000 " C++ " 28,900,000 " SQL " 21,200,000 " MySQL " 20,300,000 " Pascal " ( includes Blaise ) 14,500,000 " Visual Basic " 8,330,000 " Fortran " 5,350,000 " SVG " 3,750,000 " COBOL " 2,630,000 " Lisp " ( includes stuttering ) 2,300,000 SMIL 1,600,000 " awk " 912,000 " VML " 497,000 " ALGOL " 489,000 " SNOBOL " 40,900 Table 1 : Number of documents found by search at www.google.com
Advantages of SVG
SVG has some advantages over conventional bitmapped graphics , such as JPEG , GIF , and PNG , used in the browser environment , because of several reasons :
The files are generally much smaller than bitmaps , resulting in quicker download times .
The graphics can be scaled to fit different display devices without the pixelation associated with enlarging bitmaps .
The graphics are constructed within the browser , reducing the server load and network response time generally associated with web imagery .
That is , a typically small formulaic description is sent from the server to the client .
The client then reconstructs the imagery based on the formulas it receives .
The end - user can interact with and change the graphics without need for complex and costly client - server communications .
It provides native support for SMIL ( Synchronized Media Integration Language ) meaning that animations , for example , are supported with a more analog notion of timing , hence freeing the programmer from timed loops typically used in JavaScript - based animations .
It responds to JavaScript : the same scripting language used in the HTML environment .
This means the two types of documents may converse , share information and modify one another .
SVG is an XML language .
This is important for at least three reasons .
First , the code tends to adhere to agreed upon standards of how SVG should be written and how client software should respond .
Second , like all XML , it is written in text , and can generally be read not only by machines but also by humans .
Third , and perhaps most importantly , JavaScript can be used to manipulate both the objects and the Document Object Model , in ways quite similar to how JavaScript is used in conjunction with HTML .
If you already know how to use JavaScript and HTML for web - programming , the learning curve will be pretty gentle , particularly in view of the benefits to be gained .
Brief examples
Examples are illustrated briefly , just to give an idea of what SVG looks like .
In subsequent chapters , we will explain in detail what is actually going on .
If you wish to see actual " live " examples on the web of the following , they can be viewed at this location which is a part of the author 's web site where many hundreds of examples ( sometimes in varying states of disrepair ) can be seen .
The object primitives defined by the W3C 's current recommendation 1.1 are the line , rect ( angle ) , circle , ellipse , polyline , polygon , text , and the path .
Each is described with an XML tag such as the following example :
SVG code Illustration < line x1 = " 0 " y 1 =" 100 " x2 =" 100 " y 2 = " 0 "
stroke - width= " 2 " stroke= " black " />
Your browser appears not to support SVG .
The image shown is a png version .
Simple line
The above draws a black line ( typically anti-aliased when drawn in the browser ) of thickness 2 from the point ( 100 , 200 ) to the point ( 200 , 100 ) .
Different browsers have different mechanisms for zooming on SVG , but if one zooms , the visitor will notice that , unlike bitmapped graphics , the line does not become grainy as one zooms in .
SVG code Illustration < rect x= " 0 " y= " 0 " width = " 200 " height = " 150 " fill= " #FFFF00 " stroke = " blue " stroke - width = " 5 " />
Your browser appears not to support SVG .
The image shown is a png version .
Rectangle
This example draws a rectangle with its upper left corner at ( 0,0 ) its lower right corner at ( 200 , 150 ) with a blue boundary that is 5 units thick and which is filled with yellow ( the familiar RGB hexadecimal is used here ) .
SVG code Illustration < text x= " 15 " y= " 45 " font - size = " 40 " fill = " red " > some text </ text >
Your browser appears not to support SVG .
The image shown is a png version .
text
The above draws the string " some text " in large red letters and positions the string on the screen .
Other objects are similarly defined and can be appended , one after another into the display window , with the most recently defined element appearing in front of or on top of earlier - defined shapes .
SVG code Illustration < rect x= " 0 " y= " 0 " width = " 200 " height =
" 100 "
fill= " #FFFF00 " />
< ellipse cx=" 100 " cy =" 50 " rx =" 100 " ry = " 50 "
fill = " red " />
Your browser appears not to support SVG .
The image shown is a png version .
rect with ellipse
The above code specifies a red oval inscribed in a yellow rectangle .
One of the most flexible of SVG 's primitive objects is the path .
< path > uses a series of lines , splines ( either cubic or quadratic ) , and elliptical arcs to define arbitrarily complex curves that combine smooth or jagged transitions .
< path d= " M 100 100 L 200 200 " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 12 " / >
defines a simple line equivalent to the line defined by
< line x1 =" 200 " y 1 = " 200 " x2 =" 100 " y 2=" 100 " stroke - width = " 12 " stroke= " black " />.
It proceeds by placing the pen down at ( 100 , 100 ) and then drawing a line to ( 200 , 200 ) .
SVG code Illustration < path d= " M 100 200 L 200 300 , 300 20,0 400 300 , 500 200 "
stroke= " black " fill = " none " stroke - width = " 5 " >
Your browser appears not to support SVG .
The image shown is a png version .
path
Similarly , the code shown above draws a zig-zag in the plane resembling a " W " , moving from ( 100 , 200 ) to ( 200 , 300 ) and eventually to ( 500 , 200 ) .
SVG code Illustration < path d= " M 0 0 L 100 100 " stroke = " black "
stroke - width = " 12 " / >
< line x1 = " 0 " y 1=" 100 " x2 =" 100 " y 2 = " 0 "
stroke - width= " 2 " stroke= " black " />
Your browser appears not to support SVG .
The image shown is a png version .
path with line
Likewise , the above defines two crossing lines : one thicker than the other .
We use , in one case , a line , in the other a path to accomplish much the same thing .
SVG code Illustration < path d= " M 20 40 C 100 - 30 180 90 20 160 L 120 160 " stroke= " black " fill = " none " stroke - width = " 5 " />
Your browser appears not to support SVG .
The image shown is a png version .
more complex path
A more complex path , above , resembles the numeral 2 .
The " C " portion of the path describes a cubic spline — the path begins at ( 20 , 40 ) and heads toward ( 100 , - 30 ) , based on the tangent at the start point .
The curve then heads down to the right toward ( 180 , 90 ) but with a final destination of ( 20 , 160 ) .
To adjoin multiple splines together into a single complex curve in VML , a predecessor to SVG , required a good deal more effort than in SVG .
Getting started
There are several different ways of putting SVG content in a web page .
Let 's get started without a lot of tedium about why this or why not that .
Later in the book , we will look into some of the advantages and disadvantages of various approaches , but for now let 's just talk about two major approaches : standalone SVG documents , and HTML documents with SVG in them .
Both of these approaches require a common set of preparatory steps .
Getting an SVG viewer ( web browser ) .
There are many ways of seeing and generating SVG content that do not involve web ( HTML ) browsers .
Just as there are HTML browsers that do not recognize SVG , there are SVG browsers that do not comprehend HTML .
But among current web browsers that support both HTML and SVG , we are , as of this writing , talking about one of the following five browsers ( hereafter referred to as " the five browsers " ) :
Microsoft Internet Explorer ( IE ) version 9 or greater , or Internet Explorer version 4 or greater with an SVG plugin :
As of this writing , IE9 Beta has native support for much of SVG .
For IE versions 4.0 to 8.0 , you will need a plugin created and distributed by Adobe Systems Inc .® .
The plugin is an easy and fast install , and can be accomplished by pointing your browser at http://www.adobe.com/svg/viewer/install/main.html.
The plugin is for Adobe SVG Viewer 3.03 , referred to in this document as ASV , ASV+IE , or ASV + Internet Explorer .
Other SVG plugins for early versions of IE have been under development and showing steady progress for several years .
, or :
As of this writing , IE9 Beta has native support for much of SVG .
For IE versions 4.0 to 8.0 , you will need a plugin created and distributed by Adobe Systems Inc .® .
The plugin is an easy and fast install , and can be accomplished by pointing your browser at http://www.adobe.com/svg/viewer/install/main.html.
The plugin is for Adobe SVG Viewer 3.03 , referred to in this document as ASV , ASV+IE , or ASV + Internet Explorer .
Other SVG plugins for early versions of IE have been under development and showing steady progress for several years .
Firefox ( FF ) version 1.5 or greater : Since version 1.5 Firefox has offered support for much of the SVG 1.1 specification , though is currently behind ASV +IE and Opera ( but ahead of Chrome and Safari ) with regard to support for filters .
Unlike Opera , ASV+IE and Safari , in early 2009 , Firefox does not yet support animation , though nightly builds of the software apparently do .
: Since version 1.5 Firefox has offered support for much of the SVG 1.1 specification , though is currently behind ASV +IE and Opera ( but ahead of Chrome and Safari ) with regard to support for filters .
Unlike Opera , ASV+IE and Safari , in early 2009 , Firefox does not yet support animation , though nightly builds of the software apparently do .
Opera version 9 or greater : ( Version 8 introduced limited support . )
Users who are interested in SVG might well consider experimenting with Opera as a browser , since its performance has received considerable praise in the web community .
: ( Version 8 introduced limited support . )
Users who are interested in SVG might well consider experimenting with Opera as a browser , since its performance has received considerable praise in the web community .
Safari 3 or greater :
Apple 's browser , running either in the Mac OS or under Windows is based , in large part , on the WebKit open source project .
Entering the SVG market relatively late ( circa 2007 ) , Safari has made very rapid strides in its SVG support , currently supporting some animation , but not yet masks or filters .
: Apple 's browser , running either in the Mac OS or under Windows is based , in large part , on the WebKit open source project .
Entering the SVG market relatively late ( circa 2007 ) , Safari has made very rapid strides in its SVG support , currently supporting some animation , but not yet masks or filters .
Chrome : Like Safari , Google 's Chrome is based upon the Webkit open source project .
Also like Safari , its push into the SVG arena has been both steady and fast - roughly matching Safari in terms of SVG capabilities .
Mention should be made of additional contexts in which SVG can be viewed and or created :
Other ( Amaya , Camino , Konqueror , Netscape , Sea Monkey ) .
Support for some of these is native , others rely on same the plugin from Adobe ( mentioned above under a . ) .
Most of these others have , as of this writing , limited SVG support , though given Konqueror 's historic affiliation with WebKit , this may have changed .
The Batik environment , developed within Apache.org , provides a very sophisticated level of SVG support .
The interested reader is advised that the Squiggle browser may already convey more of that sophistication than the author is aware of .
Special mention : KDE .
Not a browser , but a desktop environment for Linux , it should be mentioned that the K Desktop environment ( KDE ) provides native SVG support at the level of the operating system .
Special mention : Inkscape and Illustrator .
Inkscape is a free , open - source editor for vector graphics .
Both Inkscape and the well - known Illustrator® from Adobe® can read and write SVG files , allowing their modification or creation with a WYSIWYG editor ..
Opera , Firefox , Safari , and Chrome users will enjoy SVG support that is native to the browser , while many of the others , including Internet Explorer require a plug - in .
Many web browsers and SVG viewers with some HTML capability are able to interpret differing degrees of SVG , JavaScript and HTML , so it is best to check your local supermarket for availability and freshness .
Once you have downloaded , plugged in , or otherwise installed a likely candidate for SVG viewing , it is good to test your browser to make sure it is able to actually interpret SVG .
For this you might either
Do a search for the string " svg " in your favorite search engine and then find a few of the early links .
Look for a document ending with a .svg extension .
If your browser can see any of them , it is a valid browser .
If it fails to see certain .svg pages , it could mean either that the page you found is invalid or that your browser does n't yet support some of the features used in the SVG page .
Go to the SVG Wiki , a set of pages maintained by people who know what they are doing , located at http://wiki.svg.org.
Go to Wikipedia 's entry for SVG .
Look at the images shown so far .
If you see the text Your browser appears not to support SVG .
The image shown is a png version then , well , your browser appears not to support SVG .
If you do n't see this messager then you 're already seeing SVG in your browser !
In writing a book ( which even though it is electronic , I hope does not grow stale too quickly ) , I am reluctant to point the reader to many of the 12 million web pages that either include or discuss SVG , since the average lifespan of a web page ( 44 days according to the best estimate I can find ) is considerably less than the time it takes a project of this size to appear in print .
But I suspect strongly that wiki.svg , wikipedia and I will all still be living by the time your eyes reach this book .
That 's why I will bank on the above URLs as being worth mentioning .
Write and test a small SVG file
Once you have web software installed that is able to see SVG , then it is time to write a bit of your own .
For this there are a number of editors that allow SVG markup to be written .
The developer can use a simple text editor , although numerous good , and sometimes free , graphical editing packages are available as well .
Oxygen and XMLSpy are two commercial SVG text editors .
Among the open source or shareware alternatives , Batik seems to have accumulated a fair - sized user community .
I myself use an HTML editor / viewer that does not understand SVG ( in terms of tag completion or highlighting ) but is at least able to view it .
Many folks recommend the Firebug plug - in , associated with Firefox , and Opera 's tabbed browsing allows one to go back and forth from source code to view quite easily .
Ultimately all you need is a text editor that can save files in plain ASCII or Unicode .
Save your file with a .svg filename extension .
As a sample file , try the following simple example :
< svg xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " >
< circle r= " 50 " / >
</svg >
Save it as " simplest.svg . "
Point your web browser at it to make sure you can see part of a black circle .
If so , you are ready to start creating SVG content .
Test it on your web server
If you already have a place on the Web , then put your file in that place .
If you can see your file when you point your web browser at it , then congratulations ; others can most likely see it too .
If you can't see it , it is most likely a server configuration problem .
The Web server should send an HTTP header for the svg file type that looks like :
Content - Type : image / svg+xml
If you are your own systems administrator , then it is likely you know where to edit your server 's configuration so as to effect such a change .
If not , talk to your systems administrator and he or she probably will .
If not , please encourage them , ever so respectfully , to have a look at what the SVG server configuration page says about the topic .
Stir up your imagination and finish reading this book .
Let me know if you have any problems !
Chapter II - SVG Basics
The coordinate system
The default coordinate system in SVG is much the same as in HTML .
It works as a two - dimensional x-y plane .
The origin ( where x=0 and y=0 ) is the upper left - hand corner .
As we move right from there , x increases .
As we move downward , y increases .
Generally , units are measured in pixels .
That is , if our browser window has a rectangle of 343 pixels high by 501 pixels wide then the lower right corner of that window will be the point ( 501,343 ) .
Illustration of cartesian grid
Now , to be sure , things are not always this simple .
Sometimes , we have scaling and zoom effects in place which can be affected by a number of considerations , foremost among which might be the viewBox , a rectangle which resets the scale of the units associated with the viewing rectangle .
Also , the dimensions of the HTML window may interact with the SVG object if it is embedded in HTML .
These considerations will be discussed in more detail later in the book .
Other than that , we can generally assume that when we refer to a point with coordinates ( 100,100 ) , it will be a point diagonally downward ( 100√2 pixels ) from the upper left corner of the browser 's viewable window .
Simple objects
According to the World Wide Web Consortium 's Recommendations , the SVG graphics elements are " the element types that can cause graphics to be drawn onto the target canvas .
Those are : ' path ' , ' text ' , ' rect ' , ' circle ' , ' ellipse ' , ' line ' , ' polyline ' , ' polygon ' , ' image ' and 'use ' . "
These are the primitives , so to speak , and form an appropriate starting point for our discussion .
The < polyline > and < polygon > objects do n't add anything that the more flexible path cannot do , so those will not be considered in this treatment .
It makes sense to discuss < use > along with grouping and transformations ( once we have something worth < use > - ing ) , so I will present the others starting with the simpler objects first .
I offer three recommendations on how one might learn all of this :
Do n't just read this book ; try the examples .
You have my permission and the permission of the publishers to do so .
This sort of subject does not enter a passive brain as well as it enters an active one .
It will help if you engage yourself actively .
Do n't just copy these examples ; experiment .
Try changing an attribute here and there .
Imagine some picture , and see if you can draw it .
these examples ; .
Try changing an attribute here and there .
Imagine some picture , and see if you can draw it .
For those fairly comfortable with learning new technologies , skip ahead and read , at the same time , the chapter on SMIL animation .
As you are experimenting with a tag and its attributes , try animating the attributes so you can see what they affect and to what degree .
It can give you a quicker and clearer understanding .
Colors and drawing order
Before discussing the basic drawing objects , let 's first consider the use of color values in SVG and the order in which drawn objects appear on the page .
Colors may be specified in much the same way that they are in HTML / CSS :
color names : any of the HTML name space color terms , including such terms as " aqua " , " lightgreen " , " salmon " , " tomato " and " papayawhip " ;
6 - digit hex RGB values : " # ff0 a8 f " ;
3 - digit hex RGB values : " # fd2 " = " #ffdd22 " ;
functional values : either decimal ( in the range 0 to 255 ) , such as rgb ( 255,12,560 ) ; or percentage , such as rgb( 100 % , 50 % , 20 % ) .
Accordingly , the color " red " may be defined alternately as " red " , " #f00 " , " #ff0000 " , " rg b( 255,0,0 ) " , or as " rgb ( 100% , 0%,0 % ) " .
Objects appear from back to front in the order they are defined , with objects defined later appearing in front of or above ( and occluding if they overlap ) those defined earlier .
More concerning overlaying objects will be found in the next section " operations : grouping , reusing , scaling , translation and rotation . "
< line >
The < line > object draws a line between two specified points : ( x1,y1 ) and ( x2,y2 ) .
In order to see the line , it must have a stroke ( i.e. , a color ) .
The code < line x1 = " 10 " y 1 = " 10 " x2 =" 100 " y 2=" 100 " > draws an invisible line in most browsers , while in ASV +
Internet Explorer , a faint hint of a grey line might be seen ( which , curiously , does not expand in size when we zoom in on it ) .
Hence , a sort of minimal line consists of code such as the following :
< line x 1 = " 5 " y1 = " 5 " stroke= " red " x2= " 90 " y 2= " 90 " />
Another attribute known as " stroke - width " controls the thickness of the line and , by default , is assigned a value of 1 .
The stroke and stroke - width attributes as well as the starting and ending points are varied in the following illustration :
SVG code Illustration < line x1 = " 5 " y1 = " 10 " x2= " 99 " y 2= " 30 " stroke - width= " . 5 " stroke= " red " / >
< line x 1 = " 5 " y1 = " 30 " x2= " 99 " y 2 = " 50 " stroke - width= " 1 " stroke= " red " / >
< line x 1 = " 5 " y1 = " 50 " x2= " 99 " y 2= " 70 " stroke - width = " 2.5 " stroke= " red " / >
< line x1 = " 5 " y1 = " 70 " x2= " 99 " y 2= " 90 " stroke - width= " 4 " stroke= " blue " / >
The effect of varying stroke widths
A number of other attributes exist for lines , two of which : the stroke - dasharray and the stroke - linecap are worth mentioning in this treatment .
SVG code Illustration < line x1 = " 15 " y 1 = " 15 " x2 = " 140 " y 2 = " 135 " stroke - width = " 25 "
stroke= " blue " stroke - linecap= " round " / >
< line x1 = " 15 " y 1 = " 15 " x2 = " 140 " y 2 =" 135 " stroke - width = " 25 "
stroke= " aqua " stroke - dasharray = " 8,3,2,18 " / >
< line x1 = " 15 " y1 = " 155 " x2 = " 160 " y 2 = " 60 " stroke - width = " 25 "
stroke= " blue " />
< line x1 = " 15 " y1 = " 155 " x2 = " 160 " y 2 = " 60 " stroke - width = " 25 "
stroke= " orange " stroke - dasharray = " 8,3,2 " />
The effect of other attributes on line elements
The stroke - dasharray gives a flexible way of making dashed lines , shape borders , and paths .
In the above illustration , we have made two pairs each consisting of two identical lines ( except for the stroke and its dasharray ) one on top of the other .
The top line of each pair has had its stroke - dasharray applied which takes a sequence of numeric values S= ( v1, v2, v3 , ... , vn ) and turns the stroke on and off : on for the first value v1 pixels along the length of the line ; off for the next v2 pixels and so forth .
If the sum of the values v i in S is less than the length of the line , then the values are repeated again as needed .
In the case of the first line , the value of stroke - dasharray = " 8,3,2,18 " has an even number of values so the blue and aqua colored bands repeat aqua 8 pixels , clear 3 pixels , aqua 2 pixels and clear 18 pixels , starting over again with 8 more pixels of aqua .
Since the underlying but identically shaped line is blue , the blue of the underlying line is what shows .
In the case of the second line , the value of stroke - dasharray = " 8,3,2 " has an odd number of values so the repeating sequence goes like this :
( 8 orange , 3 clear , 2 orange , 8 clear , 3 orange , 2 clear , ... ) .
The first of the two pairs of lines has two lines ; both use stroke - linecap , having stroke - linecap = " round " .
This makes the end of the line rounded instead of flat , as in the second example which uses the default or flat value of stroke - linecap .
Another useful aspect of lines involves the < marker > tag which can be used to define arrow or other shapes appropriate for attaching to the beginning or ends of lines .
The W3C gives a clear example for those so interested , though it is a bit verbose for our treatment here .
Another example can be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/simpleshapes.svg.
< rect >
The < line > , < rect >- angle , < circle > and < ellipse > elements can all be seen as special cases of what could instead be done with the < path > object .
But these are such familiar geometric objects that it is natural to define them separately .
A rectangle is drawn using the < rect > tag , which , by default , produces a rectangle with sides parallel to the edges of the browser window .
We will see how to rotate rectangles later on so that they might be parallel to something other than the ground , without having to lift and tilt our monitors .
We may also skew them so that they cease to be rectangles at all , but rather become parallelograms .
A < rect > receives a starting point ( x , y ) a width and a height attribute .
If no fill color or pattern is specified , by default , the rectangle will be filled with black .
< rect x= " 60 " y= " 95 " height = " 30 " width = " 50 " />
Common attributes that are used in conjunction with the rectangle include the fill , which specifies its color ( or pattern ) , its stroke and stroke - width ( which determine aspects of its border or edge ) .
Here are some rectangles that exemplify these attributes as well as the use of various color reference schemes and the partial overlay and occlusion of objects .
SVG code Illustration < rect x = " 62 " y= " 25 " height = " 110 " width = " 16 "
fill = " rg b( 100%,50%,50 % ) " stroke = " black "
stroke - width = " 2 " / >
< rect x = " 35 " y= " 35 " height = " 30 " width = " 50 "
fill =" red " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 2 " / >
< rect x= " 5 " y= " 60 " height = " 30 " width = " 50 "
fill= " #f88 " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 2 " / >
< rect x = " 25 " y= " 70 " height = " 30 " width = " 50 "
fill= " # ff8888 " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 2 " / >
< rect x = " 65 " y= " 60 " height = " 30 " width = " 50 "
fill= " #eac " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 2 " / >
< rect x = " 85 " y= " 70 " height = " 30 " width = " 50 "
fill= " #eeaacc " stroke= " black "
stroke - width = " 2 " / >
< rect x= " 60 " y= " 95 " height = " 30 " width = " 50 "
fill = " rg b( 255,0,0 ) " stroke = " black "
stroke - width = " 2 " />
A variety of rectangles
Note in the above example that the first rectangle defined , the tall thin one , appears under all subsequent rectangles .
Note also , that the colors " #f88 " # ff8888 " are equivalent and that " rgb( 100%,50%,50 % ) " while visibly similar , is actually a bit darker since half of " ff " is actually " 7f " rather than " 88 " .
The fill of a < rect > can also be a more complex .
Gradients , masks , patterns , and various filters are all available to alter the way a rectangle appears in SVG .
These are more advanced topics and are dealt with later in this book .
For something analogous to the stroke - dasharray seen above for the < line > element , consider the < gradient > as discussed in the next chapter .
< circle >
A circle is indeed a special case of an ellipse , so if you prefer parsimony in the amount of syntax you have to learn , please feel free to skip right ahead to the ellipse .
The < circle > does have a slightly simpler syntax , so if you prefer keeping your keystrokes few , or if the ellipse 's eccentricity troubles you in some fundamental way , then < circle > may be worth your while to learn .
The simplest circle requires only a center point ( cx , cy ) and a radius , r :
< circle cx=" 80 " cy = " 50 " r= " 40 " / >
This produces a circle of radius 40 pixels filled ( by default ) with black .
Just as with rectangles , we might play with the stroke , the stroke - width and the stroke - dasharray to create various interesting effects .
Note that if we wish a circle to appear to have an empty center , we define some stroke color and then set fill = " none " to make it hollow .
The illustration below shows the effects of adjusting several of these attributes .
SVG code Illustration < circle cx=" 80 " cy = " 50 " r= " 40 " / >
< circle cx=" 80 " cy =" 110 " r= " 40 " fill = " red " / >
< circle cx=" 80 " cy =" 170 " r = " 40 "
fill =" yellow " stroke = " blue " />
< circle cx=" 80 " cy =" 160 " r= " 20 " fill = " red " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 10 " / >
< circle cx=" 140 " cy =" 110 " r= " 60 " fill = " none " stroke= " # 579 " stroke - width = " 30 "
stroke - dasharray= " 3,5,8,13 " >
Circles with varying fill , stroke , stroke - width and stroke - dasharray A similar example can be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/circles3.svg.
< ellipse >
The ellipse is just like the circle but has two radii instead of one .
rx represents half the distance from the leftmost to the rightmost sides , while ry is the distance from top to center of the ellipse .
The ellipse is always aligned with its horizontal axis parallel to the bottom of the window , unless one applies a rotation transform ( as discussed later in this chapter ) .
The ellipse can be a considerably more evocative shape than a circle , and given that it is a circle when rx=ry , it is more flexible as well .
Identical clusters of ellipses except for stroke - dasharray .
The ellipses on the left use dash array , those on the right do not .
This example may be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/ellipses2.svg.
SVG code Illustration < ellipse cx=" 80 " cy =" 110 " rx = " 75 " ry =" 105 " fill= " # 538 " / >
< ellipse cx=" 80 " cy =" 110 " rx = " 60 " ry = " 40 " fill = " black " stroke= " red " stroke - width = " 25 " / >
< ellipse cx=" 80 " cy =" 110 " rx = " 35 " ry = " 20 " fill= " # 538 " stroke = " yellow " stroke - width = " 25 " / >
< ellipse cx= " 80 " cy = " 50 " rx = " 40 " ry = " 30 " fill = " red " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 25 " / >
< ellipse cx= " 80 " cy = " 50 " rx = " 30 " ry = " 20 " fill =" orange " stroke= " red " stroke - width = " 10 " / >
< ellipse cx=" 80 " cy =" 170 " rx = " 40 " ry = " 30 " fill =" yellow " stroke= " orange " stroke - width = " 25 " />
< ellipse cx=" 80 " cy =" 170 " rx = " 30 " ry = " 20 " fill = " red " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 10 " / >
The code of the two illustrations is identical except that the figure on the left has had the attribute - value pair stroke - dasharray = " 3,6 " added to four of its seven ellipses .
< path >
If one wanted to learn only one drawing primitive , then the < path > would probably be it .
It can be used to replace < rect > , < ellipse > , and < circle > , though it would not be advised unless your mental arithmetic skills are quite good ( e.g. simultaneous differential equations ) .
< path > is a very flexible drawing option .
It renders the movement of a stylus through two dimensions , with both pen-up and pen-down options , including straight and curved segments joined together at vertices which are either smooth or sharp .
There are many aspects of the < path > that we will not discuss here .
Fortunately , the W3C 's chapter on paths is thorough and has plenty of illustrations of most of its numerous facets .
Here , we cover only absolute rather than relative coordinates , and only the raw path elements rather than their simplified forms ( such as " S " as a special case of " C " ) .
We will deal with pen-down , linear , quadratic and cubic forms , and arcs .
Like < rect > , < line > and the other elements , we 've seen , < path > has attributes like stroke , stroke - width , stroke - dasharray , and fill .
But while the other elements we 've looked at have special meanings given to particular coordinates ( like " rx " or " x2 " ) , the path has a sequence of such coordinates held in an attribute named " d " .
This string of coordinates can be of arbitrary length .
Paths : M and L
We begin by specifying where the drawing will begin by inserting as the first element of " d " a notation such as " M x y " for numbers x and y .
We might think of " M x y " as meaning " move pen to the coordinate x y . "
From there , we have options of moving ( with pen still down on the canvas ) linearly ( L ) , quadratically ( Q ) , cubically ( C ) or through an elliptic arc ( A ) .
For example , d= " M 100 100 L 200 200 " would succeed in drawing a diagonal line from the point ( 100,100 ) to the point ( 200,200 ) , as shown .
SVG code Illustration < path stroke= " black "
d= " M 100 100 L 200 200 " />
A diagonal line from ( 100,00 ) to ( 200,200 )
The pen-down and line modes stay in effect until turned off , so we might concatenate yet other pairs of coordinates into the path .
SVG code Illustration < path d= " M 100 100
L 200 200 100 150 " />
Concatenated pairs of coordinates
A couple of things should be noted .
First , in the above example , we did not specify a stroke since , by default , the figure is filled with black .
Second , if we specify that a path has no fill ( using fill = " none " ) then the path will not appear to loop back to the beginning .
Third , we might , for sake of legibility , be tempted to add commas , between pairs of coordinates .
This is just fine , in the general case , though a few cases have been reported in which certain browsers seem to be troubled by large numbers of commas as coordinate delimiters .
Fourth , we may assume that L ( or line ) is the default way of moving to the next point , and it need not be specifed .
That is d= " M 100 100 L 200 200 100 150 " should be equivalent to d= " M 100,100 200,200 100,150 " .
These observations are illustrated as follows .
Note that once we specify fill = " none " the figure will be invisible , unless we specify a stroke .
SVG code Illustration < path d= " M 50,100 150,200 50,150 " / >
< path d= " M 100 50 L 200 150 100 100 " fill = " none " stroke= " black " / >
The effect of adding fill = " none " ( but note that the stroke attribute is defined )
This example may be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/path2.svg
The path will also be unclosed — that is , the two endpoints will not be connected unless we specify that they should be .
If we wish a path to be closed , we modify it with the z flag at the end of the path as follows :
open :
< path d= " M 100,50 200,150 100,100 " fill = " none " stroke= " black " / >
closed :
< path d= " M 100,50 200,150 100,100 z " fill = " none " stroke= " black " / >
Since paths are , by default , filled with black , it is natural to wonder what happens when the path crosses itself .
By default , the union of the regions traversed by the path is filled , unless we specify otherwise .
SVG code Illustration < path d= " M 70,290 L 150,150 200,250 40,250 100,150 170,290 " /> < path d= " M 70,290 L 150,150 200,250 40,250 100,150 170,290 " fill - rule= " evenodd " />
An example to show the difference between the default and " even-odd " fill rules
Here we show the default fill technique as well as the " even-odd " fill rule on a shape which intersects itself on more than one occasion .
The points are labeled just to make it easier to read what might seem a long list of six coordinate pairs .
Another interesting aspect of < path > is that we might combine multiple path segments into a common path definition .
That is , a path may have multiple components by having more than one pen-down operation .
Note in the figure below that the two path segments are indeed treated as one since the orange fill is applied to the entire figure rather than to the two separate triangular components .
The interior of the figure is also transparent , as illustrated by the rotated and reduced version of the image appearing partly inside and partly outside the foreground figure .
SVG code Illustration < path fill = " orange "
d= " M 10,215 210,215 110 , 42 z
M 10,100 210,100 110,273 z "
stroke= " purple " stroke - width = " 3 " / >
A < path > with fill = " green " et cetera ... is also included in the drawing .
Paths : Q — Quadratic Bézier curves .
I became aware of Bézier curves in the mid 1980s when I discovered that Adobe Illustrator had the ability to draw amazing curves quickly .
I did not know what sort of crazy - fast mathematics would be able to solve all those equations so quickly .
A good treatment of the subject may be found at Wikipedia .
Here 's basically how a quadratic Bézier works in SVG .
We define an initial point ( say 100,200 ) with a pen-down .
From there , we set a course heading toward the next point .
Instead of going to the next point , we just aim that direction .
So , for example , while " M 100 200 L 200 400 " actually arrives at the point " 200,400 " , " M 100 200 Q 200 400 … " merely heads that way .
Ultimately , in addition to a " heading " we also have a final " destination " and that is the final coordinate pair required of the quadratic Bézier .
In the illustration we see that .
" M 100,200 L 200,400 300,200 "
draws a red path between ( and reaching each of ) the three points indicated .
Simply replacing the " L " with a " Q " to draw
" M 100,200 Q 200,400 300,200 "
produces a curve passing through both endpoints , and becoming tangent to the associated lines of the allied line - path at the endpoints to the segments .
SVG code Illustration < path d= " M 100 200 Q 200,400 300,200 " fill = " none " stroke = " blue " />
< path d= " M 100 200 L 200,400 300,200 " fill = " none " stroke= " red " />
Bézier curve example
While there is an infinite family of curves tangent both to the line " M 100 200 L 200 300 " at ( 100 , 200 ) and to " M 200 400 L 300 200 " at ( 300,200 ) , there is only one quadratic that shares these properties , even if we allow for rotations ( in the sense of parametric equations ) of the quadratic .
That is , the curve is uniquely defined by those three points in the plane .
Likewise , any three non-collinear points in the plane determine one quadratic Bézier curve .
Revisiting the earlier example in which the fill - rule was modified to produce an empty space in the middle of the curve , we may draw the same curve with quadratic splines instead of lines to see the effect .
SVG code Illustration < path fill - rule= " evenodd
d= " M 70 140 L 150,0 200,100 L 40,100 100,0 L 170,140 70 140 " / >
< path fill = " red " fill - rule= " evenodd "
d= " M 70 140 Q 150,0 200,100 Q 40,100 100,0 Q 170,140 70 140 " />
An example of a graphic using a quadratic spline
Paths : C — Cubic Bézier curves .
We can imagine raising the degree of the polynomial to allow the satisfaction of increasingly more constraints on a curve .
With a cubic Bézier , we are able to change the skewness and kurtosis of a curve tangent to the inscribing polygon at the specified endpoint , because instead of a single " control point " affecting the direction of the curve , we now have two control points .
A family of cubic curves sharing endpoints and tangents
In the above figure , we see the effect of allowing the two control points to move symmetrically along the edges of the triangle in the direction of the vertex at ( 200,400 ) .
All four cubic Béziers are like the quadratic Bézier ( in blue ) in that they have the same starting and end points and are all tangent to the same lines at those points .
Each curve as we move down from the red curve to the sharp red angle has control points which are along the lines , but progressively closer to the vertex .
A sort of limiting case can be seen in the following diagram in which the two control points converge to either the end points of the curve or to the vertex .
The lower of the two green curves never gets any lower than what is shown , though the higher green curve will be equivalent to the line when d= " M 0,0 C 0,0 400,0 400,0 " .
Effectively then the kurtosis , or peakedness , of the curve can be adjusted anywhere between the ranges shown .
Limiting case for a family of curves
While the above examples adjust the two control points symmetrically , we may adjust the skewness or asymmetry of the curve by adjusting the two control points asymmetrically .
Ultimately , the power of cubic Béziers can be seen in this ability to bend flexibly in 2D .
Additionally , they may be stitched together piecewise and smoothly so as to make cubic splines that can approximate any 2D curve with what is usually acceptable accuracy .
The following illustrates a collection of curves each tangent to the same pair of lines at the same pair of endpoints :
Cubic beziers sharing tangents and endpoints
The following demonstrates how Bézier curves may be stitched together smoothly .
For this to happen , it is necessary that the slopes of the lines at either side of a segment 's endpoint be the same .
Adjoining two cubic curves smoothly
This example can be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/path8a.svg
Observe that the two paths " brown " and " blue " share beginning and end points , initial and final control points , as well as midpoints ( 150,200 ) .
They differ only in terms of the control points surrounding the midpoint .
The blue path aims toward ( 100,100 ) and then changes direction toward ( 200,300 ) passing through the midpoint on its way and there tangent to the line as shown .
Because the three relevant points ( 100,100 ) , ( 150,200 ) and ( 200,300 ) are collinear , the slopes of both segments are the same at the point where they meet , implying that the curve is smooth ( continuously differentiable ) at that point .
The principle is applied repeatedly in the following illustration in which each labeled endpoint of a cubic Bézier is surrounded by two points collinear with it .
SVG code Illustration < path stroke= " black "
stroke - width= " 3 " fill= " #eec1 c2 "
d= " M 99 192
C 137 160 204 133 141 124
C 78 115 34 167 47 129
C 60 91 20 65 77 71
C 134 77 206 43 196 101
C 186 159 118 368 119 299
C 120 230 201 169 138 206
C 75 243 53 231 99 192 " />
Several smoothly stitched Bézier segments
Paths : A — Elliptical arc .
One other aspect of the < path > deserves mention .
That is the elliptical arc .
It might seem that an arc would be a very simple topic , but when we realize that given any two points in the plane and two elliptical radii , there often are two ellipses that traverse those points with specified radii and those points specify two different arcs for each ellipse .
The arc subcommand of the < path > has the following syntax : A rx ry XAR large - arc - flag sweep - flag x y .
The arc begins at the current point ( determined by the last coordinate specified , e.g. by the M subcommand ) , and ends at ( x , y ) .
The ellipse will have radii of rx and ry , with the x-axis of the ellipse being rotated by XAR degrees .
The particular ellipse ( of the two possible ) is specified by the large - arc - flag ( 0 or 1 ) and the particular segment of the ellipse is specified by the sweep - flag . ( 0 or 1 ) .
The following illustration shows two different ellipses passing through ( 100,100 ) and ( 200,150 ) each with different choices for its sweep - flag .
The yellow arc is identical to the red one , and the blue to the green , except for the sweep - flag .
Both ellipses have had zero rotation applied .
Four elliptical arcs sharing endpoints
This example may be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/arcs.svg
Opacity
Ordinarily all of our drawn objects are completely opaque .
That is , opacity is , by default , 100 % .
If we wish to make things partly transparent , it is very easy : we simply add opacity=p for some number 0 < p < 1 as an ( attribute , value ) pair into the tag we wish to modify .
A simple example is the preceding illustration of arc segments in which each of the four arc segments is given an opacity of 0.5 , allowing any underlying objects to shine through :
< path d=" M100 100 A 30,50 0 0,0 200,150 z "
fill= " #080 " stroke= " # 8f8 " stroke - width= " 5 " opacity = " 0.5 " / >
< path d=" M100 100 A 30,50 0 0,1 200,150 z "
fill= " #088 " stroke= " cyan " stroke - width= " 5 " opacity = " 0.5 " / >
< path d=" M100 100 A300,30 0 0,0 200,150 "
fill= " #880 " stroke = " yellow " stroke - width= " 5 " opacity = " 0.5 " />
< path d=" M100 100 A300,30 0 0,1 200,150 "
id= " red " fill= " #800 " stroke - width= " 5 " opacity = " 0.5 " / >
< image >
The < image > tag in SVG is much like the < img > tag in HTML : a way of putting the contents of an image file ( PNG , JPEG , or SVG formats ) into a rectangle on a page .
I am not quite sure why a vector graphics language came to have methods for inserting bitmaps .
It makes sense , though , since most vector drawing packages give ready access to bitmaps .
It certainly expands our graphics repertoire .
Additionally , numerous interesting filters exist within SVG which give us considerable power at manipulating bitmapped as well as vector graphics .
Generally we include a tag much like a < rect > .
We specify the upper left corner of the rectangle ( x , y ) we specify its width and height , and we specify the file or URL from which the material will be loaded .
< image xlink : href = " filename " x =" 100 " y=" 100 " width = " 150 " height =
" 200 " />
SVG code Illustration < image xlink : href= " p72.jpg " height = " 200 " width = " 100 " x =" 100 " y= " 100 " / >
< image xlink : href= " path6b.svg " height = " 200 " width = " 100 " x =" 105 " y= " 150 " / >
< image xlink : href= " p17.jpg " height = " 100 " width = " 100 " x = " 200 " y= " 100 " / >
< image xlink : href= " p18.jpg " height = " 100 " width = " 100 " x = " 200 " y= " 200 " / >
< image xlink : href= " p11.jpg " height = " 200 " width = " 100 " x = " 300 " y= " 100 "
preserveAspectRatio= " xMinYMid " />
< image xlink : href= " path6b.svg " height = " 200 " width = " 100 " x = " 310 " y= " 150 " />
Several uses of the image tag
We observe that :
Images may overlap .
Each of the instances of the " path6b.svg " file overlaps with other images .
Transparency , if it exists in the file , is preserved .
By default a bitmapped image stretches to fill the rectangle provided .
We may preserve the aspect ratio of an image .
It is also important to note that as of this writing , Firefox does not appear to support .svg file types in the < image > tag and both Chrome and Safari seem to have some oddities associated with aspect ratios in this context .
( Similar issues can be observed vis á vis browser support for the < img > tag in HTML . )
SMIL animation ( discussed later ) does not seem to be supported by content in the < image > tag — that is , a .svg file containing SMIL will not currently be animated when imported via < image > .
It is also worth noting that if and when the other browsers do offer support for .svg file types , syntax of the following sort may be preferred since it is namespace - aware :
< image xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
xlink : href=" myfile.svg "
x =" 10 " y= " 10 " width = " 100 " height =
" 100 " />
Alternatively , we will frequently include an attribute assignment which reads
xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
in the opening < svg > tag .
This allows the XML definition of all such compound attributes beginning with " xlink " as in xlink : href = " url ( #r ) " to be interpreted properly throughout the document .
< text >
Putting text on a page is a natural thing to do .
Future versions of SVG are likely to offer more possibilities than we have at the moment and browser support for text seems to be poised for improvement .
Right now one should be aware that there are some problems associated with the appearance of text across browsers .
Nevertheless a few simpler things may be done reliably , simply and consistently .
Here 's a sort of simplest case :
SVG code Illustration < text x= " 0 " y=" 100 " font - size = " 80 " fill = " red " >
Doing text </ text >
Layout and size of text
This example can be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/text2.svg.
The dimensions of the text ( obtained by using the method getBBox ( ) , discussed in later chapters ) varies a bit between browsers as shown in table 2 below .
Interestingly , similar differences remain in effect even when font - family =" monospace " is specified ( which was unsupported in FF1.5 ) .
Browser Left Top Bottom Right ASV +IE 6.15 42.72 115.79 359.48 FF1.5 6 42 117 358 Opera 9 - 0.14 28.47 118.53 337.37 Table 2 : Results returned by different browsers for the getBBox ( ) function
Similar results would be observed for HTML since a fundamental premise of the web has been that font support and layout is a choice left to the browser software .
The W3C SVG specification reveals that SVG fonts should be equivalent to those of CSS - 2 , but it may be important to specify generic font families ( specifically serif , sans - serif , cursive , fantasy or monospace ) to increase the probability that your visitors ' browsers can see them .
Even so , as the following illustrates , current browser support for font - families is lagging behind the specifications .
Appearance of fonts in different browsers : ASV+IE , FF1.5 and Opera 9 respectively
The specification also provides dozens of other ways of controlling the appearance of text , some of which have been implemented in existing browsers .
Below is a sampling of some effects that are possible in at least some browsers already :
Styling and decoration of text
This example may be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/text6.svg.
As of Spring 2009 all five of the primary browsers now support text effects such as shown below .
SVG code Illustration < defs >
< path id =" curve " d= " M 10 100 C 200 30 300 250 350 50 "
stroke= " black " fill = " none " stroke - width = " 5 " />
</defs >
< text id = " T " style = " font- family:ariel ; font - size : 16 " >
< textPath xlink : href= " curve " >
Hello , here is some text lying along a bezier curve .</ textPath >
</ text >
Text along a Bézier curve
The path above is defined inside a < defs > tag which serves to define the path but without rendering it .
Various flags exist which adjust the positioning of the text along the path , many of which seem not yet to be supported by browsers .
One exception is the startOffset attribute of the < textPath > which provides a distance in pixels from the beginning of the curve , where the text will actually begin .
When animated with SMIL ( see Chapter 4 ) , this attribute makes the text appear to crawl along the curve with speed determined by the SMIL .
The rate at which browser improvement is bringing new features forward would render quite out - of - date any attempt to state a list of currently supported features , but suffice it to say , there are major browser differences here at the current time .
Operations : Grouping , Reusing , Scaling , Translation and Rotation
Thus far we have had the opportunity to see much similarity between SVG and HTML : two markup languages with tags and attributes that modify the way those tags look .
Where SVG starts to look less like a markup language and more like a programming environment is in its ability to reuse and modify its own content ( within its own system ) .
That is , elements can be contained in other elements in such a way that containers modify the appearance of the elements inside them .
Specifically we can group and reuse elements in ways that simplify maintenance of code and which shorten the overall length of our documents .
The < use > ( reuse ) and < g > ( or group ) tags bear similarity to the variables and objects encountered in programming languages .
And while those tags can be exemplified with examples drawing just on the " simple objects " discussed earlier in this chapter , their utility becomes , perhaps more pronounced once we have the abilities to transform objects using the isometric planar primitive operations of translation , rotation ( including reflection ) , and scaling .
Transform / translate :
The three easiet ways to move things around in SVG are rotation , scaling and translation .
All are considered to be special cases of the transform attribute of a tag .
Suppose we have an object , like a complex path , which we have drawn ( either by typing coordinates , or with a graphical editor ) and once we bring it into our SVG document , we discover , that while we like the shape , it needs to be moved around a bit .
That 's what transform=translate is for .
The syntax looks like this :
transform=translate ( dx , dy )
where dx and dy represent the change in the current position on the x and y axes .
Using transform=translate ( 0,0 ) would leave an object at its current position .
Here 's a simple example in which a complex path is drawn near a simple ellipse , before and after the application of a translation 100 pixels leftward and 100 pixels up :
transform=translate ( dx , dy )
This example may be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/translate.svg.
Before translation
After translation < path id = " P2 " stroke = " black " stroke - width = " 2 " opacity = " . 6 " fill = " # c77 " d = " M 150 220 C 145 244 146 251 135 260 C 124 269 114 287 134 282 C 154 277 162 279 159 288 C 156 297 135 305 148 308 C 161 311 185 315 172 315 C 159 315 150 309 147 314 C 144 319 159 322 156 327 C 153 332 141 348 153 354 C 165 360 185 361 194 354 C 203 347 214 357 212 368 C 210 379 196 400 204 400 C 212 400 237 396 250 394 C 263 392 279 374 276 353 C 273 332 276 308 286 289 C 296 270 325 240 321 215 C 317 190 304 179 286 158 C 268 137 253 111 216 120 C 179 129 163 144 150 170 C 137 196 150 210 160 212 C 170 214 160 222 150 220 " /> < path id = " P2 " stroke = " black " stroke - width = " 2 " opacity = " . 6 " fill = " # c77 " transform =" translate ( - 100,-100 ) " d = " M 150 220 C 145 244 146 251 135 260 C 124 269 114 287 134 282 C 154 277 162 279 159 288 C 156 297 135 305 148 308 C 161 311 185 315 172 315 C 159 315 150 309 147 314 C 144 319 159 322 156 327 C 153 332 141 348 153 354 C 165 360 185 361 194 35 4 C 203 347 214 357 212 368 C 210 379 196 400 204 400 C 212 400 237 396 250 394 C 263 392 279 374 276 353 C 273 332 276 308 286 289 C 296 270 325 240 321 215 C 317 190 304 179 286 158 C 268 137 253 111 216 120 C 179 129 163 144 150 170 C 137 196 150 210 160 212 C 170 214 160 222 150 220 " />
Transform / rotate
If we have drawn an object like an ellipse , centered at ( cx , cy ) and we wish to rotate it clockwise by r degrees , then transform=rotate ( r , cx , cy ) is the attribute for us .
Following is an example of a figure before and after rotation of 120 degrees .
The operation is performed via :
transform=" rotate ( 120,219.5,241 ) "
The point ( 219.5 , 241 ) is chosen as the center of rotation , since it represents the midpoint of the bounding rectangle enclosing the un-rotated shape .
( Again this point is determined through a JavaScript calculation involving getBBox ( ) , a method that will be discussed later . )
Rotating about the center
This example can be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/transformRotate1.svg.
Transform / scale
Scaling or resizing an object is a wee bit tricky .
The syntax of the command is straightforward but since the scaling operation multiplies all ( x , y ) coordinates by scaling coefficients , objects will typically appear to move away from or toward the origin as they expand or shrink .
In order to keep an object more or less " in place " as it is rescaled , we must combine the scale operation with a translation .
Another side effect of scaling is that when negative numbers are multiplied by all the coordinates , the object will appear to flip or reflect about one or both axes .
The illustration below shows an ellipse centered at ( 100,50 ) ( as well as an accompanying text label ) , before and after a rescale by a factor of 2.5 .
Note that the ellipse 's center ( like all the points on the ellipse ) has each of its coordinates rescaled by the same factor .
Before rescaling With rescaling < ellipse
cx =" 100 " cy = " 50 " rx = " 40 " ry = " 20 " fill = " grey " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 12 " stroke - dasharray = " 3,5,2 " /> < ellipse transform=" scale ( 2.5 ) " cx=" 100 " cy = " 50 " rx = " 40 " ry = " 20 " fill = " grey " stroke= " black " stroke - width = " 12 " stroke - dasharray = " 3,5,2 " />
Ellipse , with and without scaling
Note that the scale command resizes not only the object , but also its border or stroke .
If we wish to expand a figure differently in one direction than the other , we simply add a second parameter to the transform as shown in the following in which we rescale by a factor of three horizontally , but only x 1.2 vertically .
Before rescaling
With rescaling < path d= " M 70 50 L 120,50 120,0 170,100 70,120z " fill = " grey " stroke= " black " stroke - width= " 4 " stroke - dasharray = " 1,5 " />/code > < path transform = " scale ( 3,1.2 ) " d= " M 70 50 L 120,50 120,0 170,100 70,120z " fill = " grey " stroke= " black " stroke - width= " 4 " stroke - dasharray = " 1,5 " />
Rescaling more horizontally than vertically
Note here that the hash marks associated with the dasharray remain no longer perpendicular to the path .
Below is an example in which we scale differentially in the x and y directions , preserving the height by multiplying it by 1.0 , but flipping and shrinking horizontally by multiplying by - 0.5 .
Differential , negative and fractional scaling
To see how we might scale something while keeping it centered about the same point , we use multiple transformations : a scale and a translation , as demonstrated in the next section .
multiple transformations and more
We may combine transformations by simply concatenating as follows :
transform=" translate ( - 100,-50 ) , scale ( 1.5 ) "
The operations are performed in the order right to left , so in the above case , the scale is applied first , moving all points 1.5 times further from the origin .
Then the figure is moved upward to the left .
In the following , we see how rescaling followed by a translation produces the desired effect of expanding an ellipse but keeping it centered about the same location .
Scale then translate
The original ellipse is centered at ( 200,100 ) .
When we simply rescale it , by a factor of 1.5 , the center moves accordingly to ( 300,150 ) , namely to 1.5 x ( 200,100 ) .
To move the ellipse back to its original center , we then apply a translation : translate ( - 100, - 50 ) , since ( 300,150 ) + ( - 100, -50 ) = ( 200,100 ) .
This sort of arithmetic is easily automated , if need be , through the use of JavaScript .
There are two other things about transformations that your author would like you to be aware of .
We may skew objects ( deform from their rectangle to an arbitrary parallelogram having two sides parallel to the original ) in SVG using SkewX and SkewY tranformations .
We may perform combinations of skew , rotate , translate , and scale using something called the CTM or current transformation matrix .
It comes in handy should a whole collection of transforms be applied to an object and we wish to figure out , where at last , it has ended up .
This topic is discussed a bit more when we talk about scripting in a later chapter .
Grouping
Once we start taking the things we have built and moving them around on the screen , it is natural to want some of them to move together as a unit .
The group tag , or < g > , is a tag that merely serves to put elements together , so that they might share a common set of transformations or other attributes .
Consider the simple figure drawn below with its code as shown :
SVG code Illustration < rect x =" 100 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 160 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< ellipse cx=" 150 " cy =" 140 " rx = " 30 " ry =" 100 " fill= " #bbb " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 130 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
Three rects and an oval
If we wanted to make three copies of it all side by side as in the following illustration , then we could perform two editing replacements : first change all the x =" 100 " statements to x= " - 20 " and the cx=" 150 " to cx= " 30 " , then , in the next copy , change the x =" 100 " to x = " 220 " and cx=" 150 " to cx=" 270 " .
The four statements turn into 12 statements , 8 of which have simple editing applied to effect the change .
Manually editing lots of coordinates < rect x= " - 20 "y = " 100 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< rect x= " - 20 " y= " 160 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< ellipse cx= " 30 " cy = " 140 " rx = " 30 "
ry =" 100 " fill= " #bbb " />
< rect x= " - 20 "y = " 130 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " /> < rect x =" 100 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 160 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< ellipse cx=" 150 " cy = " 140 " rx = " 30 "
ry =" 100 " fill= " #bbb " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 130 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " /> < rect x = " 220 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< rect x = " 220 " y=" 160 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< ellipse cx=" 270 " cy = " 140 " rx = " 30 "
ry =" 100 " fill= " #bbb " />
< rect x = " 220 " y=" 130 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
If the object being replicated were a complex path , the amount of arithmetic we would have to do might become annoying .
Fortunately , the < g > tag saves us some work , since instead we might just duplicate the code twice , placing each copy inside groups : < g> copy1</g > , < g> copy2</g > and then apply a separate transform to each as shown :
Using < g > groups to replicate code with transforms Transform group 120 pixels to the left Original Code Transform group 120 pixels to the right < g transform = translate ( - 120,0 ) >
[ place a copy of the same code here ]
</g> < rect x =" 100 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 160 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " />
< ellipse cx=" 150 " cy = " 140 " rx = " 30 "
ry =" 100 " fill= " #bbb " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 130 " width = " 100 "
height = " 20 " fill= " # 888 " /> < g transform = translate ( 120,0 ) >
[ place another copy of the same code here ]
</g >
We end up with a few more characters , but considerably less cognitive effort and time will be expended .
Inheriting attributes from the group
The group tag may also be used to define other attributes of elements within the group , such as the color used to fill some or all objects .
If an object has an attribute defined as
someNamedAttribute= " inherit "
then it will take whatever value of that attribute its containing group has been assigned .
In the following illustration , code is reused more effectively than manually editing each of the six rectangles , by letting the rectangles inherit their fill color from their groups .
Inheriting attributes from the group < g fill = " black " >
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 " fill =" inherit " / >
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 160 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 "
fill =" inherit " />
< ellipse cx=" 150 " cy =" 140 " rx = " 30 " ry =" 100 " fill= " # 777 " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 130 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 "
fill =" inherit " />
</g> < g transform =" translate ( 120,0 ) "
fill= " #bbb " >
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 "
fill =" inherit " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 160 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 "
fill =" inherit " />
< ellipse cx=" 150 " cy =" 140 " rx = " 30 " ry = " 100 "
fill= " #777 " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 130 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 "
fill =" inherit " />
</g >
In the next section we accomplish the same result but with considerably less code , using the < use > tag .
<use >
One more important way to reuse code , and , hence , simplify the process of adjusting it later on , is the < use > tag .
This allows us to define an object , give it an identifier ( an " id " attribute ) and then to reuse that object later on , without having to copy all of its code .
Working again with the example used earlier , we will show one more way to not only reuse code , but to simplify it and reduce the overall number of characters .
Reusing code ( with modifications ) — the < use > tag # 1 < g fill =" black " >
<g id = " G " >
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 " fill =" inherit " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 160 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 " fill =" inherit " />
< ellipse cx=" 150 " cy =" 140 " rx = " 30 " ry =" 100 " fill= " # 777 " />
< rect x =" 100 " y=" 130 " width = " 100 " height = " 20 " fill =" inherit " />
</g></g> # 2 < use xlink : href= " G " transform =" translate ( 120,0 ) " fill= " #bbb " >
Above we have built the three rectangles and the oval , with the fill color of the rectangles left undefined : that is , to be inherited from their group .
We then put all four objects inside a group with id = " G " .
That group can then be referred to within a < use > tag , by simply typing :
xlink : href= " G "
This ( a hypertext link to the object in this document known as " G " ) takes all the code within the object " G " and , as a part of the <use > , builds another instance .
In this case we have applied a transform to the new instance to slide it to the left , but we have also defined fill= " #bbb " so that all objects having the fill = " inherit " property ( in this case , just the three rectangles ) are colored light grey .
In the meantime , we must still assign a color to the rectangles of the first instance , so I 've wrapped the group " G " in yet another container and given that container its own fill color ( black ) .
Another example may help illustrate the compactness and utility that < use > can bring to our code .
Step 1 : We begin with an ellipse and two copies of it , rotated either 30 or 60 degrees .
Re-using an ellipse — Step 1 SVG code Illustration < g stroke= " black " stroke - width= " 2 " fill = " none " > < ellipse id = " g1 " cx=" 100 " cy =" 100 " rx = " 75 " ry = " 40 " /> < use xlink : href = " g1 " transform =" rotate ( 30 100 100 ) " /> < use xlink : href= " g1 " transform =" rotate ( 60 100 100 ) " /> </g >
Step 2 : We then take the three ellipses , put them in a group , with id = " g2 " ; and then reuse that group , with a new rotation of 90 degrees applied to the whole group .
This means we will now have a whole flower consisting of six ellipses ( each with different rotations : 0,30,60,90,120 and 150 degrees ) .
Since we intend to also reuse this flower , we 'll wrap it together in its own group with id = " g3 " and let the stroke and fill properties go up to the outermost container , since all things inside share those attribute values .
Re-using an ellipse — Step 2 SVG code Illustration < g id =" g3 " stroke= " black " stroke - width= " 2 " fill = " none " > < g id = " g2 " > < ellipse id = " g1 " cx=" 100 " cy =" 100 " rx = " 75 " ry = " 40 " /> < use xlink : href = " g1 " transform =" rotate ( 30 100 100 ) " /> < use xlink : href = " g1 " transform =" rotate ( 60 100 100 ) " /> </g> < use xlink : href= " g2 " transform =" rotate ( 90 100 100 ) " /> </g >
Step 3 .
Having grouped the six ellipses together into the object " g3 " , we will now reuse that object three more times , each with a different color and position .
To do this we let the stroke property move up to a new top level that contains the first flower , allowing the inner object " g3 " to have its own stroke undefined .
Each of the < use > tags which reuse " g3 " can then impart its own stroke color .
Re-using an ellipse — Step 3
An animated example of this can be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/use4.svg.
SVG code Illustration < g stroke= " black " > < g id =" g3 " fill = " none " stroke - width= " 2 " > < g id = " g2 " > < ellipse id = " g1 " cx=" 100 " cy =" 100 " rx = " 75 " ry = " 40 " /> < use xlink : href= " #g1 " transform =" rotate ( 30 100 100 ) " /> < use xlink : href= " #g1 " transform =" rotate ( 60 100 100 ) " /> </g> < use xlink : href= " #g2 " transform =" rotate ( 90 100 100 ) " /> </ g> </g> < g stroke = " blue " transform =" translate ( 80,0 ) " > < g id =" g3 " fill = " none " stroke - width= " 2 " > < g id = " g2 " > < ellipse id = " g1 " cx=" 100 " cy =" 100 " rx = " 75 " ry = " 40 " /> < use xlink : href= " #g1 " transform =" rotate ( 30 100 100 ) " /> < use xlink : href= " #g1 " transform =" rotate ( 60 100 100 ) " /> </g> < use xlink : href= " #g2 " transform =" rotate ( 90 100 100 ) " /> </ g> </g> < g stroke= " red " transform =" translate ( 0,80 ) " > < g id =" g3 " fill = " none " stroke - width= " 2 " > < g id = " g2 " > < ellipse id = " g1 " cx=" 100 " cy =" 100 " rx = " 75 " ry = " 40 " /> < use xlink : href= " #g1 " transform =" rotate ( 30 100 100 ) " /> < use xlink : href= " #g1 " transform =" rotate ( 60 100 100 ) " /> </g> < use xlink : href= " #g2 " transform =" rotate ( 90 100 100 ) " /> </g> </g > < g stroke=" green " transform =" translate ( 80,80 ) " > < g id =" g3 " fill = " none " stroke - width= " 2 " > < g id = " g2 " > < ellipse id = " g1 " cx=" 100 " cy =" 100 " rx = " 75 " ry = " 40 " /> < use xlink : href= " #g1 " transform =" rotate ( 30 100 100 ) " /> < use xlink : href= " #g1 " transform =" rotate ( 60 100 100 ) " /> </g> < use xlink : href= " #g2 " transform =" rotate ( 90 100 100 ) " / > </g> </g >
Putting SVG in a web page
Chapter 6 discusses the issue of various HTML containers that can be used to display SVG content in an HTML web page .
We might use < iframe > , < embed > < object > or even < img > and each will work to some extent in modern versions of the five browsers : Firefox , ASV + Internet Explorer , Opera , Chrome , and Safari .
While < object > would be the preferred approach from the perspective of compliance with W3C standards , some problems exist with both it and the < iframe > that make " < embed > " a persistent practical recommendation from some experts .
Others point out that this is only for consistency with IE and the ASV plugin and that < object > is preferable .
Later , in Chapter 6 , concerning SVG and HTML , ways of using the more " standards - compliant " < object > tag for SVG content in HTML , as well as " in-line " SVG will be discussed .
My own experiments ( see , for example , here and here ) together with certain other factors , lead me to use < embed > as the vehicle of choice , though this issue will be discussed in more detail later .
Given an SVG document , saved with a .svg extension , it may be placed in a web page using an < embed > as follows :
Code Illustration somefileA.svg < svg xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " >
< circle r= " 50 " / >
</svg > webpage .html < html >< body >< strong >
Here is a web page with an < br > SVG file embedded in it </ strong >< br >
< embed src= " / somefileA.svg " height =
" 50 " ></body ></html >
This is much as it should appear in any of Firefox , ASV + Internet Explorer , Safari , Opera or Chrome .
It is a sort of simplest case , in that fewer keystrokes in the SVG file will probably not do anything in at least one of the browsers .
Notes :
The xmlns variable , which in essence instructs the browser how to interpret the dialect of XML known as SVG is required by the standard though some browsers may allow us to leave out those 34 characters .
Some browsers do require it so it is best to get accustomed to including it .
The height = " 50 " attribute in the HTML document may be required in some browsers for the < embed > to be visible .
That the circle appears as a quarter - circle rather than a whole circle derives from the fact that no cx or cy is specified ; by default , both are assumed to be zero .
An additional variable should be set if one uses any xlink : href attributes in one 's document .
This was mentioned in this chapter when discussed the < image > tag , but many SVG authors include an attribute value which reads xmlns : xlink = " http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink " in their opening < svg > tag .
This allows the XML definition of compound attributes ( beginning with " xlink " as in xlink : href = " url ( # r ) " ) to be interpreted properly by the browser .
A natural question emerges at this point : how might we adjust the < embed > so that the SVG content fits properly ?
There are several issues associated with this question .
If we as programmers know how big the content in the SVG file is ( a sort of smallest rectangle starting at the origin which contains all the drawn objects ) , then we simply find that amount of real estate in our web page and allocate it to the SVG object through setting attributes on the < embed > .
In the example below , we fail to allocate enough space for the < embed > and it appears truncated on the page .
The effect of specifying different dimensions for the embed element Code Illustration somefileA.svg < svg
xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " >
< circle r=" 50 " cx=" 100 " cy = " 100 " / >
</svg > webpage .html < html >< body >< strong >
Here is a web page with an < br > SVG
file embedded in it </ strong >< br >
< embed src= " / somefileB.svg " height = " 100 "
width = " 100 " style= " border :solid # 999 1 " >
And more < br > just for good measure .
</body ></html >
We change the < embed > so it 's bigger :
And now the graphic fits < embed src= " / somefile1.svg " height = " 150 " width = " 150 "
style= " border : solid # 999 1 " >
Increasing the size of the < embed > allows the graphic to fit in the viewing area .
But in this case we had to take what we knew of the radius of the circle and add that to its center to calculate an appropriate size for the < embed > .
We might prefer a technique which adjusts to the graphic more automatically .
The following accomplishes this by establishing a " viewBox " : a relativized coordinate system within the SVG .
By centering the circle relative to the SVG space through the viewBox ( which is , in this case , a 200 x 200 pixel rectangle ) and then letting the height and width attributes of the SVG expand to 100 % of the available space , then , the SVG will expand or contract as needed to fit the < embed > .
More on the viewBox attribute will be discussed in the section on zooming and panning in a later chapter .
Introducing the viewBox Code Illustration somefileC.svg < svg xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " width = " 100 % " height = " 100 % " viewBox= " 0 0 200 200 " >
< circle r=" 50 " cx=" 100 " cy = " 100 " / >
</svg > webpage.html < html >< body ><b>
Here is a web page with an < br > SVG
file embedded in it </b>< br>
< embed src= " /somefileC.svg "
height =" 100 " width = " 100 " style= " border : solid # 999 1 " >
And more < br > just for good measure .
</body ></html >
The above solution scales nicely , in the sense that if we define the size of the embed as a percentage of the browser window then the SVG will expand or contract in a more customized way .
HTML Code Appearance in the browser < html > < body >< strong >
Here is a web page with an < br > SVG file embedded in it </ strong >
< embed src= " / somefileC.svg " width = " 100 % " height = " 30 % " style = " border : solid # 999 1 " >
And more < br > just for good measure .
</body ></html > SVG scaled to a proportion of size of web page
If we wish to use JavaScript to interact with the SVG document ( though these topics are the subject of much to come in later chapters ) , then we may wish to know the size of the SVG object ( if it is specified in absolute terms ) .
To determine its width and height we might use
document.embeds[0].clientWidth
document.embeds[0].clientHeight .
Since users of Internet Explorer and some older browsers will need the Adobe SVG Viewer plugin , it makes good sense to include the following attribute in one 's embed tag :
pluginspage = " http://www.adobe.com/svg/viewer/install/ "
This allows the user to find out what they need in order to actually see the SVG should the browser not be SVG capable .
If one is interested in compliance even with very old browsers ( e.g. Netscape Navigator 4 or older ) the SVG Wiki suggests wrapping an < object > around an < embed > as follows :
< object data= " sample.svgz " type = " image / svg+xml " width = " 400 " height = " 300 " >
< embed src= " /sample.svgz " type = " image / svg+xml " width = " 400 " height =
" 300 " />
</object >
What does seem to work for both ASV +
Internet Explorer and other browsers is the following :
< object id= " E " type = " image /svg+xml " data= " ovals.svg " width = " 320 " height = " 240 " >
< param name = " src " value= " ovals.svg " >
</object >
Again , while it seems that the browser developers are beginning to converge on workable solutions to these things , the future may see the use of < embed > decline as support for < object > becomes stronger , consistent with published standards .
However , with the HTML standard under current revision ( < embed > is in the current HTML5 draft ) and with alternatives to the Adobe plugin likely to emerge it is difficult to see how this particular microfuture may develop .
Using events within either HTML or SVG to send messages to the other 's scripts and DOM is covered in detail later .
Chapter III - Fancier SVG Effects
As a graphics language , SVG is not limited to just a set of graphic primitives ( albeit ones with a rich set of attributes ) .
There are other ways of filling , cropping and distorting objects that greatly enhance our arsenal of tools .
Gradients
The term " gradient " refers to a gradual change of colors , blending from one into the next , generally with the small local changes in color values being imperceptible .
It is fairly easy to define a gradient in SVG .
First we build a gradient object , then we use it as the fill ( or stroke ) of another object or set of objects .
The gradient object consists of a series of colors ( called stop - colors ) and the ways those colors will be faded into one another .
There are two primary types of gradient : radial , in which the colors surround some central point in concentric bands , and linear in which the transitions all take place perpendicular to some basic line or direction .
< stop > and stop - color
Gradients applied to a path < path d= " M 100 200 200 200 150 100 z "
stroke= " black " stroke - width= " 2 " fill = " url ( #g ) " /> linear radial < linearGradient id= " g " > < stop offset= " 0 " stop - color = " white " / > < stop offset= " 1 " stop - color = " black " / > </linearGradient > < radialGradient id= " g " > < stop offset= " 0 " stop - color = " white " /> < stop offset= " 1 " stop - color = " black " / > </radialGradient >
White is applied from left to right
White is applied from center to outside
The object to which the gradient will be applied uses a local url ( similar to the xlink : href we saw earlier with the < use > object ) as the attribute value of the " fill " attribute , hence demonstrating that an object may have a color or a gradient as its fill , but not both .
Note that in the linear gradient above , two " stops " have been built .
This means the gradient has two colors applied to it , one for each stop .
Those colors are determined by the stop - color attribute .
The offset attribute determines where between 0 % and 1=100 % of the way from left to right , the associated color ( in this case black or white ) should be applied .
That is , white is applied at the leftmost part of the triangle , while black is applied to the rightmost part .
Shades of grey gradually darken as we move to the right , with a grayscale value of 128/256 or 50 % occurring halfway across the image or along the line where x=150 .
For the radial gradient , the midpoint of the bounding rectangle around the path is chosen as the center .
From there we apply our first stop - color ( zero percent of the way out toward the corners of the bounding box ) .
Black will be applied to the four corners of the bounding rectangle , with shades of grey gradually lightening as we move toward the center .
More < stop>s
The number of stops in a gradient need not be limited to two .
The rectangles below are 200 pixels wide .
That means the linear gradient is white at 0 pixels and 150 pixels from the left , and black at 50 and 200 pixels .
Four stops apiece for linear and radial gradients applied to < rect > < stop offset= " 0 " stop - color = " white " / >
< stop offset= " . 25 " stop - color = " black " / >
< stop offset= " . 75 " stop - color = " white " / >
< stop offset= " 1 " stop - color = " black " / >
Varying angles and centers
Next , we observe that we can change the angle that a linear gradient traverses its fill , or the center point from which the waves of the radial gradient ripple outward .
The linear gradient in the underlying layer has several stops in black , white and grey .
Ordinarily the color - bands would run vertically .
We have rotated their angle 30 degrees though with a gradientTransform , rotated about the center ( 50%,50 % ) of the < rect > .
The radial gradient in the foreground has had its fx ( the x position of its focus ) changed to 95 % meaning that instead of concentric rings being centered about the middle of the < rect > , they are now offset to its extreme right side .
< linearGradient id= " l " gradientTransform=" rotate ( 30 .5 .5 ) " >
< stop offset= " .0 " stop - color = " black " / >
< stop offset= " . 1 " stop - color = " white " / >
< stop offset= " . 2 " stop - color = " black " / >
< stop offset= " . 3 " stop - color = " grey " / >
< stop offset= " . 4 " stop - color = " black " / >
< stop offset= " . 7 " stop - color = " white " / >
< stop offset= " . 9 " stop - color = " black " / >
</linearGradient >
< rect fill = " url ( #l ) " width = " 200 " height =
" 200 " /> < radialGradient id= " r " fx= " .
95 " >
< stop offset= " . 1 " stop - color = " white " / >
< stop offset= " . 6 " stop - color = " black " / >
< stop offset= " . 9 " stop - color = " white " / >
< stop offset= " 1 " stop - color = " black " / >
</radialGradient >
< rect fill = " url ( #r ) " y= " 60 " width = " 200 " height = " 80 " / >
Stop - opacity
In addition to specifying the color of a < stop > within a gradient , we may also specify its opacity through an attribute known as stop - opacity .
We may thus make gradients act like differential masks , gradually allowing an image underneath to fade in to view .
< stop offset= " . 8 " stop - color = " black " stop-opacity = " 0.5 " / >
Stop - opacity ( like regular opacity of drawn objects ) takes on values between 0 ( transparent ) and 1.0 ( opaque ) .
Here are some examples in which stop - opacity has been used with gradients to allow differing amounts of what is underneath to be visible along a partly transparent gradient .
Various applications of stop - opacity within gradients Superimposition of three copied but rotated linear gradients .
Changing tonalities with a radial gradient over an < image >
Two radial gradients superimposed Two radial gradients with spreadMethod = " repeat " ( see below )
These examples may be seen at
http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/gradient10.svg
http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/gradient9.svg
http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/gradient7.svg
http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/gradient11c.svg
spreadMethod
The spreadMethod determines how the gradient will fill a shape if it happens to " run out " before the image is filled .
Suppose , as in the example below left , we have a radial gradient which fills an ellipse but the stops of which are so close to the center that its effect is constrained to a small portion of the ellipse .
We might choose to replicate that fill pattern replicating the color transitions multiplicative outward as shown in the example on the right .
The two examples are the same except that the latter one has an attribute of spreadMethod = " repeat " defined .
In order for this method to work , the attribute gradientUnits =" userSpaceOnUse " must also be assigned .
spreadMethod is undefined spreadMethod =" reflect " < radialGradient id =" gradient1 " cx= " 30 % " cy = " 60 % " r= " 31 " fx = " 26 % " fy = " 34 % " >
< stop offset= " 0 " stop - color = " grey " / >
< stop id = " OF " offset = " 0.5 " stop color = " white " / >
< stop offset= " 1 " stop - color = " black " / >
</radialGradient > < radialGradient id =" gradient1 " cx= " 30 % " cy = " 60 % " r= " 31 " fx = " 26 % " fy = " 34 % "
spreadMethod =" reflect " gradientUnits="userSpaceOnUse " >
< stop offset= " 0 " stop - color = " grey " / >
< stop id = " OF " offset = " 0.5 " stop - color = " white " / >
< stop offset= " 1 " stop - color = " black " / >
</radialGradient >
Patterns
Like a gradient , a pattern defines a fill method that may be applied to a given shape .
In the case of a pattern though , we may specify some graphics that fill a given rectangle within a pattern , and then allow the pattern to replicate across the region being filled .
An example should make it fairly clear .
We define three identical ellipses in close proximity to one another :
<g id =" ovals3 " fill= " #835 " stroke - width= " . 7 " stroke= " #006 " >
< ellipse cx=" 16 " cy = " 8 " rx= " 4 " ry = " 2 " / >
< ellipse cx= " 8 " cy = " 3 " rx= " 4 " ry = " 2 " / >
< ellipse cx= " 5 " cy = " 11 " rx = " 4 " ry = " 2 " / >
</g >
Note that these ellipses all fit inside the rectangle ( 0,0 ) to ( 22,15 ) without any of the ellipses extending past the edges .
Now , we will build a pattern - space : a rectangle of size 22 by 15 , in which the three ovals are placed .
( We use the patternUnits attribute to make sure the coordinates of the pattern conform to the absolute viewing window rather than to fractions of the object being filled . )
< pattern id = " Oval " patternUnits=" userSpaceOnUse " width = " 22 " height = " 15 " >
<use xlink : href= " ovals3 " / >
</ pattern >
We then define a region ( in this case another ellipse ) and let the pattern called " Oval " be used to fill it .
< ellipse fill = " url ( #Oval ) " cx= " 50 % " cy = " 50 % " rx = " 20 % " ry = " 14 % " / >
Now we put it all together :
The definition and use of a < pattern >
The pattern itself ( scale x 6 ) : < g id =" ovals3 " fill= " # 835 " stroke - width= " . 7 " stroke= " #006 " > < ellipse cx=" 16 " cy = " 8 " rx= " 4 " ry = " 2 " /> < ellipse cx= " 8 " cy = " 3 " rx= " 4 " ry = " 2 " /> < ellipse cx= " 5 " cy = " 11 " rx = " 4 " ry = " 2 " /> </g>
Applied to a region < defs > < pattern id = " Oval " patternUnits=" userSpaceOnUse " width = " 22 " height = " 15 " > < use xlink : href= " ovals3 " /> </ pattern > </ defs > < ellipse fill= " # 7ac " cx = " 50 % " cy = " 50 % " rx = " 20 % " ry = " 14 % " /> < ellipse fill = " url ( #Oval ) " cx= " 50 % " cy = " 50 % " rx = " 20 % " ry = " 14 % " />
This example may be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/pattern1d.svg
In the above example , note that another ellipse ( the blue one ) has been placed under the pattern just to help see how the pattern , when not completely filled , is actually transparent .
The objects we place inside a pattern can be numerous and complex , as shown in the following example , where the objects are ellipses filled with reflected gradients .
A pattern space filled with reflected gradients in ovals .
Masks and clip - paths
While using the stop - opacity of a gradient can allow us to appear to clip or crop an underlying image down to a smaller region in the shape of either a rectangle ( in the case of linear gradients ) or ellipse ( in the case of radial gradients ) , this technique gives us no easy way to clip down to an arbitrary polygon .
Masks and clip - paths are a more realistic approach to cutting a shape out of an underlying picture .
The < mask > and < clipPath > tags provide similar sets of capabilities .
We may think of a < clipPath > as a special case of a < mask > which is slightly simpler to use , but not quite so powerful .
As such , we will introduce it first .
the < clipPath >
We use a < clipPath > to carve a shape into another graphic element .
That is , a < clipPath > is a container for a set of graphic elements ( any combination of ' path ' , ' text ' , ' rect ' , ' circle ' , ' ellipse ' , ' line ' , ' polyline ' , ' polygon ' , ' image ' and 'use ' ) , which when applied to another graphic element , through its clip - path attribute , results in the restriction of the visible part of that graphic element to the defined clipPath .
In the example below , an < image > tag is defined with a clip - path attribute referring to to a simple < clipPath > containing an ellipse .
The rendered portion of the image is limited to those pixels that are within the ellipse .
As with gradients and other SVG items containing references to things defined elsewhere in the document , the clipPath is given an id and then the thing to be clipped by it refers to that id within its clip - path attribute .
A simple < clipPath > applied to an < image > < clipPath id = " CP " > < ellipse cx=" 330 " cy = " 80 " rx = " 70 " ry = " 25 " /> </clipPath > < image xlink : href= ' thesoul2.jpg ' y= " 0 " x =" 200 " width = " 35 % " height = " 40 % " clip - path = " url ( #CP ) " / >
We may insert more than one graphic element inside a clipPath , and the graphic element may itself be complex ( in the sense that a fill - method = " evenodd " assignment would render the region with more than one contiguous sub-region ) .
If an element is complex in this way , then it must have its clip - method ( rather than its fill - method ) set to " evenodd . "
The example below shows a clipPath containing three shapes inside it : two simple ellipses and a complex path with two distinct subregions .
A single rectangle has been placed " behind " the image , so that we may observe that the regions cropped away from the rendered image are indeed invisible .
< clipPath > containing three graphic elements and applied to an < image > < rect x= " 322 " y= " 0 " height = " 200 " width = " 20 " fill = " url ( #g ) " /> < clipPath id = " CP " > < ellipse cx=" 335 " cy = " 25 " rx = " 70 " ry = " 25 " /> < ellipse cx=" 335 " cy = " 80 " rx = " 90 " ry = " 25 " /> < path d= " M 270 140 A 65 30 0 1 1 270 141 M 308 128 A 25 7 0 1 1 308 129 " clip-rule= " evenodd " /> </clipPath > < image xlink : href= ' thesoul2.jpg ' y= " 0 " x =" 200 " width = " 35 % " height = " 40 % " clip - path = " url ( #CP ) " />
This example may be see at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/clipPath1.svg
Two < clipPath >s may be intersected .
The following demonstrates a picture being clipped first to a star - shaped region " ST " .
The result , " I " , is then reused ( being reflected and translated ) with a new clip - path applied — one that happens to coincide with a rectangle , " R " , that passes beneath it and is reused to form the second clipping path , " C2 " .
The example is an interesting one since it illustrates some of the complex ways in which SVG objects can be combined with one another .
Repeated clippings of an < image > : first to a star , then to a rectangular subregion of the star .
< clipPath id =" ST " > < path d = " M 204 247 24 189 135 343 135 152 24 306 z " /> </ clipPath > < image xlink : href= 'p76.jpg ' y= " 140 " x = " - 30 " id = " I " width = " 35 % " height = " 40 % " clip - path = " url ( #ST ) " /> < rect id = " R " x= " 0 % " y= " 215 " height = " 16 % " width = " 100 % " fill= " #734 " opacity = " .
4 " /> < clipPath id = " C2 " > < use xlink : href= " #R " /> </ clipPath > < use xlink : href= " #I " clip - path = " url ( #C2 ) " transform =" translate ( 416,0 ) scale ( - 1,1 ) " / >
A similar example can be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/clipPath4.svg
Above , we have taken the result " I " of a clipping operation and applied another clip to that .
We might accomplish a similar result , following from the above code by applying the " ST " clipPath as a clipping path to another clipPath containing the rectangle " R " as shown in the following code .
< clipPath id =" C3 " clip - path = " url ( #ST ) " >
<use xlink : href= " #R " / >
</clipPath > < image xlink : href= '../p76.jpg' y= " 150 " x = " 350 " width = " 35 % " height = " 40 % " clip - path = " url ( #C3 ) " / >
It should also be noted that the major SVG browsers show some inconsistent behavior regarding clipPaths at the current point in time .
While all browsers seem to agree on the handling of the earlier example involving two < image > tags above , the addition of additional complexity in the URL cited as viewed in different browsers is markedly different , with some , but not all of the differences being attributable to the presence of SMIL .
Neither Firefox , Safari , nor Chrome seems to appreciate the application of a clip - path directly to a clipPath , though Opera and ASV +IE behave as one might expect on the basis of intuition alone .
Because of the expressive power of SVG , there are often multiple ways to accomplish the same end .
As demonstrated below , we might clip an image to a shape using the clipPath , as we have investigated in this section , but we might also use the < mask > , a composite filter ( covered in the next chapter ) , or simply overlay a rectangle with a hole in it ( the least elegant of the approaches ) .
All but the last approach actually remove unwanted parts of the picture as is illustrated by the rectangle which appears behind the first three images , but is interrupted by the overlaid region in the fourth .
Clipping to a shape using clipPath , mask , composite , and overlay .
< clipPath id = " CP " > < ellipse cx= " 50 % " cy = " 65 " rx = " 15 % " ry = " 60 " /> </ clipPath > < image xlink : href= 'p78.jpg ' y= " 0 " x = " 30 % " width = " 35 % " height = " 160 " clip - path = " url ( #CP ) " /> < mask id = " Ma " > < ellipse cx=" 55 % " cy =" 190 " rx = " 15 % " ry = " 60 " fill = " white " / > </ mask > < image xlink : href=' thesoul2.jpg ' y= " 110 " x = " 30 % " width = " 35 % " height = " 160 " mask = " url ( # Ma ) " /> < ellipse style= " filter:url ( #B ) " cx = " 50 % " cy = " 315 " rx = " 15 % " ry = " 60 " /> < filter id = " B " > < feImage xlink : href= 'p74.jpg ' y= " 240 " height = " 160 " width= " 90 % " /> < feComposite operator= " in " in2 = " SourceGraphic " /> </ filter > < image xlink : href= 'p76.jpg ' y= " 380 " x = " 300 " width = " 300 " height = " 155 " /> < path d= " M 300 380 L 600 380 600 535 300 535 M 320 457 A 120 60 0 1 1 320 458 " fill = " white " fill - rule= " evenodd " / >
The < mask >
As can be seen from the above illustration , the mask and the clipPath have much in common .
The fundamental difference is that while the clipPath provides an all - or - none clipping function , the mask can provide partial occlusion of the underlying object based on color values provided within the mask .
In a sort of simplest case ( see the figure " Clipping to a shape using clipPath , mask , composite , and overlay " above ) , a mask , just like a clipPath , provides a region that divides the object to be clipped into two parts : the visible ( black or opaque ) part and the invisible ( white or transparent ) part .
A mask also allows , however , for this division to provide an alpha channel to an object based on color or transparency values of the mask .
That is , suppose instead of merely clipping a bitmap or other graphic we wish to make parts of it invisible or partly visible , while we might see a gradual transition from invisible to visible in other parts .
To illustrate the difference between a clipPath and a Mask , consider the following example .
< linearGradient id =" gradient1 " >
< stop offset = " 0.0 " stop - color = " black " / >
< stop offset= " 1 " stop - color = " white " / >
</linearGradient >
< mask id = " Ma " >
< rect x= " 300 " y= " 300 " width = " 400 " height =
" 100 "
fill =" url(#gradient1 ) " / >
</ mask >
< text x = " 220 " y=" 365 " font - family = " impact "
font - size = " 52 " mask = " url ( # Ma ) " fill = " black " >
Some Masked Text : it outsprawls its mask
</ text >
This example may be seen at http://srufaculty.sru.edu/david.dailey/svg/newstuff/mask6.svg
A simple linear gradient is defined ranging from black to white as we move from left to right .
The gradient is applied to a rectangle starting at ( x , y ) = ( 300,300 ) and ending at ( x+w , y+h ) = ( 700,400 ) .
The rectangle is not actually visible since it is part of a mask that has id = " Ma " .
The mask is then applied to a text object , the bounds of which extend well beyond the rectangle of the mask , in both horizontal directions .
Since black , at the left side of the mask , is equivalent ( at least in the case of RGB images ) to " opaque , " the text is hidden at that side .
As we move toward the right ( which in this case coincides with white and hence " transparent " ) the text becomes more visible ( since its mask is more transparent ) .
In the next example , we look a bit closer at the mask , this time using four different transparency levels ( also known as alpha values ) within the mask , applied through four separate rectangles .
< g id = " RS " > < rect x= " 300 " y= " 100 " width = " 100 " height = " 100 " fill = " rg b( 25%,25%,25 % ) " /> < rect x= " 400 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 " height = " 100 " fill = " rg b ( 50%,50%,50 % ) " /> < rect x =" 500 " y=" 100 " width = " 100 " height = " 100 " fill = " rg b( 75%,75%,75 % ) " /> <
( CNN ) --
It was late December 2007 , and all eyes were on South Carolina .
The fallout from Gov. Mark Sanford 's affair caps months of decline for the second - term governor .
As the state 's Republican presidential primary neared , a crowded field of contenders sought the backing of their party 's rising star , but Gov. Mark Sanford pledged to stay neutral in what was then a wide - open GOP race .
Fast - forward nearly 18 months later , and even Sanford 's closest allies are distancing themselves from him after he admitted to an extramarital affair with a woman from Argentina .
A week ago , some observers said they thought Sanford 's resignation was inevitable .
But the Republican governor has made it clear that he's not going to step down , and some now say he might be able to hang onto his job .
" My hope is and continues to be that he can reconcile with his family and repair the damage done to his family and with the constituents of South Carolina and can finish out his term , " Republican Sen.
Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said , The State newspaper reported .
" That is still my belief , and that is still my hope , and I believe that is possible . "
Last week , nearly half of the state 's GOP senators called on Sanford to step aside .
But the South Carolina Republican Party on Monday stopped short of recommending that Sanford resign , instead voting to censure him for his secret overseas travels .
Related : South Carolina GOP votes to censure Sanford
The decision was made on a lengthy conference call that was organized for party members to discuss how to respond to the Sanford saga , which has consumed the South Carolina political world for two weeks .
On the final ballot , 22 voted to censure Sanford , 10 to demand his resignation and nine to support the governor .
No sitting governor has ever been censured by the South Carolina Republican Party , and while the resolution does n't reflect well upon the governor , it could have been worse for him , had the party decided to ask for his resignation .
Richard Yow , a member of the South Carolina Republican Party executive committee from Chesterfield County , told CNN that Sanford called him Monday , apologized and said that resigning would " be the easy way out . "
Still , Sanford has kept a low profile , with no public events scheduled this week .
Sanford last week insisted in a message to his political action committee that " I would ultimately be a better person and of more service in whatever doors
God opened next in life if I stuck around to learn lessons rather than running and hiding down at the farm . "
But just finishing out his term is a far cry from the future that was once thought to be in store for Sanford , who had been rumored to be on Sen .
John McCain 's shortlist for vice president and also was considered a potential 2012 presidential contender .
The fallout from Sanford 's affair caps several months of decline for the two - term governor , who suffered a bruising session with the state Legislature , losing his fight to turn down $ 700 million in federal stimulus money .
Sanford , who was elected chairman of the Republican Governors Association in November , had amplified his role on the national stage as he led the party 's resistance to President Obama 's $ 787 billion stimulus package .
Critics accused Sanford of political posturing at the cost of improving some of the nation 's worst schools .
The state Legislature eventually passed a law requiring that Sanford accept the money , and the South Carolina Supreme Court ruled last month that the governor had no choice but to comply .
Sanford lost what at the time seemed like the biggest fight of his political career .
And when he disappeared late last month , there was speculation that he had simply gone off to recoup from the defeat .
His office tried to quiet the rumors regarding his whereabouts , telling reporters Sanford was hiking along the Appalachian Trail .
But after being spotted in the Atlanta , Georgia , airport nearly a week since he'd first stepped out of pocket , Sanford came forward with a different story .
With his wife nowhere in sight , a teary - eyed governor confessed to the affair in a rambling news conference and stepped down as head of the GOP governors ' group .
In the days that followed , Sanford shared more details -- including an admission that he'd seen his mistress more times than he originally admitted and revealing that he'd " crossed lines " with other women .
More of his allies defected , further wounding Sanford 's 15 - year political career .
Sanford entered politics in 1994 , leaving the business world to vie for South Carolina 's 1st Congressional District seat in the U.S. House of Representatives .
Despite having no political experience , the 34 - year - old launched a successful campaign , managed by his wife , Jenny .
Sanford served three terms and earned a reputation for fighting excessive government spending and advocating conservative views .
He opposed gay marriage and civil unions and voted to ban gay adoptions .
Sanford also voted to impeach President Clinton following the admission of his relationship with intern Monica Lewinsky , telling CNN in 1999 , " The issue of lying is probably the biggest harm , if you will , to the system of democratic government , representative government , because it undermines trust .
And if you undermine trust in our system , you undermine everything . "
In 2000 , Sanford decided against seeking re-election , citing self - imposed term limits .
Soon after , the father of four boys set his sights on the governorship .
He decisively beat Lt. Gov. Bob Peeler in the GOP primary and went on to unseat Democratic incumbent Jim Hodges in the 2002 election .
Peeler 's brother Harvey , now the state Senate majority leader , was one of the strongest voices calling for Sanford 's resignation , saying last week that the governor " has lost his ability to lead , and I 'm afraid he has lost his ability to function as a man . "
Harvey Peeler was n't the only Sanford critic in state government .
As governor , Sanford was known for not seeing eye to eye with the Legislature .
In 2004 , for example , the governor showed up at the State House with two squealing pigs -- named Pork and Barrel -- one day after House members clashed with him over the state budget .
The House had accepted one of his 106 vetoes on items in the budget , The State reported .
Now , with more critics than ever , Sanford is fighting to win back the trust of his family , colleagues and constituents .
Jenny Sanford said last week that although she is willing to forgive her husband , " actions have consequences , and he will be dealing with those consequences for a long while .
Trust has been broken and will need to be rebuilt . "
And while Sanford 's office insists the governor " intends to work diligently " to earn back that trust , as Jenny Sanford said , " it is up to the people and elected officials of South Carolina to decide whether they will give Mark another chance as well . "
CNN 's Peter Hamby contributed to this report .
All About Mark Sanford • South Carolina • South Carolina Republican Party
Rupert Murdoch ’s interest in erecting paywalls around NewsCorp content and removing it from Google ’s index is in the news seemingly daily .
And today , it looks like Google made a play to keep the Wall Street Journal and other NewsCorp properties in the index .
Mashable reports on the two changes , and the second one has interesting fair use implications :
Publishers now have the option to tell Google ’s spiders to only crawl and index the “ preview pages . ”
This refers to pages that display the first few paragraphs of an article on subscription sites like WSJ.com in order to entice them to pay for a subscription .
If a publisher chooses to have spiders crawl their articles in this manner , they will be labeled with “ subscription ” within Google News .
If you do n’t know what fair use is , there are four factors that courts look at to see if an otherwise infringing use of one ’s copyright is “ fair ” and therefore non-infringing :
the purpose and character of your use the nature of the copyrighted work the amount and substantiality of the portion taken , and the effect of the use upon the potential market .
For more , this Stanford guide is a good start — indeed , the bullets above are a direct copy from there — but if you can handle some legalese , you are best off reading a case .
I recommend Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. v. RDR
Books ( “ RDR “ , for short ) , for two reasons : ( 1 ) it ’s about Harry Potter and ( 2 ) it shows that fair use is not at all intuitive .
The case does n’t apply here but it ’s easier to slough through than most cases .
Anyway :
The fair use analysis .
I am going to skip the second factor because I think it ’s basically irrelevant in this case .
Factor 1 : Is Google ’s use transformative ?
Yes , generally .
NewsCorp provides the content to report the news .
Google uses the content to provide a research tool .
While Google would almost certainly agree to not index NewsCorp content irrespective of the legal question , I wonder if NewsCorp could force the issue legally .
The answer : Probably not .
Crawling and indexing is transfomative : the search service ( Google , Google News , etc. ) is a research tool .
This article about litigation over Google ’s Image Search explains more , and the analogy should hold .
In that case , Google argued that it provides the image thumbnails in order to allow it to act as an effective research tool .
The court noted that Google is n’t providing the full - size image , but rather , just enough for the searcher to see if they ’re on the right track and click through .
If Google provided access to the full text instead of the synopsis , it seems that they ’d be hard - pressed to claim they are providing a research tool
This factor would be in play and likely tilt toward NewsCorp .
Factor 3 : Is the amount and substantiality of the content “ too much ” ?
Let ’s look at academic papers and their research tools ; specifically , PubMed .
Check out this search result for “ food protein induced enterocolitis syndrome ” and you ’ll see it ’s a mere syllabus .
It ’s substantial enough to meet the needs of the researcher , and the amount — well , the copyright holder wrote the passage so that researches can find the paper .
It ’d be hard for the author to argue that using this is “ too much , ” but it ’d also be hard for the research tool provider to argue that this is not enough .
The parallel to preview pages , written by the publisher ( NewsCorp , for example ) for the benefit of the researcher , is stark .
If NewsCorp provides these pages to Google ( and the pages are indeed adequate to meet the researchers ’ needs ) , Google would be very hard pressed to make a fair use argument for indexing the content behind the paywall .
Factor 4 : What is the effect of Google ’s use on the potential market for NewsCorp ’s content ?
Seems like an easy one .
If Google indexes the preview page , the effect is minimal at worst .
If Google indexes the article itself ( and provides it for free ) , different story .
NewsCorp is drawing a line , albeit maybe one in the sand , saying that there ’s a paid - for market for their complete content .
If Google crosses that line , the factor tilts into NewsCorp ’s factor , quickly .
So , I think that at the end of the day , Google is doing what it has to do , not what it necessarily wants to .
Guild Wars 2 Trailer Showcases Races , Vocal Talent ArenaNet has released a new Guild Wars 2 trailer introducing " iconic heroes " of the sequel 's five playable races and the downright gorgeous locations they hail from .
The subscription - free PC MMORPG will be released
The subscription - free PC MMORPG will be released " when it 's done " , though investor documents have suggested this might be tentatively planned to be 2010 or 2011 .
Those hungry for more Guild Wars 2 eye candy can enjoy the media bomb of concept art , screenshots , details and a huge trailer that dropped at Gamescom in August .
A developer Q&A session by ArenaNet with world designer and writer Ree Soesbee explains what 's on show in the video and reveals some of the sequel 's top vocal talent -- including Dr. Horrible star and geek favourite Felicia Day .
The images streaming in from Haiti look like scenes from Dante ’s Inferno .
The scale of the calamity is unprecedented .
In many ways , Haiti has almost ceased to exist .
The earthquake that will forever change that nation came as subterranean plates shifted about six miles under the surface of the earth , along a fault line that had threatened trouble for centuries .
But no one saw a quake of this magnitude coming .
The 7.0 quake came like a nightmare , with the city of Port - au - Prince crumbling , entire villages collapsing , bodies flying in the air and crushed under mountains of debris .
Orphanages , churches , markets , homes , and government buildings all collapsed .
Civil government has virtually ceased to function .
Without power , communication has been cut off and rescue efforts are seriously hampered .
Bodies are piling up , hope is running out , and help , though on the way , will not arrive in time for many victims .
Even as boots are finally hitting the ground and relief efforts are reaching the island , estimates of the death toll range as high as 500,000 .
Given the mountainous terrain and densely populated villages that had been hanging along the fault line , entire villages may have disappeared .
The Western Hemisphere ’s most impoverished nation has experienced a catastrophe that appears almost apocalyptic .
In truth , it is hard not to describe the earthquake as a disaster of biblical proportions .
It certainly looks as if the wrath of God has fallen upon the Caribbean nation .
Add to this the fact that Haiti is well known for its history of religious syncretism — mixing elements of various faiths , including occult practices .
The nation is known for voodoo , sorcery , and a Catholic tradition that has been greatly influenced by the occult .
Haiti’s history is a catalog of political disasters , one after the other .
In one account of the nation ’s fight for independence from the French in the late 18th century , representatives of the nation are said to have made a pact with the Devil to throw off the French .
According to this account , the Haitians considered the French as Catholics and wanted to side with whomever would oppose the French .
Thus , some would use that tradition to explain all that has marked the tragedy of Haitian history — including now the earthquake of January 12 , 2010 .
Does God hate Haiti ?
That is the conclusion reached by many , who point to the earthquake as a sign of God ’s direct and observable judgment .
God does judge the nations — all of them — and God will judge the nations .
His judgment is perfect and his justice is sure .
He rules over all the nations and his sovereign will is demonstrated in the rising and falling of nations and empires and peoples .
Every molecule of matter obeys his command , and the earthquakes reveal his reign — as do the tides of relief and assistance flowing into Haiti right now .
A faithful Christian cannot accept the claim that God is a bystander in world events .
The Bible clearly claims the sovereign rule of God over all his creation , all of the time .
We have no right to claim that God was surprised by the earthquake in Haiti , or to allow that God could not have prevented it from happening .
God ’s rule over creation involves both direct and indirect acts , but his rule is constant .
The universe , even after the consequences of the Fall , still demonstrates the character of God in all its dimensions , objects , and occurrences .
And yet , we have no right to claim that we know why a disaster like the earthquake in Haiti happened at just that place and at just that moment .
The arrogance of human presumption is a real and present danger .
We can trace the effects of a drunk driver to a car accident , but we cannot trace the effects of voodoo to an earthquake — at least not so directly .
Will God judge Haiti for its spiritual darkness ?
Of course .
Is the judgment of God something we can claim to understand in this sense — in the present ?
No , we are not given that knowledge .
Jesus himself warned his disciples against this kind of presumption .
Why did no earthquake shake Nazi Germany ?
Why did no tsunami swallow up the killing fields of Cambodia ?
Why did Hurricane Katrina destroy far more evangelical churches than casinos ?
Why do so many murderous dictators live to old age while many missionaries die young ?
Does God hate Haiti ?
God hates sin , and will punish both individual sinners and nations .
But that means that every individual and every nation will be found guilty when measured by the standard of God ’s perfect righteousness .
God does hate sin , but if God merely hated Haiti , there would be no missionaries there ; there would be no aid streaming to the nation ; there would be no rescue efforts — there would be no hope .
The earthquake in Haiti , like every other earthly disaster , reminds us that creation groans under the weight of sin and the judgment of God .
This is true for every cell in our bodies , even as it is for the crust of the earth at every point on the globe .
The entire cosmos awaits the revelation of the glory of the coming Lord .
Creation cries out for the hope of the New Creation .
In other words , the earthquake reminds us that the Gospel of Jesus Christ is the only real message of hope .
The cross of Christ declares that Jesus loves Haiti — and the Haitian people are the objects of his love .
Christ would have us show the Haitian nation his love , and share his Gospel .
In the midst of this unspeakable tragedy , Christ would have us rush to aid the suffering people of Haiti , and rush to tell the Haitian people of his love , his cross , and salvation in his name alone .
Everything about the tragedy in Haiti points to our need for redemption .
This tragedy may lead to a new openness to the Gospel among the Haitian people .
That will be to the glory of God .
In the meantime , Christ ’s people must do everything we can to alleviate the suffering , bind up the wounded , and comfort the grieving .
If Christ ’s people are called to do this , how can we say that God hates Haiti ?
If you have any doubts about this , take your Bible and turn to John 3:16 .
For God so loved the world , that he gave his only Son , that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life .
That is God ’s message to Haiti .
The Hong Kong truck driver who persuaded a 19 - year - old model he was a Taoist Mao Shan master , with the power to grant her career success in return for sex , has been found guilty of nine counts of " unlawful sexual intercourse under false pretences " .
Between April and December 2007 , Au Yeung Kwok - fu , 55 , indulged in nine powerful rites with the young woman in the form of intercourse and oral sex .
She got in the family way , despite Au Yeung 's insistence he " had the supernatural power to keep me from getting pregnant " , as his victim put it .
She had an abortion , and subsequent tests proved Au Yeung Kwok - fu was the father .
He was hauled into court where District Court judge Stanley Chan Kwong - chi , while describing the complainant as " stupid , ignorant and simple - minded in having sex with a man 20 years her senior on the blind faith it would bring her fame and wealth " , said she was an " honest witness " .
Chan rejected defence claims that " during the sex rituals Au Yeung had no control over his body as he was possessed by his master 's spirit " , and noted that it was not normal practice for religions to require sex in return for blessings .
He added : " If one claims so , it is heresy or a cult , using crooked theories to satisfy one 's lust . "
The judge yesterday postponed sentencing until January 21 , " pending a psychological report " .
Au Yeung Kwok - fu was remanded into custody , Hong Kong 's The Standard concludes . ®
More than 14,700 Americans with secret offshore bank accounts came forward for a recently concluded federal tax leniency program , helping generate what IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman said on Tuesday would be " billions of dollars " in new tax revenue .
A rush of tax evaders applied before the program 's Oct. 15 deadline — nearly double the IRS preliminary tally — taking advantage of guarantees that they would n't face criminal prosecution if they paid taxes , interest and reduced civil penalties .
Shulman said the applications , combined with 4,450 American accounts at Swiss banking giant UBS that are scheduled to be disclosed under a court settlement , are a win for Americans who pay their fair share , because former tax evaders will begin sharing the load .
" We have now gained access to thousands of taxpayers and bank accounts that we have never had before , " said Shulman , who added that an intensified federal crackdown on international tax evasion shows " we are serious about piercing the veil of bank secrecy . "
The IRS announcement came as the agency also disclosed the criteria Switzerland is using to determine which American clients of UBS will have their identities disclosed to U.S. authorities .
Shulman said the IRS is using voluntary disclosure program evidence to probe financial institutions and intermediaries that help Americans hide income offshore .
The leniency offer accompanied the IRS ' legal battle with UBS , which in February agreed to a $ 780 million settlement of criminal charges that it had secretly sent bankers into the U.S. to help American clients evade taxes .
The bank later turned over data for up to 250 Americans whose accounts had alleged signs of tax evasion .
Under the federal civil settlement , Swiss authorities have until August to disclose accounts for 4,450 American clients of UBS .
Federal officials said the first 500 would be identified by month 's end .
The targeted UBS accounts include those that held more than 1 million Swiss francs — roughly $ 985,000 — any time between 2001 and 2008 for which " tax fraud or the like " is suspected .
Similarly targeted are accounts that earned an annual average of 100,000 Swiss francs for at least three years .
The settlement criteria define " tax fraud " to include income under - reporting based on a " scheme of lies . "
Other criteria target owners who used calling or debit cards to trade and move funds secretly .
Martin Press , a Fort Lauderdale tax lawyer whose firm represents some of the targeted Americans , said UBS appeared to be handing over ex-clients who moved their accounts to other Swiss banks .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Labour and the Tories both believe computing costs can be slashed A leaked document setting out the government 's IT strategy for the next five years is " complacent " and lacks ambition , the Conservatives say .
The paper details plans to save billions through greater use of social media and innovations such as an online " apps store " for civil servants .
It also predicts that by 2020 new software will allow computers to do tasks currently carried out by humans .
The government said it did not comment on leaked documents .
The Conservatives , who obtained the document , have set up a website , makeitbetter.org.uk , where it is published in full , with a facility for people to comment on it .
The document , entitled Government ICT Strategy : New World , New Challenges , sets out how the government plans to harness computer technology to save cash and improve public services up to 2015 .
' Cloud infrastructure '
It includes plans for an online government applications store - to enable civil servants to share and re-use computer programmes .
At the moment , there are more than 10,000 unique applications - computer programmes designed to carry out specific tasks - being used by public sector organisations , the report says .
We will shortly be publishing a new public sector ICT strategy that , as called for by the Operational Efficiency Programme , will deliver savings of more than £ 3bn a year
Cabinet Office
The new applications store will be launched early next year .
The report says it will save an estimated £ 500 m a year by 2020 .
But the bulk of the planned savings - £ 1.6bn - will come from the development of a government " cloud infrastructure " - a way of pooling computer systems which is meant to cut costs and energy consumption .
The government plans to launch a prototype of what it calls the " G cloud " early next year , with a standard model to be introduced by the end of 2010 .
The document also outlines plans to develop 10 to 12 strategic data centres , which it says will bring together " existing public data centres into highly secure and resilient facilities " , which it claims will save £ 300 m a year and cut power consumption by 75 % .
' Systemic failures '
It also proposes a common desktop strategy , which will involve 80 % of government PCs using a shared utility service by 2015 .
Looking further ahead , the report predicts the use of semantic technologies , which potentially allow computers to handle tasks that currently require human intervention .
Politicians in opposition and in government are latching onto the idea of using the web to engage with the wider public
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC 's technology correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full
It also highlights the development of human / computer interaction in hospitals - removing the need to use a keyboard or pointing device .
Government sources told the Financial Times the leaked document was an " early draft " which had not been signed off by ministers .
Ministers are expected to publish details of their IT strategy ahead of next week 's pre-Budget report .
The Cabinet Office said it did not comment on leaked documents , but a spokesman said : " As part of our commitment to making government more efficient and effective we 're looking at ways of reducing our ICT spend without affecting the excellent digital services we now offer .
" We will shortly be publishing a new public sector ICT strategy that , as called for by the Operational Efficiency Programme , will deliver savings of more than £ 3bn a year . "
The Conservatives say the government plans lack ambition , compared with their own plans to break up large IT projects into smaller components and encourage more use of " open source " software , ending the government 's reliance on a handful of suppliers .
On the makeitbetter site , the party claims the government has spent £ 100bn on IT since 1997 , but it quotes a recent study which says 70 % of recent projects have failed .
It says the report fails in its aim of showing how the government can get to grips with the " systemic failures in public sector IT procurement over the past decade , " such as the " calamitous " NHS database .
It adds : " Not only is it possible to develop a more ambitious , cost - effective and transformative vision for government IT , but we believe that it's also possible to pursue a completely different approach to making policy .
" Rather than the traditional closed approach to policy making that this report typifies , we want to throw open the process and allow people to contribute their ideas on how policy should be designed .
" In the post - bureaucratic age , we believe that crowdsourcing and collaborative design can help us to make better policies - and we think this approach should begin now . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Body Turnoffs
While Appearance Is Not The Most Important Thing In A Relationship , These Body Turnoffs Signal A Larger Issue : Lack Of Self - Care
Page 1 of 2
It is often assumed that women generally let themselves go once they 're in a relationship .
This is frequently true , but men are just as bad ; women are just far more tolerant .
But this does n’t mean you do n’t need to make an effort , because she does notice , and yes , she misses the body you had when you first met .
Your sexual attractiveness is very important , and as a relationship wears on , the laziness and complacency begins .
If you think she will love you 'til the day you die no matter what you look like , think again .
She might just want to trade you in for the newer model — the model that makes an effort to ensure he looks good not only for himself , but for her .
You expect her to make an effort with her appearance , do n’t you ?
She does n’t want a man who spends more time in front of the mirror than her , nor does she want a muscle man .
She just wants you … with a couple of fix-ups .
Here you will find a quick list of what body blunders women find most offensive , and easy ways to improve bits of yourself without going overboard .
Man boobs
This is the area she most looks at when she perves at you naked .
It is also probably one of her favorite places to rest her head , nibble nipples and caress lovingly .
A man ’s chest is a treasured place for women , so having a posh pair of man boobs covered in carpet is not a turn - on — especially if your boobs are bigger than hers .
What you can do :
You can transform your man boobs reasonably easily with a bit of focused attention , and then you get to call them pecs and show them off .
Invest in some weights and get one of your fitter mates to show you how to use them properly ; do n’t hurt yourself by trying to be tougher than you really are .
Rowing machines are a great all - round workout for the entire upper body and can work miracles in a reasonably short time span , though you will be working hard .
If you have a really , really hairy front , you might want to consider trimming , waxing or laser hair removal .
Some hair is generally considered manly and sexy , but if she ca n’t nibble your nipples without getting a floss , maybe you ’re due for a trim .
Excessive pubic hair
The point here can be easily made like this :
Do you like going down on a furry muff ?
You do n’t , do you ?
And neither does she .
Your largest manly appendage is smooth and hair - free , which means that it gets the most attention .
But if you consider that having less hair in other places makes it much easier to lick , suck and fondle these other places , you may realize you are missing out .
Pubic hair needs to be trimmed no matter what ; a great way to spoil a perfectly good bl*w job is for her to get a hair stuck in her throat .
What you can do :
Get rid of the offending pubes .
This does not mean you have to get rid of all hair — if the thought of a wax on your privates makes you cringe , a hefty trim will suffice .
Though in saying that , smooth balls are deliciously smooth and sexy to lick , so try shaving .
Let her lick them , and see what you think .
You might feel a bit bald for a while , but you ’ll get used to it .
And no , it does n’t make her think you look 10 years old .
Underdeveloped shoulders / arms
If you ’re a bit puny or saggy , it can impact how manly you appear .
If your shoulders and arms are lacking in definition or shape , she may look at you and wish you looked a bit stronger — a bit more like you could save her if armed bandits came to kidnap her .
Our primal instincts are still raging on as ever , so yes , looking a bit tougher than you really are is always a bonus when it comes to the ladies .
What you can do :
If your shoulders slope downward , you can dress them up by wearing clothes that make you look broader .
Jackets with padding , horizontal stripes and nothing that tapers in at the waist are suitable options .
Since your shoulders are the last place on the body to accumulate fat , they are in fact one of the easiest places to build visible muscle .
See your local gym , an online guide or a fit friend for advice .
Get those dusty old weights out and start using them !
You ’re a few steps closer to being hot again …
" Rise and shine , Mr. Freeman .
Rise and shine .
Not that I wish to imply you have been sleeping on the job .
No -one is more deserving of a rest .
And all the effort in the world would have gone to waste until ... well , let 's just say your hour has come again .
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world .
So , wake up , Mr. Freeman .
Wake up and smell the ashes . "
Five years in development , with an estimated cost of $ 40 m , Half - Life 2 was a gigantic game before it was even released .
In the background lurked its massively acclaimed predecessor , a first - person shooter that dragged the genre out of its young , dumb twitchcore roots , producing an experience of depth and resonance .
Half - Life took a crowbar to the staid narrative conventions of single - player adventures , providing a completely consistent first - person experience .
Gordon never talks and we never see anything that Gordon is n't viewing in real - time – suddenly ten years of cut - scene development was struck asunder .
Half - Life 2 , with its protracted development period , its tie in with the construction of Valve 's controversial Steam distribution engine , and the huge weight of expectations on its digital shoulders , could have been a bloated disaster .
But from the moment Gordon is plucked from stasis to face the Combine , it is clear Valve has complete control over this intricately realised universe .
City 17 , Ravenholm , Nova Prospekt – these are nightmarishly complete visions of a post - apocalyptic hell .
Inspired by Eastern European architecture , and surely the political turmoil suffered in the region over the last two decades , Bulgarian art director Viktor Antonov created a vision of a grand society in collapse , the Combine monsters looming over the landscape like monstrous insects around a carcass .
But within it all , there was always humanity .
The relationship with Alyx Vance , the return of Barney Calhoun and Dr. Isaac Kleiner , lots of great , genuinely funny dialogue .
Then Dr. Wallace Breen , the collaborator , so much more than just a one - dimensional bad guy – a walking satire on politics , personal ambition and the rhetoric of suppression .
And everything else .
Blistering action , heart - stopping set - pieces , ( literally ) ground - breaking physics , bleeding edge AI … Half Life 2 was like a mega - budget disaster movie , written by George Orwell and directed by Andrei Tarkovsky .
As Greg puts it , " Half Life 2 always felt like the European arthouse answer to the Hollywood bluster of Halo and Call of Duty .
Yes , there is all the visceral combat you would expect from a first - person shooter but Half Life 2 interspersed this with slower - paced narrative sections that allowed you to breathe and take stock of your surroundings .
And what surroundings they were .
City 17 , in particular , is one of gaming 's most evocative locations .
Your assailants too were way above the grunts seen in other shooters of the time .
The best game of the decade ?
World of Warcraft wins my vote but Half Life 2 is an undoubted classic and if any other game had to win I 'm glad it was this . "
And from Jack , " Making a worthy follow - up to Half - Life must have been a tremendously daunting task - so it's no surprise Valve took their time .
But the anticipation and hype that a six - year wait created was , for once , more than satisfied upon the game 's release .
Half - Life 2 once again pushed the envelope for the genre , and set a new high watermark for FPS narrative .
I remember being shown a brief three minute clip of the Gravity Gun back in 2003 - interacting with your environment like that felt like a huge step forward at the time .
I played it through again only a few months ago , and it still stands up to scrutiny in 2009 .
Perhaps not my favourite game of the decade , but certainly one that deserves to hold top spot . "
Half - Life 2 is the game of the decade , not just because it 's good , but because it encapsulates so much of what mainstream gaming has been trying to do for the last ten years ; the aspiration to create believable , physically accurate worlds , then to make us a part of them .
The narrative and technical achievements of this game and its episodic follow - ups have been equaled , perhaps , but not significantly bettered .
We may see Half - Life 's usurper in the coming decade – we may witness the next quantum shift in the medium .
It will be fun getting there .
This is why we play videogames , after all .
It is OK , if you do n’t know what is VLMC because it has n’t been released yet .
VLMC ( VideoLAN Movie Creator ) is a free video editing software , offering features to realize semi-professional quality movies , but with the aim to stay simple and user - friendly .
VLMC is being developed with the support of the VideoLAN organization ( the house of the famous VLC Media Player ) .
The pre-release version will be available soon .
It took me a while to install vlmc from the source code and I can say it is not so easy .
However , vlmc is currently under heavy developing and does n’t offer advanced tools for video editing .
After playing with vlmc , I feel that it is simple , use - friendly , and stable ( believe it or not ) .
Although , vlmc is under an early developing stage ,
It offers basic tools like resizing , trimming , render and history .
Russian professor Evgeny Moskalev of Saint Petersburg Technological University has evolved a technique that allows turning alcohol into powder and packing it in pills .
The new technique can solidify any kind of alcohol , including whisky , cognac , wine and beer .
The new technique can solidify any kind of alcohol , including whisky , cognac , wine and beer .
“ Dry ” vodka can be wrapped in paper and carried around in a pocket or a bag .
Vodka in form of a pill would come handy at parties when “ consumers ” would be able to calculate their exact required dosage .
A researcher at a Russian university has developed a powdered form of alcohol that will soon make the consumption of vodka more convenient .
From The Times of India : Verily , we live in an age of medical wonders .
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/science/Now-vodka-that-comes-in-a-pill/articleshow/5282435.cms via Geekologie | Image : US Department of State ( not the pills in question )
Childhood trauma may leave a lasting imprint not just on the psyche but also in the DNA .
This news comes from McGill University and the Suicide Brain Bank , a Quebec - based organization that carried out autopsies on suicide victims who had been abused as kids .
Across the board , their brains showed DNA modifications that made them particularly sensitive to stress .
Although gene variations are primarily inherited at conception , the findings show that environmental impacts can also introduce them later on .
“ The idea that abuse changes how genes function opens a new window for behavioral and drug therapy , ” says study leader and neuroscientist Patrick McGowan .
During periods of adversity , the brain triggers release of cortisol , a hormone responsible for the fight - or - flight response .
Due to differential gene expression associated with stress , the brains of child - abuse victims had lower levels of glucocorticoid receptors , McGowan found .
Cortisol normally binds to these receptors ; with fewer of them present , there is more cortisol and less resilience to feelings of stress .
In his study , McGowan reviewed medical records and police reports and interviewed family members to determine whether a subject was abused early in life .
He then examined the subjects ’ brain tissues and found that among those who had been abused , glucocorticoid - receptor expression was reduced by 40 percent .
“ If we can identify how these changes occur , we can identify those at high risk and ultimately find ways to treat them , ” McGowan says .
America the Betrayed
If you want to get an idea of what America once was like , read the poems of Walt Whitman .
Whitman was born in Long Island in 1819 and grew up in Brooklyn , N.Y .
His family was poor , but even though he left school at the age of 11 he gave himself an education by reading and working in the printing shop of a newspaper until he gradually became a published writer .
He worked as a teacher and news reporter and owned his own newspaper by the age of 20 .
In 1848 Whitman was a delegate to the founding convention of the Free Soil Party .
During the Civil War he worked as a nurse in Union military hospitals and held several government jobs , including interviewing Confederate prisoners for pardons .
Some of his greatest poems came from his war experiences , including his famous elegy upon the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln , “ Oh Captain ! My Captain ! ”
His great collection of poems , Leaves of Grass , was self - published .
He died a national hero in 1892 in Camden , New Jersey , where thousands of people came to pay their respects .
Contrary to the opinion of some , he was not a homosexual .
Whitman has always been viewed as a poet of the people , in contrast to the pretentious dandies from academia who have controlled official American culture for much of our history .
He wrote of workmen , farmers , sailors , soldiers , lovers , criminals , and prostitutes .
He was a hero to the Beatniks of the 1950s who tried to rediscover an authentic American voice in the streets and on the roads and highways of this great land .
The spirit of Whitman was surely present through the rebellion of the 1960s , when America ’s young men and women rose up and fought the Establishment to stop the Vietnam War and bring civil rights to racial minorities .
The Establishment fought back with a vengeance and , through the most egregious betrayal in history , reduced the world ’s greatest industrial democracy to the pathetic shadow of its former self we are today .
The first thing the Establishment did was destroy the industrial job base by shipping millions of good jobs to China and other Third World nations , where slave laborers could be forced to churn out consumer products at a fraction of the cost of similar work done by American workers .
Acting through the CIA and organized crime , the Establishment flooded the cities and college campuses with illegal drugs in order to rot the minds and souls of our youth .
They dumbed down education to the point where young people who graduate today know little and can do less of a practical nature .
Vocational training is dead .
A high school graduate is worth virtually nothing in the job market , and most college graduates are semi-literate and self - absorbed , without any real backbone , skills , or initiative .
Many high school and college graduates are drug addicts or alcoholics .
They turned the economy over to thieves from Wall Street and created a military machine that turns youth into murderers and assassins whose job it is to conquer the world for the fat cats of global capital .
They ruined the arts , literature , and music through crass commercialization , making it almost impossible for any real original creativity to be produced or communicated .
The one bright light in this darkness is the internet , which is being threatened by commercial suppression of freedom of expression by the ambitions of big communications companies .
Thank goodness too for the rare creative genius like Michael Moore who has the courage to hold up a mirror to this deeply diseased society .
Then they wrecked people ’s health with processed food and constant inducements to a sedentary lifestyle while pumping us full of dangerous vaccines and prescription drugs .
They drummed it into everyone ’s head that we are basically weak , ill , helpless creatures who can only survive by taking pills and making constant trips to doctors , hospitals , and clinics .
They induced us to fight over our possessions and freedoms in law courts with the aid of greedy lawyers in front of rapacious judges who have built up the largest prison population in the world .
They pulled money and credit out of the inner cities and rural areas leaving those segments of the nation and their populations to rot .
The list could go on and on and on .
Today we are in the midst of not just a recession but a terminal depression .
Getting the banks to lend again so people can buy homes at what are still over - inflated prices or so they might compete with immigrants to get construction jobs through building of more useless office buildings or military bases is not a recovery .
The “ greening of America ” is a myth .
There is no resurgence of alternative energy investment or new public infrastructure apart from a few highway projects .
American family farming is practically dead and is under a new assault from speculators who are undercutting prices and forcing foreclosures .
The local manufacturing sector never came back after the calamitous decline produced by the Paul Volcker recession of 1979 - 1983 , when interest rates were deliberately raised to over 20 percent to kill off family - owned businesses so that global corporations could step in and take over .
Since then we had the “ Reagan Revolution ” when the banks took over the economy , the Clinton dot.com bubble of the 1990s which crashed in 2000 , and the George W. Bush / Alan Greenspan housing bubble which blew up in 2008 .
Now Main Street lies shattered and shuttered as a result of the crimes and treacheries of the last 30 years .
True , there is a rebellion brewing , including a monetary reform movement that has attacked the power of the Federal Reserve , as well as a few progressive voices that call for a much larger economic “ stimulus ” than the Obama administration has seen fit to implement .
But is there any practical plan on the part of either political party or organized movement to restore America to what it once was–a place where ordinary people could live , work , learn , and flourish ?
The answer is a resounding “ No . ” Not a chance .
And “ Change You Can Believe In ” has n’t changed a thing .
All it has done has been to produce another financial bubble , this time using huge amounts of public debt through the sale of U.S. Treasury bonds .
Business is not growing and jobs are not coming back .
The only thing that has gone up has been the meeting of military recruitment quotas .
This latest bubble will fail too , because money created through lending to float the prices of assets is not wealth .
Rather wealth consists of goods and services produced by labor applied to natural resources .
Those who provide the labor must be recompensed fairly .
So what is to be done ?
The answer is that nothing can or will be done , if by that you mean whether a political savior is going to come along to rescue our nation and its people from destruction .
In fact , what they are planning is to continue to throttle and enslave us with a predatory financial establishment and a military policy that is preparing the groundwork for World War III .
The war will be fought with American troops against Russia and China , after which China will take over as the world ’s policeman while this country disappears from the face of the earth .
It ’s the ultimate plan of the New World Order , the ones American politicians , financiers , military leaders , and academics bow down to .
It is time for each and every individual who values his or her own life along with the creative potential of the human spirit to begin to work with others to create a new nation and world .
The government is n’t going to do it for us .
Please believe me .
This is not a system that can be reformed .
It is a system that must be replaced .
And it must be replaced by the ordinary working men and women who have been crushed , used , and abused during the past ugly half - century .
Americans , get to work .
Call your friends and family together today and begin to figure out what to do .
Start with 15 minutes of prayer and meditation .
You will be shown the way from within yourselves .
My own view is that setting up local currency systems , as many communities are now doing , is a good place to start .
By Richard C. Cook
http:// www.richardccook.com
Copyright 2009 by Richard C. Cook
Richard C. Cook is a former U.S Treasury analyst who also worked in the Carter White House and for NASA and writes on public policy issues .
His new book is We Hold These Truths : The Hope of Monetary Reform ( Tendril Press 2009 ) .
His website is http://www.richardccook.com
He is a member of the U.S. Basic Income Guarantee Network and has been an adviser to Congressman Dennis Kucinich and the American Monetary Institute http://www.monetary.org
Richard C. Cook Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Spurred by renewable portfolio standards , impending carbon legislation and public concerns about the environment , utilities across the U.S. are considering how they might lower emissions and incorporate more renewable energy into their electricity generation mix .
And while wind , solar and other types of renewable energy plants remain on the table as options to explore , one choice they may already be familiar with is biomass .
If a utility already burns coal , it may be able to convert some or all of its coal - burning plants to biomass plants .
“ No question that the utilities in the U.S. are starting to take a serious look at this , ” said Charlie Niebling , general manager at New England Wood Pellets , a wood pellets manufacturer .
“ I think it ’s being driven by the prospect of passage of a carbon cap - and - trade bill that will fall heavily on the utility electric generation sector , ” he said .
Converting a coal - fired power plant into one that uses biomass is precisely what First Energy plans to do .
Last April the utility announced plans to repower its coal - fired R.E. Burger Plant Units 4 and 5 using biomass .
Ultimately , the plan is for the 312 MW plant to be powered by up to 100 percent biomass .
However , the plant also is being designed with co-firing up to 20 percent coal .
First Energy spokesperson Mark Durbin said the utility is making the switch as a result of a Consent Decree involving the Department of Justice , Environmental Protection Agency and several other parties .
“ At Burger , we had three choices : install scrubbing equipment , shut it down or repower the plant with another fuel source , ” he said .
Repowering the plant with biomass seemed like the best option because it would not only help the utility keep jobs but it would also allow the utility to meet some of Ohio ’s renewable portfolio standard goals — with a baseload power source to boot .
“ Biomass power is continuous and not dependent on the sun shining , ” said Durbin .
“ It can be dispatched when you need it . ”
First Energy subsidiary First Energy Generation Corp. is developing the project , which has a cost in the ballpark of $ 200 million .
Engineers from First Energy traveled to Belgium , Sweden , Denmark and Holland this past spring to visit and learn from existing biomass projects .
The system at Les Awirs in Belgium is a retrofitted 80 MW pulverized coal power plant that was converted in 2002 to use biomass as its sole fuel .
The utility , Electrabel , uses pelletized recycled forestry / wood waste that is then pulverized before being fed into the power plant ’s former pulverized coal boiler .
This is a system similar to the one being considered in Ohio .
When complete , the Burger plant will be among the largest biomass power plants in the U.S.
Since a project of this size has n’t been done in the United States , challenges do exist , said Durbin .
While the company already has in place equipment and systems to monitor particulates and nitrogen oxide emissions , it will need to solve a number of problems before getting the project off the ground .
One problem is storage .
“ Coal can get wet , get snowed on , ” said Durbin .
By contrast , biomass needs to stay dry .
Durbin said the company plans to source biomass much in the same way it sources coal : from the best supplier .
That may involve using wood chips and / or waste wood and processing it in a manner similar to the way coal is processed , or it may involve sourcing pellets .
It ’s also possible the company would use organic material such as switchgrass .
“ We are still working through the logistics , ” said Durbin .
What About Heat ?
For now , First Energy Generation plans to use the biomass to produce electricity alone and not harvest waste heat for cogeneration or combined heat and power ( CHP ) .
And that ’s a problem , according to Dan Richter , professor of soils and forest ecology at Duke University .
“ If we burn wood for electricity only , about three to four logs need to be burned to recover the energy contained in one .
If heat and electricity are recovered with advanced wood combustion ( AWC ) technology , we can capture three to four times the energy that is recovered when burning wood solely for electricity , ” he said .
Richter said AWC technology is widely deployed in Europe with plants achieving up to 90 percent efficiencies from burning biomass .
Interestingly , four of the five plants that First Energy Generation engineers visited in Europe are combined heat and power ( CHP ) plants , even though the Ohio plant will generate electricity only .
Richter and a consortium of experts in the forestry and energy industry believe that burning wood solely for electricity wastes sizeable amounts of thermal energy .
“ When we do calculations on how much wood is available in the nation and we look at potential supplies for energy we find that there ’s just not enough of it to waste , ” he said .
“ But if we can use it efficiently — capturing 70 , 80 , 90 percent [ of the embodied energy in wood ] — then wood does become a pretty interesting source of renewable energy that the country is n’t really aware of yet . ”
The group authored an op-ed , Rekindling Wood Energy in America , published on RenewableEnergyWorld.com in June in which they stated , “ Wood is widely used for solid - wood and paper products , and is critical to forest biodiversity , water and soil quality , recreation and carbon sequestration .
For all these reasons , common sense indicates wood must be used as efficiently as possible . ”
What ’s a Utility to Do ?
To use AWC , any burning of biomass must capture and use the heat created in the process .
Richter points to college campuses , small towns and urban areas across the country that are using this type of technology through CHP systems ; in essence , using biomass to generate electricity as well as to heat and cool buildings in a centralized location .
Richter said that siting is one of the keys to take advantage of AWC technology .
“ Siting is so important to be able to technologically capture the heat as well as to ensure supplies of the biomass energy itself , ” he said .
In other words , people or industries need to be near the system to take advantage of the biomass - generated heat .
There also needs to be enough woody biomass nearby to ensure that transportation is n’t an issue .
But what about utilities that are converting coal - fired plants that are not sited in such a way so that they could harvest heat ?
“ What they might do is think about developing an industrial park around the plant , ” said Richter .
Benefits Abound
In western Massachusetts another company is preparing to build a wood - fueled power plant .
Russell Biomass is proposing a 50 MW plant on the former home of the Westfield River Paper Co .
According to Peter Bos , project developer , the Russell Biomass plant will use wood from 40 or 50 different wood suppliers .
The suppliers will provide wood chips from untreated wood that comes from land clearing and tree removal , stumps , waste pallets and municipal as well as private woodyards that receive clean waste wood .
Bos said New England has quite a bit of waste wood .
While the company has yet to sign a purchased power agreement , it is talking with investor - owned utilities and municipal power companies in Massachusetts and elsewhere in New England .
The project is not without opponents , with groups protesting everything from air pollutants to the impact the waste heat will have on salmon populations in nearby rivers .
To address this opposition , Bos said the company simply must provide the facts clearly and consistently , again and again .
He said this biomass plant is the tightest permitted biomass plant in New England .
“ If the others are safe — and there are others at schools and hospitals across New England — then ours is the safest . ”
Like First Energy ’s plant in Ohio , the Russell Biomass plant ( pictured left ) will not use CHP technology , instead using biomass to create electricity at an efficiency rate of 25 percent .
The heat wo n’t be harvested in any kind of district heating scenario ; “ it ’s just not a good location for that , ” said Bos .
However , using the 85 - degree cooling water that exits the plant to heat a greenhouse is an option that has been discussed .
With or without CHP , New England Wood Pellet ’s Niebling believes we ’ll see more utilities looking at biomass power .
“ Many utilities are probably quietly exploring this option getting ready for what may be coming out of Washington , ” he said .
“ If it ’s cost effective to do , I suspect many of them are going to do it . ”
Up
A
Down
Z
Human
Play
P
Sound
S
Quit
Q
Pause
Up
↑
Down
↓
Human
Disable your popup blocker .
Made by Stewdio .
About Browser Pong .
ABC disinvites Adam Lambert from ' Jimmy Kimmel , ' New Year 's Eve .
What next ?
Public shaming as public - relations strategy ?
* Adam Lambert to join ABC ’s New Year ’s Rockin ’
Eve telecast live from Times Square — in stocks !
Local school children will “ teach that gay a lesson ” using eggs , jeers .
* ABC scraps special SuperNanny episode featuring Adam Lambert .
“ There ’s not a naughty step in the world big enough for that petulant young man ! ” gasps exasperated Jo Frost .
* Dancing With the Stars bans Adam Lambert tunes from show .
“ I was n’t sure about some of those high notes anyway , ” says a relieved Princess Sparkle .
* Ugly Betty revokes guest - starring role for Adam Lambert .
“ See ?
Some things are actually too gay for this show , ” huffs spokesperson .
Grabs of the hacked page were circulated online Twitter has been hit by an embarrassing security breach .
A group claiming to be the Iranian Cyber Army managed to redirect Twitter users to its own site displaying a political message .
Twitter said the attack had been carried out by getting at the servers that tell web browsers where to find particular sites .
The site said it would start an investigation into what allowed the " unplanned downtime " to take place .
Address books
Twitter was hit by the security breach at 2200 PCT ( 0600 GMT ) which led to users being redirected to a page showing a message declaring it had been hacked by the Iranian Cyber Army .
It showed an image of Farsi text overlaid on a green flag carrying the name of the third Shi'i Imam , Imam Husayn .
It also included a poem in Persian which said : " We shall strike if the leader orders , we shall lose our heads if the leader wishes . "
Also included were the words : " Those that wage fight on the path of God win . "
Some have suggested the attack is retaliation over the use made of Twitter during protests surrounding the Iranian election .
Soon after the images appeared Twitter went offline .
About an hour later the site came back to life and appeared to be working normally .
A post on the Twitter status blog said : " We are working to recovery from an unplanned downtime and will update more as we learn the cause of this outage . "
Later , Twitter admitted that its DNS records had been " temporarily compromised " .
It said it was looking into what happened .
THIS SITE HAS BEEN HACKED BY IRANIAN CYBER ARMY iRANiAN.
CYBER.ARMY@GMAIL.COM U.S.A . Think They Controlling And Managing Internet By Their Access , But THey Don't , We Control And Manage Internet By Our Power , So Do Not Try To Stimulation Iranian Peoples To .... NOW WHICH COUNTRY IN EMBARGO LIST ?
IRAN ?
USA ?
WE PUSH THEM IN EMBARGO LIST Take Care .
Twitter hack text DNS , the Domain Name System , acts as the address books for the internet .
It tells browsing software where to find the computers hosting a particular webpage .
By attacking the DNS servers the hackers were able to re-direct Twitter users .
" These changes mean that when you or I type a website address into our browsers , we are directed not to the real website but to a second site , set up by the hackers , in this case the ' Iranian Cyber Army ' , " said Rik Ferguson from security firm Trend Micro .
" This has the net effect of making it look like , in this example , servers belonging to Twitter were compromised when in reality that was not the case . "
Mr Ferguson said such attacks were typically a result of politically motivated hacking or " hacktivism " .
However , he added , some cyber criminals also try the ruse using a replica of a website in an attempt to trick people into handing over login details .
The attack is the latest in a series of security embarrassments that Twitter has suffered .
In August , Twitter was offline for two hours as it struggled to cope with an attack aimed at a Russian blogger .
In July many of Twitter 's confidential business documents were stolen in a hack attack and published online .
Many spammers and scammers are also targeting the service in a bid to hijack accounts and piggyback on the popularity of some Twitter users .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over the past couple of weeks , I have been working with Johan Tibbell on an event library to use for replacing GHC ’s existing I /O manager .
The work has been progressing rather nicely : I now have both the epoll and kqueue back ends working , while Johan has been focusing on a fast priority queue data structure for managing timeouts .
We ’ve been working from a pair of git repositories :
Johan ’s is at http://github.com/tibbe/event
Mine is at http://github.com/bos/event
( Incidentally , I ’m using the excellent hg - git plugin for Mercurial , which has allowed me to continue to avoid using git .
It ’s been working very well .
Many thanks to Scott Chacon and Augie Fackler for their work on it ! )
Of course , now that we have the basic plumbing working , I have a few numbers to report .
These are all for sending and receiving 1,000,000 messages over Unix pipes .
On 64 - bit Linux , I can easily create 100,000 pipes ( i.e. 200,000 file descriptors ) , and pass all messages through them in 6.69 seconds .
Under 32 - bit Snow Leopard , for some reason I can’t create more than 2,048 pipes .
Passing all messages takes 7.41 seconds .
With the same 2,048 pipes under Linux , the time required is 4.15 seconds .
Under Linux , if I try to create a very large number of pipes , I get an error message “ VFS : file - max limit 291248 reached ” , and as I just discovered , the machine starts to misbehave .
Good times !
These are pretty gratifying numbers to have .
This has been a very fun project so far , both in the technical parts and the dealings with the other people involved .
I ’m looking forward to continuing to work on it with Johan and others !
DVB -S / DVB -S2 Transponders
As of today there are more than 150 satellites in geostationary orbit around the globe that transmit digital satellite TV , Radio , Intenet .
Every satellite has certain number of transponders onboard which are operating at different radio frequencies .
There are C - band , Ku-band and Ka-Band transponders .
Satellite TV software use Transponder lists that contains satellite and transponder parameters .
Usually , the lists of transponders are located in the folder named Transponders within the folder as your satellite TV application .
Transponder lists is an ASCII text files that is organized in INI - file format and contains info about orbital position , frequency , symbol rate and other specific information for each satellite / transponder .
The exact syntax may differ a bit depending on the satellite TV program you use .
Advertisements
Like any other data , though , Transponder lists become obsolete as new satellites are launched and older ones are decommissioned or satellite providers can change transponder parameters from time to time .
Therefore , you are advised to update Transponder lists on a regular basis , especially before you scan for new channels or adjust your satellite dish using FastSatfinder .
We are constantly updating Transponder lists for different satellite TV applications such as FastSatfinder , DVBViewer , MediaPortal , ProgDVB , DVBDream .
For more details / download , refer to the respective chapters below .
Latest Update
To install the update , simply click the link below to start downloading it , then select Run , or , alternately , Save it to your hard drive somewhere convenient ( like the Desktop ) and double - click it after it is done downloading .
✓ Satellite Transponders Automatic Update for FastSatfinder Download
Advertisements
Transponder Lists for DVBViewer
Latest Update
To install the update , simply click the link below to start downloading it , then select Run , or , alternately , Save it to your hard drive somewhere convenient ( like the Desktop ) and double - click it after it is done downloading .
DVBViewer PRO DVB - S2 included
All in one transponder lists Download !
DVBViewer TechniSat Edition DVB - S2 included
All in one transponder lists Download !
FireDTV Viewer DVB - S2 included
All in one transponder lists Download !
Transponder Lists for DreamBox
Latest Update
All satellites and transponders in one satellites.xml file .
Always Up - to - date .
Right click and select ' Save Target As.. ' to save to your PC .
DreamBox Transponders Link Satellites.xml - all in one transponder lists for DreamBox Download !
Advertisements
Transponder lists for ProgDVB
Latest Update All - in- One transponders auto - installer used by ProgDVB .
Please click the link below to start downloading .
Save it to your hard drive somewhere convenient ( like the Desktop ) and double - click it after it is done downloading .
✓ Satellite Transponders Automatic Update for ProgDVB Download
Transponder lists for DVBDream
Latest Update Please click the link below to start downloading .
Save it to your hard drive somewhere convenient ( like the Desktop ) and double - click it after it is done downloading .
DVBDream Transponders Link
All in one transponder lists for DVBDream Download !
Sorted Transponder Lists
Posted by ayaan on 09 Dec 2009 / 0 Comment
The U.K. ’s Conservative Shadow Minister for Community Cohesion Baroness Sayeeda Warsi was pelted with eggs last week while in Luton to give a talk about the war in Afghanistan .
Upon attempting to enter into a debate with a group of men heckling her and claiming that “ this woman does not represent Islam ” , she was talked over and ignored .
While the egg - throwing is garnering a lot of publicity , the men Warsi attempted to engage in debate deny responsibility , or as the Daily Mail laughably claims , deny ‘ mastermind[ing ] the attack ’ .
What evidently began as a debate about the validity of Britain ’s involvement in Afghanistan , and Warsi ’s support of it , soon became a struggle to define what makes a real Muslim , with both Warsi and her detractors attempting to stake their ground and gain authentic ownership of the label .
While many of the attacks made on Warsi are political in nature , drawing on her support for the war in Afghanistan , and her alleged stance against Shariah law , there is clearly a bias against her based on her gender–and because of her gender , her appearance .
Sayful Islam , one of the men in question , doggedly denies that Warsi could be called a practicing Muslim , saying that “ clearly by looking at her ” we can see that “ she does not represent Muslims ” .
It is unlikely that a Muslim man would be so easily denied his status as a fellow Muslim due to his mode of dress .
What does it mean for a woman to “ look like a Muslim ? ”
We already face criticism for our choices of dress from so many quarters , we hardly need to add professed fellow Muslims to the count .
And we certainly do not need to have our level of faith , and the degree to which we practice it , judged by any person , especially on the grounds of our appearance .
Warsi , for her part , attempts to reclaim the term “ Muslim ” for herself and her followers ( “ real British Muslims ” ) , and denies the claim of the men who oppose her .
By claiming that these men are “ bringing the faith of Islam into huge disrepute ” , Baroness Warsi is buying into the popular discourse which allows a few members of a minority group and their opinions and behaviors to stand in for the entire group itself .
She compares her Muslim detractors with Nick Griffin , while legitimizing the same tokenism he and his party use to smear the group status to those who do not –to her mind–do credit to Muslims as Islamic faith and its adherents , only countering by assigning out - a whole .
Just as those she verbally casts out of her definition of what it is to be a British Muslim perceive her as not belonging within the community , hiding behind the Qur’an and the Sunnah as ultimate justification .
There is a valid stance to be taken against the atrocities caused by the war in Afghanistan and Britain ’s involvement in the war in Afghanistan .
There is a valid political stance to be taken against Conservative ideology .
There is also a valid stance to take against Warsi ’s conception of the “ real ” British Muslim , who only engages in political debate on her terms .
But throwing eggs or refusing to listen to a woman – a Muslim woman – who is genuinely attempting to engage you in conversation about Islam is no way to prove how devout one is , and neither is denying a person ’s self - identification a way to validate one ’s faith .
“ Real Muslims ” may be Conservative MPs who support the British government taking military action against majority Muslim countries .
“ Real Muslims ” may wear any and everything they choose .
And , like it or not , “ real Muslims ” can hold views which may be abhorrent to us .
Only Allah ( swt ) may judge what is in our hearts .
Astronomy , seems a small word .
But this is an word which contains the universe .
It is so , I called it seems a small word in the first sentence .
Astronomy is beautiful science , it is the thing which attracts everyone .
If you think about the solar system , galaxy to the UFO ’s everything are very interesting .
So , I culled these images to make a beautiful post of the beautiful science .
There are sites which releases many of the Images from the space every year , So it is difficult task to choose fifty Images from one year .
But I had collected some of the Images which are best in year 2008 .
Enjoy the images .
Here I had inserted the original image link to provide high resolution images .
Click on the images and get the high Resolution Images .
Fan -made render ?
Very possible , but we 're intrigued by the notion .
The gang at Mobile01 have laid out two more photos of what is being called the Motorola Shadow ( not to be confused with the T - Mobile Shadow ) , which in a nutshell looks like Droid Milestone with a white keyboard and wrist strap .
Even more interesting is the assertion that this could be Google 's next flagship device , here lovingly dubbed the Nexus Two .
Now while there is no way to corroborate at this point , we could totally buy this as feasible .
After all , what better way to complement the Nexus One slate than with one with physical QWERTY ?
And who better than the company whose Android 2.0 device increased the platform 's mindshare at supersonic speeds , with a CEO willing to signify support even at the launch event for a competitor 's product ?
Color us curious -- wrist strap - laden render after the break [ Thanks , Serge ]
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 1 ]
JoeCellHydra.com
• OS : Bill Williams ' Joe Cell
• Directory : Proton Cell
• OS : Joe Cell : Latest
• Submit
• OS : Joe Cell : Caution
' OS : Joe Cell : Instructions '
• OS : Joe Cell : Materials
• OS : Joe Cell : Blueprints
• OS : Joe Cell : Instructions : Subtleties
• OS : Joe Cell : Videos
• OS : Joe Cell: FAQ
' OS : Joe Cell : Replications '
• OS : Joe Cell : Validation
• OS : Joe Cell : Replications : Bill Williams
• Directory : Proton Cell
Supplemental
• Directory : Kanarev Electrolysis
• OS : Joe Cell : Theory
• OS : Joe Cell : Needs
• OS : Joe Cell : For Sale
• OS : Joe Cell : Contacts
Forum
• Seminar July 30
• JoeCell2
• JC FE device
• Talk : OS : Bill Williams ' Joe Cell
• OS : Joe Cell : Supression Response
- Directory : Joe Cell
- There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 2 ]
- OS : Joe Cell : Wiki tips
Category : Joe Cells
A Joe Cell is an " electrolysis cell " built with concentric stainless steel pipes .
This is an index of research and development and functioning devices that utilize Joe Cell| Joe Cell technology .
What is a Joe Cell ?
A Joe Cell is an electrolysis cell built with concentric stainless steel pipes .
In one configuration , the pipes have diameters of 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 inches .
Sometimes a five - inch pipe is also included .
Different theories hold that the cylinders should be between 4 " and 10 " long .
There are many theories of how the cell works .
Among those who believe in Orgone energy , the Joe Cell is believed to be an Orgone Accumulator .
An operating cell progresses through a series of stages , the first of which is simple electrolysis , the second is referred to as the seeding stage , in which the cell builds up a charge in the water , which eventually reaches a point where the cell will run an engine .
There are higher stages that supposedly can be achieved .
For example , in stage 4 the cell is said to exhibit antigravity effects that reduce the weight of the vehicle in which the cell is installed .
Once the water in the cell is sufficiently " charged , " the cell can continue to operate with no external source of electric power .
In one report http://educate-yourself.org/fe/fejoewatercell.shtml, the cell is said to generate a gas that energetically implodes when ignited .
The tube that conveys this gas away from the cell is connected to a blind fitting or blank plug on the housing of the vehicle 's carburetor .
This means that there is no physical opening through this fitting into the interior of the carburetor or the interior of the intake manifold .
The author believed that the mysterious gas must therefore possess the ability to pass THROUGH the metal of the carburetor housing to reach the interior of the engine .
The author did not address the obvious question of why much of the gas does not escape through the walls of the tube before it even reaches the carburetor .
Another report says that the cell should be connected via an aluminum tube to a location on the engine block close to a water passage .
It will then " charge " the engine 's coolant water .
The charged water is then believed to somehow provide the energy to run the engine .
A conventional gasoline - powered vehicle experiences explosions inside its engine , but a Joe cell - powered vehicle experiences implosions .
Therefore the timing must be significantly advanced so the spark occurs during the compression stroke .
A running engine will get cold rather than hot .
An engine powered by a well - made Joe cell can be idled down to 1 or 2 rpm , and could easily accelerate to 18,000 rpm if the valvetrain , pistons and rods were able to withstand the stresses .
Joe cells are notorious for messing up a car 's electronic systems , so it is a bad idea to couple a cell with an electronically fuel - injected engine .
Attributes
The following statements are attributed to " Joe " himself http://72.14.207.104/search?q=cache:mX5scHzhRcMJ:www.escribe.com/science/keelynet/m8616.html+&hl=en&gl=us&ct=clnk&cd=2.
The water in the cell is not consumed .
The cell runs cold to the touch .
It takes a period of time before the engine will run from the cell .
It then has an erratic power output and works in an intermittent fashion .
When the cell is removed from the car , the engine takes an appreciable time to return to " normal " and run from the original fuel .
If the cell is left in the car for a long period , the engine becomes " charged " .
From this point , the cell is not required for the motor to run .
All spark plug leads can be removed and the engine will still run as long as the ignition coil and distributor remain functional .
The output of the cell does not have to be connected to the internals of the engine .
A close external coupling will do .
The cell requires the " charging " of the water to work .
The cell requires a specific style of construction , little understood by most constructors .
The source of power for the cell and its use has great value for some individuals .
These individuals are creating misinformation , cloaking operations and inducing fear in cell constructors .
Human presence can affect the operation of the cell in a positive or negative way .
Websites
Byron New Energy Wiki -- cosmic water cell - Has quite a bit of material on Joe Cells .
http://www.joecell.de - Joe Cell researchers in Germany
http://www.moe-joe-cell.com
The Moe - Joe cell - Spherically improved Joe cell - OS : Moe - Joe Cell
Theoretical explanation of the Joe Cell by Jan Wicherink 2006
Articles
PES Network Articles
A Joe Cell 's Unit Charge - " I determined that as a Joe cell is being charged in its normal charge cycle , and while low level electrolysis is taking place the cell develops a voltage that has never before been addressed .
I refer to this voltage as unit charge .
Unit charge can be in the hundreds or even thousands of volts . "
( PESN May 19 , 2012 ) Update Concerning a Joe Cell 's Unit Charge - Using his Joe Cell electrolysis apparatus , electronics professor , James Goss , said he has been able to achieve a charge value between 3,000 and 12,000 volts when supplied with a 12 volt input .
He also achieved a similar voltage on the chassis and engine block of a vehicle when insulate from ground .
( PESN July 2 , 2012 )
Joe Cell Truck Builder Threatened , Destroys Plans -
After announcing that he had successfully built a truck that runs on Joe Cell technology , drawing energy from water and Orgone , Bill Williams said he was approached by two men who requested that he stop his research , threatening him with dire consequences if he did n't .
Others are keeping it alive .
( PESN Apr. 13 , 2006 )
Modified Joe Cell Extracts Aetheric Energy to Charge Water - Device charges water electrically and magnetically .
Sets off Geiger counter when the aetheric energy beings to flow .
( PESN [ July 28 , 2002 ] )
Shocker Bottle -- Arc from Water -
Arc comes off the top of the magnetic water ( distilled ) evidence at your fingertips of aetheric science not accounted for by present models of physics .
( PESN [ Feb. 3 , 2004 ] )
Joe 's Energy Cell - Technology review by New Energy Congress member , Gary Vesperman .
Other Articles
Experimenters Guide to the Joe Cell - Alex Schiffer ( Alt copy 1 )
The Orgone Accumulator Handbook - by James De Meo about Reich .
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/JoesCell2/message/196
Joe Cell Breakthrough - Alex Schiffer - 1999
PDF - archive of now defunct www.nutech2000.com comXtexjoe1.htm
Joe Booker - Joe Cell from RexResearch.com
NuTech2000 Joe Cell information indirectly via Google .
The Joe Energy Cell - Overview at Educate - Yourself.org by Ken Adachi ( 2000 )
Running Cars on Zero Point / Orgone Energy
Alt copy 1
Google search results
Open Source
Free Energy Blog:2014:03:24 - " Here is the link to my crowdfunding webpage : http://www.gofundme.com/7d9oew
The goal is to build a 100MPG car with hydrogen on demand , and a new way of using concentric tubes ( aka joe cell ) .
The car will have a stand alone ECU , that will allow mixture to be tuned very lean . "
( Free Energy Blog March 24 , 2014 )
Documentaries
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 1 ]
Videos
OS : Joe Cell : Videos - Joe Cell project and related video footage links .
Joe Cell videos - aims to have a complete listing
Joe Cell - 3 Stages Introduction by Alex Schiffer - Alex Schiffer
has produced a video , he called it 3 Stages , it consists of charging a cell from simple electrolysis to the seeding of a cell and through to a real live breeding cell .
The video runs for 23 minutes and is a ( Must Have ) for the Joe cell experimenters , this video can be downloaded from these links .
Watch online
Joe Cell - Two Enthusiasts 1993 - 1996 poor- quality recording
IPCtec Joecell Sorry , poor - quality recording
Byron New Energy - shows car engine running on Joe Cell
Low quality video
High quality video
If Bandwidth Exceeded at ByronNewEnergy site , copies are available here < pesn type = [ http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-6871958947684246583 "></pesn>
IPCtec research lab video collection @ youtube - PLEASE ADD US AS FRIEND o )
0yg9_qG1pIw
Images
OS : Joe Cell : Images - index of images relevant to the replication project of Bill William 's success .
Wil 's Pictures
Books
The Orgone Accumulator Handbook - 1999 book by James DeMeo teaches hot how to concentrate and work with orgone ( life ) energy using simple , readily available materials .
Includes construction plans , experimental use , and protection regimens against toxic energy .
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/JoesCell2/message/517
Dead Men's Secrets -
A book first published 1988 , Written by a Christian archaeologist and author , Jonathan Gray has traveled the world to gather data on ancient mysteries .
He has penetrated some largely unexplored areas , including parts of the Amazon headwaters .
The author has also led expeditions to the bottom of the sea and to remote mountain and desert regions of the world .
He lectures internationally .
He brings to our attention evidence of their advanced technology and the distinct simularity between the ancient legends and myths between different cicilizations .
In regards to Orgone :
In book he talks of uncoverering large scale energy accumulators , around the world - the evidence pointing to the ancients trying to reconstruct the energy network that existed before the flood .
" There is overwhelming evidence for the reality of these forces , only rediscovered in modern times by Wilhelm Reich . " .
Although I personally have ruled out Orgone as the source of the cell 's energy , I still beleive the book is a great read .
Book available as a purchase in online form or Hardcover .
Replication Projects
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 1 ]
OS : Moe - Joe Cell - Moshe Daniel , inventor / designer of the Moe - Joe Cell , has placed his project here at PESWiki , sharing some of the special features of the Moe - Joe cell and how it is an improvement over the cylindrical - type cells in the Joe Cell technology world .
( PESWiki April 4 , 2009 )
OS : Bill Williams ' Joe Cell -
In the first part of April , 2006 , Bill Williams told a discussion list that he successfully tested a device known as the Joe Cell .
It allegedly feeds off Orgone energy and uses electrically charged water as the " gate " or medium through which the aetheral energy is drawn from the surroundings and transferred to the automobile engine .
He was in process of disclosing how he accomplished this when confronted on April 11 by two unidentified individuals who told him to cease all of his alternative energy work or there would be dire consequences .
Williams complied , but others involved are doing all they can to make sure the information is republished and replicated widely .
How to Run Your Vehicle on a Joe Cell - Joe Cell Stretches the Believability Envelope with Working Replications .
Explanation of the highly unusual technology and some of the astonishing claims surrounding it .
This fuelless technology could make gasoline and diesel obsolete , while not requiring a change of the engine infrastructure now in existence .
( PESN Apr. 16 , 2006 )
Joe Cell construction in germany - Joe Cell is a phenomenon that need to a lot more research .
The are no serious german sites , no real researcher .
IPCtec research labs releases all test rows , research news for the community , we believe that the future of mankind depends on technologys like the JoeCell .
We ´re start in Sep. 2006 to build a joecel prototype .
Material
Joe Cell Material Requirements
Charging Joe Cell Material Requirements
JoeCell Methods and Materials
Joe Cell Conversions Information
Experimenter 's Guide to the Joe Cell - booklet for sale also available in German translation .
About Joe
Joe and Peter video ( 1.5 hours ) -
The video begins with Peter showing the test engine to which he will be adding a cell soon .
Joe and Phil play with a Suzuki without positive on the coil .
A discussion on the cell from Joe 's perspective .
( Video by PowerPedia : Peter Stevens ( Ingventor ) June , 2006 )
Other Joe Cell Applications
Anti-Gravity
Anti-gravity ?
Ford F10 lifted off the ground .
( Apr 19 , 2006 ) " I have been told that in some cases a vehicle can levitate . " -- John Carter ( Apr 19 , 2006 ) < pesn type = [ http://groups.yahoo.com/group/JoesCell2/message/385 "></pesn>
Peter 's account Ford F250 " lifted off the ground a couple of inches " ( Apr 20 , 2006 ) [ http://groups.yahoo.com/group/JoesCell2/message/633
Health
Vernon Roth is presently ( 2006 ) producing magnetic / electric water via a modified Joe cell design .
You can purchase bottles of his water from his site .
His website is http://ancienttek.com .
He may be reached at 719-783-0310 .
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/JoesCell2/message/554
orgone accumulator helps man with a terrible pain in his back ( hotsabi Apr 19 , 2006 )
Mailing Lists & Forums
Joe Cell Free Energy Device Yahoogroups - join this forum " and start by reading Alex Schiffers book to get a basic understanding .
We 've made considerable progress in the last couple years in removing a lot of the cell mystique , and now most anybody can get a cell working to at least boost gas mileage . " -- Bernie , May 10 , 2011
Joe 's Cell 2 Yahoogroups - Bill Williams replication list .
Storage of Plans , Pictures , Doc 's etc .
Joe Cell Forum on StanleyMeyer Forum
German / english Joe Cell Forum on IPCtec research labs
Joe Cell NW Forum
Related Technologies
Directory : Kanarev Electrolysis - Introduction and index of works by Professor Kanarev , includes five patents , several books about how water can be the main power carrier of future power engineering .
Some processes described resemble those being attributed to the Joe cell .
Additional Resources
RingOrgone Website on Joe Cell - Links - Images - etc .
JoeCell Down Under
Joe Cell - an explanation
Aussie Joe Cell Experimeter Runs 1983 Car on Water Sol Millin , Sep 5 , 2005 Implosion Group Newsletter
Byron New Energy proudly presents a car running on water ! -
In spring 2005 , Sol Millin formed a research group in the exotic Byron Bay area in Australia and called it ‘ Byron New Energy ’ or BNE for short .
( SoulsofDistortion.nl )
Joe Cell - Frank Germano's compilation of the material here , including the main project pages .
Running Cars on Zero Point / Orgone Energy - brief overview and description of the JOE device .
Engine with Reverse Joe Cell Runs Without Oxygen -
" We submerged the device with a lawnmower engine under water and the engine worked fine . " ( FreeEnergyNews.com )
NuTech 2000 - Using water as fuel .
Selling Joe Cell kits , manuals , books .
Carry Experimenter 's Guide to the Joe Cell considered by many to be the most complete Joe Cell book in print .
Rad Journal Joe Cell Linkpage
Nutech2000 JoeCell Linkpage
Advanced Measurements : Test and Measurement Solutions Fuel Cell Test Products - Professional testing crew since 1989 specializing in alternative energy ( mainstream ) .
The Joe Cell Matrix by G.D. Mutch - n e t f i r m s . c o m /engy / mutch / matrixlaw/joecell.htm ( remove spaces in url )
Joe Cell Orgonomic Accumulator
Alternative Science Blog including theory about Joe Cell
The Joe Cell Myth - What a Joe Cell is not !
Italian
Manual translated in italian language
Alternative Science - Italian
German
JoeCell research @ germany - IPCtec research labs , finding ways to new energy .
Alternative Science - German
Translations
Italiana
( IT ) Manuale in lingua ITALIANA
Search
????? ? ?????
Comments
See Talk : Directory : Joe Cell
See also
Directory : Batteries
WATER FUEL FOOTER
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 1 ] | PowerPedia : Water gas
News : Water as Fuel
HYDROXY / HHO / BROWN'S GAS
Directory : Fuel Efficiency Hydrogen Injection
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 2 ] | News : Hydroxy
Directory : Health Benefits of HHO / Hydroxy Gas
Directory : HHOi under Air Pressure to the Fuel Rail to Provide Petrol Substitute
Directory : Running Vehicles on Water
Directory : Stanley Meyer
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 3 ]
Directory : Electrolysis
Directory : Using HHO to Create Substitutes for Natural Gas and Propane
OS : Justin Church 's H - Cat
Directory : Ohmasa Gas by Japan Techno Co. , Ltd .
Directory : Water Dissociation Using Zero Point Energy
Directory : Joe Cell
Directory : Water - Powered Batteries
Directory : Hydrogen from Water
Directory : Hydrogen from Water using Boron
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 4 ]
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 5 ]
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 6 ]
There was an error working with the wiki : Code [ 7 ]
OPEN SOURCE :
Directory : Hydrogen Hog by Future Energy Concepts , Inc. ( Freddy's Cell )
OS : Self - Looped Anton HHO Cell System
OS : Water Fuel Cell
OS : Moray King : Closed - Loop Water Fuel Cell
- OS : Bill Williams ' Joe Cell
- Directory : Joe Cell
- Directory : Fuel Efficiency
- OS
- Main Page
Category : Joe Cells
- OS
- News : Open Source
- Main Page
- PES Network Inc .
Barbados Holiday Villa is your home away from home ; your piece of paradise
Barbados Holiday Villa is your perfect self - catering holiday rental property in the paradise setting of the prestigious west coast of Barbados , in beautiful Paynes Bay , St James .
Ideal property
The Villa is a 3 bedroom open - plan , spacious holiday rental property that is situated within a private residential setting , with air - conditioning in all bedrooms and all other mod cons to make your stay relaxing and enjoyable , including a flat - screen TV , Cable and Internet access .
A veranda overlooks a private front lawn abundant with flowers , and access to the rear of the villa provides a private lawned garden with flowers and seating for outside dining and relaxation .
Ideal location
The elevated landscape affords views of the breath - taking Caribbean Sea to the west of the property , and its location provides an easy 2 minute access to beautiful white sandy beaches .
There you will find a truly stunning turquoise sea where you can engage in water - sports , swim with turtles or simply sunbathe and relax .
There is a plethora of other activities nearby including golf , at the nearby famous Sandy Lane golf course , or horse riding ; and stunning attractions steeped in history .
Superb restaurants are in abundance within easy walking distance or a 5 minute car or bus drive away in the next village of Holetown , which also provides banks , duty free shopping and nightlife .
The local buses are close by , and are frequent and reliable .
So whether you are looking for a relaxing and fun holiday with friends / family , a romantic getaway , or you are booked into any of the hotels listed below and would like to provide your guests with a wonderful villa to stay in , contact us .
Hotels near Barbados Holiday Villa : Tamarind , The St James , Tropical Escape , Beach View , The House , Crystal Cove , Treasure Beach and Sandy Lane .
Drones can be remotely controlled from thousands of miles away Insurgents in Iraq have hacked into live video feeds from unmanned American drone aircraft , US media reports say .
Shia fighters are said to have used off - the - shelf software programs such as SkyGrabber to capture the footage .
The hacking was possible because the remotely flown planes have an unprotected communications link .
Obtaining such video feeds could provide insurgents with information about sites the military might be planning to target .
ANALYSIS Mark Ward , technology correspondent , BBC News
As its name implies , SkyGrabber is a program that grabs data being broadcast by satellites - it acts as a radio for data feeds and lets people tune into different data streams as they might radio stations .
Anyone downloading via a wire only shares that net link with a few neighbours .
By contrast , anyone using a satellite net connection effectively shares all the data they are getting with everyone in the area covered by a satellite .
Those other people do not see that data because their PC is only watching for what they want .
However , SkyGrabber eavesdrops on all the data being downloaded over a link and turns it back into whole files .
The way that data is sent over the net makes it very easy for anyone to reconstruct files .
Sky Grabber has proved popular because it has good filters that let people sort the types of files , mp3 , wmv , jpg they want to get .
It also knows about many different satellites and can be re-tuned to look at other data streams - such as those coming from drones .
The downside is that SkyGrabber users only get what other people want .
The Associated Press news agency quotes a US Department of Defense official as saying the military has also found evidence of at least one instance where insurgents in Afghanistan monitored drone video .
The breach of the Pentagon surveillance system 's security in Iraq is said to have come to light when footage shot by a Predator drone was found on the laptop of an apprehended insurgent .
A senior Pentagon official is quoted by the Wall Street Journal as saying that although militants were able to view the video , there was no evidence that they were able to jam electronic signals from the aircraft or take control of them .
The unnamed official said the US defence department had addressed the issue by working to encrypt all video feeds provided by drones in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Predator drones can fly for several hours , remotely controlled by pilots thousands of miles away .
The aircraft can carry out surveillance and attack targets with on - board missiles .
Responding to the reports , a Pentagon spokesman said : " The Department of Defense constantly evaluates and seeks to improve the performance and security of our various systems and platforms .
" As we identify shortfalls , we correct them as part of a continuous process of seeking to improve capabilities and security .
As a matter of policy , we do n't comment on specific vulnerabilities or intelligence issues . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Paul Deal
BBC News
Peter Bacon hopes that , with his new passport , he can start life afresh Peter Bacon will set off for the airport next month for a flight to Malaysia .
But it wo n't be Peter Bacon who will step off the plane at the other end .
Mr Bacon , a 27 - year - old graduate from Canterbury in Kent , says the stigma of being wrongly accused of rape has led him to create a new identity and make a fresh start thousands of miles from Britain .
In March , a jury at Winchester Crown Court heard that a woman was so drunk that she was incapable of giving consent to sex and that Mr Bacon took advantage .
He insisted that the woman had consented .
The jury returned a unanimous not guilty verdict in 45 minutes .
Since then , Mr Bacon has been busy reinventing himself .
' Nightmarish ' Speaking to Victoria Derbyshire on BBC Radio 5 live , he said : " I 've changed my name by deed poll now - the whole name .
" I 've changed my passport , my taxes , my National Insurance , my NHS records .
Everything , basically . "
He has set up new Facebook and Hotmail accounts - and his degree certificate bears his new name .
Rape survivors and alleged rapists are both entitled to justice .
But justice means convicting the men who commit rape
Ruth Hall , Women Against Rape " I enquired about name changing on certificates before I graduated .
Because , apparently , your degree certificate is a historical document , they will not change your name ; it 's impossible .
So , if I did n't do it before graduation , then I could n't do it .
" My name has come up a few times since the original newspaper interest died down .
My name is going to keep on coming up and I 'd rather move away and start again , I suppose .
" You 've still got your name connected to it .
Just to have it connected to something like that is bad , terrible , nightmarish .
It does n't matter what the outcome was . "
Mr Bacon said he felt like an innocent man " but punished all the same ... it just seems like a load of doors have closed to me because of this , even though I 've done nothing wrong " .
' Traumatic '
In August , a former Emmerdale actor , Lewis Linford , was cleared of sexually assaulting a woman at a nightclub in Hull , East Yorkshire .
Lawyer Nick Freeman , who represented him , believes the law that allows rape defendants to be named while their alleged victims remain anonymous should be reviewed .
[ Lewis Linford ] was a completely innocent victim whose life was traumatised by a fabricated allegation
Nick Freeman , who represented Lewis Linford Mr Freeman said : " Those who are investigated and charged in such cases should be given the same protection as the complainant until such time as they are convicted .
" The judge should always retain the discretion to lift the veil of anonymity in deserving cases prior to conviction .
" If you have a serial sex offender , they should n't be able to hide behind anonymity so as not to impede police investigations .
" Counsel should be able to apply to the judge for anonymity to be lifted and he would grant it or deny it .
" In the case of Lewis Linford , the jury was out for just seven minutes , so he got a lot of positive publicity and sympathy .
" But it had an extremely traumatic effect on him and his family - emotionally , physically and financially .
He was a completely innocent victim whose life was traumatised by a fabricated allegation .
" She was entitled to remain anonymous while he was subjected to the full glare of publicity . "
Break away Women Against Rape does not share Mr Freeman 's view about anonymity for men accused of rape .
Ruth Hall , from the campaign group , said : " Most rapists are serial rapists .
Many rape cases could be won if more than one woman came forward to give evidence . "
She said if suspects were given anonymity , police would not be able to find other alleged victims .
Ms Hall said : " Rape survivors and alleged rapists are both entitled to justice .
But justice means convicting the men who commit rape .
" We have sympathy for anyone accused of something they did n't do , but that applies to all crimes .
" Rape survivors need anonymity or no - one would come forward to report rape . "
While the debate goes on about the rights and wrongs of anonymity , Peter Bacon has decided it is time to leave Britain .
But why Malaysia ?
" It 's getting a new start really , is n't it ?
A lot of people here know me as Peter Bacon .
I 'd like to go to a place where nobody knows me and I can start using my new name , start a new Facebook group , just rebuild a life really .
" I 'm surrounded by too many people who know me as Peter Bacon .
" But I think as soon as I get to the airport with my passport and I 'm boarding the plane then I 'll think ' that 's it , there is no more Peter Bacon from now ' .
" So hopefully , I 'll be starting my life again completely afresh .
It should be good . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Filled with food crafted to look like the stars of cartoons and videogames , character bento boxes look so cute you might not want to eat what ’s inside them — but your kids will .
The 2008 book Face Food : The Visual Creativity of Japanese Bento Boxes chronicles the culture of charaben , or kyaraben , the culinary art form perfected by Japanese women .
These mothers lovingly prepare delightful works of art for their kids to take to school .
“ Some of the parents I spoke to made charaben to improve their children ’s nutritional health , ” Face Food author Christopher D. Saylers told Wired.com .
“ Others had sociological concerns :
The charaben helped their child become more popular in school . ”
His new book , Face Food Recipes , shows how to make these colorful creations .
The book contains photos of each character bento for inspiration , along with pencil drawings that show the ingredients required .
You ’ll also need a love of cooking and crafting , some talent , patience and , of course , lots of time .
Saylers gave Wired.com a step - by - step instructional video ( embedded above ) showing how to prepare charaben .
Watch it and try your hand at this amazing Japanese tradition .
See Also :
Remember those plastic glasses we had as kids , which changed color if liquid was inside ?
You 'd quite often get them for 99 c with a kid 's meal at a fast food chain .
These are the next ( grown - up ) step in the evolution .
Advertisement
While it 's just a concept for now , I 'm really hoping designer Damjan Stankovic can send them off on the production line .
Each Cipher Drinking Glass has a multitude of colored dots in a seemingly random pattern , but once liquid is added , the dots actually spell out what sort of drink it is .
You can see from the pic that it recognizes orange juice , milk and Coca Cola — but I wonder if it would detect the difference between vodka and gin ?
[ Damjan Stankovic via New Idea Homepage via OhGizmo ]
Sex experts are all worked up over female desire — specifically whether to bulk up the terse , unisex definition of hypoactive sexual desire disorder ( HSDD ) in the psychiatric “ bible , ” the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders .
The expanded definition would treat a low sex drive in women as a mental “ condition . ”
That would be great news for German drugmaker Boehringer Ingelheim , which just announced positive results for its female libido - booster Filbanserin .
But should a woman with a weak libido be treated as mentally ill ?
( Watch a CBS report about the libido - lifting drug Flibanserin )
Flibanserin is a man 's dream — and a woman 's nightmare : The HSDD " diagnosis " is just man 's latest attempt to medicate female emotion , says Laurie Penny in Britain ’s Morning Star .
If women do n't want sex , they 'll be told " you have a disease called hypoactive sexual desire disorder , and Flibanserin can fix you . "
This is just the latest attempt in our " hypersexed " culture to exploit sexual insecurity .
“ Do n’t swallow that sedative ”
HSDD is real :
Do n’t tell me female sex problems are " too complicated to treat , or , worse , purely mythical , " says Leah McLaren in The Globe and Mail .
It ’s " shortsighted and obtuse " to deny women dealing with sexual dysfunction a " female Viagra , " if such a drug exists .
Women are wired differently than men — but that 's why Flibanserin affects brain chemistry , while Viagra works like a " hydraulic lift . "
“ Is ‘ female Viagra ’ a much - needed remedy or just hard to swallow ? ”
Low libido is a problem ; a pill is n’t the solution :
What woman does n’t want a " magic bullet solution " to her sex problems ?
says Christine Ottery in The Guardian .
But , while " it ’s a tempting idea in our time - poor lives to pop a pill , " Fliblanserin should be a last resort .
The best solution is identifying and working out the " root cause " of a low sex drive .
“ Pill - popping approach to female libido ”
Browse > Home Funny / Playing With Money : Defacing Presidents and Funny Modifications
Playing With Money : Defacing Presidents and Funny Modifications
Having fun with money seems to be a hobby of many people out there .
I guess nobody ever told them not to play with money .
On the other hand , since there is a wide range of money notes and currencies that you may find here messed up and made creative use of , I guess that is a common feature to a lot of people out there , to play with money , by defacing presidents , modification it in a creative way or writing creative jokes on them .
Although , you would have to admit that some inspired ideas are really worth realized no matter the cost .
I know that I would gladly exchange my money to some of these dollar bills no matter what the exchange rate was .
What awaited us as we pulled up to the hotel in San Jose was definitely one of those things .
Lindy
Ruff was the first to see it , as he began to laugh sitting at the front of the bus .
Gradually , the rest of the team began to see what caused his reaction .
A horse .
Well … a man dressed like a horse , was exiting the hotel lobby .
Soon , a zebra followed the horse .
Rather , a woman dressed as a zebra .
As we peered in we could see a few dozen of the creatures walking around the main floor of the hotel – including a polar bear wearing a John Vanbiesbrouck jersey .
Apparently we stumbled onto a mascot convention that was being held at the hotel .
The technical term , we soon found , was a “ furry ” convention .
To say it was interesting was an understatement as the players passed a raptor , a mouse and what have been the closest thing I ’ve seen to a chupacabra on the way to their rooms .
Those that were n’t in full garb simply wore tails .
The experience was short lived as the players dropped off their luggage and headed back to the bus for practice at the HP Pavilion – just in time to hold the door open for a duck .
The lines at practice were the same , including Tim Kennedy playing on the fourth line with Adam Mair , Pat Kaleta and Matt Ellis Much of the attention , however , went to former Sharks Craig Rivet and Mike Grier .
Rivet played one season with San Jose before being traded to Buffalo during the offseason .
Grier , however , spent three years with the squad before returning to the Sabres as a free agent this summer .
“ It ’s not a game I ’m overly looking forward to , ” Grier said of playing against his former teammates .
“ I ’m excited to see a lot of the guys … but as for the game I ’m not going to enjoy going against them .
It ’s tough …
It ’s not an easy thing to do .
” For Grier ’s full interview click here .
Jonathan Evans , the head of MI5 , has warned that Britain faces “ unreconstructed attempts by Russia , China and others ” who were using “ sophisticated technical attacks ” to try and steal sensitive technology on civilian and military projects , along with political and economic intelligence .
Free Tetris
You can play free Tetris right here online !
We have many different Tetris games for you to play and are adding exciting new games for you to play each week .
The Tetris game is one of the most famous computer puzzle games of all time .
It was originally developed in 1984 by Alexey Pajitnov in Moscow while he was working for the Academy of Science !
We also have some other classic games to play .
You will find them below under all the Tetris type games .
You can play them online , directly from your browser , without need to download .
Some are also included in online casinos for real money play .
You can try them for free with the no deposit bonus that you can get by following this link .
Be sure to bookmark our site and share your favorite Tetris games with your friends on Facebook , Twitter and MySpace !
Featured Game - Free Tetris
Fit the blocks together in this great version of the classic Tetris game .
Use the arrow keys to control the blocks .
Why not share this game with your friends ?
Tetris Games
Block Tetris
Play with tower block pieces in this cool Tetris game .
Boom Box
Explode boxes by getting at least 3 connected boxes and create combos to score extra points .
Candy Tetris
Clear the colored cubes before they block the board .
Candy Brick
Everything is upside donw in this tetris game .
Cherry Bomb
Another free tetris game but with fire crackers and bombs to blow up the blocks for you .
Clix
Arrange the blocks to match the shape shown but do n't block the entrance .
Debloc
Match the colored blocks and combine the bars in this fun puzzle game .
Flying Tetris
Make rows out of the hexagon blocks that fall down and get extra points for making multiple rows .
Jellytris
This is a fun free Tetris game with jelly pieces !
Nuclear Tetris
Treat this Tetris game with caution ... it is radioactive !
Sketch Blocks
This is a great tetramino game with very nice graphics .
Choose from two different game modes .
Sneaky Tetris
Be sneaky and play Tetris at work with this Tetris game in disguise !
Tetris 3D
A great 3D Tetris game with great graphics .
Tetris Game
This is the classic tetris game complete with the cool tetris music .
More Classic Games
Asteroids
Destroy the asteroids before they destroy your spaceship !
Donkey Kong
Avoid the barrels and make it to the top !
Frogger
Help Frogger to avoid the cars and trucks and cross the river safely .
Pacman
Guide Pacman around the maze and eat all the dots but watch the ghosts !
The Central Intelligence Agency , PayPal , and hundreds of other organizations are under an unexplained assault that 's bombarding their websites with millions of compute - intensive requests .
The " massive " flood of requests is made over the websites ' SSL , or secure - sockets layer , port , causing them to consume more resources than normal connections , according to researchers at Shadowserver Foundation , a volunteer security collective .
The torrent started about a week ago and appears to be caused by recent changes made to a botnet known as Pushdo .
" What do I mean by massive ?
I mean you are likely seeing an unexpected increase in traffic by several million hits spread out across several hundred thousand IP addresses , " Shadowserver ' Steven Adair wrote .
" This might be a big deal if you 're used to only getting a few hundred or thousands of hits a day or you do n't have unlimited bandwidth . "
Shadowserver has identified 315 websites that are the recipients of the SSL assault .
In addition to cia.gov and paypal.com , other sites include yahoo.com , americanexpress.com , and sans.org .
It 's not clear why Pushdo has unleashed the torrent .
Infected PCs appear to initiate the SSL connections , along with a bit of junk , disconnect and then repeat the cycle .
They do n't request any resources from the website or do anything else .
" We find it hard to believe this much activity would be used to make the bots blend in with normal traffic , but at the same time it does n't quite look like a DDoS either , " Adair wrote .
Security mavens are n't sure what targeted sites can do to thwart the attacks .
Changing IP addresses may provide a temporary reprieve .
Adair asks those with better mitigation techniques to contact him .
The Shadowserver advisory is here . ®
Ben Bernanke ,
You are the Moral Hazard
Jim Bunning writes :
Four years ago when you came before the Senate for confirmation to be Chairman of the Federal Reserve , I was the only Senator to vote against you .
In fact , I was the only Senator to even raise serious concerns about you .
I opposed you because I knew you would continue the legacy of Alan Greenspan , and I was right .
But I did not know how right I would be and could not begin to imagine how wrong you would be in the following four years .
The Greenspan legacy on monetary policy was breaking from the Taylor Rule to provide easy money , and thus inflate bubbles .
Not only did you continue that policy when you took control of the Fed , but you supported every Greenspan rate decision when you were on the Fed earlier this decade .
Sometimes you even wanted to go further and provide even more easy money than Chairman Greenspan .
As recently as a letter you sent me two weeks ago , you still refuse to admit Fed actions played any role in inflating the housing bubble despite overwhelming evidence and the consensus of economists to the contrary .
And in your efforts to keep filling the punch bowl , you cranked up the printing press to buy mortgage securities , Treasury securities , commercial paper , and other assets from Wall Street .
Those purchases , by the way , led to some nice profits for the Wall Street banks and dealers who sold them to you , and the G.S.E. purchases seem to be illegal since the Federal Reserve Act only allows the purchase of securities backed by the government .
On consumer protection , the Greenspan policy was do n’t do it .
You went along with his policy before you were Chairman , and continued it after you were promoted .
The most glaring example is it took you two years to finally regulate subprime mortgages after Chairman Greenspan did nothing for 12 years .
Even then , you only acted after pressure from Congress and after it was clear subprime mortgages were at the heart of the economic meltdown .
On other consumer protection issues you only acted as the time approached for your re-nomination to be Fed Chairman .
Alan Greenspan refused to look for bubbles or try to do anything other than create them .
Likewise , it is clear from your statements over the last four years that you failed to spot the housing bubble despite many warnings .
Chairman Greenspan ’s attitude toward regulating banks was much like his attitude toward consumer protection .
Instead of close supervision of the biggest and most dangerous banks , he ignored the growing balance sheets and increasing risk .
You did no better .
In fact , under your watch every one of the major banks failed or would have failed if you did not bail them out .
On derivatives , Chairman Greenspan and other Clinton Administration officials attacked Brooksley Born when she dared to raise concerns about the growing risks .
They succeeded in changing the law to prevent her or anyone else from effectively regulating derivatives .
After taking over the Fed , you did not see any need for more substantial regulation of derivatives until it was clear that we were headed to a financial meltdown thanks in part to those products .
The Greenspan policy on transparency was talk a lot , use plenty of numbers , but say nothing .
Things were so bad one TV network even tried to guess his thoughts by looking at the briefcase he carried to work .
You promised Congress more transparency when you came to the job , and you promised us more transparency when you came begging for TARP .
To be fair , you have published some more information than before , but those efforts are inadequate and you still refuse to provide details on the Fed ’s bailouts last year and on all the toxic waste you have bought .
And Chairman Greenspan sold the Fed ’s independence to Wall Street through the so - called " Greenspan Put . "
Whenever Wall Street needed a boost , Alan was there .
But you went far beyond that when you bowed to the political pressures of the Bush and Obama administrations and turned the Fed into an arm of the Treasury .
Under your watch , the Bernanke Put became a bailout for all large financial institutions , including many foreign banks .
And you put the printing presses into overdrive to fund the government ’s spending and hand out cheap money to your masters on Wall Street , which they use to rake in record profits while ordinary Americans and small businesses can’t even get loans for their everyday needs .
Now , I want to read you a quote : " I believe that the tools available to the banking agencies , including the ability to require adequate capital and an effective bank receivership process are sufficient to allow the agencies to minimize the systemic risks associated with large banks .
Moreover , the agencies have made clear that no bank is too - big - too - fail , so that bank management , shareholders , and un-insured debt holders understand that they will not escape the consequences of excessive risk - taking .
In short , although vigilance is necessary , I believe the systemic risk inherent in the banking system is well - managed and well - controlled . "
That should sound familiar , since it was part of your response to a question I asked about the systemic risk of large financial institutions at your last confirmation hearing .
I ’m going to ask that the full question and answer be included in today ’s hearing record .
Now , if that statement was true and you had acted according to it , I might be supporting your nomination today .
But since then , you have decided that just about every large bank , investment bank , insurance company , and even some industrial companies are too big to fail .
Rather than making management , shareholders , and debt holders feel the consequences of their risk - taking , you bailed them out .
In short , you are the definition of moral hazard .
Instead of taking that money and lending to consumers and cleaning up their balance sheets , the banks started to pocket record profits and pay out billions of dollars in bonuses .
Because you bowed to pressure from the banks and refused to resolve them or force them to clean up their balance sheets and clean out the management , you have created zombie banks that are only enriching their traders and executives .
You are repeating the mistakes of Japan in the 1990s on a much larger scale , while sowing the seeds for the next bubble .
In the same letter where you refused to admit any responsibility for inflating the housing bubble , you also admitted that you do not have an exit strategy for all the money you have printed and securities you have bought .
That sounds to me like you intend to keep propping up the banks for as long as they want .
Even if all that were not true , the A.I.G. bailout alone is reason enough to send you back to Princeton .
First you told us A.I.G. and its creditors had to be bailed out because they posed a systemic risk , largely because of the credit default swaps portfolio .
Those credit default swaps , by the way , are over the counter derivatives that the Fed did not want regulated .
Well , according to the TARP Inspector General , it turns out the Fed was not concerned about the financial condition of the credit default swaps partners when you decided to pay them off at par .
In fact , the Inspector General makes it clear that no serious efforts were made to get the partners to take haircuts , and one bank ’s offer to take a haircut was declined .
I can only think of two possible reasons you would not make then - New York Fed President Geithner try to save the taxpayers some money by seriously negotiating or at least take up U.B.S. on their offer of a haircut .
Sadly , those two reasons are incompetence or a desire to secretly funnel more money to a few select firms , most notably Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch , and a handful of large European banks .
I also cannot understand why you did not seek European government contributions to this bailout of their banking system .
From monetary policy to regulation , consumer protection , transparency , and independence , your time as Fed Chairman has been a failure .
You stated time and again during the housing bubble that there was no bubble .
After the bubble burst , you repeatedly claimed the fallout would be small .
And you clearly did not spot the systemic risks that you claim the Fed was supposed to be looking out for .
Where I come from we punish failure , not reward it .
That is certainly the way it was when I played baseball , and the way it is all across America .
Judging by the current Treasury Secretary , some may think Washington does reward failure , but that should not be the case .
I will do everything I can to stop your nomination and drag out the process as long as possible .
We must put an end to your and the Fed ’s failures , and there is no better time than now .
Jim Bunning is a Republican senator from Kentucky .
© 2009 Copyright Phill Tomlinson - All Rights Reserved Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Interpreters are an integral part of coalition troops ' role in Afghanistan
Two US soldiers who died in eastern Afghanistan on Friday were shot dead by an Afghan interpreter , it has emerged .
A Nato official said the translator gunned down the US soldiers before other soldiers shot him dead at an outpost in Wardak province .
A US military official told Reuters news agency the attacker seemed to be a " disgruntled employee " , not a militant .
Also in Wardak province , four Afghan soldiers died in an apparently bungled coalition air strike .
Afghanistan 's defence ministry demanded punishment for those behind the air strike ; Nato said the deaths were " regrettable " and announced an investigation .
The shootings involving the translator and the air strike were not thought to be related .
An Afghan provincial official told Reuters the interpreter had argued with the soldiers over pay and treatment , before opening fire .
For months , the U.N. climate change summit that began yesterday in Copenhagen has been billed as the world 's last best hope to match the scientific consensus on global warming with a policy consensus .
But now it turns out there is little of either , and Copenhagen looks like it will go down as one of the more remarkable cases of political hubris in recent memory .
That 's no bad outcome , given the ambitions of Copenhagen 's organizers to impose heavy new carbon taxes on top of a struggling world economy .
The Australian Senate ...
The one shining achievement in the life of Seinfeld 's George Costanza is no more , as a Connecticut man shatters the fictional Frogger record previously thought unattainable by real people .
Advertisement
In the 1998 Seinfeld episode " The Frogger , " George Costanza tries desperately to save the Frogger machine that holds his greatest achievement - the fictional world record score of 860,630 points .
The episode ends with a battery - rigged arcade machine getting smashed in traffic in homage to the classic game , the record of the achievement lost forever .
Not that it matters now , as George now holds the second - highest Frogger score of all time .
Pat Laffaye of Westport , CT racked up an enormously impressive 896,980 points , beating the fictional character soundly .
The score was verified by referee Eric Akeson of arcade record - keepers Twin Galaxies and announced at the stroke of midnight on January 1st .
Advertisement
" Even though it was imagined by television writers , Pat has broken one of the most famous scores in pop culture , " Twin Galaxies Division Manager Patrick Scott Patterson said .
" Pat 's amazing score will now forever be attached to not only Twin Galaxies history , but pop culture trivia as well . "
Pat also holds the world record score for Paperboy and apparently has far too much time on his hands .
Nine Inch Nails Fans Create Incredible Live DVD From Footage : Encourage Everyone To Share Widely
from the have - fun - with - it dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
You may recall that about a year ago , Trent Reznor jokingly mentioned that 400 gigs of high definition video footage of some shows from Nine Inch Nail 's previous tour had been released online " by a mysterious , shadowy group of subversives . "
Not only that , he noted " I 'll bet some enterprising fans could assemble something pretty cool . "
Now , of course it was Rezor 's own people who were " leaking " the content , but we'd been hearing all sorts of cool things about what they were doing , and on Christmas Eve they officially released what they had put together called " Another Version Of The Truth : The Gift . "
It 's an amazing display of crowdsourced teamwork by a group calling itself " This One Is On Us , " a play on Reznor 's statement when he released " The Slip " as a completely free download , when he said " This one 's on me .
" As they note , it took 12 months , involving a " core team of dozens ( with a network of thousands ) , spanning 3 continents , 4 languages , 5 specialist teams [ and ] countless sleepless nights . "
And what did they come out with ?
Well , it 's a concert video that 's available in pretty much any format you might want ( and they 're still adding more ) .
In fact you 'll soon be able to get it in Blu-ray .
But in the meantime , you can get it in standard DVD of dual layer DVD formats .
You can get it for the PS3 or as a basic .MOV file .
There 's a version catering to those who want to watch on an iPod , and ( of course ) it's on YouTube
And as we 're being told how awful BitTorrent is and how various torrent trackers and search engines need to be shut down , the folks behind this effort released it under a Creative Commons license , and people are being told that they " are encouraged to seed for as long as possible . "
As for Reznor himself ?
He notes that he's " blown away " and reminded ( yet again ) that Nine Inch Nails fans " kick ass .
" But Bittorrent can't be used for any legitimate purpose , right ?
And musicians can't possibly embrace what the technology allows ?
Once again , we 're seeing why those who embrace what technology allows will do just fine moving forward .
It 's only those who think that the answer is to bring out the lawyers and try to hold back progress who will find themselves struggling to create business models that work .
Filed Under : fans , file sharing , nine inch nails , trent reznor , video
Scientists at the University of Michigan Comprehensive Cancer Center have uncovered an important link between inflammation and breast cancer stem cells that suggests a new way to target cells that are resistant to current treatments .
The researchers identified a receptor , CXCR1 , on the cancer stem cells which triggers growth of stem cells in response to inflammation and tissue damage .
A drug originally developed to prevent organ transplant rejection blocks this receptor , killing breast cancer stem cells and preventing their metastasis in mice , according to the study .
Cancer stem cells , the small number of cells that fuel a tumor 's growth , are believed to be resistant to current chemotherapies and radiation treatment , which researchers say may be the reason cancer so often returns after treatment .
" Developing treatments to effectively target the cancer stem cell population is essential for improving outcomes .
This work suggests a new strategy to target cancer stem cells that can be readily translated into the clinic , " says senior study author Max S. Wicha , M.D. , Distinguished Professor of Oncology and director of the U - M Comprehensive Cancer Center .
Wicha was part of the team that first identified stem cells in breast cancer .
Results of the current study appear online Jan. 4 in the Journal of Clinical Investigation and will appear in the journal 's February print issue .
CXCR1 is a receptor for Interleukin - 8 , or IL - 8 , a protein produced during chronic inflammation and tissue injury .
When tumors are exposed to chemotherapy , the dying cells produce IL - 8 , which stimulates cancer stem cells to replicate .
Addition of the drug repertaxin to chemotherapy specifically targets and kills breast cancer stem cells by blocking CXCR1 .
advertisement
Mice treated with repertaxin or the combination of repertaxin and chemotherapy had dramatically fewer cancer stem cells than those treated with chemotherapy alone .
In addition , repertaxin - treated mice developed significantly fewer metastases than mice treated with chemotherapy alone .
" These studies suggest that important links between inflammation , tissue damage and breast cancer may be mediated by cancer stem cells .
Furthermore , anti-inflammatory drugs such as repertaxin may provide a means of blocking these interactions , thereby targeting breast cancer stem cells , " Wicha says .
Repertaxin has been tested in early phase clinical trials to prevent rejection after organ transplantation .
In these studies , side effects seem to be minimal .
There are no reports of using repertaxin to treat cancer .
Note to patients :
This work was done in cell cultures and mice .
Repertaxin is not available to patients at this time and no clinical trials are yet planned .
Breast cancer statisitics : 194,280 Americans will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year and 40,610 will die from the disease , according to the American Cancer Society .
Additional authors : Christophe Ginestier , Suling Liu , Mark Diebel , Hasan Korkaya , Ming Luo , Marty Brown , Jun-Lin Guan , Gabriela Dontu , all from U - M ; and Julien Wicinski , Olivier Cabaud , Emmanuelle Charafe - Jauffret , Daniel Birnbaum , all from Universite de la Mediterranee , Marseille , France
Funding : National Institutes of Health , Breast Cancer Foundation , Taubman Institute , Department of Defense , Inserm , Institut Paoli-Calmettes , Institut National du Cancer , Ligue Nationale Contre le Cancer
Disclosure : The University of Michigan has filed for patent protection on this technology , and is currently looking for a commercialization partner to help bring the technology to market .
Sorry for the long inactivity , but I am totally caught up in end - of - year wrapping up .
I have to admit that I find it quite dissatisfying when you realize the year is almost over and there are still so many things on your list that should have been done …
So the last months of the year somehow always end up in total chaos ….
anyways …
I came across a very interesting , recent paper ( via Mike ’s blog post – read also his excellent post ) by Arora , Barak , Brunnermeier , and Ge with the title “ Computational Complexity and Information Asymmetry in Financial Products ” – the authors also provide an informal discussion of the relevance for derivative pricing in practice .
As I worked with structured products myself for some time , this paper raised my interest and if you are interested in the trade - off between , say , full rationality and bounded - rationality when it comes to pricing , you should definitely give it a look as well .
The paper deals with the effect of information asymmetry between the structuring entity ( which is often also the seller ) and the buyer of a structure .
The considered derivatives in the paper are CDO like structures and , running the risk of over - simplification , the main points are as follows :
Having a set of assets that should be structured into derivatives , here CDOs , a malicious structurer can hide a significant amount of junk assets when assigning the assets to the derivatives .
More precisely , the structurer can ensure that the junk assets are overrepresented in a certain subset of the derivatives to be structured which significantly deteriorates their value .
A buyer with full - rationality ( which can here perform exponential time computations ) can actually detect this tampering by testing all possible assignment subsets and verifying that there is actually an / no over - representation .
On the other hand , a buyer with limited computational resources , say which is only capable of performing polynomial time computations ( the standard assumption when considering efficient algorithms that behave well in the size of the input ) cannot detect that the assignments of the assets to the derivatives has been tampered .
Under some additional assumptions , the tampering is even ex post undetectable .
The authors propose different payoff function that are more resistant to tampering in the sense that heavy , detectable tampering is needed to skew the payoff profile significantly .
Now the authors devise a model similar to Akerlof ’s lemons .
Stated in a simplified way , the buyer , knowing that he cannot detect the tampering , will assume that a tampering has been performed and is only willing to pay the adjusted price factoring in the potential tampering of the structure – adverse selection .
The honest structurer is not willing to sell his derivatives for the reduced price and leaves the market .
This effect , based on the information asymmetry between buyer and seller ( which was exemplified in Akerlof ’s paper using the market of used cars ) in the classical setting would lead to a complete collapse of the market as it would repeat ad infinitum until nobody would be left willing to trade .
Countermeasures stopping this vicious circle are warranties in the case of the cars .
The variant considered here for the structured products will likely converge to the point where the maximum amount of tampering has been performed and buyers and sellers expectations or levels of information are aligned .
What particularly fascinated me is the type of problem encoded to establish intractability .
Contrary to the classical NP - hard problems known in optimization that mostly ask for some kind of an optimal combinatorial solution , the authors use the densest subgraph problem / assumption which asserts that deciding between two random distributions ( here the fair one and the tampered one ) cannot be done in polynomial time ( provided that the tampering is not too obvious ) .
In particular :
Densest subgraph problem .
Let be a bipartite graph with out - degree for all vertices in .
The densest subgraph problem for is to distinguish between the two distributions :
which is obtained by choosing for every vertex in an amount of neighbors in randomly .
( what would be the fair assignment ) which is obtained by first choosing and with and , and then choosing neighbors for every vertex outside of , and random neighbors for every vertex in .
Then we choose random additional neighbors in for every vertex in .
( which means that we choose some assets and some derivatives a priori and we prefer to add edges between those sets — slightly simplified .
On the rest we do random assignments )
Then the densest subgraph assumption states that whenever , as functions of are chosen sufficiently moderate , then we cannot distinguish between those two distributions , i.e. , we cannot detect the tampering with a polynomial time algorithm :
Densest subgraph assumption .
Let be such that , then there is no and poly - time algorithm that distinguishes between and with advantage .
Note that the vertices correspond to the structures and the to the underlyings / assets .
Although asymptotically intractable , what would be interesting to know is what one can do in practice for reasonable instance sizes , i.e , up to which degree one would be actually able to detect tampering .
As Mike already said :
In particular , if a group put out 1000 groupings of financial instruments , and I needed to solve the densest subgraph problem on the resulting instance , I would work very hard at getting an integer program , constraint program , dynamic program , or other program to actually solve the instance ( particularly if someone is willing to pay me millions to do so ) .
If the group then responded with 10,000 groupings , I would then simply declare that they are tampering and invoke whatever level of adverse selection correction you like ( including just refusing to have anything to do with them ) .
Intractable does not mean unsolvable , and not every size instance needs more computing than “ the fastest computers on earth put together ” .
Another point might be that there are potentially billions of ways of tampering structured products .
Especially when the payoff profiles are highly non-linear ( e.g. , FX - ratchet swaps with compounding coupons ) deliberate over -/ underestimation of parameters might completely change the valuation of the structures .
The proposed framework highlights that there might be ways of tampering that we cannot detect in the worst case , even ex-post ( under additional assumptions ) .
But before we can actually detect tampering we have to be aware of this kind of tampering and we have a real problem if tampering is undetectable ex post – how to prove it ?
This is in some sense related to the stated open question 3 : Is there an axiomatic way of showing that there are no tamper - proof derivatives – slightly weakened : with respect to ex-post undetectability .
I could also very well imagine that when giving a closer look to traded structures ( especially the nasty OTC ones ) , that there will be more pricing problems that are essentially intractable .
It is almost like one of the main hurdles so far to establish intractability was the more stochastical character of prizing problems while hardness is often stated in terms of some kind of combinatorial problem .
An approach like the one proposed in the article might overcome this issue by establishing hardness via distinguishing two distributions .
It took a few years to come to fruition , but on Monday , it became official : The Ultimate Fighting Championship will be coming to Boston next summer .
Governor Deval Patrick signed a bill into law making Massachusetts the 42d state to regulate mixed - martial arts , and that opens the door for the UFC to bring its events to TD Garden .
According to Marc Ratner , the UFC ’s vice president of regulatory affairs , the first card will be in either July or August .
“ Boston has been on our wish list for a little bit more than three years , ’’ said Ratner .
“ We actively started lobbying a little more than two years ago .
Massachusetts is very special to [ UFC president ]
Dana
White because he was raised there in the first part of his life .
The Boston Garden is where we want to bring a show . ’’
Relatively speaking , the bill breezed through the legislative process .
Ratner said the feedback was almost universally positive throughout ; it was just a matter of being patient .
“ My best analogy is that it was like a two - year pregnancy , ’’ he said .
“ We were n’t sure when the baby was going to get born .
Once we got it to the governor ’s desk , we knew it was just a matter of time .
It was very exciting and there were high fives and handshakes [ in the UFC offices ] because Massachusetts is very important to the sport of MMA and certainly to us at the UFC . ’’
Dover ’s Kenny Florian , who will fight Clay Guida in a lightweight bout Dec. 12 in Memphis , is one of the sport ’s best local ambassadors .
He addressed legislators at the State House last spring .
“ Kenny Florian was tremendous , ’’ said Ratner .
“ He is so articulate , he ’s a great spokesman for the sport of mixed - martial arts .
He ’s what everyone should aspire to .
He ’s just fabulous for the sport . ’’
The bill was sponsored by State Senator James Timilty , who is chairman of the Joint Committee on Public Safety and Homeland Security .
“ Mixed - martial arts events are enormously popular in Massachusetts and held in venues across the state every day , ’’ said Timilty in a statement .
“ That is why passing legislation to regulate the sport was so important .
We want it to be safe for everyone . ’’
Nancy Marrapese - Burrell can be reached at marrapese@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The US virtual economy is set to make billions
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Paying real money for products that do not exist is big business Virtual goods such as weapons or digital bottles of champagne traded in the US could be worth up to $ 5bn in the next five years , experts predict .
In Asia , sales are already around the $ 5bn mark and rapidly growing .
For many , virtual goods are one of the hottest trends in technology and are fuelling huge growth in the social gaming sector .
" This is just an exploding part of the gaming business right now , said venture capitalist Jeremy Liew .
" It is the most exciting area in gaming , " he said .
Mr Liew , whose firm Lightspeed Venture Partners has invested $ 10 m in virtual goods companies , said the rapid growth of the sector was unprecedented .
" We have seen companies go from nothing in the last 18 - 24 months to tens and hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue . "
Revenue model Playfish is a social gaming company that started two years ago .
Today it has 11 online games and more than 61 million people who play those games worldwide .
Playfish believes virtual goods will continue to lead to more riches Crucial to its success is the sale of virtual goods , ranging from furniture for your pet to menu items for your own restaurant in games like Pet Society and Restaurant City .
" Virtual items within the Playfish games are the centre point of the way in which Playfish derives its revenue , " Tom Sarris of the firm told BBC News .
" We have two different revenue models .
The primary is the sale of virtual goods and the second is in - game advertising , but that is a very minor aspect at this stage . "
Mr Sarris would not reveal how much Playfish makes from the sale of virtual goods , but admitted that it accounts for the lion 's share of the company 's revenue .
That , according to Mr Liew is fairly typical .
" Virtual goods is the whole story in the world of social games .
It accounts for 90 - 95 % of revenue for a lot of these social game developers . "
The new gamers
And it is not just the stereotypical gamers that are spending their hard earned cash on goods that only add up to a handful of pixels on a website Emma Cox is probably fairly typical of the new breed of social gamer who plays as a way to stay connected to friends and family .
Ms Cox buys virtual goods to get ahead in the game " I am not a traditional gamer .
I do n't buy console games or go out and spend $ 40 on a game for my PlayStation , " said Ms Cox .
" I am playing online games for a different reason and it's instant gratification , playing with friends , showing off to others and have them see all the virtual goods you have bought for yourself and even for them . "
Ms Cox told the BBC she spends about $ 10 a month per game on virtual goods and plays two to three games .
Her favourite is Country Store where players trade real money for coins allowing players to move ahead in the game or to buy goods .
The game bills itself as an opportunity to let players get away from the hustle and bustle of life by hanging out in the country tending crops and breathing the country air .
On her last visit , Ms Cox bought fertiliser and seeds for corn and peppers .
" These virtual goods are easy to buy , they are accessible , they are online , " said Ms Cox .
" The immediate impact is being able to move throughout the game a lot more quickly .
It also enhances your overall experience of the game - it is about total entertainment . "
Playfish 's Mr Sarris said that is the main reason people are willing to purchase products that do not exist .
" The way we look at it is it 's no different from paying money to go and see a movie or rent a dvd .
What you are paying for is the experience and that notion of entertainment . "
Social is key Central to the early growth of this virtual goods revolution have been social networks like Facebook , MySpace and Bebo .
Ten of the top 15 apps on Facebook are social games Users of these networks can also pay for virtual goods , such as digital birthday cards , champagne or flowers .
" Increasingly as people 's relationships migrate online , your interactions occur there , " said Lightspeed 's Mr Liew .
" That makes it more natural for those acknowledgements of how important someone is to us to occur there also .
Buying something like virtual champagne or a birthday card is telling someone they are important to you . "
However most of the momentum in this virtual goods market happens through social games which Mr Liew said is responsible for bringing a new type of new gamer to the fore .
" We have found tens of millions , hundreds of millions of people playing these social games and many would never consider themselves as gamers .
Yet they spend real money to play these games and in some cases really meaningful amounts of money .
" That is what makes the expansion of this market so exciting , " added Mr Liew .
Bright future
The market is clearly one with a lot of life in it .
About two thirds of the top 15 applications on Facebook are games , according to analytics firm AppData .
Those ten games are said to draw more than 100 million users a month .
Mr Liew said the virtual goods revolution will remain big news in 2010 Earlier in December , one of the biggest social gaming companies , Zynga , sold a stake in the firm to Russia 's Digital Sky Technologies for $ 180 m ( £ 113 m ) .
And in November , Electronic Arts , agreed to buy Playfish in a $ 400 m deal ( £ 251 m ) .
Proof of how successful the virtual goods business has become is evident in moves by Facebook itself to test a payment system to get a cut each time an online - game player buys a digital tractor or pair of flip flops .
" We are still in the growth stage of this industry , " said Mr Liew .
" We are still seeing people come out of nowhere and become a leading player .
Five years down the line , it will become more stable with five to ten companies becoming more valuable .
" The virtual goods industry is one of the most exciting categories of 2009 and will remain an exciting category in 2010 , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE greatest recorded number of children born to one mother in the world , according to the Guinness 2004 world records is 69 .
In 27 pregnancies , the first wife of Feodor Vassilyev of Russia gave birth to 16 pairs of twins , 7 sets of triplets and four sets of quadruplets .
This was in the 17 Century .
Only two of her children died at infancy .
She also holds the world record for giving birth to the most sets of twins and sets of quadruplets .
Similarly , the highest medically recorded number of children born at a single birth is nine to Geraldine Brodrick of Australia .
None of the children ( five boys , two stillborn and four girls ) lived for more than six days .
This was way back in 1971 .
But the most children delivered at a single birth to survive are a set of septuplets ( four boys and three girls .
Their mother , Bobbie McCaughey gave birth in 1997 at the University hospital , Lowa in United State of America .
The longest interval between the births of two children to the same mother is 41 years .
Elizabeth Ann Buttle of the United Kingdom produced her daughter Belinda in 1956 and rested for 41 years before giving birth to Joseph in 1997 .
But among men , Guinness recorded Moulay Ismail , the last Sharifian Emperor , as the world record for fathering 525 sons , 342 daughters by 1703 .
DEC PDP -8 DEC PDP-8
Digital Equipment Corporation's PDP -8
Celebrating the world 's first minicomputer , and
the machine that taught me assembly language .
The 12 - bit PDP - 8 contained a single 12 - bit accumulator ( AC ) ,
a 1 - bit " Link " ( L ) , and a 12 - bit program counter ( PC ) :
Later models ( the /e , /f , /m & /a ) added a 12 - bit multiplier quotient ( MQ ) register .
The term “ minicomputer ” was not coined to mean miniature , it
was originally meant to mean minimal , which is a term that ,
more than anything else , accurately describes the PDP - 8 .
Whereas today 's machines group their b inary dig its ( bits ) into sets of four in a system called “ hexadecimal ” , the PDP - 8 , like most computers of its era , used “ octal ” notation , grouping its bits into sets of three .
This meant that the PDP - 8's 12 - bit words were written as four octal digits ranging from 0 through 7 .
The first 3 bits of the machine 's 12 - bit word ( its first octal digit ) is the operation code ( OpCode ) .
This equipped the machine with just eight basic instructions :
The six memory reference instructions ( MRI ) : 0xxx AND Logical AND .
The content of memory location specified by ' xxx ' is combined with the content of the AC using a bitwise logical AND operation .
The result is left in the AC .
1xxx TAD Two 's Compliment Add .
The content of memory location specified by ' xxx ' is added to the contents of the AC using two 's compliment addition .
The result is left in the AC , if the result overflows , the LINK bit is complimented .
2xxx ISZ
“ Operate ” Increment and Skip if Zero .
The content of memory location specified by ' xxx ' is incremented by one and restored to memory .
If the result of the increment was zero , the program counter ( PC ) is incremented one extra time to cause the execution of the instruction following the ISZ to be skipped .
3xxx DCA Deposit and Clear Accumulator .
The content of the accumulator ( AC ) is stored into the memory location specified by ' xxx ' and the AC is cleared to zero .
4xxx JMS Jump to Subroutine .
The address of the instruction following this one is stored into the memory location specified by ' xxx ' and the PC is set to the location following ' xxx '.
5 xxx JMP Jump .
The PC is set to the location specified by ' xxx ' , causing the machine to execute its next instruction from there .
The multi-purpose input / output instruction : 6xxx Input
Output
“ Operate ” These instructions are used for communicating with peripheral devices including the memory extension system which added three higher - order bits to the PDP - 8 in a classic “ bank - switching ” fashion to allow the use of more than 4 k words of core .
The multi-purpose “ operate ” instruction : 7xxx “ Operate ” Bit manipulation and testing functions , such as compliment , rotate & increment the accumulator , as well as conditional skip instructions , are encoded into the nine remaining ' xxx ' bits .
How is 4 K of core ( which requires 12 bits to address ) accessed with just 9 bits ?
As you can see from the chart above , given a 12 - bit machine with a 3 - bit opcode , the six memory reference instructions ( MRI ) are left with only 9 bits ( three octal digits ) to use for specifying the effective address of the instruction .
But 9 bits can take only 512 possible values , so there 's no way to address even the original , smallest 4 K words of the PDP - 8's core memory .
DEC 's solution to this was a beautiful , clever , and efficient compromise :
The PDP - 8 memory reference compromise : 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 OpCode 0 - 5 I Z Offset
Indirection :
The PDP - 8's designers dedicated one of the machine 's precious 9 memory reference bits to signify “ indirection . ”
Indirection means that the location being addressed is not the target of the instruction , but rather the referenced location contains the address of the target .
In other words , the addressed location contains a “ pointer ” to the instruction 's target .
Since PDP - 8 words were 12 - bits long , a 12 - bit pointer could reference any word within the machine 's 4 K word memory .
So even if an instruction could not directly point to the location it might want , it could indirectly point to a 12 - bit word that could point to the target .
( Therefore , the term “ indirection ” . )
Pages :
The PDP - 8's designers also gave up one more of the machine 's precious 9 memory reference bits to signify whether the location referenced by the remaining 7 bits was on the “ current page ” or on “ page zero . ”
What 's a page ?
After stealing 1 bit to signify indirection , and another for the current page or page zero , only 7 bits remained , and those 7 bits could only address any of 128 possible locations in memory .
So this limitation automatically created the concept of a “ page ” :
4 K words addressed in pages : 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Page Number Page Offset
The address of any location within the 4K word ( 12 - bit ) address space where the machine was reading instructions could be thought of as being divided into two parts , a 5 - bit page number and a 7 - bit page offset .
This meant that the machine was always executing instructions from some “ current page ” as determined by the uppermost 5 bits of current instruction 's address .
Therefore , if the Page bit in the MRI instruction was set to ' 1 ' , the lower 7 bits of any memory reference instruction ( MRI ) would refer to a word within the same page as the instruction itself .
And if the MRI instruction 's Page bit was set to ' 0 ' , the instruction 's lower 7 bits would always refer to a word in the first page of the machine 's memory , page zero .
This simple and economical solution was remarkably efficient .
Data that needed to be accessed from anywhere within a program could be placed in the machine 's first 128 words ( page zero ) of memory where any MRI instruction located anywhere could reference it .
And data that was only being used locally could be placed somewhere within the same page as the referencing code .
And if page zero were to fill - up with highly referenced data , a word in the current page could be used to point to another word anywhere through the use of indirection .
The PDP - 8 succeeded like no other computer ever had
because everything about its design reflected
a carefully conceived minimalism .
People fell in love with the machine , and for me at age 16 , it was love at first sight .
Even today , after nearly 40 years of saturation exposure to computers and computer technology , for me there is something hauntingly right about what DEC had the engineering brilliance to create so many years ago .
For that reason more than any other I have wanted to keep them around . . .
Keeping the love alive
I still truly love these machines .
There 's something fundamentally minimal and perfect about the design of the PDP - 8 .
As you 'll see below and on the other pages here , I recently assembled three contemporary PDP - 8 kits created by Bob Armstrong .
Then I re-learned the delightful PDP - 8 assembly language so that I could create some front panel “ Toggle Toys ” to give these new PDP - 8's something fun to do .
ancient PDP - 8 can do useful work and
be a lot of fun today .
It is not just a curio even in the
21st century .
See the page “
to get a sense for all the fun you can have with a PDP - 8 .
Note that even anPDP - 8 can do useful work andbe a lot of fun today .
It is not just a curio even in the 21st century .
See the page “ What a PDP - 8 can do today to get a sense for all the fun you can have with a PDP - 8 .
I , like many others who are about my age and who have fond memories of their first encounters with classic DEC machines , have become a collector of classic DEC PDP - 8 and PDP - 11 computers and peripherals .
My collection is continually growing .
As of the end of 2009 , I own several PDP - 8/ e's , PDP - 8/l's , a PDP - 8 / m and a PDP - 8 / f as well as several PDP - 11/05's and 11/35 's along with some VAX - 11's , various peripherals and plenty of original manuals and related documentation .
While most people are n't lucky enough to own a real PDP - 8 ( and they are pretty large , noisy and power hungry )
Bob 's beautiful PDP - 8 kits make owning an actual working PDP - 8 possible !
They are able to run the PDP - 8's standard DEC operating system , OS / 8 and all of its many languages , programs and utilities .
As an assembly language programmer , the PDP - 11 and VAX - 11 instruction sets are especially appealing since DEC 's engineers deliberately designed those machines to be pleasant to program in assembly language .
Unlike today 's systems , where the assumption is that very little will be written by humans in the machine 's assembly language , back then the machines were programmed in their native assembly language more often than not .
I cannot spare the time to play with them right now .
But I want to rescue any machines I find today so that they do n't wind up in someone 's dumpster .
What a tragedy that would be !
And I do plan to spend many enjoyable years in the future refurbishing , restoring , and resurrecting them all — if I ever find the time to retire !
A modern recreation of a timeless classic
One morning in late 2008 , while I was nostalgically Googling through the Internet 's PSP - 8 memorabilia , I stumbled upon Bob Armstrong 's “ SpareTimeGizmos ” web site . . . and I was amazed !
Many years before , Bob had created a single board computer , the SBC6120 , around a limited supply of Harris Semiconductor HD6120 chips .
The HD6120 was a single CMOS chip implementation of the complete PDP - 8 .
It was an entire PDP - 8 on a chip !
Bob had produced kits , not only to allow hobbyists to build complete working PDP - 8 systems around this chip , but he went as far as to create a close copy of the original PDP - 8's front panel with its lights and switches !
Bob Armstrong 's SBC6120 & Front Panel ( see mine here ! )
At the time , no more kits were available , so I contacted Bob just to register my interest in the event that he might ever bring the kits back to life .
I discovered that he was about to do just that !
To make a long story short , I purchased and assembled — and had a lot of fun programming — three of Bob 's kits .
The possibility to own a piece of computing history !
NOTICE !
Every previous production run of Bob 's unique PDP - 8 kit have always
sold out completely ( and quickly ) .
At the beginning of February 2010 , after
sufficient interest in one last round of PDP - 8 kits was confirmed , Bob Armstrong
placed the production orders for what will almost certainly be the last round of
availability there will ever be .
Once they have sold - out , they will be gone forever .
If you are interested , there is no time to waste .
See the "
must immediately jump on board if you are interested !
Every previous production run of Bob 's unique PDP - 8 kit have alwayssold out completely ( and quickly ) . , aftersufficient interest inof PDP - 8 kits was confirmed , Bob Armstrongplaced the production orders for what will almost certainly be the last round ofavailability there will ever be .
Once they have sold - out , they will be gone forever .
If you are interested , there is no time to waste .
See the " How YOU can own
your own " page for all the details .
It is strictly first - come - first - served , so youmustjump on board if you are interested !
See the links below to take a quick tour of my fall 2009
PDP - 8 kit building and code writing adventure . . .
High up , perched among the remote hilltops of eastern Nepal , sits a shaman , resting on his haunches in long grass .
He is dressed simply , in a dark waistcoat and traditional kurta tunic with a Nepalese cap sitting snugly on his head .
To his left and right , two men hold recording devices several feet from his face , listening patiently to his precious words .
His tongue elicits sounds alien to all but a few people in the world , unfamiliar even to those who inhabit his country .
His eyes flicker with all the intensity of a man reciting for the first time to a western audience his tribe 's version of the Book of Genesis , its myth of origins .
The shaman 's story is centuries old , passed down from one generation to the next through chants , poems , songs , proverbs and plain story - telling .
Yet this narrative and , indeed , his entire language have never been recorded in text .
And , faced with the onslaught of rapid globalisation and social change , they are dying .
Whether it be through well - intentioned national education programmes in Nepalese , the younger generation leaving for bigger Asian cities or simply the death of elders , the day when no one will speak the ancient tongue of the Rai tribe is fast approaching .
The plight of the shaman 's language and that of his community is by no means confined to this small , but beautiful area of Nepal ; it is the apparent fate of thousands of ' communities , societies and indigenous groups all around the world .
But not if Dr Mark Turin can help it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The University of Cambridge academic is leading a project that aims to pull thousands of languages back from the brink of extinction by recording and archiving words , poems , chants – anything that can be committed to tape – in a bid to halt their destruction .
Languages the majority of us will never know anything about .
Of the world 's 6,500 living languages , around half are expected to die out by the end of this century , according to Unesco .
Just 11 are spoken by more than half the earth 's population , so it is little wonder that those used by only a few are being left behind as we become a more homogenous , global society .
In short , 95 per cent of the world 's languages are spoken by only five per cent of its population – a remarkable level of linguistic diversity stored in tiny pockets of speakers around the world .
In a small office room in the back of Cambridge 's Museum of Archaeology & Anthropology – a place in which you almost expect Harrison Ford to walk around the corner at any moment , fedora on head , whip in hand – Turin looks over the contents of a box that arrived earlier in the morning from India .
" [ The receptionists ] are quite used to getting these boxes now , " says the 36 - year - old anthropologist , who is based at the university .
Inside the box , which is covered in dozens of rupee postage stamps , are DVDs representing hours of chants , songs , poems and literature from a tiny Indian community that is desperate for its language to have a voice and be included in Turin 's venture .
For many of these communities , the oral tradition is at the heart of their culture .
The stories they tell are creative works as well as communicative .
Unlike the languages with celebrated written traditions , such as Sanskrit , Hebrew and Ancient Greek , few indigenous communities – from the Kallawaya tribe in Bolivia and the Maka in Paraguay to the Siberian language of Chulym , to India 's Arunachal Pradesh state Aka group and the Australian Aboriginal Amurdag community – have recorded their own languages or ever had them recorded .
Until now .
Turin launched the World Oral Literature Project earlier this year with an aim to document and make accessible endangered languages before they disappear without trace .
He is trying to encourage indigenous communities to collaborate with anthropologists around the world to record what he calls " oral literature " through video cameras , voice recorders and other multimedia tools by awarding grants from a £ 30,000 pot that the project has secured this year .
The idea is to collate this literature in a digital archive that can be accessed on demand and will make the nuts and bolts of lost cultures readily available .
As useful as this archive will be for Western academic study – the World Oral Literature Project is convening for its first international workshop in Cambridge this week – Turin believes it is of vital importance that the scheme also be used by the communities he and his researchers are working with .
The project suggested itself when Turin was teaching in Nepal .
He wanted to study for a PhD in endangered languages and , while discussing it with his professor at Leiden University in the Netherlands , was drawn to a map on his tutor 's wall .
The map was full of pins of a variety of colours which represented all the world 's languages that were completely undocumented .
At random , Turin chose a " pin " to document .
It happened to belong to the Thangmi tribe , an indigenous community in the hills east of Kathmandu , the capital of Nepal .
" Many of the choices anthropologists and linguists who work on these traditional field - work projects take are quite random , " he admits .
" There 's a lot of serendipity involved . "
Continuing his work with the Thangmi community in the 1990s , Turin began to record the language he was hearing , realising that not only was this language and its culture entirely undocumented , it was known to few outside the tiny community .
He set about trying to record their language and myth of origins ( see box , page 17 ) .
" I wrote 1,000 pages of grammar in English that nobody could use – but I realised that was n't enough .
It was n't enough for me , it was n't enough for them .
It simply was n't going to work as something for the community .
So then I produced this trilingual word list in Thangmi , Nepali and English . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In short , it was the first ever publication of that language .
That small dictionary is still sold in local schools for a modest 20 rupees , and used as part of a wider cultural regeneration process to educate children about their heritage ' and language .
The task is no small undertaking : Nepal itself is a country of massive ethnic and linguistic diversity , home to 100 languages from four different language families .
What 's more , ever fewer ethnic Thangmi speak the Thangmi language .
Many of the community members have taken to speaking Nepali , the national language taught in schools and spread through the media , and community elders are dying without passing on their knowledge .
Since the project got under way , along with similar ventures by the National Geographic initiative Enduring Voices , the Hans Rausing Endangered Languages Project and the Arcadia Fund , many more communities around the world have similarly either requested inclusion or responded to the suggestion that their language is in need of recording .
( One task involved making recordings of ceremonial chants of the Barasana language , spoken by just 1,890 people in the Vaupés region of Columbia . )
The lexicographer Dr Sarah Ogilvie worked with the Umagico Aboriginal community at Cape York Peninsula in northern Australia , for example .
Like Turin , she developed an entire dictionary of the community 's language , Morrobalama – the first time their purely oral language had ever been written and recorded .
Living with the community for a year - and - a - half in difficult conditions and being the only non-native person in the group , she began learning the language from scratch , as no one spoke English .
" As a lexicographer , I wanted to look at how we could write better dictionaries of languages that are dying – that not only preserve the language , but can be used as practical tools themselves , " says Ogilvie .
After learning Morrobalama orally , she started her dictionary by writing the words down in the International Phonetic Alphabet .
Then , by looking for patterns in the sounds , she was able to come up with a unique writing system .
" I was lucky in the sense that no one else had tried to record the language before ; often for linguists , the situation is made more complex if someone has already attempted to record the language before them – it may have been written badly , yet you can't erase it and the community might have actually become quite attached to it . "
Despite Turin 's enthusiasm for his subject , he is baffled by many linguists ' refusal to engage in the issue he is working on .
" Of the 6,500 languages spoken on Earth , many do not have written traditions and many of these spoken forms are endangered , " he says .
" There are more linguists in universities around the world than there are spoken languages – but most of them are n't working on this issue .
To me it 's amazing that in this day and age , we still have an entirely incomplete image of the world 's linguistic diversity .
People do PhDs on the apostrophe in French , yet we still do n't know how many languages are spoken .
" When a language becomes endangered , so too does a cultural world view .
We want to engage with indigenous people to document their myths and folklore , which can be harder to find funding for if you are based outside Western universities .
If you are a Himalayan tribesman , you might not have access to a video camera to record your shaman and elders . "
While these languages may seem remote and distant , it is worth remembering that British languages such as Welsh and Gaelic were in danger of becoming extinct not so long ' ago .
In fact , Turin admits that these languages , too , including Cornish , need considerable effort to keep them going .
" People often think it 's only tribal cultures that are under threat .
But all over Europe there are pockets of traditional communities and speech forms that have become extinct .
It is the domain of stronger nation states with better resources to look after their own indigenous tongues , through Welsh - language TV , for example , and for those from north - western France , Breton literature . "
Similar to the introduction of the Welsh Language Act in 1993 , the Scottish Government is moving to protect and promote Gaelic .
A new agreement means that Gaelic can now be used formally in meetings between Scottish government ministers and EU officials .
An extra £ 800,000 was also pledged for a project promoting Gaelic in schools , taking the level of funding to £ 2.15 m .
Nevertheless , Scottish Gaelic is not one of the EU 's list of 23 " official " languages .
Yet , despite the struggles facing initiatives such as the World Oral Literature Project , there are historical examples that point to the possibility that language restoration is no mere academic pipe dream .
The revival of a modern form of Hebrew in the 19th century is often cited as one of the best proofs that languages long dead , belonging to small communities , can be resurrected and embraced by a large number of people .
By the 20th century , Hebrew was well on its way to becoming the main language of the Jewish population of both Ottoman and British Palestine .
It is now spoken by more than seven million people in Israel .
Turin 's projects receive a tiny fraction of the amounts spent in the UK on promoting language , but he believes there is much more at stake than even language and culture in the communities he works with : their extinction hints at dangers for the very biodiversity of their homelands , too .
Experts now agree that there is a correlation between areas of cultural , linguistic and biological diversity .
The mountain ranges , rivers and gorges that might isolate a human community and lead to the development of their specific native tongue are often the same geographical features that give rise to specialised ecosystems .
" The more flora and fauna you have , the more you can eat , therefore the less people have to trade , minimising the effects of interaction with other outside influences , " he says .
" In parts of Papua New Guinea , for example , five minutes away from your house you have everything you need to survive .
Places that are diverse in species are diverse in languages and cultures . "
In other words , if the locals start speaking other languages , it is indicative of a growing outside influence – and that can be bad news for the ecology .
Yet , despite the difficulties these communities face in saving their languages , Dr Turin believes that the fate of the world 's endangered languages is not sealed , and globalisation is not necessarily the nefarious perpetrator of evil it is often presented to be .
" I call it the globalisation paradox : on the one hand globalisation and rapid socio- economic change are the things that are eroding and challenging diversity .
But on the other , globalisation is providing us with new and very exciting tools and facilities to get to places to document those things that globalisation is eroding .
Also , the communities at the coal - face of change are excited by what globalisation has to offer . "
In the meantime , the race is on to collect and protect as many of the languages as possible , so that the Rai Shaman in eastern Nepal and those in the generations that follow him , can continue their traditions and have a sense of identity .
And it certainly is a race : Turin knows his project 's limits and believes it inevitable that a large number of those languages will disappear .
" We have to be wholly realistic .
A project like ours is in no position , and was not designed , to keep languages alive .
The only people who can help languages survive are the people in those communities themselves .
They need to be reminded that it 's good to speak their own language and I think we can help them do that – becoming modern does n't mean you have to lose your language . "
Vanishing Voices : Dr Mark Turin discusses endangered languages
To see and hear recordings of the Thangmi in Nepal : www.digitalhimalaya.com/collections/thangmiarchive/thangmifilm.php.
For more on National Geographic 's Enduring Voices project : nationalgeographic.com/mission/enduringvoices .
For more information visit the Hans Rausing Endangered Languages Project , www.hrelp.org and the World Oral Literature Project , www.oralliterature.org
Home Donate New Search Gallery Reviews How - To Books Links Workshops About Contact
Nikon 13 mm f/5.6
" The Holy Grail ; " World 's Widest Pro Lens ( 1976 -1998 )
Nikon 13 mm f/5.6 AI -s ( includes rear bayonet filters , 43.2 oz./1,225g , 1'/0.3 m close - focus ) .
enlarge .
I got mine over ten years ago at this link to them at eBay .
On very rare occasion they 'll appear used at Amazon .
This ad - free website 's biggest source of support is when you use those or any of these links to my personally - approved sources when you get anything , regardless of the country in which you live .
Thanks for helping me help you !
Ken .
July 2018 Nikon Reviews Nikon Lenses Nikon Flash All Reviews
Optics : Unequaled special - purpose lens
Ergonomics : much larger than you expect
Usefulness : Widest non-fisheye Nikon lens ever made
Availability : usually have to wait a few years at eBay
Overall :
Ideal Uses : Perfect for use on FX digital and film for ultra-ultra wide shots .
Not for :
It 's a complete waste to use it on a DX camera .
How to Use Ultrawide Lenses
Ultra-Ultrawides compared
Nikon Ultra-Ultrawide Lens Comparison
Introduction top
Intro Specs Performance Usage Recommendations
Compatibility History Production Pricing Future Value
Double Rainbow .
Nikon 13 mm f/5.6 AI -s shot on a D3. enlarge .
This double rainbow did n't fit into the FX frame with a 14 mm lens , and certainly did n't fit into a DX frame with a 10 mm lens .
The 13 mm is Nikon 's greatest lens .
It is Nikon 's greatest lens because not only is it big and supremely expensive , it is Nikon's , and perhaps photography 's , greatest lens because it lets us make photographs we can make no other way .
The Nikon 13 mm is the world 's widest non-distorting professional SLR lens ever made , by anyone , in any format .
It allows us to get closer to our subjects , stretch distances and create images from perspectives otherwise unimaginable .
Forget about ever seeing one ; only about 350 were made , and only to special order .
That means less than one out of every 100,000 lenses Nikon has ever made is a 13 mm .
Forget about finding one anyplace other than eBay , where they turn up a couple of times a year in various places around the world .
The creation of each sample of 13 mm lens was always met with much fanfare in Japan .
Rumor has it that not only was each lens blessed by a Shinto priest , but that domestic ( Japanese ) customers were invited to their lens ' ceremony .
I 've wanted one of these 13 mm lenses ever since I first read about it in the 1970s .
In the 1980s I made a pilgrimage to Nikon House in Rockefeller Center , New York City , just to see one .
Nikon House was a promotional operation that offered free cleanings and showcased all Nikon products .
It was n't a store .
I asked if I could touch one , and I was granted my wish .
I was n't allowed to walk outside to take any pictures , but at least I got to see one .
Wow .
Think the newest 14 - 24 mm zoom is a pig ?
This 13 mm is 20 % heavier and 20 % bigger around !
I never saw one again until recently , when by virtue of the fact that the whole world recognizes me via this website , I was invited to Dubai by a collector .
This means I 've only seen two in over thirty years of looking , and for all I know , the one in Dubai may have been the same sample I saw at Nikon House .
This is why photographers call it the Holy Grail .
We know it 's out there somewhere , but we doubt we 'll ever find it , even if it was shown in every Nikon catalog and brochure for about twenty years .
Nikon was always screwing with us by waving this $ 50,000 lens around every chance they got .
You 'd never see it at trades shows or in person : it was only seen in the catalogs .
It always turned up in every camera brochure , since every camera brochure listed the lenses towards the back of the flayer .
It was a " Halo " lens , made to add perceived value over everything else Nikon did , even if they never sold any of these .
It was done , like America 's multiple Moon landings , to show the world who was boss .
Like the Holy Grail , but unlike many other expensive photo trinkets sought by whack - job collectors , the 13 mm has always been an extremely useful lens , even when new .
It has always been ridiculously expensive , used or new , precisely because it is so universally useful to creative photographers .
Even if it was n't so useful and unique , the simple fact that every collector seeks it is another reason its price remains crazy .
No Nikon collection is even half complete without at least one of these .
Collectors are funny ; serious collectors will have at least three of these , one in each version made over the years .
Big , long , telephoto lenses are not great , even though they impress beginners .
Every camera maker : Nikon , Canon , Minolta , Pentax , Zeiss , Leica , the Russians and more , all make big telephotos .
So what ?
Photography is about getting close .
Long lenses are for photographers who lack the skills to get close .
Great animal photographers know how to get right up to wild animals ; they do n't need 400 mm lenses .
Great sports photographers get themselves invited to the athlete 's home or out onto the field ; they do n't get stuck in a press box a mile away .
Jamming a telescope onto your camera does n't make it a great lens , and having to shoot from that far away not only makes for uninvolving photos , the intervening air , air currents , heat waves , haze and etc. all add up to weak images .
Any amateur astronomer has bigger , longer optics to attach to their cameras than anything made by camera companies .
Wide lenses have never been for " getting it all in . "
Wide lenses have always been about letting us get closer and creating images with extraordinary power and impact .
Ultra-ultra wides are for expanding perspective and expanding depth .
Ultra-ultra wides are for creating images that grab the viewer and drag him into the middle of whatever it is that you 're photographing .
This is so critical that I have an entire article on How to Use Ultrawide Lenses .
Nikon 13/5.6. enlarge .
Compatibility back to intro back to top
The Nikon 13 mm is compatible with every decent Nikon SLR ever made , from the original Nikon F of 1959 through today 's FX and 35 mm cameras .
The newest upper - end digital Nikons are fully compatible , and even have this lens programmed into their firmware for non-CPU Lens Data !
If you have one of the less than 40 non -AI 13 mm lenses from 1976 - 1977 , be sure to have it factory upgraded to AI .
On the FX and better DX cameras , set the " Non - CPU Lens Data " menu to 13 mm and f / 5.6 .
This gives full matrix metering and EXIF data , and finder read - out of set aperture .
It works great in aperture - preferred as well as manual modes on these cameras .
It works perfectly every professional 35 mm camera ( F , F2 , F3 , F4 , F5 , F6 ) , and adds Matrix metering on the FA , F4 and F6 , although it wo n't couple well to the cheaper DX and cheaper 35 mm cameras ( N80 and below ) .
See Nikon Lens Compatibility for details with your camera .
Read down the " AI , AI - s " column for this 13 mm .
History back to intro back to top
1971
Designed by Ikuo Mori , who applied for a U.S. Patent on 21 March 1972 .
1973 April 17th
U.S. Patent 3,728,011 was granted , and the first prototype was made .
1976 March ~ 1977
The first version of this 13 mm lens was released as a non -AI lens .
Nikon made only about 40 of these non-AI versions .
1977 June ~ 1982 March
Updated to AI .
Nikon made only about only ten of these AI versions .
Of course anyone who owned the non -AI version most likely had it converted to AI by Nikon for $ 25 back in the 1980s or 1990s .
1982 March ~ 1998
Nikon updated the 13 mm to the latest AI -s version .
Nikon made about 300 of this AI -s version .
The sample used for most of these illustrations was made in about July 1984 .
Included
Nikon CL - 14 case and capped 13 mm f /5.6. enlarge .
Nikon 13 mm , ensemble as shipped .
Photo courtesy eBay seller Chamster71 . enlarge .
When new , it includes the lens and caps , CL - 14 lens case and strap , four filters , CA - 2 filter case , warranty and instructions .
Three filters sit in the CA - 2 filter case and the fourth L1 BC is shipped on the back of the lens .
The CA - 2 filter case fits in a secret compartment in the top of the case .
The capped lens fits in the CL - 14 lens case , and the CL - 14 case sits in the box and eliminates the need for any sculpted foam .
Pricing back to intro back to top
You do n't want to read this part .
This was Nikon 's most expensive of all its expensive lenses .
Nikon 's suggested retail price was $ 8,229 in 1979 , which , considering inflation , is a little over $ 28,000 in 2018 .
The 13 mm cost more than the no-longer - made 300 mm f/2 , which now sells for five - figures used .
The 13 mm was double the cost of the 300 mm f/2.8 or twelve times the cost of the 16 mm fisheye .
B&H advertised it at deep discount at $ 5,569 in January 1987 , equal to $ 12,700 today with inflation — long before these became collectible .
Back then B&H also sold the collectible 58 mm f/1.2 Noct - NIKKOR for just $ 800 new , which is easily found today as Nikon made over 10,000 NOCTs , and even they sell for over $ 3,000 used today .
These were sort of like buying Apple stock in 1987 .
Do the math , and if you apply the same price multiplication of the common 58 mm NOCT to the rare 13 mm you 're back at $ 50,000 today .
If you found one in 2008 when I first wrote this review , you 'd expect to pay a minimum of $ 5,500 for a beater lens without its case or filters , $ 10,000 for one in OK shape complete with case , caps and filters , and $ 20,000 or more for one unused in the box complete with papers .
As of 2016 , a friend sold one in nice shape ( no box or anything ) for $ 26,000 .
In 2017 you could expect to pay $ 25,000 for a well - worn sample , $ 30,000 or more for one in good shape with case , caps and filters , and $ 40,000 or more for one still in the box .
As of 2018 , these usually list around $ 50,000 ~ $ 60,000 if they are complete with case , cap and filters .
The cases have usually deteriorated , but at least one bayonet filter ( usually the L1BC ) must be mounted to the back of the lens at all times in order to focus properly .
Often you 'll see these offered missing a rear filter without which the lens can't focus properly .
While the rear cap is standard , the exotic front cap is unique to , and therefore rarer than this lens since they get lost more often , without which you can't store or transport the lens safely .
In July 2018 one sold for $ 30,000 with all caps , all filters and cases .
The main case was aged , but everything else was in little - used condition , with unused still - wrapped filters and filter case but no box and noinstruction sheet .
Future Value back to intro back to top
While no one knows the future ( if we did we'd all have invested in Microsoft and Apple back when this lens was introduced and have retired decades ago ) , the great thing about this classic lens is that it is 100 % metal and glass and 0 % plastic , wood or electronics .
While the fake leather cases usually degrade , just like classic LEICA cameras and lenses that easily sell for over a million dollars today , there is nothing likely to fall apart or become unrepairable unless you deliberately damage the glass or metal .
Other than maybe needing the lubricants changed every 50 years or so , this investment stored properly , like gold or diamonds , can last hundreds of years .
You can collect this like fine art , and it's not even as picky about storage conditions .
Unlike some art with poorly prepared canvases , the paint is n't going to fall off this masterpiece .
Specifications top
Intro Specs Performance Usage Recommendations
Name back to Specs top
Nikon calls this the Nikon AI Nikkor 13 mm f/5.6s .
The " s " after 5.6 is how they designate what we today call AI - S lenses , as " s " is a linear diaphragm actuator to improve automatic diaphragm control in 1980s cameras like the FA that can control this diaphragm automatically .
Actual ( Design ) Focal Length back to Specs top
13.3 mm .
You 're not being cheated ; Nikon 's 50 mm lenses are really 51.6 mm , for instance .
Used on a DX camera it gives angles of view similar to what a 20 mm lens would give on an FX or 35 mm film camera .
See also Crop Factor .
Angles of View back to Specs top
FX and Film DX Diagonal 118 º 95 º Horizontal 108º 84 º Vertical 85 º 63 º
Optics back to Specs top
Nikon 13 mm f/5.6 Optical Construction .
16 elements in 12 groups .
Nikon Integrated Coating ( NIC ) Multicoating .
Close - Range Correction ( CRC ) : rear elements are floating .
Diaphragm back to Specs top
7 traditional blades , stopping down to f/22 .
Close Focus back to Specs top
1 foot ( 0.3 m ) .
Depth - of Field Scale back to Specs top
Nikon 13 mm. enlarge .
Yes ; color coded .
Infra-Red Focus Index back to Specs top
Yes .
Since the depth - of - field is almost unlimited and the offset is only 1/3 of the way to the f /5.6 mark , you can probably forget about this .
It 's easiest to focus by scale , so for IR , set your distance at the red dot instead of the white line .
Filters back to Specs top
The 13 mm comes with a set of four rear bayonet filters .
Included Nikon CA - 2 Filter Wallet .
Inside of included Nikon CA - 2 filter wallet .
The L1BC comes attached to the lens .
This 13 mm AI -s comes with an L1 Bc skylight ( Nikon part number 2366 ) filter on the back of the lens .
The B2 cooling , O56 orange and A2 mild warming filters are shipped wrapped in plastic in the CA - 2 wallet , which is inside the CL - 14 lens case .
The older AI version came with N ( clear ) , Y48 yellow , O56 orange and R60 for B / W film .
This is all fine and dandy , however for digital the best filter is the L37c , Nikon part number 2369 .
( The L1 Bc is very slightly magenta . )
For Fuji Velvia 50 and other transparency film , use the A2 .
These bayonet filters are standard on Nikons widest lenses , and are used today and included with Nikon 's 16 mm AF - D fisheye .
Any of these filters are interchangeable for use on any of Nikon 's 15 mm f/3.5 AI -s and 16 mm f/2.8 manual and AF lenses .
Size back to Specs top
3.48 " extension from flange ( 3.93 " overall ) x 4.53 " diameter .
88.5 mm extension from flange ( 100 mm overall ) x 115 mm diameter .
Weight back to Specs top
43.200 oz . ( 1,224.7g ) actual measured weight with one rear filter ( no caps ) , AI -s version .
Weight with both caps and rear filter , no cases or other filters : 48.110 oz . ( 1,363.9g ) .
115 K cap alone : 4.590 oz. ( 130.1g ) .
For just the lens , Nikon specifies 2.6 pounds ( 42.3 oz. , or 1.2 kg or 1,200g ) for this AI -s version , and 1,240g for the older AI version .
Caps back to Specs top
Nikon 115 K front slip - on cap . enlarge .
115 K felt - lined metal slip - on front cap .
It 's assembled from several other pieces .
Standard LF - 1 rear cap .
Cases back to Specs top
The 13 mm comes with two cases .
The lens case is the CL - 14 , and the CA - 2 filter case fits inside a secret compartment in the lid of the larger CL14 lens case .
Both cases are made in Japan .
Hood back to Specs top
None , use your hand or hat as a gobo .
The built - in petals are to protect the glass from damage , not from flare .
Teleconverters back to Specs top
The ultimate in foolishness , Nikon suggests the TC - 14A , which makes this into an 18 mm f/8 , and the TC - 200 and TC - 201 which makes this a 26 mm f/11 .
Nikon Product Number back to Specs top
1410 .
Included back to Specs top
CL - 14 Corinthian
Leather case , inside of which sits a small CA - 2 filter case with three bayonet filters : A2 warming , B2 cooling and O56 orange .
Mounted on the back of the 13 mm lens is an L1 BC skylight filter .
Performance top
Intro Specs Performance Usage Recommendations
Overall Bokeh Cold Weather Color Coma Distortion
Ergonomics Falloff Filters Focus & Finders Ghosts
Mechanics Sharpness & Lateral Color Sunstars Comparisons
Nikon 13 mm on an F3. enlarge .
Overall back to Performance top
Just as no man or nation has repeated America 's multiple landings of men on the moon , there has never been any lens equal to Nikon 's 13 mm .
Not only does the 13 mm cover a wider undistorted angle than any other professional SLR lens ever made , it does so with much less distortion Nikon 's ordinary normal and wide lenses !
It 's slow , at f / 5.6 , however it 's unusual in having been designed to perform well at full aperture .
Falloff and definition does n't improve much stopped down ; shoot at f /5.6 all the time if you like .
Depth - of - field is so great that it 's unusual that you 'd need to stop down .
The 13 mm works great on all Nikon FX and 35 mm cameras .
While it 's not exactly as sharp as a Micro - NIKKOR , there 's loads of detail pulled out of it when shot on the D850 .
Bokeh back to Performance top
13 mm f/5.6 lenses have no bokeh , silly , since you can't get anything out of focus !
Cold Weather back to Performance top
At 40 ºF ( 5 ºC ) , the focus gets much stiffer .
This is good , because you want the focus to stay where you 've set it so it does n't get knocked and have you shooting at the 1 foot setting all day without realizing it .
Color Balance back to Performance top
Color balance varies from center to edge .
This is called peripheral color balance shift and I cover it under Falloff .
Overall , the color balance of the Nikon 13 mm matches my other modern and AF lenses .
Coma back to Performance top
The 13 mm , with a maximum speed of f /5.6 , does n't have any obvious coma ( sagittal coma flare ) .
Coma is weird smeared blobs that appear around bright points of light in the corners .
They happen with fast and wide lenses at large apertures , but since this 13 mm is so slow , its not a problem .
Distortion back to Performance top
Floor , hand - held .
enlarge .
Nikon D3 , f /5.6 at 1/15 , ISO 2,500 .
The 13 mm f/5.6 has astoundingly little distortion .
Most normal and common wide lenses have more !
Your biggest issue will be keeping your rig square more than worrying about any curvilinear distortion of the 13 mm lens .
This lack of distortion is another reason the 13 mm is one of Mankind 's crowning technical achievements .
Nikon has a hard enough time making a 35 mm or 28 mm lens without distortion , yet this 13 mm has far less .
I 'm serious : Nikon 's newest 50 mm f/1.4 AF - S has a zillion times more distortion . ; a shot of this closet floor with most lenses would have a big bulge in the center and curved lines at the sides .
There is no significant distortion on FX .
Dubai Coast . enlarge .
Nikon D3 , f/16 at 1/250 , ISO 200 .
Try getting the horizon this tight and straight across the top of an image .
You can't do it with most lenses , and certainly not zooms .
If you 're silly enough to shoot the 13 mm on DX where you only use the center of the image , dial + 2 into Photoshop CS2's lens distortion filter .
Ergonomics back to Performance top
Shooting with the 13 mm is like putting a three - pound ( 1.5 kg ) grapefruit on the front of your camera .
Focus is weird .
You turn a ring that 's five inches ( 115 mm ) in diameter !
It 's deliberately stiff since you should be focusing by scale , not through the finder , as covered at Focus .
It 's easy to read the aperture in the finder of digital cameras because the aperture is read electronically , but many 35 mm cameras like the F3 , FE and F4 read it directly from the lens with an ADR ( Aperture - Direct Readout ) .
Since the huge lens tends to leave the aperture ring in shadow , many owners remove the aperture coupling prong ( only needed with pre-1977 cameras ) to let more ambient light shine on the aperture ring .
The sample shown here is missing this prong .
The prong is standard if you get a 13 mm that 's missing it and want to replace it with one from any other AI - S lens .
It 's easy to change the apertures with a fingertip while sighting through the finder .
Falloff ( dark corners ) back to Performance top
Falloff is n't a problem , even wide - open .
Falloff improves a little at f/8 , and that 's as good as it gets .
The biggest concern is peripheral color balance shift .
Like most ultrawide lenses , the color balance gets cooler as you get to the corners .
This is caused by the change in the spectral efficiency of the anti-reflection coatings at odd angles .
The huge angles covered by the 13 mm invite this problem .
If you shoot walls with this lens , it will be square , but the color balance shifts in the corners !
If you need to correct this , try adjustment layer masks in Photoshop , working on each color channel separately .
Add more red to the corners .
Servants ' Day Quarters , Small Private Home , Dubai . enlarge .
Nikon D3 , Auto ISO set ISO 360 , f / 5.6 at 1/8 second , exactly as shot hand - held .
Filters , use with back to Performance top
There are no filters that will fit over the front , and even if you had some custom - made , you would n't want to use them because any dirt on them would be in focus in your images .
The 13 mm f /5.6 uses rear bayonet filters .
It comes included with all that you 'll ever likely need .
The 13 mm is designed to have a rear filter in place at all times .
If you are missing the filter , you wo n't be able to focus to infinity !
L1 BC filter attached to the rear of 13 mm Nikon. enlarge .
You can tell if you have a rear bayonet filter attached because it has a black ring and is engraved " Nikon JAPAN " along with the kind of filter .
If you 're missing the filter , you 'll just see three silver lugs to which the filter should be attached and wo n't be able to get sharp images
The A2 is for most shooting with transparency film , if you 're like me and prefer warmer images .
The L1BC is for shooting in daylight and for all conditions with digital , although the L37c ( optional ) is more neutral .
The B2 is for partial correction shooting film under tungsten light .
The O56 is for black - and - white film .
Other colors have been available , for instance , Y48 yellow and R60 red , but that 's about it .
There was never an A12 or B8 or B12 , as Nikon made in other sizes .
Nikon 's 39 mm screw - in filters , used at the back of reflex and super - tele lenses , are completely unrelated and incompatible with these smaller bayonet filters , although many people confuse the two .
Focus and Finders back to Performance top
Depth - of field is almost unlimited .
At its worst wide - open and focused at infinity , depth of field is from infinity to 3 ½ feet ( 1 m ) .
Focused at 1.5 feet ( 0.4 m ) at f/16 , everything from infinity to 9 inches ( 0.2 m ) is in focus .
When we say 0.75 feet ( 0.2 m ) , that means from the film plane ( the back of the camera ) , which means 2 inches ( 5 cm ) from the front of the lens !
Since depth of field is almost unlimited , turning the huge focus ring does n't do much of anything as seen through the finder .
This lens is n't focused through the finder , we focus instead by scale : guess the distance and set it on the focus ring .
Be careful , it 's just as easy to leave the lens set at 1 foot all day and not realize it until you enlarge the images later .
Therefore manual focus is deliberately stiff , just like on the 8 mm Fisheye .
This is because we set this lens for each kind of situation , and leave the focus set there .
The extreme depth of field means everything is always in focus , unless you 're stopping to do an extreme close up .
Forget manual - focus camera focusing aids : your split image will always be black , and the microprisms will usually be dark .
Forget it !
Digital cameras have finder screens optimized for today 's slow zooms , which means they 're conveniently optimized for this f /5.6 lens .
Not only are the finders brighter , but the electronic focus aids of AF cameras work far better than any of the split - images or microprisms of old .
Since manual focus aids black out on manual - focus film cameras , Nikon suggests avoiding the standard K focus screens as well as the A , L , T and P screens .
Nikon instead suggests the B , E , H2 , J or R screens .
No compensation is needed with any I 've mentioned , except for dialing in - 1/2 stop with the H2 , on the F2 , only .
The 13 mm f/5.6 performs even better on digital cameras than it ever did on film .
This is because its f /5.6 aperture gave a dim and crummy finder image on film cameras , which were optimized for faster lenses .
That 's right : this 13 mm manual - focus lens is easier and more fun to use on today 's FX cameras than it ever was on the F , F2 and F3 of its own era .
Ghosts back to Performance top
NIKKOR 13 mm f/5.6. enlarge .
It has some ghosts when pointed into the sun ; a hair less than the 20/4 AI .
There is a bright violet blob or two opposite the sun , if the sun is in the image , or just outside it , and a small pinkish one in the direction of the sun .
If the sun 's outside the image , block it with your hand .
If the sun is in your image , you may have a string of small ghosts towards the center of the image .
Like other Nikkor fishbowl ( not fisheye ) lenses , the huge bowl catches light from every angle , it bounces around , and comes out in weird places .
If you have a broad expanse of sky , or shoot with an open window to your side just out of the image , you can get a dim blue blob opposite the source of light .
As always , shield the 13 mm f/5.6 from this and the problem goes away .
Nikon 's newer and simpler 15 mm f/3.5 AI -s is much worse .
The only lens much better is Nikon 's newest 14 - 24 mm , however the 14 - 24 mm has much more distortion and wo n't work on most Nikon cameras made over the years .
Stairs leading to Servants ' Entrance , Small Private Home , Dubai . enlarge .
Nikon D3 , Auto ISO set ISO 450 , f/11 at 1/2 second , exactly as shot hand - held .
Mechanics and Construction back to Performance top
The NIKKOR 13 mm f/5.6s is made as a great lens should be .
It is built to the highest mechanical standard I have ever experienced .
Front Hood
Metal , internally ribbed .
Barrel
Metal .
Focus Ring
Metal , rubber covered .
Aperture Ring
Cast metal .
Finish
Black enamel over black anodized aluminum .
Mount
Dull chromed brass .
Internals
Metal .
Markings
Engraved and filled with paint .
Rear Filter Bayonet
Metal , with metal springs .
Sharpness and Lateral Color Fringes
back to Performance top
When American men returned from the moon , did anyone ask care about the cleanliness of their underwear after three weeks in space ?
When Nikon creates a lens that can see sideways as clearly as it sees forwards , do n't try to compare sharpness to lenses which only see in front of themselves .
If you do , the 13 mm is n't as sharp as other lenses .
This is why you do n't want to use it on a DX camera , for which the $ 307 10 - 20 mm VR DX is superior .
Those plastic DX lenses can't cover FX , film , or the angles covered by the Nikkor 13 mm .
Sure , fisheyes can see sideways , but things on their periphery are squeezed tiny .
Objects in the corners of this 13 mm are actually enlarged to covering almost three times the area that they would in the center .
The 13 mm has enough lateral color that the automatic correction inside Nikon 's second generation digital cameras can't always correct it .
It 's weird , because you 'll see some shots are corrected , while otherwise identical shots in a sequence are n't .
On film this is invisible with an 8 x loupe , and only starting to become visible with a 22 x loupe .
It 's visible on 3,600 DPI film scans , which are 36 x as seen on - screen at 100 % .
Even weirder than weird , Nikon 's Gen 2 ( D3 , D700 , etc. ) cameras are more likely to correct the lateral color at f /5.6 than they are at smaller apertures , so try your system , and do n't discount the potential advantages of shooting at f /5.6 .
There is n't much variation in sharpness with aperture .
Astoundingly , the corners are n't that bad wide - open .
f/11 is optimum , but sharpness honestly does n't vary much .
If you 're in low light , just shoot wide open .
Sunstars back to Performance top
With its straight 7 - bladed diaphragm , the Nikon 13 mm makes magnificent Nikon - standard 14 - pointed sunstars on bright points of light .
Compared to other Nikon 14 mm and 15 mm lenses
back to Performance top
Nikon 13 mm f/5.6 , 15 mm f/5.6 , 15 mm f/3.5 , 14 mm f/2.8 and 14 - 24 mm f/2.8 .
( click to enlarge )
Usage top
Intro Specs Performance Usage Recommendations
See How to Use Ultra -Wideangle Lenses for most of what you need to know .
Specific to the 13 mm f /5.6 , it 's not critical , but you sometimes may need to shield the lens from broad expanses of open windows or sky from shining into the 13 mm from outside the picture area which can lead to big blue blobs on the opposite sides of the photo .
All apertures perform about as well .
If you 're on a tripod , f/11 is optimum , but hand - held , use f/5.6 indoors .
f/5.6 looks better than pushing film or digital a stop to use f/8 .
When used on manual cameras where you 'd like to be able to read the aperture from the lens 's ADR scale in the finder , remove the aperture coupling prong from the f /5.6 position .
This prong serves to couple the lens to cameras made before 1977 , but blocks light from getting to the aperture ring .
The front of the 13 mm is so big that we need all the help we can getting light onto the aperture ring so we can read the apertures in the finder on cameras like the FE , FA and F4 .
Slow speeds work great hand - held .
I get sharp results at least as slow as 1/8 second .
Servant 's Entrance , Small Private Residence , Dubai . enlarge .
Nikon D3 , Auto ISO at ISO 2,500 , f/8 at 1/8 second , exactly as shot hand - held .
Recommendations top
Intro Specs Performance Usage Recommendations
This lens stands out as the widest non-distorting non-fisheye lens ever made by Nikon .
It also stands out for its very low distortion , far less than the 14 mm f/2.8 , 14 - 24 mm or Canon 's 11 - 24 mm , making it ideal for use on film where in - camera corrections do n't exist .
Be sure always to have a rear bayonet filter attached .
If you 're missing the filter you wo n't be able to focus at infinity and wo n't get sharp images .
As of 2018 , these are now in the provenance of collectors and priced way out range for any professional photographer .
If you actually want to shoot an ultra-ultrawide lens , a much smaller , less expensive and less wide alternative that adds autofocus and two stops more speed , albeit with much more distortion , is the fixed 14 mm f/2.8 .
Likewise Nikon 's 14 - 24 mm is more practical , but its use is limited to digital cameras as the 14 - 24 mm can't accept any kind of filter .
While not professional grade , Sigma makes a 12 - 24 mm zoom and you can get Chinese 12 mm lenses that work OK for one - one - hundredth of today 's price for this 13 mm .
More Information
U.S. Patent 3,728,011 .
Acknowledgments
Many thanks to Neptune Photo , who helped me get access to a 13 mm for review ( they had one on consignment ; do n't expect to find any more there ) , and many thanks to a private owner in Dubai who invited me to come evaluate his , and many thanks to avid Nikon collector and eBay seller Chamster71 for providing additional technical information and the image of the boxed , new 13 mm f/5.6 .
© Ken Rockwell .
All rights reserved .
Tous droits réservés .
Alle Rechte vorbehalten .
Help Me Help
You
I support my growing family through this website , as crazy as it might seem .
The biggest help is when you use any of these links when you get anything .
It costs you nothing , and is this site 's , and thus my family 's , biggest source of support .
These places always have the best prices and service , which is why I 've used them since before this website existed .
I recommend them all personally .
If you find this page as helpful as a book you might have had to buy or a workshop you may have had to take , feel free to help me continue helping everyone .
If you 've gotten your gear through one of my links or helped otherwise , you 're family .
It 's great people like you who allow me to keep adding to this site full - time .
Thanks !
If you have n't helped yet , please do , and consider helping me with a gift of $ 5.00 .
As this page is copyrighted and formally registered , it is unlawful to make copies , especially in the form of printouts for personal use .
If you wish to make a printout for personal use , you are granted one - time permission only if you PayPal me $ 5.00 per printout or part thereof .
Thank you !
1 : $ 9.99 USD - monthly 2 : $ 4.99 USD - monthly 3 : $ 2.99 USD - monthly 4 : $ 1.99 USD - monthly 5 : $ 0.99 USD - monthly 6 : $ 19.99 USD - monthly
Mr. & Mrs. Ken Rockwell , Ryan and Katie .
Home Donate New Search Gallery Reviews How - To Books Links Workshops About Contact
It may seem odd to be writing about women ’s employment and maternity rights in a blog dedicated to the business of games , but I make no apology .
It is a fundamental issue that has already sparked debate in the technology world and will become more important in games as our industry matures ( and as more developers become publishers ) .
Prospect magazine this month carried an article entitled
The mother of all paradoxes which produces compelling evidence that generous maternity rights lead to systemic discrimination against women .
As a former startup CEO , I fear Prospect is right .
The moral case for maternity rights seem clear to me , but if they achieve the opposite effect to that intended , is the conclusion clear cut ?
And even I as I put forward the arguments , I find that I ca n’t make up my mind , and I need your help .
Family - friendly employment laws hurt the employment prospects of women
Catherine Hakim ’s argument in Prospect can be summed up like this ( although I urge you to read it for yourself .
The arguments are much more sophisticated and are backed up by more research than I can précis here .
Unfortunately , it ’s behind a paywall – a sort - of summary can be found in this opinion column from the Telegraph ) :
The law penalises employers for not keeping a role open for a woman on maternity leave , while the mother can quit at any time with no penalty .
Only about half of women return to their previous jobs , a figure largely unchanged since maternity protection was introduced in the 1970s .
Sixty per cent of women signalled their intention to return to work , but research suggests that two - thirds of those that pledge to return had no intention of doing so ( I struggle to reconcile this point with the previous one ) .
The impact on businesses can be substantial as “ women in senior professional and managerial roles cannot always be easily replaced . ”
Evidence from Sweden suggests that “ family - friendly employment policies have been the cause of the glass ceiling for women , not the solution to it ” ( my emphasis ) .
“ Onerous maternity protection leads the private sector to systematically avoid hiring women , who then mostly work in the less well - paid public sector ” .
of the glass ceiling for women , not the solution to it ” ( my emphasis ) .
“ Onerous maternity protection leads the private sector to systematically avoid hiring women , who then mostly work in the less well - paid public sector ” .
Research has suggested that maternity leave of of around three to four months helps women ’s employment but longer periods lead to what economists call ‘ statistical discrimination ’ against women in general .
In short , extending maternity rights can cause sufficient headaches for businesses to prompt blanket discrimination against women , except in the public sector .
My hiring experiences
As a vice - president at Deutsche Bank , I was involved in interviewing candidates for graduate roles in the Media Corporate Finance division .
I am convinced that I had no gender bias , and the media team had one of the higher proportions of female to male graduate recruits in the division .
The thought of maternity issues never crossed my mind .
Even if they had , Deutsche Bank could easily have afforded to pay generous maternity rights , although Prospect says that “ some private sector employers – especially in the City – take the view that it is cheaper in time and money to dismiss a pregnant woman and pay compensation , so that a permanent replacement can be appointed immediately . ”
As CEO of GameShadow , the thought did cross my mind .
We were a small , struggling start - up with limited revenues .
I wondered how we could cope if an employee became pregnant .
It was not only the financial costs but the whole process and distraction of finding and training a temporary replacement that worried me .
I ca n’t say how reacted , because we did n’t get a single female applicant for any of the roles we advertised while I was there .
( Why no women applied is a whole different subject for discussion , although since we were looking for technology staff in a hardcore PC gaming website , perhaps its not that surprising . )
The challenging paradox
I like to think I ’m socially liberal .
I believe maternity leave and working flexibility are something that should be available in a civilised society .
( Full disclosure : I have a 12 month old baby ; maternity rights have been important to me in the last year ) .
But the entrepreneur / start - up adviser in me is conflicted .
Businesses benefit from a diverse workforce ( ages , genders , ethnicities ) and avoiding any one group eliminates a large pool of talent .
But the risk of having a substantial portion of your workforce away on a legally - protected absence , preventing you from hiring and training a replacement or forcing you pay two salaries , is a huge burden to put on any business , let alone one built on such shaky foundations as a startup .
And if I worry about this , what will less scrupulous business people do ?
They ’ll do what Catherine Hakim warns about and avoid “ hiring or promoting younger women at all ” .
Why this matters to game developers
The games industry is maturing .
We are no longer an industry that attracts only games - obsessed men whose only interest is coding .
Developers are becoming publishers , meaning they need marketers , finance teams , lawyers .
In short , they need talent , and many of the best candidates are women .
Amongst my clients at the moment , there are women as head of studio and head of marketing .
There are women in web design , in core coding , in finance and in art .
Our industry is expanding and is no longer exclusively the preserve of men .
Companies who have previously only had a few women employees will move towards an equal split .
But the issues I ’ve highlighted above may put them off hiring the best candidates .
Why this matters now
( UPDATE :
It was pointed out to me that the Equalities Bill does n’t , in fact , include extending maternity rights .
I blame Prospect , although it was ambiguous : “ Her equalities bill follows Sweden ’s lead , where maternity leave has been extended to three years and fathers are forced to take paternity leave . )
Harriet Harman is introducing an Equalities Bill that would extend maternity leave to three years .
Catherine Hakim warns that this might be detrimental to the prospects of all women , although it may well be beneficial to mothers .
I ’m already worried about the existing legislation .
I do n’t know what to think about this new bill .
Will it help more than it will hurt ?
How do we reconcile family - friendly policies with the needs of business ?
How do we attract more women into games , technology and startups when the financial burden could ( and I only mean could ) be disastrous for an employer .
I do n’t want to start a flame war but I want to open a discussion into an issue that has bothered me for three years now , on which I ca n’t make up my mind .
Over to you .
Aquarius - The Water Gatherer ( January 20 - February 18 )
Birth Stone : Amethyst
Color : Electric Blue
Metal : Aluminum
Ruling Planet : Uranus
Power Stone : Amazonite
Flower : White Orchid
Aquarius is an air sign .
Aquarians dedicate themselves to people , missions and humanity .
They are simple unassuming people who are frank , absorb knowledge readily and have a friendly attitude that makes them popular .
They possess strong and attractive personalities with a strong will and conviction .
They are serious , refined , frank and assertive and have a dry sense of humor .
They are intelligent , clear and logical and a have psychic sense .
They work best in projects and as leaders at work .
Aquarians prefer to be loners at times and retire from the crowd .
They prefer to be independent and dislike any interference from others .
If they feel that someone is worthy of their love and friendship , they will try all possible to attract them and will be ready to be faithful to them for life .
Positives
They are honest , broadminded and straightforward and set themselves very high standards
They are dependable and are relied upon by others
They respect other people 's beliefs and hold them in high regard
They are always willing to extend help to people in need
Prefers to be individualists and are more the loner types
Negatives
They like to dream and hardly carry out the plan that they have chalked out
They are quite unrealistic , impractical and have unconventional behavior
They can be eccentric at times
Seldom admit to their mistakes and feel that they are more clever and intelligent than others
Compatibility With Other Signs
Overall compatibility - Gemini , Libra
Gemini , Libra Incompatibility - Taurus , Scorpio
Taurus , Scorpio Career help by - Scorpio
Scorpio Financial help by - Pisces
Pisces Emotional support by - Taurus
Taurus Best for marriage and partnership - Leo
Love And Relationship
Aquarians need a satisfying relationship which will give them enough mental and physical stimulation .
They need an understanding , passionate lover who 's willing to maintain the bond of love for ever .
Their sex drive is rather mild and requires stimulation .
They are quite attentive and fun to be with and apply a lot of energy to satisfy their partner in order to have a long lasting relationship .
Method for generating mazes from images
The following image ( left ) is the image of a maze generated from the classic
Tux logo , downsized to show the result more clearly .
At the right hand , a smaller thumbnail is shown for reference .
At right , bottom , the original image used to generate the maze is shown .
Small version of the maze ( best seen from around 2 meters / 7 feet ) : Smaller thumbnail :
Original image by Larry Ewing :
The complete , solvable maze in its original resolution ( 2438x2793 pixels ) can be downloaded from here .
Generating the maze Generating a maze is a known problem , that many known algorithms solve .
There is some interesting previous work on generating mazes from input images , that I link to in the references at the bottom .
Nevertheless , I think the simple technique described here is new , which is why I think it deserves some explanation .
Please let me know if you have any feedback about this article .
Generating a maze from a known grid or graph is very simple ; many known algorithms can be used to solve that problem , one of which is Depth - first search .
It 's a simple recursive algorithm that starts from the exit cell , and recursively marks a cell as visited , before visiting its neighbours in a random order .
There are more details about this algorithm in Depth - first search .
The problem , in this case , is how to create a graph for the maze to be created in , such that the graph itself resembles the input image when it 's plotted on the screen .
We can do this by dividing the grid we 'll draw the maze on in multiple grids :
Dividing the grid in multiple pieces is useful since it allows us to have different resolutions for different parts of the full grid :
The only problem so far is that those grids are disconnected pieces ; we need to connect grids of different sizes .
It 's also easy to find a criteria that connects vertices from a grid to vertices of a neighbor grid ; for example here we connect a 3x3 grid to a 10x10 grid :
Now we show how the previous 4 grids look when they are connected :
Using this idea , we can easily convert an input image to a table of grids .
Each pixel in a NxM image can be converted to a grid , in a resolution that is inversely proportional to the pixel brightness .
Let 's see a short gradient from white to black for example :
Here we have a 4x1 table of grids , that is representing a grayscale 4x1 image .
The leftmost grid is perceived as white , the rightmost grid is perceived as black , everything in - between is perceived as gray .
Notice that we are converting pixel brightness to resolution in a grid .
Now we are going to use the previous ideas to build a very small resolution of the following image :
The small resolution table of grids is shown next .
For the big resolution version of the maze see at the beginning of this document .
Using the previous ideas we have built a table of connected grids , that is , a graph that can be conveniently shown as something closely resembling a grid .
Now we can use the depth - first search maze generation algorithm to remove a number of edges in the graph so that the remaining edges are a maze ( black lines are the maze , gray lines are the grids lines and their connections ) :
Another maze , now without the gray lines :
If a big enough resolution is used , the results are much better , like in the images that started this article .
Small version of the maze ( best seen from around 2 meters / 7 feet ) : Smaller thumbnail :
Original image by Larry Ewing :
The complete , solvable maze in its original resolution ( 2438x2793 pixels ) can be downloaded from here .
Source code
The Mathematica source code used for generating these mazes can be downloaded from here .
Porting to other languages is planned , and any ports provided by readers are welcome .
References : Image - Guided Maze Construction : by Jie Xu and Craig S. Kaplan ( also see the mazes page ) .
Organic Labyrinths and Mazes : by Hans Pedersen , Karan Singh ( also see the labyrinths and mazes page ) .
How to make a picturesque maze : by Yoshio Okamoto , Ryuhei Uehara .
Evolving Mazes from Images : by Liang Wan , Xiaopei Liu , Tien - Tsin Wong , Chi-Sing Leung .
Think Labyrinth !
Notes First version : December 26 , 2009 .
Author : H. Hernan Moraldo .
> {-# LANGUAGE GADTs #-}
n
n
3
4
5
0 ( a+b ) = 0a
1( a+b ) = 1 b
abc = bc ( here a and b are each either 0 or 1 )
a +( b+c ) = a+c = ( a+ b ) + c
a+a = a = 0a+1a
f(n )
= 0x n if n is even
= 1 x n- 1 if n is odd
f*u = u with x n replaced by f( n ) throughout
3
4
5
n
n
n
η:N→TN defined by η( n ) =x n
and
μ:T ( T ( N ) ) →T( N ) defined by μ( a ) =i*a , where i is the identity .
>>=
n
s
> data Expr s n where
Bool
Bool
s
> Put :: s ->
Expr s n ->
Expr s n
False
True
` Put`
Get
Get :: Expr s n ->
Expr s n ->
Expr s n
Get :: ( Expr s n , Expr s n ) ->
Expr s n
( a , a )
Bool -> a
> Get :: ( s -> Expr s n ) ->
Expr s n
Get
s = Bool
> Var :: n ->
Expr s n
> fold :: ( s -> w -> w ) -> ( (s -> w ) -> w ) -> ( n -> w ) ->
Expr s n -> w
> fold put get var ( Put s x ) = put s ( fold put get var x )
> fold put get var ( Get c ) = get ( \s -> fold put get var ( c s ) )
> fold put get var ( Var n ) = var n
> instance Monad ( Expr s ) where
> return n = Var n
> x >>= f = fold Put Get f x where
Get
Get
Put
Put
Var n
f n
State
State
Expr
State
s
n
( (s , n ) , ( s , n ) )
s -> ( n , s )
> canonical :: Expr s n -> ( s -> ( n , s ) )
> canonical = fold put get var where
n
n
n
> var n = \s -> ( n , s )
s -> ( n , s )
> put s c = \t -> c s
> get c s = c s s
canonical
> test1 =
> Get $ \c -> if c
> then Put False $
> Get $ \d -> if d
> then Var 5
> else Var 4
> else
> Put True $
> Var 3
> go1 = canonical test1
False
canonical
> inject :: ( s -> ( n , s ) ) ->
Expr s n
> inject f = Get $ ( \( n , s ) ->
Put s ( Var n ) ) . f
inject .
canonical
State s n
Expr s n
State
Monad
> data State s n = State { runState :: s -> ( n , s ) }
> instance Monad ( State s ) where
> return n = State $ canonical $ Var n
> State f >>= g = State $ canonical $ inject f >>= ( inject . runState . g )
State
Monad
Put
Get
> get = State $ canonical ( Get ( \s -> Var s ) )
> put n = State $ canonical $ Put n ( Var ( ) )
> test2 = do
> c <- get
> if c
> then do
> put False
> d <- get
> if d
> then return 5
> else return 4
> else do
> put True
> return 3
> go2 = runState test2 False
canonical
Monads play an important part in implementing computational " effects " in Haskell , and yet monads come out of pure mathematics where they are used to describe operations in algebraic structures .
What do these two applications have to do with each other ?
In this post I hope to answer that question and maybe give another view on monads .
You might not have seen one of these in a long time .
A flowchart describing a subroutine : For now I 'm considering flowcharts only with nodes to set or reset just one flag , test the flag , and return values .
I 'm not allowing any paths to reconverge .
So these flowcharts are trees describing the possible paths of control flow .
We can describe such flowcharts with a more compact notation .
Use xto mean : Think of xbeing an variable of unknown value .
Use the + operator to mean tests of the flag .
So x+y represents : Note that this '+ ' is n't commutative because the left branch will always mean ' no ' and the right branch will mean ' yes ' .
And we 'll use the symbols ' 0 ' and ' 1 ' , applied on the left , to mean these two nodes respectively :
The flowchart above can now be written compactly as 1x+0 ( x+x ) .
( Note that I 'm overloading the notation for addition and multiplication , this is n't intended to be ordinary addition and multiplication of numbers . )
It 's clear that the ' return 5 ' never gets executed .
So the above flowchart is equivalent to this one :
The rule describing this simplification can be expressed with our compact notation as the rule :
So we already have a strong clue that there is a connection between algebra and computation .
Here are some more rules that you can check for yourself :
Now suppose we wish to extend this subroutine so it does a bit more work .
Instead of simply returning n we might want it to set a flag according to whether the previous result is even or odd , and subtract 1 if it is odd .
It 's a little awkward because I 've insisted that these trees do n't rejoin so we need to patch the tree in three places using the rule :
Note that the descriptions of the two cases and the n here are n't part of the flowchart , they 're part of the language I 'm using to talk about flowcharts .
We can do something similar for our algebraic expressions .
We can define a mathematical function taking integers to algebraic expressions such thatand now define an operation * byOur updated flowchart can now be represented by f *( 1x+0 ( x+x ) ) .
Now you might see why I used the weird xnotation .
The * operation is ordinary substitution of an expression for a variable that we learn in high school , so I used xnotation to make it clear that xis a variable .
You can think of f as a dictionary saying how the values of the variables are to be expanded .
Let TN be the set of expressions in our algebra where the subscripts of the x's come from the set N .
Then we have the functions :
We have a monad .
( Exercise : check the monad laws . )
Note that this definition is n't specific to our particular algebra .
This definition applies to a very broad class of algebraic expression .
Monads in mathematics are used to describe substitution of subexpressions into expressions .
But I hope you can now see why they have a role to play in computing : the act of substituting an expression for a variable is essentially the same thing as grafting more operations on to the end of our tree of computations .
But if you look at the definitions of typical monads in the Haskell libraries , they do n't look much like trees , and the implementation ofdoes n't look much like grafting trees .
The rest of this post will be about working through a specific example to show that it really is about tree grafting after all .
We 'll need to define a type to represent our algebraic expressions in Haskell .
Theis going to be used to label our variables , andwill be explained shortly :
Now we need constructors to represent 0 and 1 .
We can simplify this by combining them into one constructor and using the typeto signify whether it is 0 or 1 that we want .
But there 's no need to restrict ourselves toso I 'll make the code more general and useinstead :
So 0 isand 1 isandis our multiplication operator .
( Maybe you 've already guessed why I called it that . )
The next constructor will be for addition .
I 'm going to give it the weird name .
The obvious thing to write would be :
We could uncurry that instead and useBut we know that a pairis the same as a function .
So I 'm going to actually use : So instead of giving us a binary node in a tree , gives us a possible infinite s-ary node .
But we 'll be working withfor now .
Now we need variables .
We 'll just use : This is a recursive type so we can write a fold for it .
If we 'd been using generic library we'd get the fold for free but I 'm giving it explicitly :
We can implement the monad for substitution : Note how the fold recursively replaceswithwithandwithBy now the game 's up .
If you read my post from last week then you know that I 'm building something like themonad .
But although this monad has a similar interface , internally it 's nothing like .
For one thing , is a tree type and internally it could end up with an arbitrarily large number of nodes .
How can we extract the familarmonad from this ?
Expressions in various algebraic languages can often be reduced to a canonical form .
For example , we have disjunctive normal form for ( a fragment of ) logic .
Expressions in our language above can be reduced to a canonical form .
In the language of flowcharts , every one of our flowcharts can be reduced to something of the form :
Algebraically the claim is that any expression reduces to something of the form au+bv .
In the general case the items a and b are of typeand u and v can be represented by elements of .
So this is something of type .
Again we replace the pair by a function to get the type .
So we want a function to convert to canonical form :
We can get a return box into canonical form like this :
Algebraically this is x →0x +1 xand we can implement it asNow we need to simplify the application of 0 or 1 to something already in canonical form .
0 ( au+bv ) = 0 au = au and 1 ( au+bv ) = 1bv = bv.
Essentially it just picks the first or second term in the sum according to whether we 're multiplying on the left by 0 or 1 .
But that 's exactly what the function type indoes .
So we can just write :
Now we need to consider sums of two terms in canonical form .
We can derive this just by looking at the sum of two sums : ( p+q ) + ( r+s ) .
This is just p+s .
We get this by picking the left branch twice or the right branch twice , so we 're just applying our function twice to the same thing : Comparing with my last post you should see thatis what I called an interpreter .
So the act of interpreting these tree expressions is one and the same thing as reducing them to a canonical form .
This should n't be so surprising - executing a functional program is itself a process of reduction to a normal form .
Here 's an example of using the above reduction to get our flowchart executed : returns a different tree to the original tree .
But we can easily map back to trees again :
So the compositiontakes a tree and reduces it to canonical form keeping it as a tree .
We can view things like this : thetype is just thetype modulo an equivalence relation .
The usualtype is a tree but this fact is obscured because we only work with a representative of each equivalence class , not entire trees .
But theinstance is still simply tree grafting .
We can prove this as follows : Note how the implementations consist solely of isomorphisms or wrapping / unwrapping .
The typeis simply inheriting theinstance from the tree type .
We can now putandinto a form usable in the monad .
Again , we 're just wrapping and " canonicalising " near - trivial operations .
Like in the previous post
We 're starting with signatures for functions .
We can form an expression tree type .
With the substitution operation this naturally becomes a monad .
We also specified equations for our functions .
This leads to the idea of a reduced form for our expression trees .
The state monad ( and , in fact , most of the standard monads ) are examples of reduced forms .
If we implementfor an algebra , the monad follows for free .
More precisely : given a signature and equations , the tree type and monad can be derived automatically .
It seems tricky to derive the rules for reducing expressions to canonical form , but once you 've done that the monad for the reduced form can be derived automatically .
The act of evaluating a monadic expression is the same as reducing an expression tree to its canonical form .
Given two algebraic theories with their own signatures and equations they can be combined together .
One obvious way is to simply " freely " throw all of the signatures and equations together .
This gives the " sum " of the two theories .
If we additionally impose some new equations , a certain type of compatibility condition between the theories , then we get the product .
So starting with two theories we get the monads for the two theories and the monad for the sum or product .
This might provide an alternative approach to monad transformers for combining effects .
( Actually , I 'm doubtful of this plan for automatically combining effects because surprising things can happen , but I still think there 's something useful to be extracted from the theory . )
Could this form the basis for more monad tutorials ?
Programmers from imperative , functional and other backgrounds are familiar with the ideas of trees and substitutions .
By the way , it 's sometimes useful to implement a monad by building a tree first and then interpreting it separately .
That 's what I did a few posts ago and I found it much easier than deriving a complete monad in one go .
These trees are related to the diagrams I drew here
You can repeat much of what I said above with all kinds of algebraic structures .
My ICFP talk was on what you can do with the monad that arises from vector spaces and a spent a slide or two on the rules for reduction to canonical form .
An earlier post of mine on substitution .
You can interpret the canonical form of the expressions above as saying that when you have a bunch of switches ( in certain types of code ) you can replace them with just one .
This is reminiscent of the old folk theorem about loops .
In fact , the algebra I describe above is a lot like Kleene Algebra with Tests which can be used to prove that result .
This was all motivated by this post on Lambda the Ultimate .
Some comments by Derek Elkins ( that he 's probably long forgotten ) and pieces of this by Conor McBride helped me write the code .
I originally planned to say more about forming sums and products of theories but the code is going to need more work ... Update : Following one of the links I gave above I just found Unimo which is closely related .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Nearly three out of four Americans think that at least half of the money spent in the federal stimulus plan has been wasted , according to a new national poll .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corporation survey released Monday morning also indicates that 63 percent of the public thinks that projects in the plan were included for purely political reasons and will have no economic benefit , with 36 percent saying those projects will benefit the economy .
Twenty - one percent of people questioned in the poll say nearly all the money in the stimulus has been wasted , with 24 percent feeling that most money has been wasted and an additional 29 percent saying that about half has been wasted .
Twenty - one percent say only a little has been wasted and 4 percent think that no stimulus dollars have been wasted .
" One reason why the economic stimulus bill is no longer popular with the American public is the perception that a lot of the money has been wasted .
Six in 10 believe that the projects in the stimulus bill were included for purely political reasons , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
Full results ( pdf )
" Nearly three - quarters believe that at least half the stimulus money spent so far has been wasted , and one in five say nearly all of it has been a waste , " Holland said .
According to a CNN poll released Sunday , 56 percent of the public opposes the stimulus , with 42 percent supportive of the plan .
Last March , just weeks after the stimulus bill was signed into law by President Obama , a CNN survey indicated that 54 percent supported the program , with 44 percent opposed .
The program , formally known as the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , attempts to stimulate the country 's economy by increasing federal spending and cutting taxes at a total cost to the government of $ 787 billion .
No Republicans in the House of Representatives and only three in the Senate voted in favor of the bill .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted January 8 - 10 , with 1,021 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
Michael A. Gomez , a professor of history at New York University and an authority on the African diaspora , said the design ’s apparent link to 18th - century Africa “ is of enormous meaning and carries a lot of symbolic weight . ”
For decades , historians and anthropologists have debated the extent to which the continent ’s cultural practices endured and came to influence art , language , music and religion in the Americas  a question with particular resonance for the African - American community .
Image The symbol of the African Burial Ground .
Credit ...
Chester Higgins Jr./ The New York Times
The burial ground sankofa was important in this debate , Dr. Gomez said , “ because , let ’s face it , we do n’t have an extremely large amount of material culture with which to work . ”
But now a peer - reviewed study , published this month in a leading history journal , argues that the heart - shaped symbol is not , in fact , a sankofa , and probably does not have African origins at all .
Indeed , it suggests that the sankofa probably did not yet exist as a symbol in Africa at the time the coffin was made , and that the design is likely Anglo - American in origin .
The National Park Service , which has managed the burial ground since it was a declared a national monument in 2006 , is itself stepping back from the original claim .
As a result of research by scholars who prepared reports in 2006 for the federal government , the interpretive sign in the service ’s new $ 5.2 million visitor center , scheduled to open on Feb. 27 , will say only that the design “ could be a sankofa symbol ” and that “ no one knows for sure . ”
In an interview , Erik R. Seeman , the historian whose new study treats the sankofa claim skeptically , acknowledged that his argument could be politically fraught .
In his article , published in the January issue of The William and Mary Quarterly , he makes a point of emphasizing his belief that African influences did play a major role in the lives of early black Americans  although generally as part of hybrid traditions .
A federal judge in Washington , Ricardo Urbina , has provided another compelling argument against the outsourcing of war to gunslingers from the private sector .
In throwing out charges against Blackwater agents who killed 17 Iraqis in Baghdad ’s Nisour Square in September 2007 , Judge Urbina highlighted the government ’s inability to hold mercenaries accountable for crimes they commit .
Judge Urbina correctly ruled that the government violated the Blackwater agents ’ protection against self - incrimination .
He sketched an inept prosecution that relied on compelled statements made by the agents to officials of the State Department , who employed the North Carolina security firm to protect convoys and staff in Iraq .
That , he said , amounted to a “ reckless violation of the defendants ’ constitutional rights . ”
During the presidential campaign , Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton competed over who would take the toughest line against mercenaries .
It is clear that the only way for President Obama to make good on the rhetoric is to get rid of the thousands of private gunmen still deployed in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere .
The killings in Nisour Square were hardly the first misdeeds by hired guns in Iraq , or the last .
The army has said contractors from firms like CACI International Inc. were involved in more than a third of the proven incidents of abuse in 2003 and 2004 in the Abu Ghraib prison .
Guards from Blackwater  which has renamed itself Xe Services  and other security firms , like Triple Canopy , have been involved in other wanton shootings .
This article may be reprinted free of charge provided 1 ) that there is clear attribution to the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , and 2 ) that both the OMNS free subscription link http://orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html and also the OMNS archive link http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml are included .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , January 11 , 2010
How To Destroy Confidence In Vitamins When You Do Not Have The Facts
( OMNS , January 11 , 2010 ) " Ladies and Gentlemen , welcome to this year 's annual meeting of the World Headquarters Of Pharmaceutical Politicians , Educators , and Reporters ( WHOPPER ) .
" Let us get right to the point .
Many of our members and affiliates have complained about what is , for us , an alarming and dangerous segment of health care : so - called ' orthomolecular medicine . '
We wish to assure you , although this therapeutic approach is , unfortunately , very effective in preventing and treating disease , that we will make sure the public will never learn of it .
We can say this with considerable confidence , since for over 50 years we have managed to keep virtually all psychiatrists from using niacin to treat schizophrenia ; we have kept cardiologists from prescribing vitamin E and co enzyme Q10 for heart disease ; and we have kept general practitioners from prescribing vitamin C for viral illnesses .
" Yes , it has really been a triumphant half - century .
How did we do it ?
It is really quite easy .
Here is a summary for those of you that may have missed the last WHOPPER meeting .
" Our guiding principle is , keep the public afraid .
Any fear will do , but we have been especially pleased with , and therefore recommend instilling , the fear of new strains of flu viruses , fear of vaccine shortages , and most especially , the fear of vitamin toxicity .
Our success with this last one has been nothing short of spectacular .
" Of course , you know that decades of poison control center statistics show that there have been no deaths from vitamins .
( 1 ) You also know that drugs , properly prescribed and taken as directed , kill at least 100,000 Americans annually .
(2) Clearly , the last thing we want is for the public to actually figure out that vitamin therapy is tens of thousands of times safer than drug therapy .
" Therefore , we endorse the following tactics : " 1 ) Always demand 100 % safety and 100 % efficacy from nutritional therapy .
This is particularly effective when you , at the very same time , continually remind the public that they have to expect and accept a reasonable amount of dangerous , even fatal , side effects with drug therapy .
And , if one drug does not work , there is always another , still more expensive drug that might .
" 2 ) Always give priority to publishing research that portrays vitamins as ineffective , or as outright harmful .
Select the low - dose vitamin study ; ignore the high - dose study .
Our master stroke is when we criticize low - dose nutrient studies for ineffectiveness , while discrediting effective high - dose studies because they might be dangerous .
Remember : pick the one negative vitamin study ; ignore the hundreds of positive vitamin studies .
" 3 ) If a positive megavitamin study is actually submitted to your department , medical society or journal , reject it on a technicality , and take a year or two to do so .
Better still , make the authors publish in the Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine .
After all , whatever is published there will not be indexed by the U.S. National Library of Medicine .
(3) Therefore , the public 's annual 700 million MEDLINE searches will utterly fail to find it .
People cannot read what can not be located .
" 4 ) Obfuscation works .
Cloud and confuse the issue .
Never let the truth stand in the way of a good press release .
This we learned from the tobacco industry :
If you cannot wow 'em with wisdom , baffle them with baloney .
Remember , with vitamins , always highlight the negative ; ignore the positive .
Never let the facts get in the way of as good argument .
A good argument is one that you win .
This is about power , not health .
" 5 ) While half the population takes vitamins , fewer than 1 % of physicians practice orthomolecular medicine .
That is a very small minority .
How hard can it be to shut them up ?
After all , look what we did to Linus Pauling .
When he spoke out for vitamin C , we got the entire medical world to openly snicker at the only person in history to win two unshared Nobel prizes .
Talk about a WHOPPER ! " 6 ) Take heed of what behaviorist B.F. Skinner said : Education is a very large number of very small steps .
The secret is to keep plugging away , every chance we get .
Every time we tell a WHOPPER in the news media or in the medical press , it is one additional , cumulative step towards washing the public 's mind clean as a whistle , and stamping out nutritional medicine for good .
" Now go back to your word - processors and get to work .
Wade through those nutrition studies and latch onto the negative ones .
The news media are waiting to hear from you . "
References : ( 1 ) The most recent annual report of the American Association of Poison Control Centers published in the journal Clinical Toxicology shows zero deaths from multiple vitamins ; zero deaths from any of the B vitamins ; zero deaths from vitamins A , C , D , or E ; and zero deaths from any other vitamin .
Furthermore , there were zero deaths from any dietary mineral supplement .
Bronstein AC , Spyker DA , Cantilena LR Jr , Green JL , Rumack BH , Heard SE ; American Association of Poison Control Centers .
2007 Annual Report of the American Association of Poison Control Centers ' National Poison Data System ( NPDS ) : 25th Annual Report .
Clin Toxicol ( Phila ) .
2008 Dec;46(10):927-1057 .
Full text article available for free download at http://www.aapcc.org/annual-reports/
Vitamins statistics are found in Table 22B , journal pages 1027 - 1028 .
Minerals are in the same table , page 1024 .
( 2 ) Lazarou J , Pomeranz B , Corey P. Incidence of adverse drug reactions in hospitalized patients .
JAMA .
1998;279:1200-1205 .
See also : Leape LL .
Error in medicine .
JAMA .
1994 Dec 21;272(23 ) :1851 - 7. ( 3 ) Saul AW .
Medline bias : update .
[ Editorial ] J Orthomolecular Med , 2006 .
Vol 21 , No 2 , p 67 .
http://www.doctoryourself.com/medlineup.html
For Further Reading : Pharmaceutical Advertising Biases Journals Against Vitamin Supplements .
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , February 5 , 2009 .
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v05n02.shtml
FDA Claims " Food Supplement " Deaths ; Hides Details from the Public .
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , October 9 , 2008 .
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v04n13.shtml
Nutritional Medicine is Orthomolecular Medicine Orthomolecular medicine uses safe , effective nutritional therapy to fight illness .
For more information : http://www.orthomolecular.org
The peer - reviewed Orthomolecular Medicine News Service is a non-profit and non-commercial informational resource .
Editorial Review Board : Carolyn Dean , M.D. , N.D .
Damien Downing , M.D .
Michael Gonzalez , D.Sc. , Ph.D .
Steve Hickey , Ph.D .
James A. Jackson , PhD
Bo H. Jonsson , MD , Ph.D
Thomas Levy , M.D. , J.D .
Jorge R. Miranda - Massari , Pharm.D.
Erik Paterson , M.D .
Gert E. Shuitemaker , Ph.D. Andrew W. Saul , Ph.D. , Editor and contact person .
Email : omns@orthomolecular.org
To Subscribe at no charge : http://www.orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html
Click here to Unsubscribe from this list
The bitumen in tar sands gives the earth a thick , mushy feel .
This non-conventional oil is difficult and expensive to extract ( Image : Lara Solt / Dallas Morning News / Corbis ) …
Editorial : Plenty more oil , but use it wisely
EIGHTY -FIVE million barrels .
That ’s how much oil we consume every day .
It ’s a staggering amount – enough to fill over 5400 Olympic swimming pools – and demand is expected to keep on rising , despite the impending supply crunch .
The International Energy Agency forecasts that by 2030 it will rise to about 105 million barrels per day with a commensurate increase in production ( see graph ) , although whistle - blowers recently told The Guardian newspaper in London that insiders at the IEA believe the agency vastly over - estimates our chances of plugging that gap .
The agency officially denies this .
Wherever the truth lies , it is widely expected that by 2030 we will have passed the peak of conventional oil production – the moment that output from conventional oil reserves goes into terminal decline .
A report from the UK Energy Research Centre ( UKERC ) published in August said there was a “ significant risk ” it would happen before 2020 .
And that means we will soon be staring down the barrel of the ultimate oil crisis .
Some governments and corporations are waking up to the idea and beginning to develop alternatives to keep the world ’s transport systems moving when cheap oil runs out .
These include biofuels , more energy - efficient – or electric – cars , and hydrogen .
But none of these is likely to make up the global shortfall in time .
The pressure is on to keep the black stuff flowing and so the next two decades will see an unprecedented …
You may remember last year we introduced you to The Bacon Explosion : a mat of woven bacon layered with sausage and more bacon ( I mean , why not ) that 's sauced up then rolled and smoked .
Jason Day and Aaron Chronister of BBQ Addicts , the creators of the far - from - vegetarian concept , developed it for last year 's Super Bowl and now one year later , are actually selling them online , all rolled up and ready to heat .
Picture a normal Super Bowl party spread ( cheese dip , chili , wings , oh hey guacamole ) .
Now envision a table with space made for The Bacon Explosion .
Maybe a few more friends would RSVP when there 's a meat log involved ?
( Packed with at least 5,000 calories and 500 grams of fat , but who 's really counting . )
Jason and Aaron are sending them to three lucky Serious Eaters just in time for next Sunday 's game .
But obviously we 're going to make you work for it .
To enter to win , please give us a quote about bacon .
Be it funny , profound , or inspirational — the three best also have the chance to appear on the back cover of their soon - to - be- released book BBQ Makes Everything Better .
The book is all about barbecue , not just bacon or bacon monstrosities .
Contest will end and comments will close at 3 p.m. ET , Monday , February 1 , 2010 .
One entry per community member .
Winners are limited to residents of the continental U.S. Standard Serious Eats contest rules apply .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
People mail me things !
And then I mail them things back .
( See this post for more details . )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama has outlined a number of proposals aimed at boosting employment , including winding up the $ 700 bn ( £ 425 bn ) US bank bail - out fund .
Mr Obama said the remaining money from the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( Tarp ) could be used to facilitate lending to small businesses .
Speaking at the Brookings Institution think tank , he also called for tax cuts for small businesses .
However , there were few details on the scale or cost of the measures proposed .
The unemployment rate in the US currently stands at 10 % .
The Tarp fund was set up in the last few weeks of the Bush administration as a bail - out package for US banks .
On Sunday , a Treasury Department official said the long - term cost of the package would be at least $ 200 bn less than previously estimated .
Mr Obama acknowledged that it had been unpopular .
With regards to small businesses , he proposed a one - year elimination of capital gains tax on new investments , and adding a new tax cut to encourage small business hiring in 2010 .
In the last few years , small businesses had created 65 % of new job growth , he said .
' False choice '
" We avoided the depression many feared , " Mr Obama said , before adding , " Our work is far from done . "
He stressed that boosting jobs was the best way to tackle the massive US deficit .
" There are those who claim we have to choose between paying down our deficits on the one hand , and investing in job creation and economic growth on the other .
But this is a false choice , " he said .
The president reiterated his commitment to halve the massive US deficit - which stood at $ 1.3 trillion when he took office - by the end of his first term .
Other measures put forward included more money for infrastructure projects and rebates to consumers who made their homes more energy - efficient .
Paul Thomas Anderson ( “ There Will Be Blood , ” “ Boogie Nights ” ) has lined up his next film at Universal Pictures – a 1950 ’s drama with Philip Seymour Hoffman as the founder of a new religion reports Variety .
Hoffman plays “ the Master , ” as in “ master of ceremonies , ” a charismatic intellectual who hatches a faith - based organization that begins to catch on in America in 1952 .
The story will focus on the relationship between the Master and Freddie , a 20 - something drifter who becomes the leader ’s lieutenant .
As the faith begins to gain a fervent following , Freddie finds himself questioning the belief system he has embraced , and his mentor .
Though it sounds like a skewering of Mormonism and Scientology , the themes are that of belief systems becoming religions and some people ’s need to believe in a higher power .
The $ 35 million project has not yet been greenlit as Anderson has yet to deliver a finished script .
JoAnne Sellar will produce .
This month on The Star Wars Show , Star Wars : Squadrons comes home , we take a trip to Black Spire Outpost , and more !
A Truly Scary Promotional Idea ?
A VHS Tape !
It ’s baaaack .
Just when you thought it was safe to feed your Blu-ray player , your VHS machine has reemerged from the video graveyard like a zombie seeking fresh brains .
And writer / director Ti West has served up the perfect retro feast to appease it .
West ’s House Of The Devil is an Eighties - style horror movie that looks like it was shot in the decade of decadence , and it also takes place then , so when Dark Sky Films set about to promote its forthcoming home video release , they decided to go old school by sending 50 journalists the film …on a VHS tape .
And not just in a standard package , but that oversized clamshell case that many horror films were packaged in to stand out on the shelves .
You know , the ones that grabbed your attention when you were trolling for scare fare in your local video store back in the day .
If you ’re old enough to remember that .
Further , the opening company logo is from vintage video nasty purveyors Gorgon Video , the folks that brought us the infamous Faces Of Death series .
( And who are part of MPI , Dark Sky ’s parent company . )
I should add that 1,000 VHS copies of House Of The Devil will be released for sale to consumers , for those of who you still love your videotapes .
It ’s a brilliant marketing ploy .
Granted , I ’m so used to watching DVD and Blu-ray quality images that the thought of popping a VHS tape in and watching it on my 40 ″ LCD TV sounded less than appealing .
You know what ?
It looked and sounded pretty good , even with the slightly fuzzy quality that videotape possesses .
House Of The Devil is both a well - crafted nailbiter and a clever homage to babysitter - in - danger movies of the past .
It centers around financially imperiled college student Samantha ( Jocelin Donahue ) who , despite protestations from her worldly and bubbly best friend Megan ( Greta Gerwig ) , takes on a lucrative , last - minute babysitting job for a creepy older couple ( Mary Woronov and Manhunter ‘s Tom Noonan ) who have plans to go out on the night of a lunar eclipse while the husband ’s mother stays at home .
Naturally , being alone in a big , old country house at night lends Samantha to developing all sorts of paranoia , and that ’s exactly how the film builds .
You ’re waiting for something to happen , waiting for some sign of the alleged parent , waiting to see what sinister fate may befall the heroine .
It ’s that slowly mounting suspense that gets under your skin .
In the end , West ’s film is not about a surprising climax , although it certainly delivers in shock value .
The fun is the journey in getting there .
We know that the babysitting gig is a bad idea , that the couple are hiding a sinister secret and that something awful is bound to happen .
It ’s how we get there that counts , and the smart casting , moody , minimalist soundtrack and eerie atmosphere snowball into a satisfying finale with a good post mortem .
By the way , did I mention that Dee Wallace has a cameo as a benevolent landlady ?
West deserves props for making his film look and sound like it could have been made 25 or 30 years ago .
And watching House Of The Devil on VHS did transport me back to my teen years , much of it spent sitting in the dark , watching scary movies and being freaked out , back when this stuff was fresher to me .
Good times .
Peggy Byrne lost her most recent job as a human resources manager in March .
Her unemployment benefits run out in February .
Her health insurance expires in six weeks .
She needs a job now .
While the clock ticks , Byrne , 59 , a spunky former state legislator from the 1980s and a former state planner , is n't waiting around .
She hops on the computer next to her bed each morning and scours websites for job leads .
But Byrne became so frustrated with the piecemeal , disjointed search engines she came across for laid - off workers that she decided to create one of her own .
" It 's tough enough being unemployed without having people scrounge for the information they need .
It should n't be a scavenger hunt , " said Byrne , now one of 124,400 Minnesotans who have lost jobs since September 2008 .
Determined to use her past experience to benefit others and get herself a job in the process , she developed a website that has scores of links to job search engines , food shelves , housing and heating assistance programs , free flu shot clinics , free legal clinics , cheap medical care , transportation , job retraining programs , bargains and news articles about grants , loans and thousands of other resources for the unemployed .
The site , which Byrne runs without pay , has won favorable reviews from foundations , job counselors and placement agencies around the state for its comprehensiveness and simplicity .
" I use Peggy 's website a lot with [ our program ] participants , " said Bruce Thayer , a computer lab coach for the Goodwill Easter Seals Dislocated Worker Program in St. Paul .
Each week ,
Thayer helps dozens of clients search for work and tap resources using computers .
Last week , one unemployed client who is behind on his rent asked Thayer where he should go when he became homeless .
Thayer sent him to Byrne's www.minnesotaunemployed.com, and soon heard him say , " Wow !
This is amazing . "
Besides a list of homeless shelters , he also found emergency rental assistance he never knew existed .
" I created [ the website ] as an express site that put all the links that the unemployed need on just one site , " Byrne said .
One " eureka moment came when I went to an Edina Community Center boot camp for the unemployed and learned that there were a dozen more [ job search engines ] that I had no clue about .
I was dumbfounded . "
She 'd previously stuck to job search engines provided by the state , the Minnesota Council of Nonprofits and Craigslist.org .
But they did n't answer her questions about extending her health care , budgeting or where to find bargains on food , gas and other products .
State and nonprofit websites segment information too narrowly , she said .
That wastes time that the unemployed just do n't have , said Byrne , who is n't accustomed to waiting for anything .
" She was the first woman in history to go to the state Legislature from [ Ramsey County ] and she was the youngest " woman elected to the [ Minnesota ] House , at age 24 , said Brian Merchant , Byrne 's job counselor and the senior employment consultant at Goodwill Easter Seals Dislocated Worker Program .
Byrne represented Frogtown in St. Paul from 1975 to 1982 .
She has also worked as planning director for Minnesota State Planning , and was the executive director for the Summit University Planning Council in St. Paul , Merchant said .
" And she served as an assistant to the deputy commissioner of Children Families and Learning .
She has a pretty impressive résumé and background , " he added .
After cost cuts claimed her most recent job as the human resource manager for 180 Degrees -- a nonprofit that helps newly released ex-convicts --
Byrne responded to her frustration by trying to find a job while helping others .
" I enjoy being an entrepreneur and doing public service ... and I would like for the rest of my adult working life to work for the unemployed , " Byrne said .
" I 'd like to make a living working in this website stuff . "
There 's just one problem .
There 's no money in it .
Yet .
" I need to go and look for advertisers .
Even the foundations are in retrenchment mode and many can't help , " Byrne said .
She spent her own time and money developing the website and has relied on service donations to launch it .
TALLINN - Estonia has legalized online gambling in an effort to help raise funds through taxation .
The country is hoping to join the eurozone next year and is desperately searching for alternatives sources of income after suffering one of the worst recessions in the EU .
The decision to legalize online gambling , including poker , comes on the heels of a highly successful poker tournament hosted by the country adn sponsored by PokerStars.com , the world 's largest online gambling site .
The Estonian Free Press reported that people would be allowed to use Estonia - based online gaming companies through 2010 , and that as of 2011 the market would be open to everyone .
“ We are truly glad of this opportunity to start our partnership with Olympic as the leading casino entertainment provider in Central and Eastern Europe , ” Executive Manager of Playtech Mor Weizer told the news site .
Estonian poker player Imre Leibold had previously said the development would be detremental to local players .
“ The possibility that online poker gaming could be restricted is not good news for us , ” he said .
“ I believe and hope that the whole affair is resolved and that there will be several reasonable gaming locations on the market .
However , if things get tough , one may have to consider moving residence or start working abroad like Estonian builders in Finland . ”
The vicious hunt By SharpWriter Watch
354 Favourites 57 Comments 62 K Views
I 've missed the breeze of my home shores
the frozen lakes and winter snow
but now my dreams start to unfold
father , I 'm coming home
Vikings , well what else can be said .
They kick ass , but wait ... hes got a robot arm .
Yup , cybernetic vikings , they just one upped the original vikings in cool factor .
This if an entry for the " out of the mist " contest on ImagineFx forums .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 2692x3377px 3.79 MB
Show More
Not content with dominating the way we send email , find information and navigate the real world , Google now hopes to manage your home 's energy use .
In the spirit of saving some money , emissions and indulging my inner geek , I signed up to see whether its Powermeter really is the future .
For the past two months , the software – which arrived in the UK in November – has been tracking and broadcasting to a web page how much electricity my early - 20th - century , three - bedroom terraced house consumes .
It 's not been an entirely pleasant experience .
While I had it setup in 10 minutes – using a small hub and sensor from British company AlertMe to plug into my web connection – seeing my electricity use on an iGoogle page alongside my email , news , RSS and other widgets was sometimes a scary reminder of our profligacy .
Our house typically rests at around 150 watts running a computer , fridge and a couple of lights , but it 's not uncommon for that to jump up to more like 3 kW ( 3,000 watts ) with the washing machine and dishwasher running simultaneously .
In December as a whole , the Powermeter graph reminded my daily , we used a shockingly high 370 kWh – but fortunately December 's also probably our highest month for energy use , because it's one of the darkest and the one where we 're most frequently at home .
Google Powermeter makes looking at your energy consumption almost fun – at least in comparison with deciphering cryptic energy bills .
While you can download the raw data of your electricity use , a quick look at the baffling spreadsheet showed the importance of a meaningful interface such as Powermeter 's graphs .
Interestingly , while I was trialling the service , Google dropped Powermeter 's comparison feature – where you can see how your use compares with US regional averages – because it felt homes varied between regions to the point of making comparisons meanignless .
I 'm inclined to agree .
Usage for our three - bedroom terrace house was regularly described as very good and akin to a one - bedroom apartment , which does n't tell me much , except how high US domestic energy use is .
I 've also been trying British Gas 's new EnergySmart tariff , which gives you an energy monitor gadget and makes you submit monthly meter readings .
Charles Arthur has reviewed a version of the monitor – he was impressed – but the most useful part of the tariff for me has been the financial incentive to save money on a month - by - month basis , knowing that each kWh saved will be reflected on that month 's bank statement .
Ultimately , the really interesting stuff for this technology will come when all this data gets shared socially – and results in the sharing of advice and the application of peer pressure to make people change their habits .
While iGoogle and Powermeter does n't let you publish your energy use direct to Twitter or Facebook , AlertMe offers a personal " Swingometer " to post a basic image of your energy use on Facebook , Twitter or your blog .
Regardless of whether or not Powermeter takes off , we 'll all have some sort of standalone energy - monitoring gadget showing electricity usage in our homes by 2020 , thanks to the government 's smart meters plan .
Meantime , the best way for most people to try an energy monitor – without spending £ 69 plus an ongoing £ 3 monthly subscription for AlertMe and Powermeter – will be to borrow one from their local library .
A trial that started in Lewisham has since spread across the country , from libraries in Leicester and Brentwood to Cardiff and York .
Not for the first time , old - fashioned institutions of learning could trump new - fangled technology and gadgets .
The real state of the union in 2010
30 January 2010
In his State of the Union speech Wednesday night , President Barack Obama avoided any direct and concrete presentation of the actual state of US society .
Given the enormity of the economic crisis and its destructive impact on tens of millions of Americans , Obama ’s recourse to evasions and platitudes was all the more extraordinary .
Obama spoke in vague generalities about the crisis , but he cited virtually no facts .
He deployed a variety of rhetorical devices to make a show of sympathy for the plight of ordinary Americans , but his speech only revealed the chasm of insularity and indifference that separates not only himself , but the entire political establishment , from the broad masses of people .
He began by defending the “ aggressive ” measures he took to rescue the financial system , asserting that “ one year later , the worst of the storm has passed . ”
Really ?
Precisely for whom has the storm passed ?
The answer is obvious — for the financial parasites whose speculation precipitated the economic disaster .
The situation for the working class has only worsened .
Home foreclosures and hunger are at record levels and poverty is rapidly rising .
When Obama took office one year ago , the official unemployment rate stood at 7.6 percent .
It is now 10 percent — a jump of 31 percent .
Obama followed this astounding assertion with a perfunctory reference to the crisis facing working people .
“ One in ten Americans cannot find work , ” he said , “ Many businesses have shuttered .
Home values have declined .
Small towns and rural communities have been hit especially hard . ”
This was virtually all he had to say in describing the deepest economic crisis since the Great Depression .
He spoke of the indications of rising discontent as though they were the result of popular misconceptions , not an entirely rational reaction to real facts and real conditions .
“ They do n’t understand , ” he said , “ why it seems like bad behavior on Wall Street is rewarded but hard work on Main Street is n’t ; or why Washington has been unable or unwilling to solve any of our problems . ”
It only “ seems ” that the Obama administration has focused its policies on protecting the wealth of the financial elite , and that the political system ignores the desires and interests of the population .
At another point , Obama boasted that he had “ saved ” 2 million jobs and that “ the economy is growing again . ”
Things are not as bad as they seem to the unenlightened mob .
Similarly , he attributed popular opposition to his health care scheme to misperceptions .
“ I take my share of the blame for not explaining it more clearly to the American people , ” he said .
Not that growing numbers of people have seen through the government propaganda and recognized what the plan is really about — slashing benefits and rationing health care for millions of workers and retirees .
Invoking one of many insincere paeans to the “ American people , ” Obama declared that because of their “ great decency and great strength … our union is strong . ”
On Monday , the World Socialist Web Site will publish the report on the US and international political situation given earlier this month to a national aggregate of the Socialist Equality Party .
This report , co-authored by SEP National Chairman David North and SEP National Secretary Joe Kishore , places the current crisis of US and world capitalism within its historical context and examines the major driving forces that are leading to a new period of revolutionary class struggle .
The report presents an objective analysis of the state of American society and politics .
As a preview of our evaluation of the “ state of the union , ” we present here excerpts from the report .
On the priorities of the Obama administration , the report states :
The first priority of the Obama administration was to reassure the financial elite that their wealth would be protected , and that there would be no re-imposition of “ New Deal ” - style restraints on Wall Street gambling .
In fact , the opposite has taken place .
The massive infusion of cash into the world financial system has led , predictably , to a new round of reckless speculation on Wall Street .
Share values have soared , enriching rich speculators while doing nothing to address the deep distress of the overwhelming majority of the working population .
On social conditions at the beginning of the second decade of the 21st Century and the second year of the Obama administration , the report notes :
Conditions for the broad mass of the population in the US continue to deteriorate .
Some 40 million people now live in poverty , while 6 million people ( or 2 percent of the population ) have no income , subsisting on food stamps alone .
By the end of the decade , official unemployment in the US had reached 10 percent , as some 4.2 million jobs were wiped out in 2009 … .
The official labor force — those the government considers to be looking for work — actually contracted by 661,000 in the month [ of January ] , contributing to a rise in the broader measure of unemployment to 17.3 percent , which also includes millions of people who are involuntarily working part - time .
In some states and cities , the crisis has already reached Depression - like conditions .
In Michigan , unemployment is 14.7 percent .
In the state ’s largest city , Detroit , real unemployment is about 50 percent .
California , the country ’s most populous state , has an official unemployment rate of 12.3 percent .
Long - term unemployment is becoming a common aspect of American life , with nearly 40 percent of the unemployed having been out of work for 27 weeks or longer .
The collapse of housing prices beginning in 2007 has led to a surge of home foreclosures , reaching a record one million in the fourth quarter of 2009 .
Another 3 million Americans are expected to lose their homes this year . ”
The decade was one of the worst for jobs in US history .
The Washington Post recently noted , “ There has been zero net job creation since December 1999 .
No previous decade going back to the 1940s had job growth of less than 20 percent .
Economic output rose at its slowest rate of any decade since the 1930s as well . ”
Incomes for American workers have declined , as has the net worth of American households .
In real terms , average weekly wages fell by 1 percent in 2009 , even as productivity soared .
An article in the Los Angeles Times comments , “ All the triumphalist rhetoric emanating from Wall Street and the White House notwithstanding , this was — materially speaking — a disastrous decade for US families .
For the first time since World War II , according to the Departments of Commerce and Labor , an average American ’s net worth actually fell — by a whopping 13 percent . ”
Such is the real state of the US in 2010 .
Barry Grey
Barry Grey
Introducing the new Web Spider Obstacle Course
The Web Spider Obstacle Course was originally developed for testing the Spidr library .
The Obstacle Course was essentially a set of static files containing valid links , invalid links , links to previously visited pages and links to non-existent hosts / ports .
Having the course hosted on spidr.rubyforge.org made it difficult to do advanced testing ( such as using HTTP Redirects ) , not to mention slow to access .
Now the Web Spider Obstacle Course ( WSOC ) has been rewritten as a Ruby Sinatra app that can be ran locally .
Since most Ruby developers are familiar with Sinatra , it should not be too difficult to extend the Obstacle Course .
Currently WSOC tests a Web Spider ’s ability to navigate :
Empty links .
Circular links .
Links with relative - paths .
Links with absolute - paths .
Remote links .
javascript : links .
Links within frameset and iframe tags .
Cookie protected pages .
HTTP 300 , 301 , 302 , 303 and 307 Redirects .
HTTP Baisc Auth protected pages .
3… 2 … 1 … Go
Install :
$ sudo gem install wsoc
Run :
wsoc_server -p 8080
Visit :
firefox
http://localhost:8080/
The front page of WSOC will explain the rules of the Obstacle Course and providing the Start URL for any would - be Web Spiders .
The WSOC server still contains the Obstacle Course Specs , available at http://localhost:8080/specs .
The Obstace Course Specs are essentially a list of URLs , the expected behavior of the spider for the URL ( visit , ignore or fail ) and a message about the given URL .
These specs can be access by Web Spider test suites in JSON ( http://localhost:8080/specs.json ) or YAML ( http://localhost:8080/specs.yaml ) formats .
Use It
If you actively maintain a Web Spider , or are thinking of writing a Web Spider / Crawler / Scanner , I highly recommend you use the Web Spider Obstacle Course as part of your testing solution .
The Obstacle Course will test more than a Web Spiders ability to resolve relative links or only visit a link once .
The internet is a wild place , and will not always obey XHTML 1.1 Strict or HTTP 1.0 standards .
Test your Web Spiders fully before setting them loose .
Once again , an episode which is worth posting here because the subject of Manchurian Candidates is extremely interconnected to black ops , psyops , assassinations , and the secret world of terror that our clandestine agencies orchestrate .
As with all the other Ventura episodes , this one seems to be 95 % good , credible info mixed in with the 5 % which appears to discredit .
The show proves beyond a shadow of doubt that military - based mind control is a very real thing , and interviews people who have been involved with the so - called " MK Ultra " black ops in addition to showing us screenshots of the declassified CIA MK Ultra documents .
So what 's the 5 % disinfo ?
Our good ol ' friend General Albert Stubblebine , talking about how it 's possible to stare at a goat and explode its heart .
Jesse asks what is the evidence for this ; Stubblebine says " I 've been shown a few examples " but then refuses to comment further .
( Roll eyes )
Other than that , a very enlightening episode indeed !
( Halfway into a three hour and forty - five minute flight , a well - dressed and seemingly educated passenger rings her call button .
She is frantic . )
Me : “ Hi , how can I help you ? ”
Passenger : “ I ’m going to miss my connecting flight ! ”
Me : “ No , we ’re on time .
All connections will be made . ”
Passenger : “ No !
I ’m going to miss my connection ! ”
Me : “ All reservations are made so as to give you plenty of time to make your connecting flights , even if we ’re a little late .
But we ’re scheduled to arrive on time today . ”
Passenger : “ Well , if we arrive on time , then I will miss my connection ! ”
Me : “ May I see your ticket , please ? ”
Passenger : “ I. Do n’t .
Think .
You .
Understand !
It is a three - hour and 45 - minute flight .
So if we left Philadelphia at 9 , then we wo n’t get into Denver until 12:45 .
MY flight leaves at noon .
SO , YOU SEE , I AM GOING TO MISS MY FLIGHT ! ”
Me : “ Oh , oh … No… Denver is on Mountain Standard Time .
We arrive 10:45 . ”
Passenger : “ 10:45 ?!
How is that possible ?
Do you even know what you ’re talking about ? ! ”
Me : “ Philadelphia is on Eastern Standard Time . ”
Passenger : * blank stare *
Me : “ Philly and Denver are in different time zones .
There ’s a two - hour time difference . ”
Passenger : * blank stare *
( I try to explain to this 40 - something woman the concept of time zones .
When that does n’t work , I explain that it ’s not the same time everywhere in the world at the exact moment of every day .
She does n’t get it until I explain that that is why we have night and day . )
Passenger : “ Oh . Whew .
Thank you ! ”
Michael Boldin
Tenth Amendment Center
Wednesday , January 27th , 2010
Introduced in the State Senates of both Colorado and South Dakota last week is a bill known as the “ Firearms Freedom Act . ”
If passed , the bill would make state law that “ any firearm , firearm accessory , or ammunition that is manufactured commercially or privately in the state and that remains within the borders of the state is not subject to federal law or federal regulation , including registration , under the authority of Congress to regulate interstate commerce . ”
This now makes Firearms Freedom Acts already passed in Montana and Tennessee , and currently introduced in these 21 states : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Colorado Florida , Georgia , Kentucky , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , New Hampshire , Ohio , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Texas , Utah , Virginia , Washington , and Wyoming .
According to Gary Marbut of the Montana Shooting Sports Association and author of the original bill that was introduced in Montana , “ It ’s likely that FFAs will be introduced soon in West Virginia , New Mexico , Idaho , Kansas , Arkansas , Louisiana , North Carolina and maybe elsewhere ”
South Dakota ’s Senate Bill 89 ( SB89 ) was introduced by State Senator Rhoden , and has 22 Senate co-sponsors and 44 House co-sponsors .
Colorado ’s Senate Bill 092 ( SB10 - 092 ) was introduced by State Senator Schultheis and has 9 Senate co-sponsors and 7 House co-sponsors .
CLICK HERE – to view the Tenth Amendment Center ’s Firearms Freedom Act Tracking Page
UPDATE , 01-26-10
The principle behind such legislation is nullification , which has a long history in the American tradition .
When a state ‘ nullifies ’ a federal law , it is proclaiming that the law in question is void and inoperative , or ‘ non-effective , ’ within the boundaries of that state ; or , in other words , not a law as far as the state is concerned .
But nullification is more than just a mere rhetorical statement or a resolution affirming the position of the legislature .
To effectively nullify a federal law requires state action to prevent federal enforcement within the state .
Implied in any nullification legislation is enforcement of the state law .
In the Virginia Resolution of 1798 , James Madison wrote of the principle of interposition :
That this Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily declare , that it views the powers of the federal government , as resulting from the compact , to which the states are parties ; as limited by the plain sense and intention of the instrument constituting the compact ; as no further valid that they are authorized by the grants enumerated in that compact ; and that in case of a deliberate , palpable , and dangerous exercise of other powers , not granted by the said compact , the states who are parties thereto , have the right , and are in duty bound , to interpose for arresting the progress of the evil , and for maintaining within their respective limits , the authorities , rights and liberties appertaining to them .
In his famous speech during the war of 1812 , Daniel Webster said :
“ The operation of measures thus unconstitutional and illegal ought to be prevented by a resort to other measures which are both constitutional and legal .
It will be the solemn duty of the State governments to protect their own authority over their own militia , and to interpose between their citizens and arbitrary power .
These are among the objects for which the State governments exist ”
Here Madison and Webster assert what is implied in nullification laws — that state governments not only have the right to resist unconstitutional federal acts , but that , in order to protect liberty , they are “ duty bound to interpose ” or stand between the federal government and the people of the state .
In similar proposals , some legislators around the country have begun adding penalties – ranging from misdemeanors to felony charges – for federal agents , too .
Other legislators have already introduced what ’s known as the “ State Sovereignty and Federal Tax Funds Act ” which would require the state to interpose against the IRS and withhold tax funds from D.C. Click here to read more about this proposal .
Even without such specific penalties listed , I see this as an important step in the right direction .
This article was posted : Wednesday , January 27 , 2010 at 5:06 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Usage Instructions
jquery.jslatex.js
< script src= "
http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.js "></script> < script src=" jquery.jslatex.js " ></ script >
< script > $ ( function ( ) { $ ( " .latex " ) .latex ( ) ; } ) ; </script >
< div class = " latex " > \int_{0}^{\pi}\frac{x^{4}\left(1-x\right ) ^{4}}{1+x^{2}}dx =\frac{22}{7}-\pi </div >
\int_{0}^{\pi}\frac{x^{4}\left(1-x\right ) ^{4}}{1+x^{2}}dx =\frac{22}{7}-\pi
format
url
callback
gif
png
swf
http://www.sitmo.com/gg/latex/latex2png.2.php?z=100&eq=
equation
equation
{e}
$ ( ".latex " ) .latex ({url : ' http://www.sitmo.com/gg/latex/latex2png.2.php?z=100&eq={e}'});
{e}
\int_{0}^{\pi}\frac{x^{4}\left(1-x\right ) ^{4}}{1+x^{2}}dx =\frac{22}{7}-\pi
{f}
http://latex.codecogs.com/{f}.latex?{e}
Engines http://latex.codecogs.com/{f}.latex?{e}
http://www.sitmo.com/gg/latex/latex2png.2.php?z=100&eq={e}
http://www.forkosh.dreamhost.com/mathtex.cgi?{e}
http://chart.apis.google.com/chart?cht=tx&chl={e}
this
$ ( " .latex " ) .latex ( { callback : function ( ) { this.css ( { border : ' 1 px solid black'} ) ; } } ) ;
\int_{0}^{\pi}\frac{x^{4}\left(1-x\right ) ^{4}}{1+x^{2}}dx =\frac{22}{7}-\pi
jsLaTeX is the latest plugin I developed for jQuery and I wrote it so that I could easily be able to embed LaTeX directly into my blog but anyone can use it for their site .
You can download the normal , unpacked version for development or the packed version for production .
Here is a link to the jQuery plugin page , where you can find all the releases .
1 . Download thefile from one of the above - mentioned links and add it to your page along with jQuery ( if it is not already added ) : 2 . The simplest way to invoke the script is by calling the plugin with no parameters :
The above will render the following :
The plugin works by taking the inner HTML of the specified container obviously assuming that it is valid LaTeX , and displays the image using CodeCogs LaTeX engine .
The rendered output replaces the equation inside the container .
The plugin also accepts 3 optional parameters :
The format parameter is used to specify the format of the returned output .
There are currently 3 supported formats :
The url parameter is used to change the engine of the LaTeX generator .
Let 's take an example with a different engine , and in this case I will be using SITMO 's LaTeX engine
The url SITMO 's engine uses to render the output is as follows : whereis the the LaTeX equation you wish to render .
Now we must tell the plugin where to put the equation and we do this by using thespecifier .
This is how it can be used :
As you can see from the above example , we placed thespecifier where the equation should be and then the engine takes care of the rest .
Here is an example of using the new engine to render the output :
The plugin currently supports another specifier : and this is used for those engines that allow you to specify a file - format output .
The file - types that are currently supported are the ones mentioned in thesection .
If we take the ' original ' engine url , we can turn into a url with specifiers like such :
Here are examples of Engines you can use ( ready with specifiers ) :
The callback parameter allows you to pass a function that will be executed after the image has been retrieved .
In your callback function , will refer to the newly created element ( as a jQuery object ) that contains the rendered output .
The following example will set a border around your rendered output .
With the above callback , we can now render the following :
James Cameron 's megahit Avatar never explains how the Na'vi people go about getting it on .
But apparently , the DVD will give a full run-down on the topic ... and it may raise some potentially squicky issues .
Advertisement
In the film , Jake Sully ( Sam Worthington ) " mates " with Neytiri ( Zoe Saldana ) under the magic tree .
The two share deep meaningful yellow - eyed stares and then one long kiss , and in hindsight it 's slightly weird that another alien species would actually " kiss " each other — an extremely Earthling thing to do — but whatever .
We then cut relatively quickly to the " morning after " moments .
Leaving us to wonder , how do they do it ?
In a group interview , Saldana explained what we were missing , and gave us some clues as to how the Na'vi people do the blue deed .
Apparently the hair tail syncing system , which the Na'vi use for just about everything , is heavily involved .
If you sync to your banshee and you 're syncing to a tree , why not sync into a person ?
I almost feel like you 'll have the most amazing orgasm , I guess .
It was a very funny scene to shoot because there were so many technical things that sometimes you have to keep in mind that paying attention to all those might disrupt the fluidity of how a scene is supposed to take place .
And because Jim was shooting for a PG - 13 rating , we could n't move in certain directions .
The motion would look a little too past the PG - 13 rating standards .
So it was really funny for Sam and me .
We had a lot of giggles there .
Advertisement
Alright , she 's not revealing a ton , but is she implying that there 's something under those little brown loincloths ?
I 'm assuming that 's what she meant by " certain directions . "
If not , then we'd have to assume that Na'vi mating only includes the hair tail syncing system .
Which puts us in a bit of a dirty little conundrum .
If syncing up basically means " the most amazing orgasm " ever , um , what does it mean when the Na'vi are syncing up to the rest of the Pandorian wildlife ?
Can the animals really consent , or even understand what 's going on here ?
I guess we 'll have to wait until the DVD is released , since James Cameron himself promised to a group of reporters that the scene would be on there , but we 're guessing it will be pretty tame because of the aforementioned PG - 13 rating .
We had it in and we cut it out .
So that will be something for the special edition DVD , if you want to see how they have sex .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Until the DVD , or until we get our hands on some Na'vi fanfic .
But for now we 'll keep wondering just why everyone was so extra smiley face * nudge nudge wink wink * happy while riding their dragons .
[ via Reelz Channel ]
Fugitive Kevin Polwart left a graffiti taunt to police before breaking out of prison : " catch me if u can . "
Police this evening released an image of a crudely drawn rabbit with the taunt drawn on a concrete slab at Auckland Prison at Paremoremo where he escaped from on Wednesday .
Detective Senior Sergeant Kim Libby of the North Shore CIB said Polwart displayed both arrogance and confidence in provoking police .
ON THE RUN : Kevin Polwart .
It is Polwart 's second prison escape , and in 1999 he made headlines for making phone calls to media baiting police while on the run after an armed heist of an Armourguard van .
Police were speaking to relatives and associates and making inquiries in areas where he has known connections , including the Wellington and Northland regions .
There have been no confirmed sightings of him since his escape .
Police said Polwart was likely to implicate others such as family and associates to help him avoid capture as he started to feel the pressure of being on the run .
Anyone who assists
Polwart willingly faces serious criminal charges , police said .
Police urged Polwart to hand himself in , and said they would manage his safe repatriation .
The public is warned not to approach Polwart , but to call police immediately on 111 .
Anonymous information can be passed to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
Polwart was jailed for 10 years after he and his brother Leslie Polwart , armed with shotguns , held up an Armourguard van in Paraparaumu in 1999 .
He gave himself up after six weeks .
In 2001 he cut through a fence at Rimutaka Prison using a cellphone from inside the jail to call a taxi - and went on the run for 41 days .
While on the run he held up an Auckland security guard and made off with $ 60,000 before being captured during a police raid on a house in Porirua .
Armourguard have stepped up their security since Polwart 's latest escape .
They are thought to have been confused by the fact the victim was disguised in dark goat skins , which are used to camouflage and to mislead their prey .
I ’ve just found this fascinating 2007 snippet from the European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience on Adolf Hitler ’s mysteriously missing psychiatric file from the time he was admitted to hospital following First World War injuries .
The article mentions that he was reportedly diagnosed with hysterical or non-organic blindness , something that nowadays would be diagnosed as dissociative disorder or conversion disorder , which signifies that a seemingly ‘ physical ’ problem occurs without any detectable physical origin .
The traditional and still popular explanation is that the mind is converting trauma to a physical symptom to protect itself from distress , although there is not a great deal of evidence for this theory .
However , it seems his file from this hospital admission disappeared and everyone who had knowledge about the case was apparently killed by the SS .
The recent 60 years anniversary of the end of World War II and the Nazi regime may be reason for a short psychiatric - historical note to point out a frequently overlooked detail of Hitler ’s life ‚Äîhis hidden psychiatric biography .
Besides his extreme anti-semitism , mentally ill were among the most threatened individuals with some 200,000 being killed .
This was made public during World War II by the Muenster cardinal Galen who most recently was beatified by pope Benedikt XVI .
While Hitler ’s late Parkinson disease has attracted some attention , his former functional ‚ Äòhysteric ‚
Äô blindness is almost unknown .
In fact on 14th October 1918 Hitler , who served as a private in World War I , survived a mustard gas attack in Belgium near Ypern .
There are some reports that he consecutively had a mild resultant conjunctivitis .
He also suffered from nonorganic blindness .
His further treatment is nearly unknown .
Hitler was transferred to the military hospital in Pasewalk near Stettin / Baltic sea .
Prof .
Forster , chair at that psychiatric clinic , treated him by using hypnosis .
Hitler was discharged on 19th November 1918 and never mentioned this period again .
His treatment is proven by eyewitness of Dr. Karl Kroner who later reported the facts to the US intelligence Office of Strategic Services ( OSS ) .
Hitlers
‚Äô file disappeared and all people who were closely involved or had special knowledge of this file were killed by the ‚ÄòGestapo ‚ Äô , including Prof .
Forster who probably was forced to commit suicide on 9th November 1933 .
Before that he succeeded in presenting these documents to exile writers in Paris where his brother was employed at the German embassy .
The German Jewish writer Ernst Weiss , a physician himself , used the original documents in his novel ‚ ÄòDer Augenzeuge ‚Äô ( The Eyewitness ) before he committed suicide during the German occupation of Paris on 6th May 1940 .
The original file is lost but for all we know Hitler had a psychiatric history , which may not explain his savage ideas but throws an interesting light on his anti-psychiatric attitude .
Maybe it ’s in the Albert Hall , along with that other important medical artefact from the F√ºhrer .
However , I note from the Wikipedia page on Hitler ’s medical history that there have been many claims about Hitler ’s health , many of them not well verified .
Nevertheless , he was subject to not one , but two , wartime Freudian character analyses commissioned by the OSS – the forerunner to the CIA .
The first was completed by psychologist Henry Murray and the second by psychoanalyst Walter Langer .
The reports have many oddities and are largely opinion but they concluded that Hitler was a neurotic psychopath , probably had paranoid schizophrenia , was likely impotent , was a repressed homosexual and , most famously , would likely kill himself .
Although to be fair , the latter point did not describe dying a miserable death in a bunker but included various movie - style scenarios where he would blow himself up in a dynamite rigged mountain , use a single silver bullet or throw himself off a parapet as troops came to take him prisoner .
I ’ve no idea how useful these reports ever were but they probably tell us more about the trends in psychology of the time than anything about the Nazi leader ’s mind .
UPDATE : Grabbed from the comments …
There ’s an excellent post on the wartime character analysis reports over at the Providentia blog .
Link to short article on ‘ Hitler ‚ Äôs missing psychiatric file ’ .
Cerrajeros Alicante
Cerrajeros Alicante ponemos a su disposición un equipo calificado de especialistas que se encargan de asesorar en todo lo referente a la realización de trabajos de cerrajeros .
De manera personalizada , contará con la atención necesaria de nuestros cerrajeros económicos para contestar todas sus dudas e inquietudes .
Nos ajustamos a sus necesidades y requerimientos , por lo que cuente con una atención de primera en todos nuestros servicios .
Si se le presenta alguna avería con los bombillos de seguridad de sus puertas , llame a nuestros Cerrajeros Alicante y tenga la solución en el menor tiempo posible .
Al llamarnos , podrá obtener el presupuesto de nuestro trabajo de forma directa y adaptada a sus requerimientos de tiempo , ubicación y rapidez .
Estamos en la capacidad de realizar todos los cambios de bombillos que necesite , siempre garantizando trabajos de calidad .
Cerca de usted , Cerrajeros Alicante nos trasladamos de manera segura con todas las herramientas y equipos necesarios para solucionar su avería .
Con este servicio , podrá solucionar sus inconvenientes con sus bombillos de seguridad , por lo que puede estar tranquilo y confiado .
A un precio accesible , le ofrecemos el contar con nuestro equipo las 24 horas al día en cualquier momento para realizar su cambio .
Algunos de nuestros servicios más demandados son :
Servicio urgente de apertura de puertas
Cierres metálicos y persianas : instalaciones y reparaciones
Reparación e instalación de candados de última generación
Reparaciones de cerrajería
Amaestramientos e igualamientos de llaves
Cerraduras de seguridad para particulares y empresas
Reparar cajas fuertes
Cuente con el servicio y la calidad que solo nosotros podemos ofrecer .
Con todo un equipo de profesionales disponibles , de seguro siempre habrá un especialista dispuesto a acudir de forma inmediata hasta el lugar donde desee la labor .
Entendemos la importancia de cambiar sus bombillos ante una avería , por lo que solucionar su inconveniente es nuestra prioridad .
No tenga dudas en nuestros servicios , somos profesionales a su disposición .
Como una forma de otorgar comodidad y seguridad en la apertura de puertas dentro de su hogar , consultorio u oficina , nuestros expertos le ayudarán al adiestramiento de los bombillos de seguridad para adaptarlos y unificar un solo juego de llaves .
Con nosotros , podrá tener este servicio de forma rápida y confiable a su alcance .
Solicite toda la información que desee a nuestro personal calificado .
Con la facilidad de contar con este sistema de seguridad , ajustamos todos sus bombillos a una sola llave maestra .
No dude en llamarnos .
A través de este sistema , su vida se hará más fácil y práctica .
Sin tener que utilizar una gran cantidad de llaves , nuestros especialistas le ayudarán a innovar en la seguridad y manejo del resguardo de sus inmuebles .
Cuente con la confiabilidad que solo nosotros le ofrecemos , a unos precios accesibles y dispuestos los 365 días de año en atenderlo .
Consulte los costos y presupuestos de nuestro servicio , y cuente con personal experto para unificar la utilización de sus llaves dentro de sus instalaciones .
Quédese tranquilo mientras nuestros expertos hacen su trabajo , con los cerrajeros 24 horas su seguridad está garantizada .
Nuestro personal está certificado para ofrecerle un servicio de calidad , sin hacer ningún daño a su puerta en la apertura .
Nos trasladamos donde y cuando usted lo solicite .
Si ha tenido problemas con los cilindros de la cerradura también le podremos ofrecer un excelente servicio .
Las llaves son instrumentos muy pequeños que permitirán proteger algún bien , o simplemente el acceso a un sitio .
Las llaves son usadas para cerrar cerraduras , cada una tiene un uso particular .
Con el tiempo han mejorado y actualizado las cerraduras .
Ayudándole a proteger sus bienes , pero cada mejora a la cerradura implica una mejora a la llave .
Sin embargo , las llaves tienen una particularidad , y es que se pierde , se parten , se desgastan .
Dificultando a usted abrir o cerrar la puerta , bóveda , caja fuerte o vehículo .
Es entonces cuando nuestro servicio de eficiente de cerrajería le puede tender a mano .
Si es usted de los que siempre pierden las llaves , o las deja dentro de su casa , cuente con nosotros para resolver sus problemas , aquí ofrecemos un servicio de calidad , dispuesto a trasladarse a la brevedad y ayudarlo con los inconvenientes .
Empresa de cerrajería en Alicante
Cerrajeros baratos Alicante somos una empresa de servicio con años en el mercado de la cerrajería .
Nos especializamos en el mantenimiento , reparación , instalación de cilindros , candados , cerraduras de todo tipo .
Somos una compañía certificada que ofrece servicio técnico especializado para instalación de cerraduras desde las más sencillas hasta las más complejas que garantizan seguridad a su casa o negocio .
Trabajamos con servicio para candados y cerrojos de alta seguridad .
Abrimos candados y bóvedas , cajas de seguridad , y cajas fuertes .
Nuestros técnicos calificados pueden servirle en la apertura de cajas fuertes de teclados , mecánicas o electrónicas .
Igualmente podemos instalar sistemas de seguridad para que su propiedad esté más segura .
Nuestro objetivo es ofrecerle un servicio oportuno y eficiente las 24 horas del día para satisfacer sus necesidades .
Ofreciéndole la calidad que usted merece , con personal calificado y certificado que le permitirá estar y sentirse seguro y confiado siempre .
Un servicio a la altura de sus necesidades .
Cerrajeros urgentes Alicante sabemos las necesidades de abrir una cerradura de urgencia .
Nuestro personal calificado está dispuesto a trasladarse a la brevedad posible .
Buscamos ser eficientes y eficaces en nuestro trabajo , ofreciendo un trato humano y confiable .
Cerrajeros baratos Alicante
Y por supuesto , si tiene alguna otra pregunta con respecto a su seguridad y lo que puede hacer para mejorar la integridad de la misma , nosotros somos los chicos y chicas con los que puede hablar .
Con dedicación a su seguridad , cerrajeros Alicante siempre tratamos cada hogar como si fuera nuestro .
Y si , por ejemplo , desea que se realice una inspección de seguridad en su propiedad , también recibirá asesoramiento de un experto .
Cerrajeros 24 horas Alicante
Aquí se trabaja con profesiones , poseen estudios con buenas calificaciones , si buscan a alguien profesional nosotros somos tu mejor alternativa , desde hace mucho tiempo te hemos traído muchos servicios y lo hemos hecho con mucho profesionalismo , nos sentimos capaces de solucionarte cualquier problema , así que deja de confiar en los cerrajeros 24 horas Alicante y busca un profesional de verdad .
Hay que destacar que casi todas las cerraduras de alta seguridad tienen componentes diseñados para resistir la manipulación de los ataques de bloqueo y decodificación .
Los pines de seguridad son el ejemplo más popular de componentes anti-manipulación en cerraduras pin-tumbler .
Algunas cerraduras también tienen componentes diseñados para resistir la impresión y golpear la llave .
Obtenga acceso rápido con nuestro servicio de cerrajeros 24 horas Alicante en cualquier momento
El uso de clavijas complejas frustra los ataques mediante la manipulación , haciendo más difícil insertar y maniobrar las herramientas dentro de la cerradura .
Las cerraduras de alta seguridad tradicionalmente ofrecen un número muy alto de claves reales y teóricas que difieren para evitar el cruce de claves y permitir configuraciones complejas de claves maestras .
Cerrajero emergencia Alicante
Piensas que tu cerradura de seguridad es muy difícil de encontrar porque la quieres igual , tengo una maravillosa noticia , nosotros te búscanos la cerradura , dinos el color tipo y marca que cerrajero emergencia Alicante la llevamos lo único que tienes que hacer es llamarnos a toda hora , que no tienes más trabajo que hacer , por eso somos profesionales que vienen a darte solución , no problemas .
Ya toda la provincia de Alicante nos está buscando , solo faltas tu , hacemos que tu inversión valga la pena , todos nuestros precios son muy económicos , estamos para todos los bolsillos , deja esa errónea idea de que lo bueno siempre es caro , ¡aquí no !
Aquí lo bueno sale barato y te lo dice esos 20 años que llevamos liderando el mercado , ¡llama ya !
Cerrajerías en Alicante
Te debe haber pasado , el servicio que tienes no lo debes haber encontrado , pero aquí no , todo lo que concierne a nuestro rubro lo tenemos , desde mano de obra hasta instalación y reparación , mucho habrás escuchado de las aberturas de puerta , ¡claro !
Si muchos ofrecen este servicio pero dañando tu puerta , con nosotros recibirán un servicio de calidad , sin ultrajar tu puerta .
También realizamos aperturas judiciales en Alicante .
Deja de preocuparte por olvidar las llaves , que la mejor solución te la damos ahora , este es el servicio que mas realizamos en toda la provincia , somos los únicos que lo resolviendo con gran eficacia , en solo 5 minutos , es el tiempo que bastara para que ya estés dentro , así que deja de perder dinero con otros , cámbiate ahora .
Tu estabas buscando profesionales que cumplan con tus exigencias , hacemos eso y más , ¿ya llevas mucho tiempo afuera ? , que esperas levanta tu teléfono y llámanos que llegaremos en menos de 30 minutos , si vives en Alicante capital búscanos ahora , estamos disponibles las 24 horas del día , este servicio también lo ofrecemos todos los días del año , así que experimenta esta gran calidad de profesionales y te quedaras sin palabras .
¿ Aquién no le han robado alguna vez ? , claro sufrimos por esas constantes inseguridades , ¿ya te paso ?
O ¿quieres prevenir ?
La mejor solución es que cambies las cerraduras de tu casa , ¿no sabes a quien llamar en esos casos ? , pues llámanos , en cerrajero 24h Alicante también ofrecemos ese servicio desde la comodidad de tu hogar , basta llamar y contarnos tu problema y nosotros acudiremos hasta tu casa .
Para nosotros , estar ahí cuando más lo necesitas , cuando más te ayuda , es importante .
Y para estar siempre preparado para su llamada y poder hacer frente a su situación de bloqueo de emergencia tan rápidamente como sea posible .
Al disponer del número de teléfono de cerrajero 24 horas Alicante , nunca tendrá que sentir el horrible pánico de ser bloqueado sin tener a quien recurrir .
El tiempo que transcurre desde su llamada hasta la resolución de su situación siempre tiene como objetivo ser el más rápido posible , el cerrajero urgente Alicante entiende la necesidad de rapidez y su necesidad de comodidad .
En cerrajeros Alicante sabemos que la vida es desafiante a veces y lo último que necesitas es estar encerrado fuera de tu propia casa .
O cuando no pueda cerrar la puerta con llave cuando el vuelo salga en breve .
Inspecciones de seguridad de empresas por parte de locksmith Alicante
Puertas de seguridad , rejas , barras , persianas y de un conjunto de diferentes sistemas de cierre y múltiples sistemas de alta seguridad en cerrajería .
Cerrajeros urgencias Alicante entendemos la necesidad de personalización , ya que cada local y entorno es único , por lo que cada solución de seguridad debe adaptarse a la situación en cuestión .
Por supuesto , los profesionales también pueden ayudarte con tus necesidades de puertas de garaje Alicante , y si tienes alguna pregunta , por favor , no dudes en ponerte en contacto con nosotros .
Apertura de cajas fuertes en Alicante
¿ Como abrir una caja fuerte sin combinación ?
Olvidaste la clave , o deseas instalarla ya , deja de buscar , llámanos que al final tu caja fuerte de nuestra apertura saldrá sin necesitad de golpearla ni hacerle daños , búscanos ahora y repara tu caja fuerte para que no pierda la seguridad que te ofrece , esos documentos importantes , las joyas , no pueden estar fuera , repáralo ahora y pon las cosas en un lugar seguro , búscanos ahora , que estamos ansiosos de demostrarte nuestro trabajo , hazlo ahora .
Cuente con la seguridad de que nuestro personal está dispuesto a ayudarlo , de forma rápida porque entendemos su emergencia .
Para estos casos , tenga a la mano la información necesaria , y cuente con el trato amable y confiable de nuestros especialistas quienes le ayudarán en resolver su avería .
Para este servicio , no dude en llamarnos en el momento de su urgencia que siempre estamos dispuestos en atenderle .
Y lo que es mas encuentra este servicio de cerrajero económico en Alicante , rápido y todos los días las 24 horas y los 365 días , no descansamos para nada , si tienes un problema con tu caja fuerte llámanos en cualquier momentos , si deseas instalarla también llámanos , ya no esperes más por arreglar esa caja fuerte que tanta seguridad te ofrece y confía en nosotros los profesionales .
Reparación puertas automáticas de garaje en Alicante
Reparación de cerraduras
Ofrecemos un servicio de reparación de cerraduras para los casos de llaves que se parten en la cerradura .
De esta manera ofrecemos alternativas para que pueda conservar su cerradura sin ningún daño .
Instalación de cerraduras
Realizamos la instalación de cerraduras que desea , según las necesidades o proyectos que tenga .
Si está en sus planes renovar las cerraduras porque las que tenía cumplieron la vida útil , o simplemente quiere aumentar su seguridad , contamos con profesionales especializados que lo harán con calidad de primera .
Además , podemos ofrecerle asesoría con nuestros técnicos capacitados .
Tendrá un trabajo garantizado .
Amaestramiento de llaves
El amaestramiento de llaves es un servicio recomendado para residencias , oficinas , o su vivienda .
No adivine cual es la llave de cada cerrojo , evite los riesgos que esto implica con el amaestramiento que nuestro personal certificado le brinda .
Instalación de puertas de seguridad
Si tiene como proyecto reemplazar la puerta tradicional de su casa o negocio , por una de seguridad , nosotros con gusto le ayudaremos , nuestro personal certificado le garantizara un trabajo excelente .
Trabajamos con puertas de todo tipo , desde automáticas , acorazadas y puertas blindadas .
Para cada una de estas puertas , podemos realizar la instalación de sus cerraduras de forma adecuada de acuerdo a las características particulares de funcionamiento .
Las puertas blindadas son aquellas que brindan una protección adicional contra impacto de balas , por lo que viene reforzada en su material lo que las hace más seguras y resistentes .
Nuestros expertos trabajan con este tipo de puerta , por lo que puede estar tranquilo si necesita instalar o cambiar su cerradura .
De igual forma , las puertas automáticas también presentan cerraduras de acuerdo a sus características , al igual que las puertas acorazadas .
En todos los casos , contamos con un equipo de expertos calificados para hacer posible la instalación o sustitución de su cerradura de forma rápida y eficiente .
Reparación de persianas metálicas en Alicante
Pues más y más , también pensando en ti pusimos a tu disposición el servicio de reparación de persianas ¡claro que sí !
Y no necesitas hacer más que solo llamarnos , nosotros vamos hasta tu hogar para ofrecerte la mejor de las soluciones , pensamos en ti y trabajamos solo para ti , te ofrecemos un servicio de cerrajero en Alicante capital especializado .
Si la competencia te dijo que ya no había solución , búscanos que nosotros le damos solución a todo , superamos esos grandes retos , tú debes tenernos algún reto , dejamos demostrarte que aquí se trabaja con profesionales no con técnicos , lo que tu tienes para nosotros es pan comido , ¡búscanos ya !
Los diferentes tipos de cerraduras de puerta
Las cerraduras de las puertas vienen en todo tipo de modelos , formas y tamaños .
La seguridad y la facilidad de uso son los principales puntos a tener en cuenta a la hora de elegir una cerradura de puerta .
Para definir el tipo de cerradura adecuado , depende del modelo de puerta , del material y del sentido de giro .
Las cerraduras de puerta más utilizadas son los cilindros de puerta , que también vienen en muchas versiones .
Vamos a enumerar los diferentes tipos de cerraduras .
Diferentes estilos de cerraduras de puerta con tiradores
Al fabricar una cerradura de puerta , los fabricantes prestan especial atención a la seguridad : es difícil diseñar viviendas modernas sin cerraduras de seguridad .
Pero la estética de la cerradura también es importante !
Como resultado , cada vez se presta más atención al diseño de la manilla de la puerta .
Estos últimos , a menudo con un aspecto sorprendente , deben adaptarse perfectamente a puertas y ventanas .
Las manillas están disponibles en muchos materiales y estilos , al igual que las puertas y ventanas : clásicas , modernas y rústicas .
Vista general de los cierres de las puertas
Cerradura de seguridad multipunto
Este tipo de cerradura se utiliza cada vez más , especialmente para proteger contra robos .
Esta cerradura tiene al menos tres o incluso cinco puntos de cierre que se extienden por toda la longitud de la puerta .
Todos estos puntos se manejan con una sola llave y no requieren manijas adicionales para las puertas .
En cuanto a la protección contra robos , es sin duda la mejor en cerraduras de puertas .
Cerradura de embutir
Esta cerradura se coloca en la puerta y , por lo tanto , es invisible una vez que se cierra la puerta .
El espesor de la puerta es la condición para la instalación de esta cerradura : debe tener un espesor superior a 4 cm .
Las cerraduras de embutir se pueden combinar siempre con una manivela de seguridad y un cilindro perfilado .
Este tipo de cerradura se encuentra a menudo en puertas de madera .
Siéntase libre de llamar en cualquier momento , y no olvide que también disponemos de cerrajeros Alicante 24 horas si alguna vez tiene una necesidad desesperada .
Con cerrajeros Alicante baratos puede estar seguro de que las respuestas y los consejos se basan en la formación , la experiencia práctica y un esfuerzo continuo por mantenerse al día con lo último y lo más reciente .
Nuestros cerrajeros de seguridad Alicante están encantados de garantizar la mejor calidad y con la información actualizada sobre las nuevas amenazas , siempre estamos informados de lo que se necesita para mantener su hogar lo más seguro posible .
Al elegir a nuestro equipo para sus servicios y asesoramiento , usted puede eliminar sus propias preocupaciones y estrés con respecto a la seguridad de su hogar o su negocio y dejarlo en manos de alguien con experiencia en el campo .
Cerraduras de sobreponer
Una cerradura de sobreponer no está montada en una puerta , sino en ella .
Consiste en una carcasa con o sin cilindro exterior fijo , así como un pestillo de leva integrado .
Aunque este tipo de cerradura ya no se utiliza en las nuevas construcciones , sigue siendo frecuente en las casas antiguas .
Porque cuanto más se revela el mecanismo de bloqueo , más probable es que los ladrones lo fuercen !
Solicite un presupuesto de cerrajero 24h alicante
¿ Está buscando un servicio de cerrajería que destaquen en el campo de las aperturas de puertas y cambio de cerraduras ?.
Póngase en contacto con nosotros para obtener un presupuesto barato o un asesoramiento personalizado !
Si tienes algún problema con la puerta o la cerradura somos tu mejor solución .
Para que te sientas mas seguro de trabajar con nosotros , te ofrecemos una garantía de hasta 3 meses que mas te podemos ofrecer para que te sientas mas que segura con tu inversión , esto no será necesario porque solucionamos todos perfectamente , deja ya de perder dinero en otros lados , confía en nosotros que solucionamos todo en la mayor rapidez , en esos problemas de urgencia somos tu mejor alternativa de solución .
Paga menos por un servicios de calidad , déjanos formar parte de tu vida , y busca cerrajeros en Alicante capital de confianza que este siempre para ayudarte , solo los líderes en el mercado , que no te lo cuenten , compruébalo tu mismo y quédate satisfecho con este gran trabajo , cumplimos todas tus exigencias , esos mayores retos están para solucionarlos no para botarlos así que llámanos .
Cerrajeros urgentes Alicante
Llámanos ahora que estamos a la espera de tu llamada , iremos en menos de 30 minutos hasta tu hogar , la ciudad ya confía en nosotros , faltas tú , las 24 horas del día encontraras a los Cerrajeros Alicante centro aptos y listos para trabajar profesionalmente como lo vienen haciendo estos 20 años dejando a muchas personas contentas y satisfechas , no es mentira , está comprobado , por algo estamos este largo tiempo liderando el mercado ¿te vas a quedar perdiendo dinero ?
¡ Llámanos hoy !
Nos caracterizamos por esforzarnos para que usted tenga un servicio de cerrajería intachable y que pueda resolver todos sus problemas , somos la empresa de cerrajería más conocida en el país y con una gran trayectoria en el área .
Nuestros precios no tienen comparación , en vista de que nuestra tarifas son realmente accesibles a su bolsillo , por lo tanto , en ningún momento se llevara sorpresas con los precios porque siempre le sugerimos que pida un presupuesto por escrito , de esta manera puede quedarse tranquilo .
¡ LLAME AHORA !
Thursday , 24th September 2020
Built on an unwavering commitment to 100 % organic , ethically and sustainably sourced food , Biona began life on a kitchen table in London over 35 years ago .
Good for you , great for the planet - discover more about the benefits of going organic with Biona , as well as a number of nutritious organic recipes from the band .
Read the full story
Currently our laws grossly ignore parental alienation as nothing more than an act of absconding ( ie , running away ) .
However , running away means to take oneself .
Abduction and kidnapping means to take someone else .
Most children are too young or too used to going with a parent that they are unaware that any crime is being committed and in many cases are brainwashed into thinking that they were being abused .
ABSCOND - Etymology : Latin abscondere to hide away , from abs- + condere to store up , conceal Date : circa 1578 :
1 : to depart secretly and hide oneself
ABDUCT - Etymology : Latin abductus , past participle of abducere , literally , to lead away , from ab- + ducere to lead Date : 1825
1 : to seize and take away ( as a person ) by force
2 : to draw or spread away ( as a limb or the fingers ) from a position near or parallel to the median axis of the body or from the axis of a limb
Currently in most states , courts and law enforcement reduce the act of parental alienation to nothing more than a civil matter that is misclassified as absconding .
Any parent and child ( ren ) who has been through parental alienation know that it is nothing shy of abduction , kidnapping and in some cases holding a child for ransom .
As you can see from the Webster dictionary definitions it is clear that to abscond is to “ hide oneself ” where abduct is “ to seize and take away . ”
Many children are not old enough to know what is happening to them and therefore the act of parental alienation is a gross injustice .
Currently this biased view gives unjust enrichment and discriminatory power to one parent .
By simply creating the custody order at the time of birth you can resolve nearly 100 % all of parental alienations and reduce courts caseload dramatically because you have removed a HUGE grey area that plague parents , children , law enforcement and the courts .
Parental Alienation is just starting to be recognized as a serious form child and spousal abuse and therefore I must ask that we give children and both biological parents the justice that they deserve .
Our children are more than “ just a civil matter ” ; they are humans who rate human rights , they are children who rate biological rights and they are citizens who should be protected by our states and above all else our nation .
Our current child support system , our courts , and attorneys are given the power and authority to hold children hostage for money .
I am calling for revisions to all U.S. Federal , State and Local Codes to reflect that acts of parental alienation are felony acts of child abduction and / or kidnapping as may apply to each case .
Many acts of parental alienation are malicious acts of vengeance against the other spouse and therefore need to be judged according to the time a child is kept from the other biological parent barring true and just cause .
Limiting the amount of time that a child can be kept from visitation , communication and other legal rights that both biological parents possess would help reduce the courts case loads .
Stephen Ricket
www.WheresDADDY.org
www.AChildsRights.org
Alice is a 26 - year old woman , who moves to São Paulo after her father 's unexpected death .
In this intense and eclectic city , she starts to live life to the fullest , discover pleasures , chalk up successes and fearlessly face her failures .
Infinity Ward needs to realize that talking to people in the PC community does not end well for the buzz around its game .
The lack of dedicated servers was " announced " during an interview with a gaming podcast , and the interviewers were stunned into silence when they were basically told their community , as they knew it , was dead .
They would have to learn to adapt to Infinity Ward controlling all aspects of the servers , or move onto another game .
More recently , Best Buy hosted an online chat between gamers and Mackey McCandlish and Ryan Lastimosa from Infinity Ward .
The floor was open for questions , and the pair systematically crushed any hope that the PC version of the game would even attempt to make gamers happy , or allow for what the community has been taking for granted for years .
We 're going to take a look at some of the more telling questions from this session , and give our thoughts on why this is bad , bad news .
Josh111 : PC Question ...
What will the max amount of players per map be for PC multiplayer on IW.
net Vince - IW : 9v9
No matter how good a connection the host has , no matter how powerful your dedicated server was , the maximum number of players online is 18 .
If you have a larger clan , you 're out of luck .
If you 're waiting for someone to create a custom map to allow larger groups , do n't bother .
There is no news on mod tools or the ability to add your own content into the locked - down server structure .
Infinity Ward says the maps are balanced for only nine players per side , but they also say there is no lean in the game because the game " is n't balanced for lean . "
Remember , you can easily answer any inconvenient questions by saying it would ruin the game 's balance .
Somehow , I doubt between the past games and this one they 've forgotten how to implement lean .
Likewise , with the ability to run your own servers players can decide what size games they 'd like to play on , or use new maps that are larger .
As the system is set up now , however , that is simply not an option .
Q : Is there a console in the PC version of the game , so we can change our field of view from the xbox 's default 65 FOV to 80 also can we tweaks the weapon damage for each gun , removes perks , graphical debris , breathing sway , also thru console like we where able to before or is this all gone ?
Vince - IW : We would like you to play the game the way we designed and balanced it .
The lack of console commands is going to be something that may not make the headlines , but may be one of the most annoying omissions to the game .
The ability to tweak and adjust your play experience through the console is something PC gamers have enjoyed since ... well , since there has been modern gaming .
There is a long list of adjustments and tweaks gamers can make to titles like Borderlands on the PC in order to adjust settings .
Now you 're locked into whatever options Infinity Ward sees fit to put into the menus .
This is , for all intents and purposes , a console game that plays on your PC .
You wo n't be able to make any tweaks , you can't adjust anything , and even better ?
You wo n't be able to make recordings of your matches .
The question in the chat showed just how far the gulf between what gamers want and what Infinity Ward is giving them has become .
" Is there a / record feature ?
Answer yes ... please .
We 're trying to give you a ' chance ' , " the gamer asked .
The answer was a simple " No . "
DudezTY : Since we cannot kick people in ranked matches , how will we stop hackers who get past VAC ?
Mackey - IW : Our goal is to ban hackers from the game .
It 's a shame that it 's impossible to show a jaw dropping on an online chat .
There will be no way to kick players , and Infinity Ward seems sure they 'll simply be able to keep hackers and cheaters from playing .
That 's a pipe dream , of course , but with no control in the hands of the players , no ability to control who is hosting , and no ability to kick or ban players from your game , you 're just going to have to take their word for it .
kaRMa : Please give me a direct answer .
On the PC version .
Are all games hosted by players , and is there a five - second delay when host migration is in effect ?
Vince - IW : yes .
Why is this a problem ?
Because Infinity Ward also revealed in the chat that the game will pick who hosts .
You have no control over it .
If the host leaves , there will be a five - second delay while the game picks the next best host .
Players have no way of controlling who is hosting , and of course we know there will be no dedicated servers .
The host will of course have a ping advantage , which should be mitigated by the software " having a great tolerance for latency , " and a five - second pause if the host rage - quits before the game restarts will ruin any flow the game enjoyed until that point .
What 's more interesting is that they said ISPs will have to deal with you hosting games , even if there is language against running servers in their usage agreement .
Infinity Ward 's response is that since this is n't a " permanent " server , they have to deal with it .
When someone else asked what would happen if their ISP throttled traffic that comes from running a server , they were told that " only players capable of hosting will host . "
They better hope that no ISPs get upset , because there is no way for any player to control who hosts .
You ca n't opt out of hosting .
If the host quits , the game stops for five seconds while the next one is selected by the software .
This is good for gamers ... somehow .
Moriarte : Ignoring IW.net , is the PC version a direct port of the console version ?
Mackey - IW : No , PC has custom stuff like mouse control , text chat in game , and graphics settings .
This is the amount of work that went into the PC version : you are given the ability to use a mouse , to use text chat , and to adjust graphical settings .
Are your fears now put to rest ?
To sum it up
We thought the lack of dedicated servers was bad , but now we can add the lack of console commands , the inability to have a say in who hosts the game , a lengthy pause while the game migrates to a new host if the currently selected host quits , no leaning , no option to record matches , and no way to kick or block trouble players , hackers , or cheaters .
You have to wonder if there are any actual PC gamers working at Infinity Ward , as it will be a challenge to find any member of the PC gaming community that will stand up for any of these omissions , not to mention all of them bundled together .
At launch , this will be one of the most locked - down , inflexible , and gamer - unfriendly game ever created .
It wo n't stay that way , of course .
The pirates will have the game up on the torrent sites soon , if they have n't already , and the code will be ripped apart and modded to allow everything gamers want .
How quickly will dedicated servers pop up for these pirates ?
It 's hard to say ... but we have a feeling it wo n't be long .
Those that buy the game legally will have no choice but to play exactly how the developer and publisher want them to .
On the other hand , this has given us some incredibly amusing images from the peanut gallery .
The images were found on Evil Avatar 's discussion thread .
Welcome to the new face of PC gaming .
Chris Henry 's fiancée said Monday that she was n't driving fast when Henry was fatally injured after she says he jumped out of the back of a moving pickup she was driving on Dec. 16 .
" I think he thought maybe he was going to land .
He was going to land right , " Loleini ( Leini ) Tonga told ESPN Outside the Lines reporter John Barr in an interview , her first public comments about the day Henry died .
" I was n't going fast .
Maybe he was scared because he saw someone calling the police , " Tonga said .
Henry was taken off life support in North Carolina on Dec. 17 .
The official cause of death was listed as blunt - force trauma .
He was 26 .
The traffic incident , which is still under investigation , followed a domestic dispute between Henry and Tonga at the Charlotte home owned by Tonga 's parents , according to police .
Tonga would not say what the couple argued about but did acknowledge that there was a verbal argument and that she wanted to leave the home .
Tonga told Barr that Henry jumped , rather than fell , from the back of the pickup .
" He jumped , " she said .
" He jumped .
He jumped from the back of the car . "
Tonga did n't give a specific speed , but she said she was n't driving fast in the 35 - mph zone .
" I know I was n't going fast at all because I was trying to drive slow because I knew he was in the back standing up , " she said .
She also told Barr that she did n't stop because there was nowhere to stop on the road .
The interview will air Sunday on Outside The Lines ( 9 a.m. ET , ESPN ) .
A neighbor , Lee Hardy , said on the day Henry died that he heard Henry say that if Tonga kept driving , he 'd jump from the truck and kill himself .
Tonga does n't think that was the case .
" I have no idea what was going through his mind , " she said .
" But as far as him wanting to end his life , no , he had too much going on .
I know he would n't want to be gone away from his kids .
He loves his kids .
And everything was going really good .
It 's just that one day ... "
Henry was in North Carolina , where he had been recovering from a broken forearm that ended his season , and planning for his March wedding with Tonga .
Tonga denied media reports that the couple argued over wedding plans the day of Henry 's death .
Police said Henry and Tonga got into an argument at the Tonga family home and she drove away on a curvy residential street in suburban Charlotte .
Henry jumped into the truck 's bed .
A 911 caller told a dispatcher she saw a shirtless man wearing a cast " beating on the back of this truck window . "
Police said Tonga stopped to assist
Henry when he fell about a half - mile from the home .
Tonga and Henry had two children together , Chris Jr. and DeMarcus , and they also cared for Tonga 's other child , Seini .
Henry also leaves behind a fourth child , his daughter Denalya , from a previous relationship .
Information from ESPN Outside the Lines reporter John Barr and The Associated Press is included in this report .
SAN FRANCISCO 
In one small step for preservation and one giant leap of logic , the official historical commission of California voted Friday to protect two small urine collection devices , four space - sickness bags and dozens of other pieces of detritus , all currently residing nearly a quarter of a million miles from the state .
This is not a joke .
I repeat , Houston , not a joke .
Saying it wanted to raise awareness of both the state ’s cosmic contribution to the Apollo 11 moon mission and the potential threats from lunar interlopers , the California State Historical Resources Commission voted unanimously to designate more than 100 pieces of space trash , scientific apparatus and commemorative tokens to its list of protected resources .
Milford Wayne Donaldson , the state historic preservation officer , said the reasoning behind the first - of - its - kind designation was simple : Scores of California companies worked on the Apollo mission , and much of their handiwork remains of major historical value to the state , regardless of where it is now or what it was for used for then .
“ It has a significance that goes way further than whether it came from a quarter million miles away or not , ” Mr. Donaldson said .
“ They are all parts of the event . ”
You probably do n’t need a long synopsis of James Cameron ’s half - billion - dollar epic , “ Avatar , ” in part because even if you have n’t seen it , you ’ve seen it .
As many reviewers have noted , Cameron rips off Hollywood cliches to the point you could cut and paste dialogue from “ Pocahontas ” or “ Dances with Wolves ” into “ Avatar ” without appreciably changing the story .
In short , “ Avatar ” tells the tale of a disabled Marine , Jake Sully , who -- through the wonders of movie magic -- occupies the body of a 10 - foot - tall alien so he can live among the mystical forest denizens of the moon world Pandora .
Sully is sent in mufti , like a futuristic Lawrence of Arabia , to further the schemes of the evil corporate nature - rapists desperate to obtain the precious mineral “ unobtainium ” ( no , really ) .
Jake inevitably goes native , embraces the eco-faith of Pandora ’s Na’Vi inhabitants and their tree goddess , the “ all mother , ” and rallies the Pandoran aborigines ( not to mention the Pandoran ecosystem itself ) against the evil forces of a thinly veiled 22nd century combine of Blackwater and Halliburton .
The film has been subjected to a sustained assault from many on the right , most notably by Ross Douthat in the New York Times , as an “ apologia for pantheism . ”
Douthat ’s criticisms hit the mark , but the most relevant point was raised by John Podhoretz in the Weekly Standard .
Cameron wrote “ Avatar , ” says Podhoretz , “ not to be controversial , but quite the opposite :
He was making something he thought would be most pleasing to the greatest number of people . ”
What would have been controversial is if -- somehow -- Cameron had made a movie in which the good guys accepted Jesus Christ into their hearts .
Advertisement
Of course , that sounds outlandish and absurd , but that ’s the point , is n’t it ?
We live in an age in which it ’s the norm to speak glowingly of spirituality but derisively of traditional religion .
If the Na’Vi were Roman Catholics , there would be boycotts and protests .
Make the oversized Smurfs Rousseauian noble savages and everyone nods along , save for a few cranky right - wingers .
I ’m certainly one of those cranky right - wingers ( wanna see my decoder ring ? ) , though I probably enjoyed the movie as cinematic escapism as much as the next guy .
But what I find interesting about the film is how what is “ pleasing to the most people ” is so unapologetically religious .
Nicholas
Wade ’s new book , “ The Faith Instinct , ” lucidly compiles the scientific evidence supporting something philosophers have known for ages : Humans are hard - wired to believe in the transcendent .
That transcendence can be divine or simply Kantian , a notion of something unknowable from mere experience .
Either way , in the words of philosopher Will Herberg , “ Man is homo religiosus , by ‘ nature ’ religious : as much as he needs food to eat or air to breathe , he needs a faith for living . ”
Advertisement
Wade argues that the Darwinian evolution of man depended not only on individual natural selection but also on the natural selection of groups .
And groups that subscribe to a religious worldview are more apt to survive -- and hence pass on their genes .
Religious rules impose moral norms that facilitate collective survival in the name of a “ cause larger than yourself , ” to use a modern locution .
It ’s no wonder that everything from altruism to martyrdom is inextricably bound up in virtually every religion .
The faith instinct may be baked into our genes , but it is also profoundly malleable .
Robespierre , the French revolutionary who wanted to replace Christianity with a new “ age of reason , ” emphatically sought to exploit what he called the “ religious instinct which imprints upon our souls the idea of a sanction given to moral precepts by a power that is higher than man . ”
Many environmentalists are quite open about their desire to turn their cause into a religious imperative akin to the plight of the Na’Vi , hence Al Gore ’s uncontroversial insistence that global warming is a “ spiritual challenge to all of humanity . ”
The symbolism and rhetoric behind much of Barack Obama ’s campaign was overtly religious at times , as when he proclaimed that “ we are the ones we ’ve been waiting for ” -- a line that could have come straight out of the mouths of Cameron ’s Na’Vi .
What I find fascinating , and infuriating , is how the culture war debate is routinely described by antagonists on both sides as a conflict between the religious and the un-religious .
The faith instinct manifests itself across the ideological spectrum , even if it masquerades as something else .
Advertisement
On the right , many conservatives have been trying to fashion what might be called theological diversity amid moral unity .
Culturally conservative Catholics , Protestants and -- increasingly -- Jews find common cause .
The left is undergoing a similar process , but the terms of the debate are far more inchoate and fluid .
What is not happening is a similar effort between left and right , which is why the culture war , like the faith instinct , is n’t going away any time soon .
jgoldberg@latimescolumnists.com
EU : Jerusalem should be capital of two states
Jerusalem 's status is a core dispute between Israel and the Palestinians European Union ministers have called for Jerusalem to serve as the capital of both Israel and a future Palestinian state as part of a negotiated peace .
The foreign ministers dropped an earlier reference stating explicitly that East Jerusalem should be the capital of a Palestinian state .
Palestinians welcomed the statement .
Israel said it contained " nothing new " .
Jerusalem 's status is one of the most sensitive and complex issues in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
" If there is to be a genuine peace , a way must be found through negotiations to resolve the status of Jerusalem as the future capital of two states , " the statement from EU foreign minsters said .
" The EU will not recognise any changes to the pre-1967 borders including with regard to Jerusalem , other than those agreed by the parties . "
ANALYSIS Jeremy Bowen , BBC Middle East editor
The EU is trying to strengthen Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas .
One EU diplomatic source said that they wanted to give him " a ladder to climb down " to allow him to get back to negotiations .
The EU has said before that occupied East Jerusalem should be the capital of a Palestinian state , though never , EU diplomatic sources say , in this forum .
What is most important about the latest statement is its timing .
Hopes that President Obama would be able to make quick progress towards a peace based on Palestinian independence alongside Israel have been badly dented .
The EU , along with the US and others , is concerned that a diplomatic standstill plays into the hands of extremists and will encourage a build up of tension leading to more violence in Jerusalem , Gaza and on Israel 's border with Lebanon .
Israel , which captured the West Bank in 1967 , currently claims sovereignty over the entire city , and claims it as its capital .
Its government welcomed what it called the " balancing and improving " of the EU text , but said it ignored " the primary obstacle to achieving a resolution between Israel and the Palestinians : the Palestinian refusal to return to the negotiating table " .
" Israel regrets that the EU has chosen to adopt a text that , although containing nothing new , does not contribute to the renewal of negotiations , " it said .
Rafik Alhussieni , chief of staff to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , said : " The statement as a whole is satisfactory because it says that Jerusalem should be the capital of both states and because it refers to the land as occupied land ... and mentions that the settlements are illegal and built on occupied land . "
On Monday , scores of Palestinians had protested at the French and Swedish consulates in Jerusalem in support of the Swedish EU presidency 's proposal for an explicit reference on the east of the city , AFP news agency reported .
The Council is deeply concerned about the situation in East Jerusalem ...
It also calls on the Israeli government to cease all discriminatory treatment of Palestinians
EU Foreign Affairs Council
EU statement in full Life in city of three faiths Obstacles to peace : Jerusalem Israeli claims of sovereignty over Jerusalem are not recognised internationally , and East Jerusalem is considered to be occupied territory .
Palestinians hope to establish the capital of their future state in East Jerusalem .
" The Council is deeply concerned about the situation in East Jerusalem , " the statement from EU foreign ministers said .
" In view of recent incidents , it calls on all parties to refrain from provocative actions .
" It also calls on the Israeli government to cease all discriminatory treatment of Palestinians in East Jerusalem . "
The ministers said a recent Israeli decision to restrict the growth of settlements in the occupied West Bank - though not including East Jerusalem - was " a first step in the right direction " .
But they also stressed that " settlements , the separation barrier where built on occupied land , demolition of homes and evictions are illegal under international law , constitute an obstacle to peace and threaten to make a two - state solution impossible " .
The Palestinian Authority has demanded that all construction is halted before it will again attend peace talks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Despite its good intentions , San Francisco is not leading the country in gay marriage .
Despite its good intentions , it is not stopping wars .
Despite its spending more money per capita on homelessness than any comparable city , its homeless problem is worse than any comparable city's .
Despite its spending more money per capita , period , than almost any city in the nation , San Francisco has poorly managed , budget - busting capital projects , overlapping social programs no one is certain are working , and a transportation system where the only thing running ahead of schedule is the size of its deficit .
It 's time to face facts : San Francisco is spectacularly mismanaged and arguably the worst - run big city in America .
This year 's city budget is an astonishing $ 6.6 billion — more than twice the budget for the entire state of Idaho — for roughly 800,000 residents .
Yet despite that stratospheric amount , San Francisco can't point to progress on many of the social issues it spends liberally to tackle — and no one is made to answer when the city comes up short .
The city 's ineptitude is no secret .
" I have never heard anyone , even among liberals , say , ' If only [ our city ] could be run like San Francisco , ' " says urbanologist Joel Kotkin .
" Even other liberal places would n't put up with the degree of dysfunction they have in San Francisco .
In Houston , the exact opposite of San Francisco , I assume you 'd get shot . "
Who is to blame for this city 's wretched state of affairs ?
Yomi Agunbiade , that 's who .
Metaphorically , that is .
An engineer by trade , Agunbiade was appointed by Mayor Gavin Newsom to head the San Francisco Recreation and Park Department in 2004 .
Even before Agunbiade 's tenure , Rec and Park was the department other city departments pointed and laughed at — but under Agunbiade , it became Amy Poehler funny .
During his reign , an audit revealed , rec centers frequently did n't open , because staff simply did n't show up — and the department had no process to do anything about it .
Good news :
New rec centers were slated to open .
Bad news : Agunbiade 's department had no plan for how to staff them .
But that was n't enough to cost Agunbiade his job .
When the city controller 's office made the common - sense recommendation that groundskeepers ought to be where they were assigned to be when they 're supposed to be there , Agunbiade fought them on it for three years .
Running a department where no one knows where anyone is — and no one even wants to know ?
Not a problem .
Then a report by the city 's budget analyst found massive fiscal mismanagement at the Marina Yacht Harbor , which is run by Rec and Park .
Perhaps so much money would n't have gone unaccounted for , the audit suggested , if the department had installed a cash register .
Still , not a problem for Agunbiade .
Other reports exposed one organizational or fiscal snafu after another , but his position was secure .
In San Francisco , running a city department like a Franz Kafka nightmare does n't cost a decisionmaker his job .
Then , in July 2008 , we apparently discovered what does .
Rec and Park spokeswoman Rose Dennis claimed that Agunbiade had been sexually and religiously harassing her for years , and produced letters he 'd sent to her home as evidence .
She confirmed to SF Weekly that Agunbiade 's letters urged her to stop wearing revealing clothes so that she could get right with Jesus .
Though she did n't release the letters publicly , Dennis did bring them to the city attorney 's office — which determined that this could turn into a messy lawsuit .
Agunbiade was subsequently called in to chat with Newsom .
The conversation between the mayor - who - slept - with - his - appointments - secretary and the department - head - accused - of - sexually - and - religiously - harassing - his - spokeswoman ( in writing ! ) must have been one for the ages .
Whatever was said , the outcome was this : Agunbiade resigned not long after , and Dennis this year received a $ 91,000 settlement from the city .
Minus the alleged harassment , city government is filled with Yomi Agunbiades — and they 're hardly ever disciplined , let alone fired .
When asked , former Board of Supervisors President Aaron Peskin could n't remember the last time a higher - up in city government was removed for incompetence .
" There must have been somebody , " he said at last , vainly searching for a name .
Accordingly , millions of taxpayer dollars are wasted on good ideas that fail for stupid reasons , and stupid ideas that fail for good reasons , and hardly anyone is taken to task .
The intrusion of politics into government pushes the city to enter long - term labor contracts it obviously can't afford , and no one is held accountable .
A belief that good intentions matter more than results leads to inordinate amounts of government responsibility being shunted to nonprofits whose only documented achievement is to lobby the city for money .
Meanwhile , piles of reports on how to remedy these problems go unread .
There 's no outrage , and nobody is disciplined , so things do n't get fixed .
San Francisco is the city that simply will not hold itself accountable .
Here are a few examples of the best of San Francisco at its worst .
Finding books in the library is easy :
There are logical , organized systems in place .
Finding where the money to build libraries went — that 's hard .
Last year , the Civil Grand Jury could not find — we reiterate , could not find — up - to - date budget numbers for the city 's Branch Library Improvement Program .
The numbers that were available are n't pretty : Voters approved a $ 106 million bond in 2000 to rebuild 19 libraries , and $ 28 million more was ponied up by the state and private donors .
That money was spent without a coherent building plan being formulated between the Library Commission and Department of Public Works — leading to such large cost overruns and long delays that the commission abandoned five of the projects .
In 2007 , the city went back to the voters , asking for another $ 50 million for libraries — without publicizing that this would fund the five unfinished projects voters had already paid for .
Voters approved it .
After all , who does n't like libraries ?
In 2002 , the San Francisco Chronicle revealed that the city had , for decades , been siphoning nearly $ 700 million from its Hetch Hetchy water system into the San Francisco General Fund instead of maintaining the aging aqueduct .
Several mayors and boards of supervisors used that money to fund pet causes , and the Public Utilities Commission did n't say no .
Unfortunately , spending maintenance money elsewhere does n't diminish the need for maintenance .
By 2002 , the water system was in such desperate condition that voters were asked to pass a $ 3.6 billion bond measure to make overdue fixes .
Obligingly , they did — who does n't like water ?
Since then , the projected costs have swelled by $ 1 billion .
So far .
WHEN I TELL PEOPLE
I study whether birth order affects personality , I usually get blank looks .
It sounds like studying whether the sky is blue .
Is n’t it common sense ?
Popular books invoke birth order for self - discovery , relationship tips , business advice and parenting guidance in titles such as The Birth Order Book : Why You Are the Way You Are ( Revell , 2009 ) .
Newspapers and morning news shows debate the importance of the latest findings ( “ Latter - born children engage in more risky behavior ; what should parents do ? ” ) while tossing in savory anecdotes ( “ Did you know that 21 of the first 23 astronauts into space were firstborns ? ” ) .
But when scientists scrutinized the data , they found that the evidence just did not hold up .
In fact , until very recently there were no convincing findings that linked birth order to personality or behavior .
Our common perception that birth order matters was written off as an example of our well - established tendency to remember and accept evidence that supports our pet theories while readily forgetting or overlooking that which does not .
But two studies from the past three years finally found measurable effects : our position in the family does indeed affect both our IQ and our personality .
It may be time to reconsider birth order as a real influence over whom we grow up to be .
Size Matters
Before discussing the new findings , it will help to explain why decades of research that seemed to show birth - order effects was , in fact , flawed .
Put simply , birth order is intricately linked to family size .
A child from a two - kid family has a 50 percent chance of being a firstborn , whereas a child from a five - kid family has only a 20 percent chance of being a firstborn .
So the fact that astronauts are disproportionately firstborns , for example , could merely show that they come from smaller families — not that firstborns have any particularly astronautic qualities .
( Of course , firstborns may indeed have astronautic qualities .
The point is that with these data , we cannot tell . )
There are many reasons that family size could affect our predilections and personalities .
More children mean that parental resources ( money , time and attention ) have to be spread more thinly .
Perhaps more telling , family size is associated with many important social factors , such as ethnicity , education and wealth .
For example , wealthier , better - educated parents typically have fewer children .
If astronauts are more likely to have well - educated , comfortable parents , then they are also more likely to come from a smaller family and thus are more likely to be a firstborn .
Of the some 65,000 scholarly articles about birth order indexed by Google Scholar , the vast majority suffer from this problem , making the research difficult to interpret .
Many of the few remaining studies fail to show significant effects of birth order .
In 1983 psychiatrists Cecile Ernst and Jules Angst of the University of Zurich determined , after a thorough review of the literature , that birth - order effects were not supported by the evidence .
In 1998 psychologist Judith Rich Harris published another comprehensive attack on the concept in The Nurture Assumption ( Free Press ) .
By 2003 cognitive scientist Steven Pinker of Harvard University found it necessary to spend only two pages of his 439 - page discussion of nature and nurture , The Blank Slate ( Penguin ) , dismissing birth order as irrelevant .
New Evidence
Even so , the case in 2003 against birth - order effects was mainly an absence of good evidence , rather than evidence of an absence .
In fact , the past few years have provided good news for the theory .
In 2007 Norwegian epidemiologists Petter Kristensen and Tor Bjerkedal published work showing a small but reliable negative correlation between IQ and birth order : the more older siblings one has , the lower one ’s IQ .
Whether birth order affects intelligence has been debated inconclusively since the late 1800s , although the sheer size of the study ( about 250,000 Norwegian conscripts ) and the rigorous controls for family size make this study especially convincing .
In 2009 my colleagues and I published evidence that birth order influences whom we choose as friends and spouses .
Firstborns are more likely to associate with firstborns , middle - borns with middle - borns , last - borns with last - borns , and only children with only children .
Because we were able to show the effect independent of family size , the finding is unlikely to be an artifact of class or ethnicity .
The result is exactly what we should expect if birth order affects personality .
Despite the adage that opposites attract , people tend to resemble their spouses in terms of personality .
If spouses correlate on personality , and personality correlates with birth order , spouses should correlate on birth order .
Thus , the evidence seems to be shifting back in favor of our common intuition that our position in our family somehow affects who we become .
The details , however , remain vague .
The Norwegian study shows a slight effect on intelligence .
The relationship study shows that oldest , middle , youngest and only children differ in some way yet gives no indication as to how .
Moreover , although these effects are reasonably sized by the standards of research , they are small enough that it would not make any sense to organize college admissions or dating pools around birth order , much less NASA applicants .
Still , I expect people — myself included — will continue to try to make sense of the world through the prism of birth order .
It ’s fine for scientists to say “ more study is needed , ” but we must find love , gain self - knowledge and parent children now .
In that sense , a great deal about who we are and how we think can be learned reading those shelves of birth order–related self - help books , even if the actual content is not yet — or will never be — experimentally confirmed .
Note this story was originally published with the title " Ruled by Birth Order ? "
We had a chance to talk to Western Digital last week about a new hard drive technology they have coming down the pipe called Advanced Format .
Ahead of the impending launch of the first Advanced Format drives , Western Digital is engaging in an education campaign about the technology , as it represents the first step in a general transition for hard drives , and is a transition that ca n’t be done completely behind the scenes .
Specifically , Advanced Format is going to bring about some issues where older operating systems ( and we ’re looking almost exclusively at Windows XP here ) will inadvertently harm drive performance by making certain assumptions about the drives that will no longer be true .
We ’ll get in to the nitty - gritty about the impact of this in a bit , but first let ’s start with Advanced Format .
What is it ?
In a nutshell , it ’s replacing the traditional 512 byte hard drive sector with a 4 kilobyte ( 4,096B ) hard drive sector for a number of practical and technological reasons .
Advanced Format is the name Western Digital is giving to drives implementing 4KB sectors .
The move to 4K - sectors has been some 10 years in the making , as research in the late 90’s identified that 512B sectors made less and less sense as drives continued to get larger .
At a time when hard drives were measured in megabytes , 512B sectors were a good balance between technical factors and a desire to keep wasted space at a minimum ( you ca n’t normally put 2 files in 1 sector ) , but times have changed and hard drive capacities are several orders of magnitude larger .
The crux of the problem is that there are 3 factors that are in constant need of balancing when it comes to hard drive design : areal density , the signal - to - noise ratio ( SNR ) in reading from drive platters , and the use of Error Correcting Code ( ECC ) to find and correct any errors that occur .
As areal density is increases , sectors become smaller and their SNR decreases .
To compensate for that , improvements are made to ECC ( usually through the use of more bits ) in order to maintain reliability .
So for a drive maker to add more space , they ultimately need to improve their error - correction capabilities , which means the necessary ECC data requires more space .
Rinse , wash , repeat .
The SNR for various areal densities
At some point during this process drive manufacturers stop gaining any usable space - that is , they have to add as much ECC data as they get out of the increase areal density in the first place - which limits their ability to develop larger drives .
Drive manufacturers dislike this both because it hinders their ability to develop new drives , and because it means their overall format efficiency ( the amount of space on a platter actually used to store user data ) drops .
Drive manufacturers want to build bigger drives , and they want to spend as little space on overhead as possible .
But all is not lost .
The principle problem here is that ECC correction takes place in 512B chunks , while ECC can be more efficient when used over larger chunks of data .
If ECC data is calculated against a larger sector , even though more ECC data is necessary than for a single 512B sector , less ECC data than the sum of multiple sectors is needed to maintain the same level of operational reliability .
One estimate for 4 K sector technology puts this at 100 bytes of ECC data needed for a 4 K sector , versus 320 ( 40x8 ) for 8 512B sectors .
Furthermore the larger sectors means that larger erroneous chunks of data can be corrected ( burst error correction ) , something that was becoming harder as greater areal densities made it easier to wipe out larger parts of a 512B sector .
As a result , the need for the larger sector is born .
As for why Western Digital and other drive makers are transitioning specifically to a 4 K sector , the rationale is based on the earlier problems .
4 K sectors are much larger than 512B sectors , which means they benefit more from our earlier ECC optimizations , which in turn brings a greater increase in format efficiency than using smaller sectors ( i.e. 1K ) .
4 K also happens to be a magical number elsewhere when it comes to computers – this is primarily rooted in the fact that a normal page of memory on an x86 processor continues to be 4KB ( ed : 4MB pages also exist ) .
The x86 page size in turn has also lead to file system clusters ( the smallest unit of storage in a file system ) becoming 4KB as 4KB clusters neatly fit in to a page of memory , while the need for smaller clusters has subsided amidst a general increase in file size ( i.e. fewer files are smaller than 4KB and waste space ) .
NTFS , EXT3 , and HFS + all default to 4KB clusters on modern hard drives .
So 4KB physical sectors map perfectly with 4KB file system clusters , which in turn map perfectly with 4KB memory pages .
And hence 4KB is the largest practical size for a hard drive sector at this time .
Old Sector New Sector x86 Mem Page NTFS Cluster HFS + Cluster Size 512B 4 K 4K 4K 4K
So what ’s the net benefit from all of this for consumers ?
At the moment , not a lot , which is why this is a low - key launch for Western Digital , and the focus of this is an education effort on what the use of 4 K sectors means for older operating systems .
The biggest benefit is going to be that this will enable Western Digital to more easily design drives over 2TB in size .
From a numbers perspective , Western Digital estimates that the use of 4 K sectors will give them an immediate 7 % - 11 % increase in format efficiency .
ECC burst error correction stands to improve by 50 % , and the overall error rate capability improves by 2 orders of magnitude .
In theory these reliability benefits should immediately apply to all 4 K sector drives ( making the Advanced Format drives more reliable than regular drives ) , but Western Digital is not pushing that idea at this time .
IDEMA projected format efficiency and ECC burst sizes
With all of that said , to make this kind of advancement practical , a transition period is necessary .
That transition period will be done through the use of 512B emulation technology , which will expose Advanced Format drives to the drive controller and operating system as having 512B sectors , when in reality they will have 4 K sectors .
Unfortunately , this method has a downside , which is the ultimate reason for Western Digital ’s education campaign .
512 byte sector emulation : how the drive is laid out ( physical ) and what the OS sees ( logical )
With the emulation of 512B sectors , there ’s the risk that a partition could be misaligned compared to the 4 K physical sectors - where it would be unwittingly started in the middle of such a sector .
As a result , the clusters of a file system on that partition would end up straddling 4 K sectors , which would cause performance problems .
Specifically , in testing IDEMA ( the drive manufacturers ’ trade group ) found that random writes in would be particularly impacted , as a Read - Modify - Write ( RMW ) would need to take place to update each sector , rather than a straight write ( ed :
This is very similar to writing to a dirty block on a SSD ) .
Although this is n’t mechanically / electronically harmful in any way , the performance hit compared to a straight write makes it undesirable .
A single unaligned 4 K cluster straddling 2 physical sectors
A misaligned partition under WinXP .
Only LBAs divisible by 8 are aligned
A survey of users of the four major cell phone providers in the U.S. has ranked AT&T , the exclusive carrier of Apple 's iPhone , last in terms of customer satisfaction .
Consumer Reports surveyed more than 50,000 readers in 26 U.S. cities , asking about carriers in a number of different categories related to service and customer support .
In 19 of those cities , AT&T ranked worst .
Overall , AT&T came in fourth place with a total score of 66 .
It ranked worst in voice service , and average for messaging and Web /e - mail .
Customer service on the phone and via Web ranked poorly , as did staff knowledge and whether the customer 's issue was resolved .
Coming in first was Verizon , which ranked highly across all categories : voice , messaging , Web/e- mail , and customer service .
Verizon had an overall reader score of 75 .
In second place was T - Mobile .
Though customers feel the nation 's smallest wireless carrier has decidedly average service , the customer support was found to be superior .
It earned an overall score of 70 .
Sprint came in third with a score of 67 , with average service and sub - par customer support , particularly in the area of issue resolution .
The survey is not the only that has found customer satisfaction with AT&T to be relatively poor .
In September , another survey found a significant decline in brand perception for AT&T after the carrier faced intense scrutiny over the quality of its network following the launch of the iPhone 3GS .
That study found that AT&T lagged well behind competitor Verizon in terms of consumer perception .
AT&T 's issues prompted the company to launch an aggressive public relations campaign in which the carrier publicly acknowledged customer complaints and promised to address them .
AT&T came under scrutiny again in October , this time directly from competitor Verizon , which launched a series of ads mocking the iPhone 's " There 's an app for that " tagline with the slogan " There 's a map for that . "
The commercials , which contrast Verizon 's 3G coverage map with AT&T's , have led to a lawsuit in which AT&T has alleged the TV spots are misleading .
This year , numerous reports ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) have suggested that a Verizon - compatible iPhone will arrive in the summer of 2010 .
For that to happen , Apple would have to build a new handset that could operate on Verizon 's unique CDMA network .
The proposed Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , or ACTA , has been shrouded in secrecy , and the Bush and the Obama administrations have declared it unsuitable for public debate because divulging its contents could harm America 's " national security . "
A few recent leaks have showed that the unfinished agreement , which is being negotiated largely between the European Union and the United States , is likely to benefit the content industry .
At the same time , it might pave the way for international guidelines that could lead to consumers losing their internet accounts if they are believed to be digital copyright scofflaws .
But we now know that the real reason for secrecy , the one suspected all along , was that the United States does not think it could reach an accord with Europe and the nearly dozen other nations if the proposal came under public scrutiny .
That 's the story James Love , the director of Knowledge Ecology , tells on his blog and in a telephone interview Friday .
Love said Ron Kirk told him so .
Kirk is the United States trade representative whose office is the U.S. ACTA negotiator .
The two spoke on an airline flight from Geneva on Thursday before lifting off to Washington , said Love , a prominent digital - rights and health care activist and lobbyist .
He has met Kirk before and they each knew one another .
Love said while the plane was waiting on the tarmac , Kirk strolled from the front of the plane into coach to chat with other World Trade Organization meeting attendees , including Love .
Love said he asked why the administration would not lift the ACTA veil of secrecy .
" ' The reason we can't make it public is people would walk away from the table , ' " Love said Kirk told him .
The U.S. Trade Office confirmed Kirk was on the flight , but was not otherwise immediately prepared to comment .
The office in March wrote Knowledge Ecology , in response to a FOIA on ACTA , that the negotiating texts were " properly classified " national security secrets .
Love said Kirk is a " charming guy , and he 's a nice guy . "
He said the conversation was brief and polite .
Kirk 's concern that negotiating countries " would walk away " came a week after it was disclosed that the European Union is indeed troubled by the U.S. proposal , ( .pdf ) at least insofar as internet policy is concerned .
According to leaked documents , the European Union expressed alarm that the Obama administration is lobbying on behalf of the entertainment industry as part of the negotiations for the new international copyright accord .
The document , " European Union ’s Comments to the U.S. Proposal , " notes that the " most important provision " of the U.S. - proposed copyright section includes language noting that the United States ' " overarching objective " is to " facilitate the continued development of industry . "
The ACTA negotiating nations include Australia , Canada , European Union states , Japan , South Korea , Mexico , Morocco , New Zealand , Singapore , Switzerland and the United States .
The countries are to meet again in January and are expected to have a final accord by the end of next year .
As proposed , the agreement does not need Congress ' approval .
Love told Kirk , and also wrote on his blog , that the government does not always negotiate consumer - oriented agreements in private , and he cited the 1996 World Intellectual Property Organization copyright treaties as one of several examples .
Kirk replied that ACTA " was different " and ACTA topics were " more complex , " Love said .
Update :
A select handful of non-government types , such as the entertainment industry and a few digital rights groups , have seen the proposed text .
Confidentiality agreements preclude them from spilling the beans .
They viewed the documents ahead of the last round of negotiations in South Korea , now five - weeks old .
Here is the entire unedited text of Kirk 's response , via an e-mail as relayed through United States Trade Representative spokeswoman Nefeterius Akeli McPherson , who declined to confirm Kirk made those comments to Love :
While developing the US proposals for the content of trade agreements , USTR has for many years worked with the Congressionally - created system of advisory committees , as it does in the context of all other trade agreements .
Under the Obama Administration , USTR used an innovative approach , greatly expanding its process of consultations about prospective U.S. positions on enforcement of intellectual property rights in the digital environment to include advice from a broad group of experts , including representatives of intellectual property right holders , Internet intermediaries , NGOs , and others .
Going forward , the Administration is committed to continuing to provide opportunities for the public to give meaningful input into the ACTA negotiating process .
We won endorsement of the importance of meaningful public input from all of the participants at the Seoul Round of the ACTA negotiations in November .
The Administration also recognizes that confidentiality in international negotiations among sovereign entities is the standard practice to enable officials to engage in frank exchanges of views , positions , and specific negotiating proposals , and thereby facilitate the negotiation and compromise that are necessary to reach agreement on complex issues .
A unilateral release of text by one trading partner would risk breaching the mutual trust that is important to successful trade negotiations .
All of these perspectives were influential in shaping our proposal .
We therefore strongly disagree with any assertion that the Administration is only reflecting the views of a single industry or group .
See Also :
I have just received an e-mail from the organizers of FOSDEM that my request for a Perl stand was accepted .
This means we are going to have a table on the two days of FOSDEM ( Saturday and Sunday , 6 - 7 February 2010 ) where we can present Perl and related projects .
We need to ensure there are always people at the stand , that we have material to hand out .
We have to make sure projects that can be interesting to people who are not ( yet ) Perl developers are well represented .
I hope The Perl Foundation will finance some interesting give - aways .
There were a couple if ideas we discussed with Karen Pauley and Salve J. Nilsen .
For example the wooden round tuits we got on previous YAPCs and the baseball cards the Nordic Perl Workshop organizers handed out .
We also talked about the possibility to prepare a CD or DVD with various Perl projects on it .
It could hold a version of Strawberry Perl for Windows or a Virtual Box image holding installed versions of several projects or the same but in a bootable image format .
Something like Perl Virtual Appliances .
Very soon we are going to have a mailing list to coordinate the Perl presence on this and other events .
I 'll announce the creation of the list .
In the meantime if you are planning to come to FOSDEM and would like to represent a project or if you just would like to participate in the organization please let me know by sending and e-mail to me .
But over the past few years , that has changed .
It has been 30 years since an ice dance team from the United States has won an Olympic medal .
Colleen O'Connor and Jim Millns won a bronze medal in 1976 , the year the ice dancing made its debut at the Games .
But here , there is one couple , Tanith Belbin and Ben Agosto , that can break that drought .
When they skate , they sizzle .
Maybe it is because Belbin did not become a United States citizen until Dec. 31 , just in time to be eligible for the Olympics .
Whatever the reason , she and Agosto have a good chance of winning a medal .
Last year , they won silver at the world championships , the highest finish by a United States dance team since 1975 .
In the compulsory dance Friday , they finished sixth but are only 1.42 points out of first place .
In the United States , ballroom dancing has taken off in recent years , particularly with the popularity of television shows like " Dancing With the Stars " and movies like " Mad Hot Ballroom , " a film that follows 11 - year - olds from three New York City public schools as they prepare for and compete in a citywide ballroom dancing contest .
On the film 's Web site , the motto is , " Anyone can make it if they learn how to shake it . "
" When we first started , it was kind of discouraging that only our family and friends came to watch , but now there is a crowd there , " Belbin said of ice dance events in the United States .
She added that people seemed to be flocking to her sport because they could relate to it .
" I think at home , everyone dances around in their underwear , " she said .
On Sunday , fans at the Palavela will see exactly which ice dancers have learned how to shake it , this time to Latin music .
