FF00FF An FAQ for the 2008 US Presidential Election
This page is for 2008 Election
Click here for 2012 election
This is an FAQ ( Frequently Asked Questions list ) for the 2008 United States Presidential Election .
I need to disclose up front that I am an Obama supporter .
However , with the exception of the very last question , this FAQ is designed as a collection of factual information ( such as the latest poll results ) and of analysis that is as objective as possible .
What does " FF00 FF " mean ?
Why the garish color ?
Who 's winning ?
To track who is winning in real time on election day , watch first for the betting markets ( such as Intrade , or this tool for watching Intrade , and later in the day look for election result news .
Wanna bet ?
Recently there has been much interest in prediction markets .
The idea is that if people bet real money on an outcome ( such as the presidential race ) , they may have more honest and more considered opinions than typical poll results .
There are at least 5 markets covering the election ; here are the current numbers from the Democratic Party point of view , expressed as a probability of winning :
For interesting commentary on political futures markets , see Worlds of Spike .
Justin Wolfers has a WSJ article that covers the " favorite - longshot bias " -- the idea that people bet too much on longshots .
You can see this at horse races , and it is clear why it happens : if a horse is a 20 - 1 longshot , bettors say to themselves " if this one pays off , I 'll be rich ! , " potentially changing their lifestyle , whereas if they go with the favorite , their payoff will be much more modest .
Wolfers says that if you adjust for the longshot effect , then the prediction markets , which currently are at about 85 % for Obama , are actually suggesting a 96 % win probability for Obama , which is just about the same as Nate Silvers at 538 predicts .
What does McCain have to do to win ?
In the chart at right from Pollster.com , we see Obama currently with 364 electoral votes ( the number in blue just above the black horizontal dvividing line ) .
McCain has to move the dividing line up the chart until Obama is below 269 .
Let 's say that there is a general 3 % voter shift towards McCain ( due to systematic error in pollster 's assumptions ) .
The 3 % would mean that McCain gets North Carolina , Missouri , and Florida .
The dividing line has moved up , but Obama still gets 311 electoral votes .
A 5 % shift nets McCain just one more state , Ohio , and Obama still has 291 electoral votes .
Even if the shift were 7 % , Obama would still get 278 electoral votes and remain the ( close ) winner .
But if McCain gets a 7.3 % shift and wins Nevada and Pennsylvania ( as well as the five other battleground states that are less against him , and the four toss - up and two leaning states that favor him ) , then McCain would squeak out a win .
Could McCain get 7.3 % more than expected ?
It would take a huge error in the pollsters 's models .
Another way to look at it is from the top of the chart down : Obama has 238 electoral votes with a margin above 10 % .
So he needs 31 electoral votes from the nine states that are leaning his way or the six that favor McCain .
If you count New Mexico , with its 8.9 % margin as almost certain , it 's down to 26 .
If Obama holds Pennsylvania , he would only need one more state from the remaining thirteen ( except Montana and South Dakota are each too small ) .
So think of like this : Obama needs any one of eleven states , or both of Montana and South Dakota .
If each state were a 50/50 coin toss , McCain 's chance of winning would be 0.04 % .
Clearly , for McCain to win he'd need a systematic error in the polls , not just random fluctuation .
The other big problem facing McCain is that many of the votes have already been cast , and they favor Obama by a 59 % to 40 % margin ( according to polls , not official tallies ) .
Stan Greenberg has a nice analysis that comes to a similar conclusion .
Republican - leaning pollsters John Zogby and Frank Lutz agree : Zogby says " it is hard to see where McCain goes from here " and Luntz says " I do n't see that there is any way at this point for John McCain to win . "
Nate Silver gives McCain a 2.8 % chance ; that sounds about right to me .
What are imaginary reasons McCain might win ?
Podhoretz 's 10 Reasons Why McCain Might Win My commentary 1 ) One poll has undecided voters at 14 percent on the last weekend , which means most of them probably really are n't undecided , that they are either going to stay home or vote preponderantly for McCain and pull McCain across the finish line .
1 ) As we 've seen before , looking at one poll is the worst possible thing to do .
If we look at the 9 tracking polls today , we see that McCain trails by an average of 6.3 % , and that there are 5.4 % undecided on average .
Even if McCain got 100 % of the undecideds , he 'd still be behind .
But nobody thinks he will get 100 % .
Most think he will get more than half ;
Some think he might get a 2 - 1 margin ; but the most recent speculation , such as by Pew 's Andy Kohut and an ABC / Washington
Post poll predicts a much closer split , with McCain getting maybe 55 % to 60 % rather than 67 % .
2 ) Most pollsters are claiming the electorate this year is six to nine points more Democratic than it is Republican .
That would be an unprecedented shift from four years ago , when the electorate was evenly divided , 37 - 37 , Republican and Democratic , and a huge shift from two years ago , when it was 37 - 33 Democratic .
A shift of this size did n't even happen after Watergate .
2 ) Pollsters are not making that claim because they are biased liberals ; they make the claim based on data , data , data , and more data .
Analysts take the polling data and actual registration data ( where known ) , along with their own models for how to interpret the data , and most come up with numbers that are , as Podhoretz says , around a 37 % to 28 % edge for the Democrats ( the rest are independents ) .
There are some polls that put the edge closer to 4 % or 5 % , so Podhoretz might be right .
This story says the shift is not only bigger than anything going back to Watergate , it is , at least in Nassau County , a shift that is unprecedented in 110 years .
If , as Podhoretz points out , we had a 4 % shift in two years , it does not seem unreasonable that there could be another 4 % in two more years .
I agree that getting party ID right is important for doing polls properly .
Much of the difference between the polls that have Obama up by 5 % and the polls that have him up 10 % come doen to party ID .
But none of the polls give McCain the last 5 % he would need to win .
3 ) Obama frequently outpolled his final result in primaries , which might have many causes but might also indicate that he has difficulty closing the sale .
3 ) OK , if " frequently " means more than once , but not if it means " usually . "
This study shows that Obama 's state primary margin with respect to Clinton was higher than the last polls about half the time , and that about 70 % of the time , the candidate who was leading in the last poll ended up increasing his / her lead .
This suggests a bandwagon effect more than anything about Obama ( or Clinton ) .
This study , although it only covers 8 primaries , shows that although Obama sometimes had a lower margin over Clinton than predicted by the polls , in every single case he increased his share of the vote ( by taking share from other candidates ) .
4 ) The argument in the past two weeks has shifted , such that many undecided voters who are now paying attention are hearing about Obama 's redistributionist tendencies at exactly the right moment for McCain .
4 ) Perhaps , but only 37 % of voters think that redistributing is a bad idea .
In general , most voters agree with redistributing from the wealthy to society at large in a way that benefits the middle class , and disagree with redistributing from the middle class in a way that benefits the poor .
Obama 's policies stress the former , but may be interpreted as the later ; that would indeed hurt him .
5 ) The tightening in several daily tracking polls indicates a modest surge on McCain 's part that could continue through the weekend until election day .
If he is behind by three or four points right now , a slow and steady move upward could push him past the finish line in first place .
5 ) First , today 's polls can be interpreted as either a widening or as random fluctuation , but not as a tightening .
Second , McCain is behind by 6 or 7 points now , not 3 or 4 .
Third , " a slow and steady move upward , " if it were as fast as any move in this campaign , would leave him about 5 % behind .
6 ) In terms of the electoral map , the energy and focus McCain is directing at Pennsylvania could pay huge dividends if he pulls it off .
If he prevails there , it might follow that the message will work in Ohio too .
And if he wins Pennsylvania and Ohio , he will probably win even if he loses Virginia and Colorado .
6 ) Actually , if you move PA and OH to McCain 's column , he gets about 220 or 230 electoral votes , according to most pollsters .
Even if you add FL , he still falls short .
Nate Silver does not offer odds on what happens if McCain wins PA and OH , but he does calculate that if McCain wins PA , he only has an 11 % chance of winning the election , and if he takes FL and OH , 25 % .
But checking back with reality : in the last ten days McCain has made good progress in PA , moving from 13 % down to 8 % down , but at that rate he would need three more weeks to catch up .
7 ) Early voting numbers are not oceanic by any means , which may indicate the degree of enthusiasm for Obama among new voters is not something new but something entirely of a par with past candidates , like John Kerry .
And they show more strength on the Republican side than most people expected .
7 ) Early voting has favored Obama by a 59 % - 40 % margin .
Or by 58 % - 42 % , take your pick .
Traditionally , ( including 2004 ) early voting favors Republicans .
Many counties have already surpassed their 2004 early voting levels , and there is a week to go ( from when those numbers were collected ) .
Nationwide , 17 % have voted early , and 18 % said they intend to , for a projected 35 % .
Early voting levels were 22 % in 2004 and 15 % in 2000 .
I do n't know if that counts as " oceanic , " but it looks like early voting is up by about 50 % , and that it heavily favors Obama .
In some states , such as North Carolina and Georgia , early voting is double the 2004 level , and is Democratic by almost 2 - 1 .
In Florida , Democrats are over 60 % of the early voters ; in Colorado , Democrats hold a slight 3 % edge .
See George Mason University 's summary of early voting .
8 ) What happened with the Joe the Plumber story is that Obama has now been effectively outed as a liberal , not a moderate ; and because liberalism is still less popular than conservatism , that 's not the best place for Obama to be .
8 ) Yes , a Pew poll finds that 59 % of Americans describe themselves as conservative , and 36 % as liberal , so conservative is a better place to be .
The problem is that 55 or 60 % of voters think the economy is the most important issue , and voters think that Obama will do a better job on the economy by almost a 2 - 1 margin .
Conservatives like McCain on spending , but not on the deficit , so it is not a good issue for him .
Obama 's liberal stance on other issues are not important to voters this year - - it 's the economy .
9 ) The fire lit under Obama 's young supporters in the winter was largely due to Iraq and his opposition to the war .
The stunning decline in violence and the departure of Iraq from the front page has put out the fire , to the extent that , like the young woman who made a sexy video calling herself Obama Girl and then did n't vote in the New York primary because she went to get a manicure , they might not want to stand on line on Tuesday .
9 ) In 2004 , despite Kerry 's hopes , the youth vote did not turn out .
Voters 18 - 29 turned out at rates about 2/3 of older voters , and worse for Kerry , they only favored him over Bush by a margin of 13 % .
This year polls show a 24 % margin for Obama , almost twice as large .
Early voting returns show that the youth vote is not voting early in droves : they are turning out in similar numbers to their proportion of the total vote .
We 'll have to see what happens on election day , but overall this factor looks like it does not vary from the overall polls in either direction .
10 ) Hispanic voters , who are always underpolled , know and appreciate McCain from his stance on immigration and will vote for him in larger numbers than anyone anticipates .
10 ) Obama holds about a 2 - 1 lead among Hispanic voters .
Bush got 40 % of the Hispanic vote , but polls give McCain between 25 % and 34 % .
Conservative analyst and former Reagan staffer Linda Chavez thinks McCain will end up with less than 30 % .
The Washington Post said of Hispanics in Colorado : " Many here ... remain upset about the ugly immigration debate last year in which many Republicans demanded full - scale deportation of illegal immigrants .
Although McCain then favored a more moderate approach that was supported by many Hispanics , he has taken a somewhat harder line in the campaign and has not been able to overcome worries about his party on the issue . "
So if Hispanics are underpolled ( meaning they will turn out in higher than expected numbers ) that is actually a negative for McCain , not a positive .
( Podhoretz 's argument seems to be : McCain can't win without New Mexico or Colorado or Florida ; he can't get them without the Hispanic vote ; therefore he must be winning the Hispanic vote . )
There you have it .
It 's admittedly not the strongest case , and the idea that McCain will win on Tuesday is hard to square with the fact there is n't a single poll that has him in the lead five days out .
But unexpected things do happen in politics every election .
I agree with Podhoretz on one thing : it is not the strongest case .
I would say his points number 3 , 4 , 7 , 8 and 9 are neutral points : they are in McCain 's favor , but they have already been factored into the polls and there is no reason to expect a surprise due to these reasons .
The other five points are actually negative : they point against McCain , once you decide to look at facts rather than engage in wishful thinking .
There are analysts of all political leanings , but the ones who rationally observe reality tend to come to similar conclusions .
Currently the avid Republican / conservative at Electionprojection.com projects 353 electoral votes for Obama , while the arch Democratic / liberal at Electoral - Vote.com also has 353 for Obama .
Other reality - based analysts have similar numbers ( even conservative mastermind Karl Rove has Obama at 338 ) .
But I know how Podhoretz feels , and why he has chosen to ignore reality in generating his list .
I did the same thing recently , on October 17th , to be exact .
My home - town baseball team , the Red Sox , were behind in their playoff series 3 games to 1 , and behind in that night 's game , 7 - 0 .
Rationally I knew they were going to lose the series , but Like Podhoretz , I started to imagine scenarios .
" All we need now is a walk , then another runner , then a home run , then do the same next inning , then win the sixth game , then win the seventh ! "
Incredibly enough , part of the scenario did come true , and the Sox did win that game with a historic comeback , but alas -- they still lost the series .
Four lessons : ( 1 ) Do n't confuse hope and reason .
I wanted the Sox to win , but I knew that the odds were about 1000 - 1 against them .
( 2 ) If you 're going to spin wild scenarios , at least choose ones that are internally consistent : McCain could in fact become president if Obama died in an earthquake , if Bush declared martial law and appointed McCain , if Obama were caught in bed with a live boy or dead girl , etc. McCain would not win if there were increased Hispanic turnout .
( 3 ) Sometimes , the improbable does happen .
( 4 ) In the long run , the probable wins out over the improbable .
Note : I find it interesting that conservatives and liberals share one trait : when they abandon rationality and start getting delusional , they both envision a McCain win .
For example , on the conservative Hot Air site , there was a discussion on Oct. 31st about how Iowa was a toss - up , which was " confirmed " by the fact that Obama appeared there .
( Back in the reality - based world , Intrade has Iowa as 95 % likely for Obama , 538 has it at 100 % , and the three most recent polls have Obama up by 17 % , 14 % and 15 % . )
Meanwhile , on the liberal Daily Kos this week , one discussion thread worries that Rachel Maddow discussed the possibility of a McCain win , and she 's cute and smart so it must be true ; another thread spins the scenario that McCain would withdraw from the race a few days before the election , then Democrats would not bother to vote , and Republicans would show up and write in McCain 's name anyways , and he would win that way .
Perhaps conservatives are just naturally optimistic and liberals are naturally paranoid .
Where else can I get current information ?
Here are my favorite information sources :
How accurate are polls ?
Polls can be wrong for a variety of reasons , as explained on electoral - vote.com by Andrew Tanenbaum and by me in this question .
A poll samples a small collection of possible voters , and from their responses makes inferences about all voters .
Any sampling process can be off for two reasons : random variation and systematic error .
Random variation :
The random variation is easiest to explain , and for some reason everyone explains it by referring to a jar full of , say , blue and red jelly - beans .
You shake the jar to make sure the jelly - beans are mixed up , and then reach in and grab a sample .
Let 's say you sample 6 red and 4 blue .
Does that mean that exactly 60 % of all the jelly - beans are red ?
Of course not ; if you repeated the experiment , you might get 5 or 7 or 4 reds out of 10 the next time .
By sampling only 10 individuals , you can't get a very reliable picture .
But , if you sampled 1,000 jelly - beans and got , say , 54 % blue , then you could be more certain that this was a good estimate .
In fact , some simple math will tell you that there is a 95 % chance that the actual portion of blue jelly - beans is within 3 % of the sampled 54 % , assuming the sample was done fairly .
This 3 % is the " margin of error " that is often published along with polls .
The margin of error is proportional to the square root of the number of samples , so in order to cut the margin in half , we would need 4 times more samples .
To cut the error by a factor of 10 , we would need 100 times more samples .
Note that the term " margin of error " is misleading because some people think of it as an absolute margin , when it is actually the 95 % confidence interval .
When there is a 95 % chance that the actual result is within 3 % of the sampled 54 % result , there is also a 68 % chance of being within 1.5 % , and a 99.993 % chance of being within 6 % .
Sometimes you will hear innumerate reporters say " candidate X leads candidate Y by 3 % , and because the margin of error is 3 % , that means the race is a statistical tie . "
Not true .
That result would mean a 95 % chance that candidate X is winning .
And if X was ahead by 1.5 % in the poll , there would be a 68 % chance that s/he was actually leading .
Why do n't pollsters cut the margin of error by including more people in their sample ?
Mostly because it is expensive .
They feel embarrassed to publish results with much fewer than 1000 samples ( because the margin of error would be higher than their peers ) but there is no real incentive to add more sample points .
The pollster gets more publicity ( and more money ) from releasing 4 polls with 1000 samples each ( and thus a 3 % margin of error ) than by releasing one poll with 4000 samples ( and thus a 1.5 % margin of error ) .
But a bigger reason for not including more samples is that it would be pointless , because the systematic error would dwarf the random variation .
The dirty not - so - little not - so - secret of polling is that systematic error is much harder to control , and because there is no nice clean Bernoulli formula for systematic error , the margin of error figure covers only the variation .
Systematic error : Getting back to the jelly - beans , systematic error could occur if the red jelly - beans were a slightly different size or shape than the blues , making the reds settle to the bottom of the jar .
Then the sample we draw would reflect the statistics of the top of the jar , but not of the whole jar , and we would get a bad result .
The " margin of error " might still be 3 % ( meaning that if we repeated the same flawed experiment we would get the same flawed answer ( within 3 % ) most of the time ) , but the actual result could be off by 5 % , 10 % , or more !
Most election polls work by random digit dialing : choosing phone numbers at random ( with area codes and exchanges that are known to be in the right locale ) .
Pollsters know that this method does not give an exactly equal chance of reaching each voter : it is like a jar that is not evenly shaken .
There are six main sources of systematic error that pollsters try to control for :
Sample design error : Pollsters know they do n't really have an equal chance of reaching every voter .
Most pollsters dial randomly from a list of land - line exchanges .
But that leaves out those who only have a cell phone ; pollsters who also call cell - phone - only voters report about a 4 % larger lead for Obama ( see chart at right from Nate Silver where cell - phone pollsters are in yellow ) .
Cell phones are difficult for pollsters to deal with .
It is illegal to call a cell phone with an automate dialing system ( because it would involve an expense for the callee ) , and it is expensive to poll with manual dialing , so pollsters either ignore cell phones , or sample a few and then try to extrapolate .
Who has the right model for how to count these cell - phone - only voters ?
It is not clear .
As another example , Nate Silver discusses an October 22nd IBD / TIPP poll that showed McCain trailing by just 1 % at a time when other polls had him trailing by an average of 7 % .
The poll had 18 - 24 - year - olds favoring McCain by a margin of 74 % - 22 % , noting " Age 18 - 24 has much fluctuation due to small sample size . "
Other polls showed 18 - 24 - year - olds favoring Obama by 15 points or more .
Clearly , IBD / TIPP has done something wrong -- not sampled enough youngsters , missed out on them because they tend to have cell phones , messed up their likely voter model , or some other error .
Weighting : Pollsters try to correct sample errors by weighting the results they get .
For example , about 52 % of voters in 2004 were women .
A pollster whose sample gets 60 % men and 40 % women might want to weight the samples to get back to the 2004 percentages .
Or they might want to weight to a different percentage that they predict will occur in 2008 ; maybe the presence of a female VP candidate will bring out more women voters .
A pollster has to guess ( er , I mean estimate ) the percentage , and if you they wrong , the poll result will be wrong .
Here are some factors that pollsters weight for : Gender : Women and men vote differently , so pollsters treat them differently .
Women and men vote differently , so pollsters treat them differently .
Age : Voter age is also important .
Mark Blumenthal criticizes an August 7th Gallup poll that showed McCain ahead by 4 % among likely voters .
Mark pointed out that the poll had only 10 % of its voters in the 18 - 29 age group , while in 2004 there were 17 % of voters in that range , and this year some think that the younger voter turnout will be greater .
Mark is arguing that Gallup should have weighted by age .
Voter age is also important .
Mark Blumenthal criticizes an August 7th Gallup poll that showed McCain ahead by 4 % among likely voters .
Mark pointed out that the poll had only 10 % of its voters in the 18 - 29 age group , while in 2004 there were 17 % of voters in that range , and this year some think that the younger voter turnout will be greater .
Mark is arguing that Gallup should have weighted by age .
Party Affiliation : Some pollsters weight by party , some do n't .
Of those that do , some use the party affiliation numbers from the previous election , some try to make a better estimate of this election .
Prof.
Alan Reifman has a nice chart of party weighting for the major pollsters .
Some pollsters weight by party , some do n't .
Of those that do , some use the party affiliation numbers from the previous election , some try to make a better estimate of this election .
Prof.
Alan Reifman has a nice chart of party weighting for the major pollsters .
Likely Voters : Gallup this year is publishing three different results , one where they count everyone , one where they count only likely voters based on their past behavior ( have they voted in the past ) and one where they count likely voters based on their intentions ( whether they say they are going to vote ) .
Almost everyone agrees that the populous is very excited about this year 's election and there will be a strong turnout , but nobody knows for sure how to separate likely from non-likely voters .
The pollsters who make this call more accurately will have the best results .
Nate Silver has a nice analysis of likely voter models .
Gallup this year is publishing three different results , one where they count everyone , one where they count only likely voters based on their past behavior ( have they voted in the past ) and one where they count likely voters based on their intentions ( whether they say they are going to vote ) .
Almost everyone agrees that the populous is very excited about this year 's election and there will be a strong turnout , but nobody knows for sure how to separate likely from non-likely voters .
The pollsters who make this call more accurately will have the best results .
Nate Silver has a nice analysis of likely voter models .
Location :
In states such as Pennsylvania , voters in rural areas have different voting patterns from voters in the big cities .
Pollsters need to control for this .
In states such as Pennsylvania , voters in rural areas have different voting patterns from voters in the big cities .
Pollsters need to control for this .
Other : Here 's an interesting example : an AP / GFK poll from Oct. 20th showed the race tied among likely voters , at a time when the average poll had Obama up by 7 % .
In the sample for that poll , 44 % said they were born - again evangelicals .
But in 2004 , the born - again vote was only 23 % , and most pollsters expect it to be about the same this year .
That is an argument for weighting the AP / GFK poll , but they chose not to weight .
One final example : most polls weight by party affiliation .
But in this election there is flux in party affiliation ( moving to Democrats in most locations ) , so it can be hard to estimate party weighting .
Availability : What happens if there is no answer ?
Pollsters move on , but feel uneasy : they 'd like to have a model that weights unavailable voters .
Some pollsters to persistently call back , get a feel for the way unavailable voters are going , and weight them accordingly .
Order and wording of questions :
You'd think this would n't matter much in a presidential poll , but remember that pollsters ask multiple questions .
For example , an IBD - TIPP poll that reported a 1 % Obama lead at a time when the average was 7 % asked the question " Are we ready for socialism ? " before asking the question on presidential preference .
By asking questions that prime positive or negative associations in the mind of respondents , pollsters can move results several points in the direction they choose .
Psychologist Elizabeth Loftus demonstrated this in an experiment where she showed subjects a video clip of a traffic accident , then asked half of the subjects " how fast were the cars going when they smashed ? " and the other half " how fast were the cars going when they bumped ? "
The first group reported significantly faster speeds .
Words matter .
Refusal rates and truthfulness of responses : Some respondents refuse to answer pollster questions .
If refusing to answer is correlated with voting for one candidate , then that candidate will be underrepresented in the polls .
Some pollsters try to get at this problem by calling back repeatedly , but this in at best a partial solution .
In some cases , voters may lie , although there does not seem to be a motivation to do so .
The Bradley Effect is an instance of voters lying , but as reported above , seems to be a minor effect ( if any ) today .
Passage of time : Obviously , the polls are taken before the election , and voters may change their minds between the poll and election day .
Which polls are best ?
538 ( Nate Silver , D ) publishes both a current trend line and a projection of where they think the election will end up .
They weight polls according to how much they trust them , and use linear regression to combine polls .
He then runs 10,000 simulations of the election to predict the probability of each candidate winning .
Princeton Election Consortium ( Sam Wang , D ) averages the current polls .
It attempts to be a snapshot of what is happening today rather than a prediction of what will happen on election day .
Rather than using simulations , they use a clever enumeration scheme to sum up the probability of each candidate winning .
rather than a prediction of what will happen on election day .
Rather than using simulations , they use a clever enumeration scheme to sum up the probability of each candidate winning .
RealClearPolitics.com ( John McIntyre , R ) is the least manipulated : they use a straight average of all the polls , with no fancy statistical manipulation .
Electoral - vote.com ( Andrew Tanenbaum , D ) averages polls , using the likely voter models , and using only neutral pollsters .
Pollster.com ( Mark Blumenthal , D ) uses all the polls , unweighted but fitted with a local regression , to get a snapshot of where we stand today .
For some , the " celebrities " of this election are Obama , Palin , McCain and Biden .
For some , it 's Joe the Plumber .
But for me , it is the unsung amateurs turned statisticians :
Where do I vote ?
I voted by mail on Oct. 21 .
I voted by mail on Oct. 21 .
Registration deadlines have passed in most if not all states , so now it is a question of where to vote .
Type your address below to find out :
If you have problems voting , this article lists remedies .
What about voter fraud ?
In the final debate , Senator McCain warned about " ACORN , who is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . "
Wow , that sounds serious .
How big a problem is voter fraud ?
In 2002 , the Bush administration thought it was serious indeed , and launched a crackdown .
From 2002 through April 2007 , this program yielded 86 convictions : 40 for vote buying / intimidation or ballot forgery , 18 for ineligible voting ( e.g. by an non-citizen immigrant or a criminal on probation ) , 5 for voting twice , 5 for registration fraud ( such as a non-citizen registering but not voting ) , and 2 for civil rights violations .
The vote - buying schemes were all for local races ; there were no convictions related to state or national races .
Ronald Michaelson of the McCain - Palin Honest and Open Election Committee says he does not know of a documented case of voter fraud that resulted from a phony registration form .
Of course , where there are 86 convictions ( 14 per year ) , there may be many more crimes .
For the sake of argument , let 's say that for each conviction there are 100 cases of fraud that go undetected .
If that were the case , fraud would amount to about 0.003 % of the vote , which would not be enough to swing even the close 2000 presidential election .
Fox News looked into the problem and concluded " One does n't have to look far to find instances of fradulant ballots cast in actual elections . "
But readers of that article have commented that Fox did have to look pretty far : all the way back to 1984 , when a study found " thousands " of fradulant votes between 1968 and 1982 in state races .
Again , this comes out to somewhere in the range of 0.001 % of votes .
While every fradulant vote is a felony that should be taken seriously , there is no way this level of activity could affect a national race .
What was ACORN 's role in this ?
ACORN hires workers to register people to vote , concentrating on low - income neighborhoods .
This year their 13,000 workers registered 1.3 million voters .
While ACORN says that " The vast , vast majority were dedicated workers , " it seems clear that some of the workers find it easier to fill in false registration forms rather than do the harder work of getting real people to actually register .
The workers are paid $ 8 / hour ( not paid by the form as some have reported ) but if they do n't hand in any forms they will soon lose their jobs , so there would be an incentive for some workers to fill out false forms .
When ACORN hands the forms over to the registrar , they are separated into three piles : forms that are incomplete , those that look valid , and those that are suspect of being invalid .
In most states , ACORN and others who do registration drives are required to hand over all the forms , even the suspect ones ( which is a good law , because otherwise valid forms could be discarded ) .
In most cases , the invalid forms are rejected by the state registrar .
But even if a form registering Mickey Mouse is not rejected as being invalid , it is unlikely that Mickey Mouse would turn up and vote .
I have not been able to come up with a single case of ACORN being involved with actual voting fraud .
If you know of one , let me know .
There have been several ACORN workers fired for handing in improper forms , and several have been arrested and convicted for registration fraud , not voting fraud .
The situation was summed up well by supreme court justice John Paul Stevens , who wrote with respect to the case of Crawford vs. Marion County , that " the record contains no evidence of any such [ voter ] fraud actually occurring in Indiana at any time in its history . "
On the other side of the aisle , Democrats complain about voter suppression .
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Greg Palast claim that Republicans have eliminated millions of Democratic voters from the voter rolls .
The Help America Vote
Act of 2002 has a provision for removing erroneous registration records from the system .
That seems like a good idea , but the problem is that most errors mean that the problem should be corrected , not that the voter should be purged .
For example , " Joe the Plumber " , or Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher , is actually registered under " Worzelbacher . "
It seems clear he should be allowed to vote .
The Republican strategy is to challenge registrations that have a typo like Joe's , forcing them to cast a provisional ballot , a process that is more time consuming and might cause frustrated voters to give up and go home rather than wait through a lengthy process .
Why would Republicans use this strategy ?
Historically , because those who change addresses more often ( and thus are more likely to have registration problems ) are more likely to be low - income , and that means more likely to be Democrats .
But this year especially , a large majority of new registrations are Democratic , or are young voters who tend to favor Obama .
So , the NY Times reports , some states are illegally removing voters from rolls .
I think this fear too is overblown .
Joe the Plumber did get to vote in the primary , and I think he and other misspelled voters will vote again .
TPM reports that Republican voter suppression efforts have not been successful ( for a variety of reasons ) , and Obama counsel Bob Bauer stated " We are very confident that election officials are working to solve these problems .
To the extent that the [ NY Times ] article left people with the impression that there is a meltdown [ that will prevent people from voting ] , that would be the wrong belief to take away from that article . "
The third problem to worry about is voting machines ( of all types ) .
In 2000 , over 2 million punch - card ballots could not be read , because of either multiple or inconclusive punches .
Security of voting machines has ranged from poor to incompetent .
I believe that many voting machines are insecure , and should be redesigned .
However , I think there are sufficient human , non -software safeguards that software fraud is not a major threat .
Despite all the claims of fraud in recent elections , there is no evidence of any fraud that makes a difference .
In the 2004 election , the final total of 51 % Bush to 48 % Kerry closely matched the polls leading up to the election ( various , but average within 1 % of the final total ) .
Sam Wong 's state - by - state meta- analysis of polls predicted the final electoral vote result exactly .
There was a larger discrepancy in the exit polls -- everyone agrees that the exit poll totals varied significantly from the final results -- but careful analysis shows that the exit polls do not conclusively show a problem ( nor do they rule out the possibility of a problem ) .
There just does n't seem to be any clear evidence that the final vote was anything different than what the polls are telling us .
Similar results hold for 2000 , 2002 and 2006 .
My conclusion is that voter fraud contributes less than 0.01 % ( probably less than 0.001 % ) , voter suppression contributes about 0.1 % ( about 100,000 votes ) and voting machine errors ( including honest mistakes by voters ) are harder to estimate but amount to less than 1 % , probably less than 0.1 % .
Current polls predict an Obama win by about 6 % , so it does not look like any of these problems will be a factor .
Both parties have armies of lawyers standing by , so if there are any significant irregularities , you will certainly hear about it .
( On the other hand , you could say that the 2000 election was decided by voting error ( due to the butterfly ballots ) , and you could equally say it was decided by Ralph Nader 's ego , by Al Gore 's sighs , by Jeb Bush and Katherine Harris 's failure to recuse themselves , by voter suppression ( by some counts nearly 3 % of African Americans in Florida were removed from rolls ) , by the suppression of vote - pairing web sites , or by the whim of the SCOTUS . )
In December 2006 , 7 US Attorneys were dismissed because they , in the eyes of the administration , did not persue voter fraud investigations vigorously enough .
Perhaps they thought that other crimes were more important than a possible 0.003 % of the vote ( homicide , for example , is about 1000 times more common than voter fraud conviction ) .
The dismissal of the US Attorneys was seen as an inappropriate politically - motivated move , and led to the resignation of Attorney General Gozales and 8 other officials .
US Attorny David Iglesias wrote that he was dismissed because " After reviewing more than 100 complaints of voter fraud , I felt there was one possible case that should be prosecuted federally .
... I could not overcome evidentiary problems ... the FBI did not disagree with my decision ... not to prosecute . "
The map below shows where states are in the process of verifying votes with an auditable paper trail .
Green means verified trail and mandatory audits ; golden means verified trail but no mandatory audits ; yellow means no verification requirement but in practice verification is in use ; red means no verification requirement .
Only three of these no-verification states are considered battleground states : Pennsylvania , Virginia , and Indiana .
What do the candidates say ?
You can catch soundbites from the candidates on daily newspapers , TV , or radio ( I like XM radio POTUS ' 08 , channel 130 ) .
For longer clips , check YouChoose .
Fun .
For written quotes on the topic of your choice , try In Quotes .
Good for research .
You can always go direct to the position papers from McCain and Obama .
Questions further down in this FAQ will cover specific issues .
What is this election about ?
As Andrew Sullivan wrote in May 2007 , Obama " is the candidate for real change .
He has what Reagan had in 1980 and Clinton had in 1992 : the wind at his back .
Sometimes , elections really do come down to a simple choice : change or more of the same ? "
It seems everyone now agrees with the message of change ( see video at right ) .
With the current president 's approval rating at around 25 % , and in the latest poll only 13 % believing the country is headed in the right direction , it is clear voters want something different .
That 's why Obama , who adopted the message of " Change " from the start , was able to win the nomination over Clinton , who focused on the message of " Experience . "
Ordinarily this sentiment would mean the incumbent party was in for a big loss .
But McCain also chose the message of " Change " ( and " Maverick " ) , allowing him to beat out the Republican field .
As McCain put it in a Sept. 4th speech : " I fight to restore the pride and principles of our party .
We were elected to change Washington , and we let Washington change us .
We lost -- we lost the trust of the American people when some Republicans gave in to the temptations of corruption .
We lost their trust when rather than reform government , both parties made it bigger .
We lost their trust when instead of freeing ourselves from a dangerous dependence on foreign oil , both parties -- and Sen. Obama -- passed another corporate welfare bill for oil companies .
We lost their trust when we valued our power over our principles .
We 're going to change that .
We 're going to recover the people 's trust by standing up again to the values Americans admire .
The party of Lincoln , Roosevelt and Reagan is going to get back to basics . "
In a NY Times / CBS poll on Sept. 18 , 65 % thought Obama would bring real change ; only 37 % thought that of McCain .
It 's the economy , stupid .
In terms of issues , the latest poll lists these as the most important issues in electing the next president :
The economy and jobs 57 % See link below Terrorism and national security 9 % See link below Health care 8 % Gas prices and energy policy 7 % The war in Iraq 7 %
What about the economy ?
Who has the better economic plan ?
Voters prefer Obama by a large margin ( 46 % to 29 % in an Oct. 5th poll ) .
And roughly 60 % of voters think the economy is the most important issue .
On the other hand , the average voter has not thoroughly researched the two candidates ' plans , so poll results may be based on superficial reactions , or on a backlash against the Bush policies .
The Economist , the fiscally - conservative socially - liberal London - based weekly news magazine , canvassed 142 American economists .
80 % thought Obama had the better plan .
If you discard the respondents who identified as either Republic or Democrat , 71 % of the independents favored Obama .
Similar numbers hold for the question of who understands the economy better ; even among self - identified Republicans , twice as many thought Obama had a better understanding of economics .
Both The Economist and the centrist Financial Times endorsed Obama ; the other financial publication of record , the conservative Wall Street Journal , has not made a presidential endorsement in 70 years ( they chose Herbert Hoover then ) but may make a pick this year .
Advisors :
Of course , a president picks advisors to help with tough economic problems ; 81 % of respondents ( and 71 % of independent respondents ) thought Obama would assemble the superior team of advisors .
On McCain 's side , there was widespread bipartisan support saying that Doug Holtz - Eakin , McCain 's main economic advisor , would do a good job , but there was widespread skepticism of Phil Gramm , another McCain advisor , who said the problem today is that we are a nation of whiners , and co-sponsored the Commodity Futures Modernization
Act of 2000 , which legalized credit default swaps , which were in part responsible for the current economic crisis .
Part of McCain 's perceived problem is that he , like Gramm , has a long record of support for deregulation and said on Sept. 20th " I think the deregulation was probably helpful to the growth of our economy . "
Obama 's team was seen as " mainstream and non-ideological but extremely talented . "
His top advisors are Austan Goolsbee and Jeffrey Liebman .
McCain got his best advantage on the subject of free trade and globalization .
( I agree ; I thought McCain 's spokesman 's statement that " John McCain cannot support farm policies that are too costly for the taxpayer , particularly when they also play a negative role in encouraging farmers to rely on government subsidies " was exactly the right policy , and courageous in that neither party had taken on farm subsidies in this way . )
Elsewhere , the Economists for Obama blog claims that economists support Obama by a 2 - 1 margin .
On Oct. 21st , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernake endorsed Obama 's stimulus plan .
For his part , McCain has a list titled 100 economists who favor McCain , but actually it contains 90 names , most notably Burton Malkiel and George Shultz .
The USA Today chart at right of contributions from various business sectors shows that business people are more comfortable with Obama than McCain .
This may reflect their business policies , or it may just mean people go with the leader .
Bailout warning :
In the second presidential debate , both candidates said they had written a letter warning of the crisis .
McCain 's May 5 , 2006 letter to Frist and Banking Committee Chairman Richard Shelby is here .
It warns that " if effective regulatory reform legislation ... is not enacted this year , American taxpayers will continue to be exposed to the enormous risk that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pose . "
Obama 's March 22 , 2007 letter to Bernake and Paulson is here .
It expresses concern over " a potential coming wave of foreclosures " and suggests that " Working together , the relevant private sector entities and regulators may be best positioned for quick and targeted responses to mitigate the danger . "
They were both right .
But then Nobel - winning economist Paul Krugman predicted the meltdown in 2005 .
Temperament and economic education : McCain has said
The issue of economics is something that I 've really never understood as well as I should . "
It also appears he is not interested in learning about the complexities ; preferring an over - simplified view .
George
Will relates a story where " A Republican financial expert recalls attending a dinner with McCain for the purpose of discussing with him domestic and international financial complexities that clearly did not fascinate the senator .
As the dinner ended , McCain 's question for his briefer was ` So , who 's the villain ? ' " Obama , on the other hand , seems to be willing to deal with complexity and nuance , and not search for a single villain .
McCain 's recently is using a good line that resonates with many ( including me ) : " We both disagree with President Bush on economic policy .
The difference is that he thinks taxes have been too low , and I think that spending has been too high . "
I agree that the biggest problem with Bush 's economic policy has been out - of - control spending .
But the problems with McCain 's line are ( 1 ) now , in a time of financial crisis , most experts agree that the government should spend to create a stimulus , ( 2 ) spending was n't the only problem with Bush 's policy : deregulation was one of the many causes of the financial crisis , and McCain has been a staunch supporter of deregulation , ( 3 ) Obama 's plan lets Bush 's temporary tax cuts expire ; McCain himself was against Bush 's tax cuts when they were proposed , saying " when you ... reach a certain level of comfort , there 's nothing wrong with paying somewhat more " , ( 4 ) while it is true that Obama wants to raise total government revenues by restoring a higher tax rate for the richest , for most American 's it is Obama 's plan , not McCain 's , that will cut their taxes , and ( 5 ) of all the states that spread someone else 's wealth around , it is Palin 's state , Alaska , that does it the most .
McCain has also been criticizing Obama for wanting to " spread the wealth around " , but Obama points out that what he is doing is similar to what McCain 's heroes have done : Teddy Roosevelt instituted the progressive income tax , and Ronald Reagan initiated the earned income credit , for example .
But the biggest problem or McCain is that Americans like the idea of spreading the wealth around .
By a 58% - 37 % margin , they think wealth should be more evenly distributed .
McCain has made progress : earlier this year it was a 68 % - 27 % margin ; but he is still in the minority .
Taxes :
For average citizens , one of the most important economic topics is tax policy .
Both candidates want to reduce taxes .
According to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center , McCain 's tax cuts would result in a reduction of tax revenues of $ 3.6 trillion ( 10 % ) over the next ten years , and Obama 's in a reduction of $ 2.7 trillion ( 7 % ) .
Both candidates give tax cuts to every family making less than $ 200,000 / year .
Obama 's plan gives tax increases to those making over $ 600,000 / year ( the top 1 % ) , while McCain gives the largest cuts to the top 1 % .
If your family income is less than $ 100,000 / year , you 'll get a much bigger cut from Obama , if you make $ 100,000 to $ 160,000 you 'll get a little more from McCain , and if you make over $ 160,000 you 'll do a lot better with McCain .
According to the Tax Policy Center , Obama 's plan would increase the national debt by $ 3.5 trillion ( or $ 12,000 per American ) over 10 years .
McCain 's plan would increase the national debt by $ 5 trillion ( or $ 17,000 per American ) .
See their pdf report .
According to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget , here 's how the candidates 's tax and spending plans would affect the deficit in the year 2013 ( full report here ) .
A negative number increases the deficit , a positive number decreases the deficit :
McCain Obama Tax Policy -$ 417 to -$ 485 billion - $ 360 billion Health care - $ 54 to - $ 65 billion - $ 65 billion Spending Cuts +$ 183 to +$ 196 billion +$ 38 billion Total - $ 275 to - $ 367 billion - $ 387 billion National Debt Clock
In other words , McCain will cut taxes more and will also cut spending more .
The net result is that both will increase the deficit ( spend more than they take in ) , but McCain will do it less , by $ 20 to $ 112 billion .
But take these estimates with a grain of salt -- for example , McCain 's number includes a savings of $ 159 billion for " unspecified cuts to balance the budget . "
If it turns out he can't specify all $ 159 billion , it might turn out that Obama 's plan in the more fiscally responsible .
Joe the plumber :
It turns out Joe would get a tax cut under Obama 's plan .
But what if he did end up making more than $ 250,000 a year ?
Then he would pay more taxes , but he would get more help from Obama for paying for health care for his employees .
Adam Smith , the founder of capitalism ( and of economics ) said " It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense , not only in proportion to their revenue , but something more than in that proportion . "
Billionaire Warren Buffet complains that his taxes are too low : he paid 18 % in taxes , and his secretary and other office staff members averaged 33 % .
He thinks he should pay more .
Obama agrees ; McCain thinks the rich should pay less .
What about the terrorism and national security ?
In 2004 , Bush won reelection by convincing voters that he could better keep the country safe from terrorists .
This year the country 's perceived threats have changed .
The world is still a dangerous and uncertain place , but there are different priorities .
Here are some of the top issues , and how the candidates would handle them .
Iran : McCain has criticized Obama for being willing to enter into talks with Iran before they make concessions .
Various secretaries of state have supported Obama 's view .
McCain says " there 's only one thing worse than military action against Iran and that is a nuclear - armed Iran . "
Obama said he " would only use force as a last resort . "
I think that Obama would successfully use pressure to end Iran 's nuclear program and that McCain would lead us into war with Iran , which would go about as well as war with Iraq .
Pakistan : McCain has criticized Obama for suggesting that the US should follow Taliban and al - Qaeda fighters that flee from Afghanistan into Pakistan , and attack them in Pakistan , calling the idea " naive . "
Obama 's idea is now the policy of US forces in Afghanistan , as planned by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and approved by Bush .
The jury is still out as to whether it was a good idea , but it appears that Pakistan has tacitly agreed with the policy .
If Obama is naive , then the Joint Chiefs of Staff are naive .
McCain has been a moderate with respect to Pakistan .
Military : Both would cut certain ( vaguely specified ) combat systems .
Obama wants to cut " unproven missle defense " and " future combat systems ; " McCain would cut the Boeing C - 17 and YAL - 1 and the " future combat systems . "
Both recognize that times have changed , and our enemies will be more insurgents , less big armies and navies .
Obama would add 90,000 soldiers ; McCain also supports a large military .
Torture : Both candidates would offer marked change from the current administration .
Both think waterboarding is torture , torture is wrong , Guantanamo should be closed , and the prisoners there should be tried .
McCain negotiated a compromise bill that got some of what he wanted , but allowed Bush to make interpretations on what counts as torture .
McCain was criticized for the compromise on torture and nhabeus corpus , but I think McCain would favor a no - compromise stand if elected .
I know Obama would .
Nonproliferation :
This was one of Obama 's priorities in the Senate ( working with Sen. Luger ) ; he would " crack down on nuclear proliferation , " styop the development of new US nuclear weapons , and work to eliminate nuclear weapons in the future .
McCain thinks the US should reduce nuclear weapons to encourage other nations to follow .
Rule of Law :
One of the main factors driving Bush 's approval rating to a record low is his theory of the unified executive : a president ( and vice president ) who are above the constitutional and the rule of law .
Bush claimed the power to seize any person , US citizen or not , anywhere in the world , and declare him an enemy combatant , and detain ( and torture ) him forever without due process .
This squandered the US 's moral authority and brought us down to the level of the terrorists we were fighting .
Of all the tasks facing the next president , the task of restoring the rule of law , the constitution , and America 's standing in the world is the most important .
McCain would be a big imporvement over Bush .
But he has compromised over basic rights like habeous corpus , and he has indicated that he likes supreme court judges who would grant the President unchecked power .
Obama would not allow the supreme court to go down that path , has never wavered in his support of the constitution , and is already winning the referendum in the eyes of the world -- he is the overwhelming choice of both the public and foreign leaders in countries around the world .
If the constitution is important to you , Obama is a better choice .
How do voters feel about the issues ?
Here is an interesting article on 22 issues .
I would n't have put Cuba and the Everglades on my list of top 22 issues , but this was in a Florida paper .
Overall , the plurality of the American public :
Agrees more with Obama on Abortion , Campaign Finance , Cuba , Education , Gun Control , Health Care , Iraq , Taxes and Trade .
Agrees more with McCain on Offshore Drilling and Iran .
Are split or agree with aspects of both candidates on Afghanistan , Death Penalty , Economy , Everglades , Gay Marriage , Global Warming , Housing , Immigration , Social Security , and Stem Cell Research .
Is Obama ready to lead ?
Are the other candidates ?
Do the candidates pass the resume screen test ?
In this election , all four contenders are senators or governors and thus are feasible candidates for the job ; they can't be rejected for their resume alone .
Obama may be on the low side for experience by a presidential candidate ( with 8 years IL senate and 4 years US senate ) , but so were Abraham Lincoln ( 8 years IL house and 2 years US house ) , Ronald Reagan ( 8 years CA governor ) , and John F. Kennedy ( 6 years MA house , 7 years US senate ) , the three top-rated presidents of all time , according to this Gallup poll .
Palin ( 2 years AK governor ) may be near the bottom for experience by a VP candidate ( only Spiro Agnew ( 2 years MD governor ) and Chester Arthur ( 7 years NY port collector ) had so little experience according to Lessig ) , but experience alone cannot predict how any candidate might do on the job .
Another Damn Blog does a statistical analysis to show that a president 's success ( as measured by historian 's rankings ) is not correlated with age nor with legislative experience .
So let 's look past the resumes and evaluate the pros and cons of each candidate .
What are the pros and cons for McCain ?
Pros :
Many years of experience , served in the military and as a POW , has a long record of bipartisan efforts in the Senate , and has the appeal of tax cuts for both citizens and businesses .
Deserves credit for going against his fellow Republicans with some tough stands against ethanol subsidies , federal hurricane insurance , ANWR drilling and pork spending .
Strongest Republican on global warming .
Was a chief proponent of the surge in Iraq , where conditions are much improved .
Cons : McCain faces two main challenges .
First , some may disagree with parts of his record .
On Iraq , he was a hawk , stating that Saddam certainly had WMDs , the war would be fast , easy , and with few casualties , and that we would be welcomed as liberators .
On the economy , he has a history of deregulation of financial markets , the stain of the Keating Five scandal , campaign manager Rick Davis 's lobbying money from Fannie Mae an Freddie Mac , and his seeming out of touch by not being able to remember how many houses he has and saying " the fundamentals of the economy are strong " the day before the biggest collapse in 70 years .
Second , some have criticized his temperament .
He has an advantage over Obama in experience , but is McCain too angry ?
Or too quick to make a decision from the gut , rather than waiting to analyze it ?
Too much like George W. Bush ?
Again , we 'll ignore partisan critics from the other side .
But serious arch - conservatives such as George F . Will have expressed concern that " Under the pressure of the financial crisis , one presidential candidate is behaving like a flustered rookie playing in a league too high .
...
It is not Barack Obama . " and " the more one sees of [ McCain 's ] impulsive , intensely personal reactions to people and events , the less confidence one has that he would select judges by calm reflection and clear principles , having neither patience nor aptitude for either . " and concludes " It is arguable that , because of his inexperience , Obama is not ready for the presidency .
It is arguable that McCain , because of his boiling moralism and bottomless reservoir of certitudes , is not suited to the presidency .
Unreadiness can be corrected , although perhaps at great cost , by experience .
Can a dismaying temperament be fixed ? "
Similarly , Elizabeth Drew , who wrote the very positive biography Citizen McCain , now believes that McCain has thrown away his reputation , that " there was a disturbingly erratic side of McCain 's nature .
There 's a certain lack of seriousness in him .
And he does not appear to be a reflective man , or very interested in domestic issues .
One cannot imagine him ruminating late into the night about , say , how to educate and train Americans for the new global and technological challenges . "
If the " McCain is not serious " criticism sticks , his chances disappear .
It does seem that he has an annoying tendency to fixate on small parts of the problem , parts that he believes can have a strong emotional impact .
For example , McCain emphasizes new offshore drilling , which if started now could make up about 1 % of our oil needs in 20 years ( yellow wedge below ) .
He emphasizes eliminating earmarks , which is a laudable goal ; it would be great if we could get rid of them .
But earmarks make up about 1 /2 of 1 % of the budget ( orange slice below ) ; in a time of economic crisis such as today , it seems silly to concentrate on less than 1 % of the problem ( especially when McCain voted for the bailout package , which contained about $ 100 billion of earmarks ; more than McCain could eliminate even if he got rid of 100 % of earmarks each year for 8 years in office ) .
What are the pros and cons for Obama ?
Cons : Here are Obama 's two main challenges .
First he has been portrayed as too inexperienced -- only 47 years old , with just 8 years in the Illinois state senate and 4 years in the US senate .
He needs to show that he has what it takes to lead the country .
Polls taken after the first debate show that he is closing the gap , but McCain still leads on experience .
The neocon computer scientist David Gelernter makes the case that Obama himself as well as his whole post - cultural - revolution generation is incapable of facing up to the brutalities of the real world .
Gelernter 's essay is short on facts and argument , but it expresses perfectly the rage and contempt he feels for youngsters like Obama .
If McCain shares this contempt , that would explain why McCain refused to look Obama in the eye during the first debate : Gelernter ( and perhaps McCain ) does n't see Obama as an accomplished US Senator , but rather a foolish child .
That would explain why McCain could pick Palin as VP : any risk is worth it if the alternative is that McCain the adult is denied the Whitehouse in favor of a foolish and dangerous child .
Second , Obama has been criticized as being a liberal bent on higher taxes and bigger government .
The National Taxpayers Union says Obama would increase spending by $ 292 billion annually , while McCain would increase spending by only $ 92 billion ( I still can't get used to putting " only " before $ 92 billion ) .
But Obama is more fiscally responsible , in that his higher taxes on the rich mean he comes $ 1.5 trillion closer to balancing the budget than does McCain ( over a ten year period ) .
See the question in this FAQ on the economy .
What are the pros and cons of Biden ?
Pros : Very experienced ; as chairman of Senate Foreign Relations Committee , shores up Obama 's weakness .
Cons : Loose cannon ; " a persistent tendency to say silly , offensive , and off - putting things . "
His long tenure in Washington undercuts Obama 's message of change .
But let 's face it : Biden 's presence in this race is not going to be a deciding factor .
What are the pros and cons of Palin ?
Pros : Young and dynamic ; compelling personal story ; attractive to evangelical Christian voters and potentially to women voters .
( Immediately after selecting Palin , McCain received a 53 % to 37 % lead among white women voters .
But as of Sept. 24 , the lead had swung back to Obama , 48 % to 42 % , about the same as voters in general . )
Cons : Several ongoing scandals ( especially Troopergate ) and cover-ups of scandals .
More importantly , the perception that she is just not a viable candidate .
( 51 % thought she was unqualified in a September 27 - 29 Pew poll , 60 % in a Washington Post / ABC poll the same dates , and 75 % in a NY Times / CBS poll though she was picked to win the election , not because she was qualified . )
Ignore the partisan liberal detractors ; what they say is just noise .
But it is significant that a number of top conservative thinkers , including many who initially applauded Palin , now feel she is not qualified :
Colin Powell , Republican former Secretary of State and informal McCain advisor said in his endorsement of Obama on Oct. 19th , " I do n't believe [ Palin ] is ready to be president . "
Chuck Hagel ( Republican senator ) said of Palin " I do n't believe she 's qualified to be President of the United States .
...
The first judgment a potential President makes is who their running mate is -- and I do n't think John made a very good selection . "
David Ignatius ( conservative Washington Post columnist and former district attorney ) : " In the military culture that shaped John McCain , there is no more important responsibility than the promotion boards that select the right officers for top positions of command .
...
McCain made the most important command decision of his life when he chose Sarah Palin as his vice presidential nominee .
Two weeks later , it is still puzzling that he selected a person who , for all her admirable qualities , is not prepared by experience or interest to be commander in chief .
No promotion board in history would have made such a decision . "
columnist and former district attorney ) : Matthew Dowd , George W. Bush 's chief strategist said McCain " put somebody unqualified on that ballot and he put the country at risk , he knows that . "
Romesh Ratnesar ( Time reporter ) : " But we should stop pretending that she is ready now or anytime in the foreseeable future to be Commander - in - Chief . "
reporter ) : Kathleen Parker ( National Review 's conservative columnist ) : " She 's out of her league ...
She can bow out for personal reasons ... "
's conservative columnist ) : Fareed Zakaria ( centrist Newsweek columnist and author ) : " Can we now admit the obvious ?
Sarah Palin is utterly unqualified to be vice president .
She is a feisty , charismatic politician who has done some good things in Alaska .
But she has never spent a day thinking about any important national or international issue , and this is a hell of a time to start . "
columnist and author ) : Rod Dreher ( Conservative blogger / columnist ) : " Palin just does n't know what she 's talking about .
...
Look , I do n't think Palin is dim by any stretch , and I admire many of her qualities .
It 's just that she 's just in way , way over her head .
... Palin 's just babbling .
She makes George W. Bush sound like Cicero . "
Francis Fukuyama ( conservative scholar ) : " Palin as a running mate was highly irresponsible ; we have suffered under the current president who entered office without much knowledge of the world and was easily captured by the wrong advisers . "
David Brooks ( NY Times avid McCain fan ) : " Sarah Palin has many virtues .
If you wanted someone to destroy a corrupt establishment , she 'd be your woman .
But the constructive act of governance is another matter .
She has not been engaged in national issues , does not have a repertoire of historic patterns and , like President Bush , she seems to compensate for her lack of experience with brashness and excessive decisiveness . " ( and later on ABC ) " I believe with expert coaching she will be able ' to rise to the level of mediocrity . ' " ( and Oct. 7th ) Sarah Palin " represents a fatal cancer to the Republican party .
... Reagan had an immense faith in the power of ideas .
But there has been a counter , more populist tradition , which is not only to scorn liberal ideas but to scorn ideas entirely .
And I 'm afraid that Sarah Palin has those prejudices . "
avid McCain fan ) : ( and later on ABC ) ( and Oct. 7th ) Sarah Palin David Frum ( conservative columnist ) : " Ms. Palin is a bold pick , and probably a shrewd one .
It 's not nearly so clear that she is a responsible pick , or a wise one .
...
How serious can [ McCain ] be , if he would place such a neophyte second in line to the presidency ?
... I think she has ... proven that she is not up to the job of being president . "
Dan Morgan ( conservative blogger ) : " At first I was really pulling for Palin .
So many of us libertarian - conservatives are hoping for a new Reagan to appear , and perhaps she was a female Reagan coming down from Alaska to help re-establish limited government and to fight for freedom .
But now that Palin has given several interviews it has become painfully obvious that she is not VP material .
I truly hate to say that .
...
My advice to her is to stop humiliating herself ... and go back to being Governor of Alaska where you were doing just fine . "
Carl Bernstein ( Pulitzer - winning journalist ) : " Indeed , no presidential nominee of either party in the last century has seemed so willing to endanger the country 's security as McCain in his reckless choice of a running mate .
... John McCain is a serious man , as anyone who has spent time with him knows .
But he has not run the kind of serious campaign he once promised .
Not for the first time , as many of his fellow Republicans ( as opposed to friendly reporters and sympathetic Democrats ) had long maintained , McCain 's more reckless inclinations and lesser impulses prevailed . "
Peggy Noonan conservative author and Reagan speechwriter , said " There is little sign that she has the tools , the equipment , the knowledge or the philosophical grounding one hopes for , and expects , in a holder of high office .
...
In the end the Palin candidacy is a symptom and expression of a new vulgarization in American politics .
It 's no good , not for conservatism and not for the country .
And yes , it is a mark against John McCain , against his judgment and idealism . "
John Ensign ( R - Nev ) , chair of the National Republican Senatorial Committee : " I do not think that [ Palin is ] experienced enough to be President . "
( For the record , he also thinks Obama is too inexperienced . )
( For the record , he also thinks Obama is too inexperienced . )
Kenneth Adelman , lifelong Republican and director of Arms Control under Reagan , said in his endorsement of Obama , " The most important decision John McCain made in his long campaign was deciding on a running mate .
That decision showed appalling lack of judgment .
Not only is Sarah Palin not close to being acceptable in high office -- I would not have hired her for even a mid-level post in the arms - control agency .
But that selection contradicted McCain 's main two , and best two , themes for his campaign -- Country First , and experience counts .
Neither can he credibly claim , post - Palin pick . "
Lawrence Eagleburger ( George H W Bush 's secretary of state ) , when asked if Palin was ready to be President : " It is a very good question [ chuckle ] I 'm being facetious here .
Look , of course not . "
Ken Duberstein ( Reagan 's chief of staff and former McCain fundraiser ) criticized McCain 's VP selection process : " Even at McDonalds , you 're interviewed three times before you 're given a job . "
Andrew Sullivan ( conservatige blogger turned Obama fan ) : " She is who she is : an unqualified fundamentalist liar with no knowledge of or experience in national domestic or foreign policy .
And McCain had absolutely no idea who she was when he picked her . "
Talking Points Memo made the following graphic of Palin reaction quotes ; hover over a person or newspaper to see their reaction .
Who won the debates ?
Palin 's performance in the vice - presidential debate seemed to have had two effects .
First , it silenced the critics who , based mostly on the Couric interviews , worried that Palin could not even form a coherent English sentence .
Second , for a majority of viewers it reinforced the view that Biden is the more experienced , knowledgeable pick .
Here is a survey of polling results on who won the vice - presidential debate :
Polling Agency Biden Palin Differential CNN / Opinion Research 51 36 Biden +15 CBS 46 21 Biden +25 Fox 61 39 Biden + 22 Survey USA 51 32 Biden +19 MediaCurves 67 33 Biden +34 Average 55 32 Biden +23
Who endorses each candidate ?
Now is the season : you can see Wikipedia 's list of newspaper endorsements and an interactive map of the paper 's locations .
As of Nov. 3rd , Obama has 458 ( including 62 papers that endorsed Bush in 2004 ) and McCain has 171 ( with 9 that endorsed Kerry in 2004 ) .
In other words , Obama has 73 % of the endorsements , including 27 % of the papers that favored Bush and 98 % of the ones that endorsed Kerry .
You can also see a long list of individual endorsements for both McCain and Obama .
In general , Republicans endorse McCain and Democrats endorse Obama .
Are you shocked ?
McCain gets the tough guy actors ( James Caan , Robert Duvall , Clint Eastwood , Sylvester Stallone , Jon Voight ) .
Obama gets the hip and / or young actors ( Ben Affleck , Halle Berry , Pierce Brosnan , John Cleese , George Clooney , Gena Davis , Morgan Freeman , Tom Hanks , Samuel L. Jackson , Brad Pitt , Ben Stiller , Will Ferrell ) .
Obama also gets some surprises , like NASCAR champion Junior Johnson .
But beyond the celebrity gossip , I found three interesting things .
I was n't surprised that McCain has " over 100 generals and admirals " in his camp ( although only 26 military people , not all generals or admirals , are actually listed on the Wikipedia page ) as well as organizations such as Vets for Freedom .
But I was surprised to see that Obama also does well with military endorsements : he has 22 top military endorsers , including Colin Powell , and several veterans groups : Vet Pac , VoteVets.org , and the AFL - CIO Union Veterans Council .
Second , Obama has a list of 76 Nobel Laureate scientists , including many of my favorites : Harold Varmus , Don Glaser , Eric Kandel , Leon Lederman , Craig Mello , and Burton Richter .
Obama also has six Nobel economists , and 11 economists overall .
McCain has one economist , Anne Kreuger .
The words " Nobel " and " Scientist " do not appear on McCain 's page .
Third , Obama has the endorsement of 13 foreign political leaders .
The only foreign endorsement for McCain is Norm McDonald , the former Saturday Night Live comedian .
He 's Canadian .
Who can best reach across the aisle ?
In a period where Americans seem to be looking for better bipartisan cooperation , both candidates have something to offer .
The American Conservative Union 's list of 5 best and 21 worst senators does not mention either McCain or Obama , so they 're both somewhat moderate .
McCain is well - known for co-sponsoring legislation with Democrats , such as the McCain - Feingold campaign reform act .
He worked with Ted Kennedy on immigration reform , and Joe Lieberman on cap - and - trade for greenhouse gases , but could not get either law past Republican opposition .
Obama has also had bipartisan success ( or post - partisan , as he calls it ) , working with Republicans on the Lugar - Obama act on nuclear nonproliferation and the Coburn - Obama act which introduced USAspending.org , a web site detailing government spending .
McCain enjoys the support of several prominent Democrats , most notably Joe Lieberman , but also NH house member Doreen Howard and Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild , a former Hilary Clinton fundraiser .
Obama enjoys the support of Republican politicians Colin Powell , Bill Weld , Larry Pressler , Arne Carlson , Lincoln Chafee , Pete McCloskey , Wayne Gilchrest , John B. Anderson , Jim Leach , Paul O'Neill , and Lowell Weicker , as well as first ( grand ) daughters Julie Nixon Eisenhower and Susan Eisenhower , candidate - first - granddaughter C.C. Goldwater , prominent scholar Francis Fukiyama , commentator Andrew Sullivan , Bush aides Ken Adelman and Scott McClellan , McCain aide Charles Fried , William F. Buckley 's son Christopher ( who was fired from National Review over his endorsement ) , and athlete Charles Barkley ( Sir Charles never actually held office , but he did hold court ) .
Are the candidates always honest ?
No .
How honest or dishonest are they ?
Probably the best referee in this game is Factcheck.org , from UPenn 's Annenberg Political Policy Center , a nonpartisan nonprofit consumer advocate for voters .
They do n't give out easily classified scores so I can't summarize briefly , but you can read a comrehensive article from Sept. 25 listing the major whoppers so far .
Other players in this game include CNN's Fact Check and the St. Petersburg ( FL ) Times , an independent non-profit paper , which runs PolitiFact .
They too check on candidates statements and rate them on a scale from " True " to " Liar , Liar , Pants on Fire . "
Here is the scorecard through Oct. 21 .
My column " True Pct " means the percentage of statements that were rated True , Mostly True , or Half True ; " Lie Pct " means the percentage that were False or Pants on Fire :
Candidate True Mostly
True Half
True Barely
True False Pants
on Fire True
Pct Lie
Pct Average
Score Obama 49 28 30 17 25 2 71 % 18 % Mostly True McCain 29 27 26 27 30 7 56 % 25 % Half True
Here 's the list of statements that were rated as Pants On Fire :
Obama said to McCain " 100 percent , John , of your ads ... have been negative . "
That was true for one week , but not for the whole campaign .
Palin said the Troopergate report " showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part . "
Actually , the report showed just the opposite .
McCain said Bill Ayers and Obama ran a radical education foundation together .
They did n't run it and it was n't radical .
They did work together there .
McCain said Obama wanted to teach comprehensive sex education to kindergartners .
He does n't .
McCain said Obama called Sarah Palin a Pig .
He did n't ; he used the same expression that McCain has used in the campaign .
McCain said Obama wants to increase government by 23 % .
The numbers do n't add up .
McCain said Obama opposes energy innovation .
Not true .
McCain said the price of a gas tax holiday would be about the same as a " Bridge to Nowhere . "
It would actually take 45 times the cost of the bridge .
McCain said that Obama suggested bombing Pakistan .
Obama was actually talking about attacking al - Qaeda forces that stray into Pakistan .
Obama implied that Rush Limbaugh 's anti-immigrant views were endorsed by McCain .
They are n't .
Overall , it looks like if Diogenes met either campaign on the street , he would pass on by .
Of course , dishonesty in presidential elections is nothing new .
In the 1800 election , according to Wikipedia , " Federalists spread rumors that the Democratic - Republicans were radicals who would murder their opponents , burn churches , and destroy the country . "
In 2008 , campaign officials and partisans of both sides accuse the other of dishonesty .
But when you discard those partisans and consider only independent analysts , or commenters who frankly criticize their own side , you find that McCain has gone much farther than Obama .
Even Karl Rove , the architect of the modern renaissance in dishonest politics , said " McCain has gone too far in some of his ads . "
AP writer Charles Babbington wrote on Sept. 11 that " Even in a political culture accustomed to truth - stretching , McCain 's skirting of facts has stood out this week . "
Conservative NY
Times columnist and avid McCain fan David Brooks wrote " Do I wish he was running a different campaign ?
Yes .
It 's not ... the dishonest ads he is running .
...
No , what disappoints me about the McCain campaign is it has no central argument . " but concludes " If McCain is elected , he will retain his instinct for the hard challenge .
With that Greatest Generation style of his , he will run the least partisan administration in recent times .
He is not a sophisticated conceptual thinker , but he is a good judge of character .
He is not an organized administrator , but he has become a practiced legislative craftsman .
He is , above all ... a serious man prone to serious things . "
Washington Post columnist Ruth Marcus wrote on Sept. 17 that " John McCain 's campaign has been more dishonest , more unfair , more ... dishonorable than Barack Obama's . "
But then she wrote on Sept. 22 that Obama was " closing the whopper gap . "
How honest are the vice presidential candidates ?
I think it makes less sense to concentrate on this , since really what matters is each campaign 's message , not who delivers it .
Still , the VP hopefuls have had their share of problems .
Conservative blogger / columnist Andrew Sullivan chronicles Palin 's provably untrue statements .
The New Republic keeps a Gaffe - O - Meter for Biden .
What do special interest groups think ?
About what you 'd expect : conservative groups like McCain , liberal groups like Obama .
One surprise : more veterans groups like Obama better .
It seems that when it comes to issues of veteran care , McCain prefers to cut government spending and Obama prefers to support the veterans even if it means increased spending .
Caveat : they 're called special interest groups .
That 's because they have special interests .
Do n't assume that a group represents your interests because it has the word Family in its title and you belong to a family , or because it has the word Retired and you 're retired .
Be sure to check out each group .
But with those caveats , it looks like :
McCain does better with conservative , anti-abortion , and guns groups .
Obama does better with liberal , veterans , pro-abortion - choice , civil rights , education , energy , environment , health , and labor groups .
McCain Obama Year Conservative / Liberal : American Conservative Union 82 8 2007 Americans for Democratic Action ( Liberal group ) 10 75 2007 National Journal - Liberal on Economic Policy 35 87 2007 National Journal - Liberal on Foreign Policy 40 85 2007 National Journal - Liberal on Social Policy 53 77 2007 Veterans : Disabled American Veterans 20 80 2006 Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America D B+ 2006 Abortion : NARAL Pro-Choice America 0 100 2007 National Right to Life Committee 75 0 2007 Taxes : Americans for Tax Reform 80 15 2006 Citizens for Tax Justice 50 100 2005 - 2006 Civil Rights : American Civil Liberties Union 50 80 2007 Human Rights Campaign 33 89 2005 -2006 NAACP 7 100 2005 - 2006 League of Women Voters 17 100 2007 Education : American Association of University Women 0 66 2007 National Education Association F A 2007 Energy : Campaign for America's Future ( Energy Policy ) 17 100 2005 - 2006 Environment : League of Conservation Voters 0 67 2007 League of Conservation Voters 26 96 Lifetime Environment America 0 90 2008 American Wilderness Coalition 16 100 2006 Family : Children 's Defense Fund 10 70 2007 Family Research Council ( Tony Perkins ) 42 0 2007 International : Citizens for Global Solutions F A 2008 The Genocide Intervention Network -- Darfur Scores C A 2007 Center for Security Policy 59 21 2005 - 2006 Government Reform : U.S. Public Interest Research Group 41 86 2006 Citizens Against Government Waste 91 13 2005-2006 Guns : National Rifle Association C+ F Lifetime to 2004 Health : American Academy of Family Physicians 0 100 2007 Labor : AFL - CIO 0 100 2007 United Auto Workers 0 62 2007 Alliance for Retired Americans 0 100 2007
Are candidates ignoring their job as senator while they are campaigning ?
What happens in case of an electoral vote tie ?
It could happen .
( There was a tie in 1800 . )
Nate Silver 's simulations at 538 give about a 1 % chance of a tie this time .
At the right is just one scenario that results in a 269 - 269 tie ( click on it to create your own ) .
The 12th amendment dictates that the incoming congress then gets to choose , but the exact rules are complex .
The Senate chooses the vice - president ; one senator one vote .
Currently the prediction is for some 54 to 57 Democratic senators , so this scenario welcomes Joe Biden as VP .
Meanwhile , the House of Representatives chooses the president .
But here it is one state one vote .
The 53 Californian representatives get together to make their choice , and the 1 North Dakotan representative has an equal vote .
Currently the Democrats control 26 states to 21 for the Republicans , with 3 ties .
It is more likely that the Democrats will hold or add to that lead in the election , and the House would then select Obama as president .
But it is possible that the Republicans ( although they have no credible chance of taking a lead in the total number of representatives ) could take the lead in the number of states , and Biden could find himself working with president McCain .
Or maybe neither party would be able to muster a majority of votes in the House .
If the Senate chooses Biden and the House is split , Biden becomes president .
If neither chamber is able to make a choice , then speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi becomes president .
Who else is running ?
I have been criticized for not paying more attention to third party candidates .
In leaving them out , I am not making any comment on their suitability to be president .
Rather , I am acknowledging the fact that their probability of becoming president is near - zero .
A vote for president does two things : first , it has a chance of actually making the difference that gives one candidate a win .
Second , it records a tally , regardless of the winner .
A vote for a third party candidate has no effect on the first issue ( which is what this FAQ is about ) but does have an effect on the second .
In fact , I have exercised this option in the past , voting for a third party as a protest , because I wanted to record the fact that I was not satisfied with the two - party choices ( also , the winner of my state 's electoral votes was never in doubt ) .
If you want to know your options for recording a protest vote , you 'll need a different FAQ .
Is the media biased ?
The media could be biased in two ways : by giving more coverage to one candidate , or by giving more positive coverage to one candidate .
We 'll consider both .
Amount of media coverage : According to Scharl and Weichselbraun 's Election 2008 Web Monitor , Obama has consistently gotten more press coverage than McCain , although the gap has narrowed the last three weeks to about 2 % ( see chart below ) .
When we count total coverage ( Obama + Biden vs. McCain + Palin ) , the Republicans have the edge by about 15 % , ever since the selection of Palin .
You could argue that the media was biased towards Obama , and then switched to be biased towards Palin .
But it seems more likely that the media is biased towards writing more about someone new .
( Guess that 's why they call it the news . )
Amount of press attention
We can double - check the figures with another source : Google Trends .
The data ( see chart below ) says that Obama gets more coverage than McCain throughout 2008 , both in news articles ( bottom ) and in number of searches ( top ) , but Palin beat everyone for number of searches in August and September .
The news volume from Google Trends closely matches the volume from the Scharl and Weishselbraun graph .
It is also true that the news and search volumes are very closely correlated .
Of course , anytime you have two variables , there are three ways they can be connected .
It could be that searchers react to the news , so when the press writes more stories about a topic , people search for it .
The problem with that theory is that the spikes of interest in Palin and Obama at the time of the conventions occur earlier for searches than for news .
The second possibility is that reporters react to user 's interests ; under that theory , reporters are matching demand well ; they 're not biased , they 're just turning out the product that consumers want .
The third interpretation is that events in the world cause both searches and news articles to occur .
For events like A ( Obama clinches nomination ) and E ( Obama , McCain debate ) , that effect seems clear .
Sentiment of media coverage : Now for the hard part .
It was easy to measure the volume of coverage for each candidate , but it is much harder to measure the sentiment -- whether reporters are writing good things or bad .
Scharl and Weichselbraun try to estimate this by counting positive and negative words that appear near a candidate 's name .
They find that more positive words have been associated with Obama than with McCain , although the most positive reporting of all was for Palin in July and August , and the most positive as of the end of September was for Biden ( see chart below ) .
Is this biased ?
The Philadelphia Phillies got more positive press coverage this fall than the New York Mets , but that is n't because of media bias -- it 's because the Phillies won the World Series while the Mets had another late - season collapse .
Baseball gives us a good way to measure objective results ( games won and lost ) but politics does not , so it is hard to tell whether positive / negative coverage is deserved or not .
Positive sentiment in articles
We can double - check the sentiment figures by looking at another study .
Robert Lichter found that during the primary elections , Obama was favored by the press with 62 % positive statements , compared to 34 % for McCain .
But from the end of the primaries up through July , the press favored McCain , who received 43 % positive coverage , compared to just 28 % for Obama .
From August 23 to September 25th , Lichter found that Palin had the most coverage ( 77 stories for Palin compared to 71 for McCain and 39 for Obama ) and the most positive coverage ( 67 % positive for Palin , 56 % for Obama , 40 % for McCain ) .
Lichter 's results are interesting , particularly the ones that refute the conventional wisdom that the media prefers Obama .
Unfortunately , his study looked at a rather small number of stories , and it can only tell you how positive / negative coverage is ; it can't tell you how positive / negative it should be .
A clever study by Tim Groeling figures a way around this .
He zeroed in on one class of objective event : the coverage of approval polls for presidents Clinton and Bush , from 1997 to 2008 .
Sometimes these polls go up , sometimes they go down .
Sometimes a news outlet does a story on a poll , sometimes it does n't .
If a news outlet did a story most of the time when Clinton 's polls were going up and when Bush 's polls were going down , but not vice - versa , then we could say the outlet had a Democratic predilection ( Groeling prefers the word " predilection " to " bias " ) .
Groeling found that CBS , NBC and ABC had a Democratic predilection and that FOX News had a Republican predilection .
A study by the Project for Excellence in Journalism found that : MSNBC was the most negative towards McCain ; Fox was equally negative towards McCain and Obama ; CNN was the only network to have more negative than positive for both candidates ; and that Obama did better ( and McCain worse ) in newspapers than on TV .
Another clever approach to objectively studying bias was described by economists Matthew Gentzkow and Jesse Shapiro .
They counted the most partisan phrases in the 2005 Congressional Record --- the phrases used most by one party and not the other .
For example , they found " death tax " was a Republican term , used by them 365 times , and only 35 times by Democrats .
The alternative , " estate tax " was used by Democrats 195 times , but only 46 times by Republicans .
They then studied how often terms like these were used by newspapers .
Sure enough , the liberal Washington Post used " estate tax " five times more often than the conservative Washington Times .
That was a good way to decide the leanings of newspapers ; their next step was to hypothesize why papers lean one way or another .
Was it the liberal bias of reporters ?
Was it the conservative bias of big - corporate owners ?
It turns out that there was a simple economic explanation ( the authors were economists after all ) .
Shapiro explained
" The data suggest that newspapers are targeting their political slant to their customer 's demand and choosing the amount of slant that will maximize their sales . "
That is , newspapers with liberal customers publish a liberal - leaning paper , while papers with conservative customers lean conservative .
( Economist and current Obama advisor Austan Goolsbee has a 2006 article on this finding . )
Let me explain what the question means .
For your vote to have an effect on the outcome of the election , you would have to live in a decisive state , meaning a state that would give one candidate or the other the required 270th electoral vote .
More importantly , your vote would have to break an exact tie in your state .
With 100 million voters nationwide , what are the chances of that ?
If the chance is so small , why bother voting at all ?
Historically , most voters either did n't worry about this problem , or figured they would vote despite the fact that they were n't likely to change the outcome , or vote because they want to register the degree of support for their candidate ( even a vote tht is not decisive is a vote that helps establish whether or not the winner has a " mandate " ) .
But then the 2000 Florida election changed all that , with its slim 537 vote ( 0.009 % ) margin .
What is the probability that there will be a decisive state with a very close vote total ?
Nate Silver says there is ( as of Oct. 3 ) a 4 % chance that a recount will be required ; that is , that a decisive state will have a margin within 0.5 % .
There are about 8 swing states , so the odds that any one ( let 's say Florida ) would require a recount is about 1/8 of 4 % or 0.5 % .
There are 6 million voters in Florida , so a recount occurs there when the vote totals are within 30,000 of each other .
So there 's about a 1/30,000 chance that the recount will end up so even that your vote would decide it .
All together that 's a one in 6 million chance that your vote ( assuming you live in one of the 8 swing states ) would decide the election .
Andrew Gelman of Columbia University computes similar odds : one in 10 million if you live in NM , NH , VA , or CO , one in 20 million if you live in NV , and so on .
If you live in a solid state like Oklahoma or California , your vote will not be decisive .
That 's a small chance , but what is the value of getting to break the tie ?
We can estimate the total monetary value by noting that the current office holder presided over a $ 3 trillion war and at least a $ 1 trillion economic melt - down .
Senator Sheldon
Whitehouse ( D - RI ) estimated the cost of the Bush presidency at $ 7.7 trillion .
Let 's compromise and call it $ 6 trillion , and assume that the other candidate would have been revenue neutral , so the net difference of the presidential choice is $ 6 trillion .
The value of not voting is that you save , say , an hour of your time .
If you 're an average American wage - earner , that 's about $ 20 .
In contrast , the value of voting is the probability that your vote will decide the election ( 1 in 6 million ) times the cost difference ( $ 6 trillion ) .
That means the expected value of your vote is $ 1,000,000 .
What else have you ever done in your life with an expected value of a million dollars per hour ?
Not even Warren Buffett makes that much .
So make sure you vote , and make sure you choose the candidate with a better economic plan ( also check climate plans , which could also lead to trillion - dollar differences ) so that your expected monetary value for your vote is +$ 1 million rather than - $ 1 million .
By the way , here 's proof that voting is patriotic :
If you think of the value of your vote to the country , $ 1 million , then obviously voting is the right thing to do .
But if you think of the value to yourself , by dividing the $ 1 million by 300 million Americans , then the benefit of voting is less than a penny , and the rational choice would be not to vote ( since it costs you an hour of your time ) .
So anyone who votes is patriotic , and anyone who does n't is selfish ( or irrational ) .
I hope you 're a rational patriot .
You can see a similar argument in a 23 page pdf article by Andrew Gelman .
By the way , a similar analysis indicates that election financing -- all the contributions to pay for all the ads , etc. -- is also a bargain .
The total cost so far has been about 2 billion dollars .
For that , we may get a return of several trillion dollars ; a 100,000 % return on investment , maybe more !
The total spent on the presidential campaign plus all the 435 house and 35 senate campaigns will be a little over $ 5 billion ; about a billion dollars less than America spends on potato chips each year .
Why are there so many negative attacks on both sides ?
In a rational world , we would focus on what the candidates can and will do to deal with the major problems we face : the economy , national security , energy and climate , health care .
But instead we 're bombarded with questions about a candidate 's taste in jewelry , footware , and accessories .
One campaign makes a negative claim about the other , the press picks it up , the other campaign responds , and soon we 've descended into mud-slinging .
Studies show that negative ads can be effective ( like the Daisy ad at right run by LBJ against Goldwater in 1964 ; you can also see two dozen classic TV ads going back to 1952 ) .
That was hardly the first instance ( although it was one of the first on TV ) .
In 1800 , the Connecticut Courant wrote that if Thomas Jefferson won " murder , robbery , rape , adultery and incest will be openly taught and practiced , the air will be rent with the cries of the distressed , the soil will be soaked with blood , and the nation black with crimes . "
Well he did win , he did fine , and we remember him on a nickel , a memorial , and Mount Rushmore , not for murder and robbery .
What about today ?
When a test group viewed this attack ad highlighting McCain 's role in the Keating scandal , McCain 's favorability went down 6 % , and Obama 's went up 1 % : the ad worked .
However , sometimes the attacker also loses .
Obama 's favorability went down 3 % after viewers saw this attack on Obama by Palin , but McCain 's favorability also went down 3 % .
Overall , voters thought that pressing the Ayers issue hurt McCain more than it helped by a 2 - 1 margin .
Some negative ads backfire completely ; this attack on McCain 's health issues by an independent PAC group caused McCain 's favorability to go up by 1 % and Obama 's to fall by 3 % .
As William Milliken ( former Republican governor of MI ) said , " I 'm disappointed in the tenor and the personal attacks on the part of the McCain campaign , when he ought to be talking about the issues . "
Polls of the public support this : the New York Times reported that McCain 's attacks have hurt him in the polls .
in a Newsweek poll , 70 % said the McCain ads were " too negative or nasty " and 58 % found them " misleading or distorted . " 41 % felt the Obama ads were too negative and 36 % thought they were misleading .
This is worse on both sides than the 2000 and 2004 campaigns , when all campaigns were in the low 20 % range .
With the public 's negative reaction to negative ads , it is perhaps not surprising that , according to an Oct. 12th story , McCain and Palin are switching to a strategy of attacking Obama on the issues , not on his character or connections .
Senator Norm Coleman ( R - MN ) , who is running against comedian Al Franken and independent Dean Barkley , On Oct. 9th disavowed all negative ads , saying " I decided that I was not all that interested in returning to Washington for six years based on the judgment of voters that I was not as bad as the other two guys . "
This is an encouraging development .
By the way , you can see a list of ads with their impact scores at MediaCurves .
How negative are the campaigns ?
Here 's a comparison ( from the Wisconsin Advertising Project ) :
Campaign Time Period Republican
% Negative Democrat
% Negative McCain / Obama Sep 28 - Oct 4 99 % 34 % McCain / Obama All 2008 73 61 Bush / Kerry All 2004 64 34
McCain said in 2000 ( when he was the target of racist , crude , false attacks from the Bush campaign ) " Sooner or later , people are going to figure out if all you run is negative attack ads you do n't have much of a vision for the future or you 're not ready to articulate it . "
I think McCain is right .
It seems the negative ads against Obama have n't moved many ; in the Nov. 2 final Gallup poll , Obama had a 62 % favorable rating , the highest ever recorded by a presidential candidate in Gallup 's final poll ( going back to 1992 ) .
What is all the fuss about ?
Here 's a partial scorecard :
Conclusion : Obama does not believe in blowing up buildings ; he wanted to support an educational foundation .
McCain does not believe in shooting doctors ; he wanted to support Sen.
Packwood .
Neither McCain nor Biden believes in bombing hotels ; they wanted to promote Middle East peace .
It is silly to insinuate that the candidates hold these extremist views .
Politicians meet characters of all types , but do not share the views of everyone they meet .
I just learned that Senator McCain agrees with my conclusion : " I think that when people support you , it does n't mean that you support everything [ they ] say .
Obviously , those words and those statements are statements that none of us would associate ourselves with .
And I do n't believe that Sen.
Obama would support any of those .
... I do know Sen. Obama .
He does not share those views . "
Does race matter ?
The Bradley Effect ?
In some ways , Obama is the whitest candidate the Democrats have had in 40 years .
Obama is polling at 44 % among white voters , and no Democrat has done that well since LBJ signed the civil rights act in 1964 , put down his pen , and said " We have lost the South for a generation . "
Obama leads among Hispanics 2 - 1 and Blacks 10 - 1 .
But are the poll respondents telling the truth ?
The Bradley Effect is the phenomenon that some African - American candidates did better in po
Sen .
Feingold to hold hearing on ' Restoring the Rule of Law ' RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday September 10 , 2008
Print This Email This Senator Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) , Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Constitution Subcommittee , has announced a hearing on how to best prepare the next president to foster an environment of accountability and responsible use of power seen lacking in the years President Bush and Vice President Cheney have been in office .
Next week the Subcommittee will hear testimony from legal and historical experts on what actions the next president and Congress need to take in order to " repair the damage done by the Bush Administration to the rule of law . "
The purpose of the hearing is to give the next president the " full range " of proper guidance in restoring and maintaining checks and balances in areas such as wiretapping , interrogations , government secrecy , violations of privacy , detention policy , proper use of executive power and efforts to not mislead Congress .
In addition to witnesses at the hearing , Sen .
Feingold has called on various experts , law professors , historians and advocates to provide their input as to what actions the next president and Congress need to take .
The hearing will be held on Tuesday , September 16 , in room 216 at the Hart Senate Office Building .
Witnesses scheduled to testify are : Walter Dellinger
Douglas B. Maggs Professor Emeritus of Law , Duke University School of Law
Solicitor General of the United States 1996 - 1997
Douglas B. Maggs Professor Emeritus of Law , Duke University School of Law Solicitor General of the United States 1996 - 1997
Mickey Edwards
Board of Directors , The Constitution Project
Lecturer , Woodrow Wilson School of Public Policy , Princeton University
Former Member of Congress ( R- OK ) , 1977 - 1993
Board of Directors , The Constitution Project Lecturer , Woodrow Wilson School of Public Policy , Princeton University Former Member of Congress ( R- OK ) , 1977 - 1993
Harold Koh
Dean and Gerard C. & Bernice Latrobe Smith Professor of International Law
Yale Law School
Dean and Gerard C. & Bernice Latrobe Smith Professor of International Law Yale Law School
Elisa Massimino
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director , Human Rights First
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director , Human Rights First
John D. Podesta
President and CEO , Center for American Progress Action Fund
Chief of Staff to President William J. Clinton , 1998 - 2001
President and CEO , Center for American Progress Action Fund Chief of Staff to President William J. Clinton , 1998 - 2001
Frederick A.O Schwarz Jr .
Senior Counsel , Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law
Senior Counsel , Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law
Suzanne E. Spaulding
Principal , Bingham Consulting Group
Principal , Bingham Consulting Group
Charles J. Cooper
Partner , Cooper & Kirk , PLLC
Partner , Cooper & Kirk , PLLC
Patrick F. Philbin
Partner , Kirkland & Ellis LLP
Partner , Kirkland & Ellis LLP
Kyndra Rotunda
Visiting Assistant Professor of Law , Chapman University School of Law
Visiting Assistant Professor of Law , Chapman University School of Law
Robert Turner
Professor , General Faculty ,
Associate Director , Center for National Security Law
University of Virginia School of Law
Kernel Hacker 's Bookshelf : The Practice of Programming
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN .
net made this article  and everything that surrounds it  possible .
If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
In The Mythical Man-Month , Fred Brooks observes that the productivity of experienced programmers frequently varies by a factor of 10 or more .
What makes the 10 x programmers so much better ?
Undoubtedly some of the difference is due to native facility with language or logic .
But even with these advantages , no one is born writing beautiful , elegant , maintainable code ; everyone goes through a learning process .
How do we learn to be good programmers ?
In many ways , the art of computer programming is still stuck in the era of the master - apprentice system .
Some of us are lucky enough to learn to program in something like " the UNIX room " at Bell Labs , where you could shoulder - surf the likes of Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie .
Occasionally someone practices pair - programming instead of just arguing passionately about it , and once in a very long while , a 10 x programmer will actually teach another person how to program .
Unfortunately , formal university education rarely teaches students about the practical aspects of programming , as any holder of a computer science degree will readily attest , and few programmers have the time , interest , or ability to write accessible books about programming .
As a result , most programmers are doomed to a decade of re-inventing wheels by trial and error .
Brian Kernighan and Rob Pike are two 10 x programmers who do have the time , interest , and ability to write a book about software engineering best practices .
The Practice of Programming aims to fill the gaps in the training of most computer programmers .
From the book :
Topics like testing , debugging , portability , performance , design alternatives , and style - the practice of programming - are not usually the focus of computer science or programming courses .
Most programmers learn them haphazardly as their experience grows , and a few never learn them at all .
This book probably wo n't make you ten times more productive , but it can easily make you twice as productive ( and half as frustrated ) .
If I could send one book to a programmer trapped on a desert island , this would be the book - and I 'd send the same book to the new programmer who just joined my development team .
Overview
The Practice of Programming differs from most programming books in several enjoyable ways .
Rather than promoting a particular new programming philosophy , Kernighan and Pike focus on three principles : simplicity , clarity , and generality .
As you might guess from the title , the book is short on theory and long on practice .
About one third of the ~250 page book is taken up by actual real - world example code , starting with the original dodgy code and showing the step - by - step evolution to better code .
Most examples are in C , but the principles illustrated readily translate to other languages .
The writing style of this book is refreshingly practical and down - to - earth , without losing generality .
The authors avoid stark black - and - white pronouncements , preferring to discuss why different techniques are useful under different conditions .
Clarity is another hallmark of their style ; they use as few words as possible to clearly state each point , and dismiss trivialities and side issues quickly and cleanly .
A typical example of this approach is their advice on brace and indentation style : " The specific style is less important than its consistent application .
Pick one style , preferably ours , use it consistently , and do n't waste time arguing . "
The book is organized into nine chapters , each covering a topic such as testing or debugging that usually requires an entire book on its own .
The table of contents includes headings like " Test as You Write the Code , " " Consistency and Idioms , " " Strategies for Speed , " " Other People 's Bugs , " and " Programs that Write Programs . "
I can't cover the whole book in this review , but I 'll go into detail on two of my favorite chapters , " Performance " and " Notation . "
Performance
The introduction of this chapter gives some very direct advice : " The first principle of optimization is do n't . "
Computers are fast - go run lmbench on your desktop to update your sense of just how fast .
For example , some system calls are now in the sub- microsecond range under Linux on modern hardware .
Armchair optimization - the practice of making small theoretical optimizations as you code , at the expense of readability , portability , or correctness - is especially foolish in light of Donald Knuth 's observation that 4 % of the code typically accounts for more than half of the run-time of the program .
Kernighan and Pike 's first piece of advice is to write simple , clear , concise code , and optimize only when you have some tangible reason to do so .
The chapter begins with a real - world optimization problem : a spam - filter that worked well enough in testing but bogged down in production .
The tangible reason for optimizing this program is that the mail queues were filling up with undelivered mail - a clear justification for optimization if there ever was one .
The authors show the process they went through to optimize the spam - filter , step - by - step : profiling , analysis , a first attempt at optimization , re-factoring the problem , addition of pre-computation , and measurement of the results .
This overview is welcome not only as a good programming war story but also because the overall flow of code optimization is non-obvious ( otherwise , " How would you go about optimizing a program ? " would not be such a common interview question ) .
The rest of the chapter talks about best practices for each step of optimization .
The first topic is timing and profiling , as it should be .
All too often , even good programmers measure performance by " feel " - if you do n't believe me , search LKML .
Sometimes no easy tool exists to measure what is being optimized , but it 's still better to write some kind of measurement tool , no matter how clunky or approximate .
Human perception and judgment are heavily influenced by preconceptions and the vast majority of theoretical optimizations have negligible effects on performance .
A more subtle piece of advice is to turn performance results into pictures or graphs .
Chris Mason 's seekwatcher is an excellent example ; it turns block traces into graphs - and even movies !
The authors cram a surprisingly complete demonstration of profiling into less than two pages , using prof on their spam - filter as the example .
They show how to identify hot spots and do basic sanity checking on the results - e.g. , match up the number of times a function call shows up in the profile with the number of iterations of the main loop .
While they include some caveats on trusting profiling results , I wish they had spent some time on the design of profiling tools to show the kinds of biases and errors that so often make profiling results misleading .
Perhaps it 's because I work on systems software , but I 've found that I really have to know the details of whether the profiler is using a periodic timer , hardware counters , includes time spent sleeping for IO in the kernel , how many events are dropped or missed , etc .
A useful technique to demonstrate , and one in keeping with their minimalist , do - it - yourself philosophy , would be manually bisecting the code with timers to find hot spots when normal profiling tools fail .
The discussion on rewriting code goes beyond " find the top function and optimize it " - it also addresses eliminating calls to hot functions entirely and doing modest amounts of pre-computation .
A fair portion of the section on code tuning has been superseded by improved compilers which can do , e.g. , loop - unrolling automatically , but it still teaches valuable lessons about how to read code and understand its true cost and complexity .
Notation
The chapter on notation unfolds elegant , beautiful solutions one by one , turning normally painful problems into fun coding exercises .
Each technique - little languages , special - purpose notation , programs that write programs , virtual machines - is accompanied by a concrete demonstration of how to implement the bare minimum of the technique to get the job done .
The suggestion to " write a new language " seems absurd in the face of most day - to - day programming problems , but writing a very small , very specialized language can save the programmer much time and many bugs , even when replacing only a few hundred lines of conventional code .
Their first example , after printf ( ) format specifiers , is a notation for packing and unpacking network packets .
I recently implemented this technique and can report that it worked beautifully , repaying the time I invested in it within days of completion .
Another exercise in minimalism is their demonstration of how to write a basic grep in around 100 lines of C , without relying on external libraries .
Most of us will never need to re-implement regular expressions from scratch , but we may encounter a problem best solved by writing a small general purpose pattern matcher .
Another example demonstrates the power ( and danger ) of keeping a variety of scripting languages and data processing tools at your fingertips .
The authors implement a crude text - only web browser with about 50 lines of Awk , Tcl , and Perl , again using only built - in language support and no external libraries or modules .
Here as elsewhere , Kernighan and Pike refuse to make hard and fast assertions about the One True Scripting Language ; they 'd rather you used the right language for the right job .
From the book :
These languages together are more powerful than any one of them in isolation .
It 's worth breaking the job into pieces if it enables you to profit from the right notation .
It can be argued that this approach is less justified now , given the modern plethora of scripting languages written specifically to address the limitations of earlier scripting languages .
However , their argument still rings true for me , as someone who has never settled down into one scripting language .
I have a decade of experience using a hodge - podge of random scripting languages , and when I do write in one scripting language , I end up spending a lot of time contorting language features to fit situations they were not designed for .
The section on virtual machines shows how to implement a minimal special purpose virtual machine ( the Z- machine for Zork comes to mind immediately ) .
The remaining sections cover programs that write programs , using macros to generate code ( a common technique in Linux header files ) , and just a little taste of run -time code generation .
Summary
The Practice of Programming embodies its own principles : simplicity , clarity , generality .
First published in 1999 , it has aged well due to its focus on general principles of good programming rather than language - specific tricks and tips .
The book has something to offer to programmers at all levels of experience ; beginners will benefit most but experienced developers will appreciate the more advanced and subtle techniques in the later chapters .
Of all the books on the Kernel Hacker 's Bookshelf , this one should never be missing .
Around the world billions of dollars are being invested in solar energy technologies .
G. Chandrashekhar
Mumbai , July 16 Energy crunch has begun to stare India Inc in the face .
Admittedly , energy is a critical input that fuels growth .
If not addressed urgently , energy insecurity can potentially create a serious downside risk to the economy in the coming years .
This recognition is sinking in .
According to a Business Line report ( dated July 14 ) , many corporates have planned investments aggregating Rs 50,000 crore in the solar photovoltaic industry .
This is not surprising as the trend around the world suggests increasing interest in this renewable form of energy that is eco-friendly too .
The PV industry , especially in Europe ( led by Germany ) , is making great strides in efficiency and cost , bringing solar power closer to price parity with fossil fuels , according to experts .
In 2007 , global production of solar photovoltaic ( PV ) cells increased by a 51 per cent to 3,733 MW .
According to estimates , more than 2,935 MW of solar modules were installed last year , bringing cumulative global installations of PVs since 1996 to more than 9,740 MW  enough to meet the annual electricity demand of more than three million homes in Europe .
This was revealed in a recent report from the Washington - based Worldwatch Institute and Prometheus Institute of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
While Europe surpassed Japan to lead the world in solar cell manufacturing , Germany is the world leader in solar PV installations , accounting for almost half the world total in 2007 and employing about 40,000 people .
Government policies guarantee high payments for solar power fed into electricity grid .
After Germany , Spain ranked second in total installations in 2007 , driven by strong guaranteed price for PV electricity .
According to the report , China raced past the US for PV cell manufacturing in 2006 to be third globally , and now ranks second only to Japan in national production .
In the last two years , China s PV production increased more than six - fold to 820 MW in 2007 .
However , much of PV cells made in China are exported to Europe .
Around the world billions of dollars are being invested in solar energy technologies .
Solar PV prices declined slightly in 2007 , with even greater reductions held back by the hot pace of demand and a continued shortage of polysilicon , an essential ingredient for conventional solar cells .
Analysts expect more price drops  perhaps as much as 50 per cent in the next two years  as polysilicon becomes easily available , production and installation are further scaled up , manufacturing efficiencies increase and more advanced technologies are introduced .
 Solar electricity could soon be a competitive alternative to conventional retail power in many regions ,  the report asserted adding climate change has added a new urgency to accelerated development of renewable energy .
The Indian government through the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy has drawn up ambitious plans to tap the potential for generating solar power .
For solar energy programmes , fund releases have accelerated .
In 2007 - 08 , it amounted to Rs 77 crore , up from Rs 74 crore in the previous year and Rs 58 crore in 2005 - 06 .
Maharashtra , Rajasthan , Meghalaya and Uttarakhand are major beneficiaries .
Renewable energy is expected to play an important role in future .
Corporate India has a job cut out .
It is business and corporate social responsibility as well .
Related Stories :
By Douglas J. Hagmann , Director
9 February 2009 : According to the most recent reliable statistics , there are over two billion web sites and approximately 28 billion images spread across the Internet .
Thousands more sites and are created and tens of thousands more images are posted every day .
Of the two billion web sites , several thousand involve some form of terrorist activity pertaining to terrorism , either directly or indirectly .
According to federal sources recently interviewed by the Northeast Intelligence Network , about five thousand sites , mostly Arabic language Islamic terrorist sites , are under constant surveillance of some form .
Additional Internet locations , not typical web sites but file sharing sites , host various other files , from images to audio and video files .
Since the establishment of the Northeast Intelligence Network in early 2002 , we have identified , located and monitored a majority of those Arabic language sites that promote , facilitate or act as communication portals to advance Islamic terrorism .
Most of those sites now require a password to access and in many cases , the permission of the site owner ( or forum administrator ) to join in an effort to prevent infiltration by counter - terrorist investigators .
The natural barriers created by language and those created by operational security measures are usually sufficient to keep amateur prying eyes out of their virtual classrooms and playgrounds .
The initial frenzy of Internet research into such terrorist sites following the 9/11 attacks also resulted in diluting the integrity and importance of the information culled from these sites .
In the past , counter - terrorism authorities have downplayed the role of Internet web sites , chat rooms and forums in terms of the intelligence value they provide .
After all , it is reasoned , no bona - fide terrorist would publish their operational plans on a web site or write about their plans in the plain view of a chat room .
How then , could terrorists use the internet for their vital communication and operational planning ?
A Washington Post article dated September 19 , 2001 raised the question of how Osama bin Laden and the 9/11 terrorists might have used the internet to advance the planning of the 9/11 attacks .
That article touched on both cryptography and steganography , the latter which involves hiding a file within another file , such as hiding a secret message within a picture , audio or video file that cannot be readily seen without further analysis .
According to that 2001 article , federal authorities indeed  had found evidence that bin Laden s group embedded secret missives in mundane e-mails and on Web sites ,  thus verifying the use of steganography .
The Northeast Intelligence Network has previously addressed the issue of steganography as it applies to terrorist communications .
In the al Qaeda publication known as  Camp al Battar ,  a series of military - style publications previously posted on various Arabic language Internet forums , investigators from the Northeast Intelligence Network cited several references to the use of steganography as a method of communication .
In issue 11 released in June 2004 , for example , the terrorist author talks about using steganography as an alternative to cellular or satellite telephones to deliver important messages , as the electronic devices are likely being monitored by authorities .
Continue reading al Qaeda & the Internet
Researchers Developing the " Internet for Energy "
September 10th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
North Carolina State University has just been awarded a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) grant to create the National Research Center for Future Renewable Energy Delivery Management Systems  in other words , the Internet for energy .
The center will develop technology to transform the United States  outdated centralized power grid to a  smart  grid that can store and distribute alternative energy from solar panels , wind farms , and more .
The center s plan even allows for community involvement  individual citizens can harvest their own energy and sell it back to power companies .
Over 60 companies have partnered with the university to create the smart grid , and the NSF grant wil bolster the project with $ 18.5 million .
While research will begin immediately , center headquarters on NC State s campus wo nt open until 2010 .
The implications for the proposed smart grid are endless  it could easily speed up development of devices of all sorts that store energy and send it back to the grid .
Additionally , it could make the use of plug - in hybrid cars viable on a mass scale .
Plug - in s are nt feasible for mass usage right now  today s outdated grid would simply get overwhelmed at peak charging times .
So if NC State s grid works out , look for the energy industry to be completely revolutionized  maybe not next year , but possibly in the next decade .
Posts Related to Alternative Energy Sources :
Appreciate CleanTechnica s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador  or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( CNN ) -- Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin's boast to have opposed the infamous " bridge to nowhere " is a staple of the Alaska governor 's stump speech , but her record is more complicated than the one - liner .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin canceled work on the Gravina Island bridge in 2007 after initially supporting the project .
She repeated the line Tuesday in Lebanon , Ohio , telling supporters , " I told Congress , ' Thanks , but no thanks ' for that bridge to nowhere up in Alaska .
If our state wanted a bridge , we were going to build it ourselves . "
But Palin originally supported construction of the bridge , which would have linked the city of Ketchikan with its airport on sparsely populated Gravina Island .
" I 'm not going to stand in the way of progress that our congressional delegation -- in the position of strength that they have right now -- they 're making those efforts for the state of Alaska to build up our infrastructure , " Palin said during a debate shortly before her 2006 election as governor .
" I would not get in the way of progress of this project or other projects they 're working so hard on . "
Her office canceled work on the span in 2007 after it became a symbol of congressional " pork - barrel " excess , but kept money that Congress had appropriated for the project , using the funds instead for state transportation projects .
Palin has n't faced reporters since Sen.
John McCain tapped her as his running mate .
A former aide said Palin turned against the $ 223 million Gravina Island bridge when the original price nearly doubled .
Watch an ex-aide defend Palin 's position on the bridge 
" It was a different bridge when she was a candidate than the bridge when she became governor , " Meg Stapleton said .
Stapleton said Palin " knows that we can do it for far less , and she knows the state can handle it . "
In a statement announcing the cancellation of the Gravina Island project , Palin complained that public opposition to the bridge " is based on inaccurate portrayals of the projects here . "
" But we need to focus on what we can do , rather than fight over what has happened , " she said in the statement .
Campaign aides also have had to explain the fine print on another applause line from Palin 's stump speech -- that she put the luxury jet her predecessor purchased for state travel up for sale on eBay .
Although the jet was for sale on the online auction site , it failed to draw sufficient bids and was later sold at a loss through an ordinary aircraft brokerage .
Democrats also are trying to exploit a gap between McCain 's famous opposition to congressional earmarks and Palin 's efforts to obtain those appropriations for Alaska during her time as governor and as mayor of the Alaskan town of Wasilla .
Palin has sought about $ 450 million in earmarks from the state 's congressional delegation since becoming governor , and about $ 27 million for Wasilla during her second term as mayor from 1998 to 2002 , according to state records and documents from the Washington - based watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense .
" All the things that John McCain says [ are ] bad , she lobbied to get , " Sen .
Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate , said Monday .
" When it came to the bridge to nowhere , she was for it until everybody started raising a fuss about it . "
Obama added , " You ca n't just make stuff up .
You can't just recreate yourself , you can't just reinvent yourself .
The American people are n't stupid . "
The bridge was backed by the senior members of Alaska 's congressional delegation -- Rep. Don Young , the former chairman of the House Transportation Committee , and Sen . Ted Stevens .
Tom Schatz of Citizens Against Government Waste said Palin gets credit for taking on her fellow Republicans over the issue .
" Anyone who takes on Ted Stevens and Don Young when it comes to transportation is taking on two very powerful interests in Washington , " Schatz said .
Young is fighting to hold the seat he has occupied for more than three decades against Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell , a Republican challenger Palin supported against the veteran congressman .
Stevens , who also is trying to be re-elected this year , has pleaded not guilty to federal charges of lying on his Senate ethics disclosure forms and is pushing for a trial before November 's election .
While Democrats have questioned her campaign claims , some Alaskans see Palin as a modern - day Robin Hood who has returned money to taxpayers .
The rising price of oil has bolstered the state 's balance sheets , allowing Alaska to sock away $ 5 billion in savings -- in large part because of an increase in the tax on oil companies that Palin supported .
The state 's Permanent Fund is now worth more than $ 35 billion , and Palin approved payments of $ 3,269 to every Alaska resident this year -- a $ 1,200 increase in the annual dividend each resident receives .
" She has helped to balance our budget .
She has done a very good job , " Alaskan Kim Brink said .
" She gave , she fought to get us a little bit of extra money in these hard economic times . "
Watch a look at Palin 's fiscal priorities 
But state spending has increased under her tenure .
And while she has used her line - item veto to cut funds for some government programs , her critics in Alaska complain she has the wrong priorities .
" For a drop in the bucket , every single kid in the state could have health insurance , " said state Rep. Les Gara , a Democrat from Anchorage .
" For a drop in the bucket , we do n't have to be one of the worst states in terms of high school graduation rates . "
CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Brian Todd and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin  Alaska  John McCain
CIS 500 : Schedule
Note : this page formerly held solutions to the exercises .
If you would like a copy of the solutions , please email Benjamin .
Note : this schedule is very tentative !
Single men with dogs know a walk in the park with a pet can attract a woman 's attention .
Saudi Arabia 's Islamic religious police want to make sure the technique does n't catch on in their country .
The solution : Ban selling dogs and cats as pets , as well as walking them in public .
The prohibition went into effect Wednesday in the capital , Riyadh , and authorities in the city say they will strictly enforce it  unlike earlier bans in the cities of Mecca and Jiddah , which have been ignored and failed to stop pet sales .
Violators found outside with their pets will have their beloved poodles and other furry companions confiscated by agents of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice , the official name of the religious police , given the task of enforcing Saudi Arabia 's strict Islamic code .
The commission 's general manager , Othman al - Othman , said the ban was ordered because of what he called " the rising of phenomenon of men using cats and dogs to make passes at women and pester families " as well as " violating proper behaviour in public squares and malls . "
" If a man is caught with a pet , the pet will be immediately confiscated and the man will be forced to sign a document pledging not to repeat the act , " al - Othman told the Al - Hayat newspaper .
" If he does , he will be referred to authorities . "
The ban does not address women .
The Saudi - owned Al - Hayat newspaper announced the ban in its Wednesday edition , saying it was ordered by the acting governor of Riyadh province , Prince Sattam , based on an edict from the Council of Senior Islamic Scholars and several religious police reports of pet owners harassing women and families .
Commission authorities often do not formally announce to the public new rules that they intend to implement .
Officials from the commission and Riyadh city government could not be reached for comment Thursday , which is a weekend day in Saudi Arabia .
The English - language Arab News reported the ban on Thursday .
On Thursday , the prohibition did not appear to be having any effect in Riyadh .
It 's extremely rare to see anyone in the capital walking a dog anyway  much less carrying a cat in public  despite the authorities ' claims of flirtatious young men luring girls with their pets in malls .
Salesmen at a couple of Riyadh pet stores said Thursday they did not receive any orders from the commission to stop selling pets .
Cats and dogs were still on display .
" I did n't hear of the ban , " said Yasser al - Abdullah , a 28 - year - old Saudi nurse , who was at a pet store with his 3 - month - old collie , Joe .
Al - Abdullah , who also owns an 8 - month - old Labrador retriever , said a couple of Western friends walking dogs had been told to get off the streets by the religious police .
" I wo n't allow the commission to take my dogs from me , " he said .
Cellphone cameras banned in 2004
The religious police prowl streets and malls throughout the kingdom , ensuring unmarried men and women do not mix , confronting women they feel are not properly covered or urging men to go to prayers .
They also often make attempts to plug the few holes in the strict gender segregation that innovations bring .
In 2004 , for example , they tried to ban cameras on cellphones , fearing that men and women would exchange pictures of each other  though the prohibition was quickly revoked .
There was no word on whether commission authorities intend to expand the dog and cat ban beyond the capital .
The prohibition may be an attempt to curb pet ownership , which conservative Saudis view as a sign of corrupting Western influence , like the fast food , shorts , jeans and pop music that have become more common in the kingdom .
Although it has never been common to own pets in the Arab world , it 's becoming increasingly fashionable among the upper class in Saudi Arabia and other countries , such as Egypt .
In Islamic tradition , dogs are shunned as unclean and dangerous , though they are kept for hunting and guarding .
In large cities around the Middle East , stray dogs are considered pests .
There 's no similar disdain for cats in Islamic tradition .
One of the Prophet Muhammad 's closest companions was given the name Abu Huraira , Arabic for " the father of the kitten , " because he always carried a kitten with him , and a number of traditional stories of the Prophet show Muhammad encouraging people to treat cats well .
Install an Opera .deb package and this repository is automatically configured for updates .
If you want to setup the repository prior to installation , please read these instructions .
Made
In Queens is a short film that lifts the lid on an underground scene emerging in the outskirts of New York s Queens borough .
Directed by Nicolas Randall and Joe Stevens , the film looks at a small crew of Trinidadian teenagers , led by Nick Ragbir , who are obsessed with customising their bmx bikes with the fattest soundsystems they can possibly hook them up with 
FINAL PROJECT : Closures for Java
This is a final submission for the Closures for Java project described at http://mail.openjdk.java.net/pipermail/challenge-discuss/2008-February/000047.html
HOW TO ACCESS THE CODE :
The complete implementation may be found in the openjdk Mercurial forest at ssh://hg.openjdk.java.net/closures/closures/
The forest can also be found on the openjdk mercurial website at http://hg.openjdk.java.net/closures/closures/
Most of the changes for this project are found in the langtools tree , though there are some changes to supporting libraries in the jdk tree .
A binary build of the project , suitable for use with an existing Java SE 5 or Java SE 6 platform implementation , may be found at http://www.javac.info/closures.tar.gz
Other resources relating to the project can be found on the website http://www.javac.info/
As an openjdk Project , copyrights in these sources have been contributed to Sun Microsystems under the terms of the SCA .
The implementation supports all features described in the specification and noted in the project proposal .
Based on community feedback , there are some changes reflected in the implementation suitable for inclusion in a revision of the prototype , including the addition of support for " method references " .
For details of the differences from the specification , see http://www.javac.info/PrototypeDifferences.html which is also included , below .
===================
Differences Between the Prototype and the Spec ( v0.5 )
Here is a summary of the differences between the current prototype and the last published specification ( v0.5 ) .
These changes reflect feedback from the user community and are suitable for inclusion in the next revision of the specification .
* Renamed Unreachable to Nothing
We adopt the name used by Scala to represent the same concept .
* Removed support for the type null
We used null as a placeholder for an exception type when none can be thrown .
The type Nothing now serves that purpose ; null is no longer supported as the name of a type .
* Overhauled restricted versus unrestricted
In the specification , an interface is considered restricted if it extends a marker interface .
Unfortunately , the specification only provides a syntax for function type interfaces that are unrestricted .
We modified the syntax so that a function type written using the => token designates a restricted function type , while one written using the newly introduced == > token represents an unrestricted function type .
This allows programmers to easily write APIs that restrict ( or do n't restrict ) the operations of closure expressions passed as parameters .
* Refined restrictions
We modified the distinction between restricted and unrestricted closures .
As before , it is not legal to convert an unrestricted closure to a restricted interface type , nor is it legal to break , continue , or return from inside a restricted closure to a target outside the closure .
However , a restricted closure is allowed to refer to a non-final local variable from an enclosing scope .
In this case a warning is given unless one of the following conditions holds : 1 . The variable is not the target of any assignment , or 2 .
The variable is annotated @ Shared
It is possible to suppress the warning by annotating some enclosing construct @ SuppressWarnings ( " shared " ) .
* Relaxed the closure conversion
In response to user feedback , we 've relaxed the relationship between a closure parameter 's type and the target interface 's parameter type .
Rather than requiring them to be of the same type , they are now allowed to be related by an assignment conversion , including boxing or unboxing .
* for -qualified method declarations
The for keyword on a method declaration , meant to introduce a control abstraction method that works like a loop , is now treated syntactically like a modifier rather than appearing immediately before the method name .
This helps make the declaration site more similar to the use site .
* Added support for method references
We added extensive support for treating a reference to a method as a closure using a newly introduced token # .
The syntax is borrowed from the FCM proposal .
The semantics are as follows : A method reference written as Primary # Identifier ( TypeList ) where the Primary designates an expression ( as opposed to a type ) is treated the same as a closure {
Type x0 , Type x1 ... => tmp.Identifier ( x0 , x1 ... ) } or { Type x0 , Type x1 ... => tmp.Identifier ( x0 , x1 ... ) ; }
Where tmp is a temporary value that holds the computed value of the primary expression .
The former translation is used when the resolved method has a non-void return type , while the latter is used when the resolved method has a void return type .
If the primary resolves to a type , then this is translated to { Type x0 , Type x1 ... =>
Primary .
Identifier ( x0 , x1 ... ) } or { Type x0 , Type x1 ... =>
Primary .
Identifier ( x0 , x1 ... ) ; } when the resolved method is static , or { Primary x , Type x0 , Type x1 ... => x. Identifier ( x0 , x1 ... ) } or { Primary x , Type x0 , Type x1 ... => x. Identifier ( x0 , x1 ... ) ; } when the resolved method is an instance method .
In addition , optional explicit type arguments , between angle brackets , may be placed immediately after the # token .
These are used directly in the translated method invocation to resolve the method to be invoked .
* Implemented a classfile format for the for qualifier
We 've impleemnted a class file representation of the for qualifier to support separate compilation .
The financial markets unraveled so rapidly last week , it s still hard to process all the developments and likely consequences .
But there s no doubt that events on Wall Street carry serious implications for our energy and environmental future as well .
I cant wrap my head around all the pieces yet ( and I m not sure if I ll ever be able to ) , but here are some random thoughts about what the market meltdown might mean for oil prices , oil production , renewable energy development and climate change :
Writer Nate Hagens warns on The Oil Drum that the Security and Exchange Commission s ( SEC ) temporary ban on short selling alone could put future energy markets in jeopardy .
Now studying at the Gund Institute for Ecological Economics at the University of Vermont , Hagens knows some of this stuff from the inside : an MBA from the University of Chicago , he previously worked in asset management , pension research and commodity system trading algorithms for Salomon Brothers and Lehman Brothers .
He writes ,  There will never be a year where we produce more oil than in 2008 , ( and if things fall fast , then 2008 still may not catch 2005 ) .
Energy and finance are critically linked .
The deepening banking crisis now combined with apathy and reduced confidence in our financial system will evaporate any chance we had of offsetting oil depletion with new production and new technology .
You can bank on it . 
The shrinking availability of credit also threatens efforts to cut greenhouse gas emissions in a meaningful way .
Then there are the numerous pundits who warn that the taxpayer tab for bailing out Wall Street will require  Shock Doctrine  - like cuts in government spending for  well , almost anything beneficial : Social Security , the National Park System , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , schools , transportation , you name it .
Urban planner Christopher J. Ryan writes on his The Localizer blog :  Imagine what we could have done with the public and private money to research alternative energy and build a more sustainable society .
Throw in the trillion or more for Iraq and if you re not shaking mad now like I am , you re on a slab . 
This is all scary , uncharted - territory stuff , and it s hard to know where things will stand when ( if ) the dust settles .
Right now , though , the view from an environmental / energy - security perspective is anything but encouraging .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
July 25 , 2008
Bob Barr , former U.S. rep from Georgia , told Conyers and the House Judiciary Committee earlier today that we face a  Constitutional clock  in this country and that clock is counting down .
Conyers and his aides smiled as Barr warned that we are about to lose the republic , probably forever .
But then , as Barr is the presidential candidate for the Libertarian party , no doubt the entrenched statists of Conyers ilk do not take him seriously , in fact consider him little more than a momentary amusement in the larger circus sideshow that the very serious matter of impeachment has become .
From the outset , Conyers and the Democrats in control of the House of Representatives , where Barr served as a Republican from 1995 until 2003 , have done all they can to make sure the judiciary committee hearing , ironically entitled  Executive Power and Its Constitutional Limitations ,  result anything but an impeachment hearing .
It is completely understandable why  because the reputations of Conyers , Pelsoi , and the Democrats are not only on the line , they also stand to be criminally indicted along with Bush and his perfidious neocons .
Democrats are up to their eyeballs in criminality .
 In September 2002 , four members of Congress met in secret for a first look at a unique CIA program designed to wring vital information from reticent terrorism suspects in U.S. custody .
For more than an hour , the bipartisan group , which included current House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , was given a virtual tour of the CIA s overseas detention sites and the harsh techniques interrogators had devised to try to make their prisoners talk ,  the Washington Post reported last December .
 With one known exception , no formal objections were raised by the lawmakers briefed about the harsh methods during the two years in which waterboarding was employed , from 2002 to 2003 , said Democrats and Republicans with direct knowledge of the matter .
The lawmakers who held oversight roles during the period included Pelosi and Rep. Jane Harman ( D - Calif . ) and Sens. Bob Graham ( D - Fla . ) and John D. Rockefeller IV ( D - W.Va . ) , as well as Rep. Porter J. Goss ( R - Fla . ) and Sen. Pat Roberts ( R - Kan ) . 
( Article continues below )
In other words , if Bush and the neocons go down , so will the Democrats , thus Conyers  reluctance to make the  Executive Power and Its Constitutional Limitations  hearing anything but a sideshow , a charade , a way to placate the opposition and squander any political capital accumulated by Rep. Dennis Kucinich .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
 If you know there is treason going on , you can be held accountable for treason yourself ,  Minnesota We Are Change reminded Conyers last year during a videotaped confrontation , a clip included in Alex Jones  documentary , The 9/11 Chronicles : Part One , Truth Rising .
Indeed , Mr. Conyers is well aware of the treason going on and he is obviously attempting to protect his colleagues and derail a sincere investigation by holding a milquetoast hearing that will terminate in a dead end .
 The House Democratic leadership , not interested in a bloody impeachment battle in the last year of Bush s presidency , steered Kucinich s resolutions to the Judiciary Committee where they could quietly fade away , but Friday s hearing gave Kucinich and his allies an opportunity to air their views ,  explained Jim Abrams for the Associated Press .
In order to put the desired spin on the hearing , Abrams concluded his article by quoting George Mason University School of Law professor Jeremy Rabkin , who said :  The tone of these deliberations is slightly demented .
You should all remind yourselves that the rest of the country is not necessarily in this same bubble in which people think it is reasonable to describe the president as if he were Caligula . 
Rabkin has a point .
Indeed , the rest of the country is not in the same  bubble  as those of us outraged by the outright subversion of the Constitution and the wholesale trashing of the Bill of Rights .
It is not an exaggeration to say far too many Americans are not only unaware of the constitutional crisis underway , they in fact have little comprehension of the Constitution , thanks to the corporate media and public education .
A suggestion offered by Rep. Adam Schiff is commendable , although too late .
Schiff proposed the formation of a modern - day Church Committee to start an inquiry , independent of the administration .
However , it is no longer the 1970s and there are few people in the Congress with the stomach to participate , let alone support such an investigation .
In 2008 , the rot and corruption has overtaken the whole of the government .
At this point , it needs to be excised like a malignant tumor .
Bob Barr is incorrect .
The  Constitutional clock  is not ticking away .
It in fact passed zero hour some time ago and has stopped ticking altogether .
Conyers  big tent circus sideshow is nothing short of a big fat period under an exclamation point  the Constitution is a dead letter , the Bill of Rights is moribund , and we live in a dictatorship .
At present , we exist in a state of limbo , still hearing the echo of liberty as it rapidly fades .
It is only a matter of time now before the jack booted thugs come for us  or those of us who understand the descending peril and voice our collective opposition .
But that s what PDD51 , the Military Commissions Act , the John Warner Defense Authorization Act , and those Halliburton constructed camps are all about .
This article was posted : Saturday , July 26 , 2008 at 3:08 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
After three dead and one severely wounded bomb - squad techs , a team in Iraq happened upon this detonator  the one time we 're glad a Nokia phone did n't work right ; yes , it says " 01 Call Missed " .
Whoever made that call is going to be a little surprised when he gets a call back .
[ Thanks , Mario ]
Many people avoid buying life insurance , which is hardly surprising : they worry that it will be complicated or expensive , or that it will put them face - to - face with their own mortality ( or an insurance agent ; same idea ) .
As a result , many folks who need life insurance do nt have it , and plenty who do do nt actually need it or have the wrong kind .
Full Story
Originally Posted : 2005-03-22 15:29
I 'm starting a gang .
If you 'd like to join , and live in my area , email
Scientists discover why we all have fish fingers
You may think you have little or no connection to the ugly - looking customer pictured below .
After all , you 're an intelligent and good - looking Daily Mail reader and it is a crocodile - like beast that splashed about in the seas 385 million years ago .
But it was the choice of creatures such as this to crawl out of the water and on to the land that mean you can hold this newspaper today .
For in doing so , their fins slowly evolved into what eventually became our fingers ( and our toes , too ) .
The fins of the Panderichthys , pictured above , evolved into what eventually became our fingers
The idea that the digits of land vertebrates were derived from the bones contained within fish fins is not new .
But it fell out of favour in the 1990s largely based on earlier studies of Panderichthys - our toothy friend pictured above - which appeared to show that it lacked the necessary finger - like divisions in its fins .
Instead , it was thought that digits in vertebrates developed simply as an ' evolutionary novelty ' .
But now the findings of a study of a fossil have shown that the original interpretation was correct - Panderichthys did indeed have the divisions in its fins that would one day become fingers and toes .
The discovery has been made by biotechnologist Dr Catherine Boisvert and her colleagues at Uppsala University in Sweden after they X - rayed the fossil using computer scans .
She said their findings made a strong case for our digits not being just the happy accident of evolution .
Manuel Uribe hoists himself up at La Boca dam in Mexico .
Once the heaviest man in the world , Uribe , now weighing 52 stone ( 330 kilos ) , left his home for the third time in six bedridden years to go on holiday as part of a postponed birthday celebration
Credit : REUTERS
SANIBEL , Fla. , Sept. 30 ( UPI ) --
A photographer caught video of a crab hitching a ride on the back of a giant pink meanie jellyfish off the Gulf Coast of Florida .
Pat Clyne made the video of the underwater spectacle off the coast of Sanibel Island , WKMG -TV , Orlando , Fla. , reported .
Advertisement
The video shows the crab moving underwater on the pink meanie jellyfish , which have tentacles 100 feet long and are rarely seen in the Gulf of Mexico .
The hope is to give patients just one jab A single injection of modified cells could halt the advance of rheumatoid arthritis , say UK scientists .
The Newcastle University team is about to start small - scale safety trials of the jab , which will hopefully stop the immune system attacking the joints .
The Arthritis Research Campaign , which is funding the project , said if successful the treatment would be " revolutionary " .
It could be fully tested and available within five years .
It could be a revolutionary development for rheumatoid arthritis patients
Professor Alan Silman
Arthritis Research Campaign Rheumatoid arthritis is one of a family of " autoimmune " diseases , in which the body 's defence systems launch attacks on its own tissues .
In the case of rheumatoid arthritis , this means painful inflammation and progressive damage to the joints , eased only slightly by courses of painkillers and immune dampening drugs .
The precise trigger for these attacks is not known , but the latest technique , so far tested only on cells in the laboratory , aims to " reset " the immune system back to its pre-disease state .
A sample of the body 's white blood cells is taken and treated with a cocktail of steroids and vitamins which transforms a particular type of immune cell called a dendritic cell into a " tolerant " state .
These cells are then injected back into the joint of the patient .
Professor John Isaacs , who is leading the research , said : " Based on previous laboratory research we would expect that this will specifically suppress or down regulate the auto - immune response . "
Small trial
So far the team does not have any data about how well the treatment works in living creatures .
The next step is an initial safety trial involving just eight patients , although this could lead to further trials with higher number of patients .
Professor Alan Silman , from the Arthritis Research Campaign , said that , if successful , the treatment could make a big difference to patients .
He said : " The idea is to change these dendritic cells so that instead of being aggressive they return to their normal state .
" The presumption is that they will stay this way , unless the same trigger which is thought to cause the problem in the first place is encountered again .
" It could be a revolutionary development for rheumatoid arthritis patients . "
He said that the technique would be labour - intensive , requiring specialist laboratory facilities , perhaps costing many thousands of pounds per injection , but this would still cost the NHS less than decades of prescription medicines to control the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis .
He also suggested that the same process might be applied to other auto - immune diseases such as type I diabetes , or even MS .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Just two days after a suicide bomb attack on the Marriott killed 53 people in the heart of Islamabad , there were reports of trouble both on Pakistan s border with Afghanistan and on the Line of Control with India .
On the Afghan border , Pakistani troops fired on two U.S. helicopters that intruded into Pakistani airspace on Sunday night , forcing them to turn back to Afghanistan , according to a senior Pakistani security official .
On the Indian side , Pakistani and Indian troops exchanged fire across the Line of Control dividing Kashmir , in the latest breach of a ceasefire agreed in 2003 .
And as if that was not enough , Afghanistan s top diplomat was kidnapped in Peshawar .
None of this is new in the sense that we have known about the tension on Pakistan s borders , and its fragile internal security situation , for a long time .
What is new is the scale of it .
And how everything seems to be happening at once .
And also the number of players involved  not only the United States ( in mid presidential election ) , Afghanistan , Pakistan and India , but also the Pakistan Army and Pakistan s new civilian government , along with the other powers on the sidelines , Saudi Arabia , China , and U.S. allies in NATO .
So which of these many players do you track most closely to assess what is happening in Pakistan ?
My hunch is to watch the Pakistan Army , and Pakistan s powerful spy agency , the Inter Services Intelligence ( ISI ) .
In a posting on the Pakistan Policy Blog , Arif Rafiq wrote about how army chief General Ashfaq Kayani had gone twice to the frontlines with India , each time after the civilian government had talked of making peace over Kashmir ( small quibble  the photo in his blog looks like it was taken at the brigade headquarters at Yuching , rather than on the Siachen glacier , which is in Indian hands ) .
The Pakistan Army , and by extension the ISI , rightly or wrongly , sees itself as the ultimate defender of Pakistan .
It would seem obvious that the Pakistan Army would not tolerate its authority being challenged on both fronts  by U.S. raids over the border with Afghanistan on one side , and by peace moves with India on the other .
I realise too that there are many who argue that only democracy can save Pakistan .
The point of this posting is not to say who to judge .
Simply who to watch .
And who do you watch when a country s borders are fragile and its capital city attacked ?
Notice Goodman WEARING HER PRESS I.D. AROUND HER NECK while being manhandled by the thugs the GOP brought in to put their foot on the neck of America in Saint Paul .
I just wanted to blog this morning , after finally getting about 4 hours sleep , to tell the world - or what bit portion of it is still paying attention , my account of the RNC activism events today .
I am just one person , my story will not fully depict the absolute circus this convention has turned my state into .
what brought me to St Paul today , a city that is normally extremely quiet and without event , was the Take Back Labor Day festival .
I went to the city to see friends and hear music and stand up as a supporter for real worker 's rights and further , most importantly , the freedom of our Republic .
What i saw was extreme ... From Harriet Island , where the above - described music and awareness event was taking place , dozens of us saw , with our own civilian eyes , the true arsenal the federally - sponsored RNC had in store for us .
" The department , awarded a $ 50,000,000 security grant from the federal government , will have at its disposal $ 330,000 in helmets , $ 1,000,000 in chemical masks and $ 1,900,000 in chemical irritants , according to plans approved by the [ Saint Paul ] City Council this month .
" First hand , I saw at least 4 snipers on top of downtown buildings surrounding the RNC ground zero at any given time .
In the river just ahead of our festival , there were coast guard boats with massive machine guns loaded and ready to fire , two per boat .
Many boats patrolled the waters of the mighty [ city - polluted ] Mississippi throughout the day .
Later on , about 10 boats were seen at once , all surrounding a non-violent sit-in on the banks of the Mississippi , along with various officials inland , their squad lights ablaze .
I plan to bike from MPLS to the free Rage Against The Machine show ( they are the ' secret ' headliner ) today ( Sept 2nd ) in downtown Saint Paul but for Labor day I decided to bus it with a friend .
On the way into the city , everything became increasingly intense .
Our bus took at least 4 detours ...
We saw the March on The RNC To Stop the War and many blocks away we observed troops of swat teams in complete & full gear doing coreographed marches in 20 some numbered groups .
I personally recall noting 3 separate groups of these swat teams during my pilgrimage to the island for the show .
The downtown area was completely shut down .
I believe it was about a six block radius which was under a military - like rule .
The secret service , national guard and fbi were all in attendance .
I estimate that every corner had at least 2 - 3 cops or service individuals posted to it , giving each block about a 10 - person cover by the government 's forces .
Later bike & horse police were also seen in massive groups .
Video of excessive force from todays events can be found with a swift ' google ' on the subject .
Finally , the helicopter ... I suppose I note this lastly because of the role it later played in my first hand experience ...
All day we saw police helicopter fly - bys over our festival and the RNC & back again .
They could clearly see us and probably knew all about our event prior to its arrival , especially given the constant state trooper walk - through 's that plagued the festival .
When the fest finally ended and people began to make their way back downtown , the officials shut down the bridges crossing the Mississippi one by one until none were left to cross and people were catapulted into a panic .
The people at the front of the group I was in explained that the cops threatened them with tear gas if we tried to cross .
Most of us were poorly dressed for any sort of riot or for that matter , conspiracy there - of , many attendees sporting swimming suits and flip flops .
This was a day of high humidity and music , after all .
Most were from the Minneapolis area and just needed to cross the bridges safely and load a bus back to home base .
We were obstructed from doing so , seemingly at the attempt of officials to instigate riot .
When the bridges did finally start to reopen and the group I was with did get across , one young girl 's mother told us that there was no reason for them to shut it down .
No one was doing anything " stupid " on the bridges .
That " all of a sudden there were just swarms of cops and then they just shut the bridges down .
"
On the bus ride back home , people cheered when we reached the highway en route back to Minneapolis .
When I finally unloaded from the 4th bus of the day , I felt relived , like I was finally on solid ground again .
Its strange to spend almost an entire day feeling like a caged animal only to wake up the next and return again , all in the name of freedom and liberty .
" I know not what course others may take ; but as for me , give me liberty or give me death ! " - Elizabeth22 y/o MCAD Student & Non-violent Civil Activist
' Whether He 's Pulling the Gun or Not ... He 's the Guy Who Made the Gun , ' Allege Buckeye Lawyers About Man Said to Have Been Behind Florida 2000 , Ohio 2004 , RNC Emails , Congressional Computer Networks , & More ...
Brad Friedman Byon 7/22/2008 , 5:20 am PT
-- Brad Friedman
Last week Ohio Attorney Cliff Arnebeck held a press conference in Columbus to announce his motion to lift the stay on the long - running King Lincoln Bronzeville v. Blackwell lawsuit in which massive improprieties , irregularities , and violations of the Voting Rights Act are alleged to have taken place in the 2004 Presidential Election in Ohio .
In the wake of the failure by the Buckeye State 's Attorney General to properly investigate the allegations , and new evidence and testimony unearthed by Arnebeck and other private investigators , he is now asking that the stay on the lawsuit be lifted by the court in order to refocus the case and depose Karl Rove , and a number of other top GOP operatives believed to be involved in manipulating the results of the ' 04 election .
One of those operatives is Republican tech - guru Mike Connell .
Steve Heller covered last week 's press conference for us , which featured comments from data security expert Stephen Spoonamore alleging fraud in the ' 04 election and Arnebeck 's assertion that he believes " Rove will be identified as having engaged in a corrupt , ongoing pattern of corrupt activities specifically affecting the situation here in Ohio . "
The following day , RAW STORY 's Larisa Alexandrovna detailed related concerns by Arnebeck and Spoonamore concerning Diebold 's questionable involvement in the 2002 Senate race in Georgia .
After last week 's presser , Velvet Revolution 's Brett Kimberlin sat down to follow up with Arnebeck and attorney / investigative journalist Bob Fitrakis , who participated in both the original ' 04 election lawsuits and has reported in detail on the related matters continuously since then at the Columbus Free Press .
In the video - taped interview , posted at right ( appx. 10 mins ) , the two attorneys focus specifically on their concerns about GOP operative / IT specialist Connell , who , they allege , has been found to have been " at the scene of the crime " for numerous questionable elections since 2000 .
Connell 's firm was also responsible for creating the RNC email systems used by Karl Rove and others .
He is also said to have installed the existing Congressional computer networks for high - security House and Senate committees such as Judiciary and Intelligence .
[ DISCLOSURE : The BRAD BLOG is a co-founder of VelvetRevolution.us . ]
The complete text transcript of the interview follows below ...
Transcript of the 7/17/2008 VelvetRevolution.us Interview
with Cliff Arnebeck and Bob Fitrakis VELVET REVOLUTION : Cliff and Bob you just had a press conference , talking about the next steps you are going to take in litigation .
It looks like you 're looking for discovery to understand the facts behind what happened in 2004 and make sure this does n't happen in 2008 .
Can you give us an idea of the kinds of people or the names of people that you intend to target ?
CLIFF ARNEBECK : At the very top of the list is probably Mike Connell .
For the same reason that Spoonamore is so valuable to us as a witness , Connell has a breadth of perspective in this stuff and when Connell , with his politics and his position , identifies Triad and the Rapp family as an area , as a point of vulnerability - Well , we 're saying , if Connell makes the same observation -- which we think he will because if you look at this objectively , it makes no sense .
Here 's a guy , he 's a mathematician or an engineer or whatever ; we anticipate he is going to say " Yeah , that looks odd . "
So Connell 's an important witness and because we 're talking about a conspiracy , one of the problems is you say ' where 's the coordination , where 's the communication ? ' ---
Here 's one individual who 's been part of all the elements of the things that we think are problematic .
BOB FITRAKIS : He 's a high IQ Forrest Gump .
It 's like everything important --- 2000 election Florida ; 2004 Ohio ; firewall in Congress --- he happens to show up and be the builder of these [ im ] penetrable forces and also may know who has the key to get in .
VR : So he's at the scene of the crime ... whether he 's pulling the gun or not .
FITRAKIS : Every single crime ---
Well even more than that .
He 's the guy who made the gun .
VR : Now you mentioned KR [ Karl Rove ] , who 's been your interest in the deposition ?
Now you mentioned KR [ Karl Rove ] , who 's been your interest in the deposition ?
ARNEBECK : The problem with a guy like KR everyone wants , here Bush has been identified as the architect , you 're saying the corrupt elections , he 's obviously someone you need to talk to .
The problem is you do n't build the foundation of getting the evidence out about ' Hey , this is obvious fraud ' to the point where , ' If you do n't appear , Mr. Rove , we 're going to ... the prosecutor 's going to call . '
That 's the position we 're really in .
Mr. Rove is not going to step forward to help us put him in jail .
So we need to build the case on witnesses who will come forward to testify .
That 's why Connell 's important .
Then we need to go after some of the people that are proved [ to be ] clearly engaged in fraudulent conduct , which appears to be the Rapp family in 2000 .
VR : What about , you mentioned Jack Abramoff , when I interviewed Alabama Governor Don Siegelman last week , he stated on camera that Abramoff and his henchman Mike Scanlon were the bagmen for Rove who ...
Is that why you were thinking or mentioning him ?
ARNEBECK : Mentioning Rove ?
VR : No , mentioning Abramoff .
In the press conference , you mentioned Abramoff was behind HAVA .
ARNEBECK : Yeah , Abramoff and Grover Norquist .
There are all these characters .
You know what 's interesting about some of these people ?
Well , first of all , Abramoff by virtue of the fact that he 's willing to be more cooperative these days .
FITRAKIS : Very small merry - go - round same basis , Connell , Abramoff , Bob Ney , Karl Rove keep coming around the Rapp family over and over again .
And every place they go , what you find is illegal money laundering , the FBI , Justice Department launching investigations against Democrats .
And even more interesting , since the [ advent of the ] electronic voting machines , what you find is tracking polls and exit polls that are predicting victories for Democrats --- as in Georgia in 2002 , Ohio in 2004 --- that suddenly become unexpectedly flipped at the last second as if somebody had built a computer network and was essentially hacking the vote .
VR : Now I know you got into a little bit about Connell in this press conference --- and it was n't really clear to me --- but it seemed like you were saying Connell had created the servers that were used to run the Ohio election results through Chattanooga TN , Smartech , and these are the same servers that house other GOP operations , including the email systems that Karl Rove and George Bush ...
FITRAKIS : They 're running through the .... ??
You have got to wonder why you get literally hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of sites , partisan websites , sites like GW.com --- ah , even more important , the voter vault , which is essentially everyone that 's probably voted in America --- that 's in real time , that 's Republicans updated during the election .
And you know sites that go running to the White House and they 're on the same integrated servers in this secure old bank building --- the old pioneer bank building in Chattanooga , Tennessee .
You have to ask yourself why would the state of Ohio , at the last second , right when the unexpected vote flip comes , be outsourcing that in real time to Tennessee .
And why did Mr. Connell build such a system ?
And I think the suggestion is that it might have been built in such a way that other people who have access to central tabulators know the vote count they need to win an election because the exit polls are coming in all showing Kerry winning at 51:48 .
And then it 's flipped , but it 's flipped because these unexpected , unexplained results in these 14 Republican - dominated southwest counties , most of these that reported in later than in Cleveland and Columbus , both that still had people in line by court order in Franklin county until midnight .
So you 've got , [ which ] hardly ever do , small rural areas report[ing ] after the big cities where the polls are jammed and the polls are open by court order until midnight but historically this .. this is done by the wire services and other things .
You need to know the exact vote you need to win .
and they [ Republicans ] had a system in place .
... and that system was built by Mike Connell .
VR : Now , let me ask this because it was not clear to me in the press conference about the conflicts --- both actual and possible conflict of interest that Michael Connell is laboring under by handling George W. Bush 's election campaign websites and , then , also Ken Blackwell 's election websites and on the other side the election results for the state of Ohio .
FITRAKIS : ... and the firewall of the U.S. Congress ... VR : ... and two of them being highly - partisan and one of them being supposedly nonpartisan .
Now you 've also got Connell handling Jeb Bush 's website down in Florida .
and then shortly after the inauguration of George Bush , Connell gets the first private company awarded contract allowing his company behind the firewall of the U.S. Congress and then he takes over House Intelligence , House Ways and Means , House Judiciary , Rules and Ethics --- the most important committees in congress .
I 'm just wondering if you could talk about this conflict ?
ARNEBECK : if you think about it , as a government official , or as an agent of government , one of your jobs is to protect whatever you 're responsible for from fraudulent manipulation , and if you --- in wearing that hat as the fiduciary of the public trust --- you see , you see indications of possible corruption .
But the source of the possible corruption is from the partisan side of things where you have , you wear a partisan hat .
The problem is : Are you being scrupulous ?
Are you being  taking aggressive countermeasures as you would if you were completely independent ?
[ But are you ] when it 's coming from a partisan , you know , when it 's coming from your friends ?
And that is the conflict of interest .
Even if you have the ethical caliber that you can wear both hats at the same time , it certainly creates an appearance problem .
And when you combine that with the fact that 2004 was stolen , it 's clear , it 's crystal clear and it's absolutely crystal clear that 2000 was stolen .
So here are two stolen elections , and here 's a guy wearing this government hat , and it sure looks like he was not protecting the system against data , uh , fraudulent data manipulation which should be part of his responsibility as the government , the agent of the government .
FITRAKIS : when you take the most partisan IT man in the history of the US , every time an irregularity occurs , Florida 2000 , 2004 Ohio , he 's the guy who built the system .
Then you put him in charge of building the security and firewall for the U.S. Congress ?
Dealing with the most sensitive matters ?
All of the emails and communications of the party that he hates ?
Uh , how can you do that ?
I mean , it 's an invitation to spy .
It 's an invitation to gather information in an information age .
Knowledge is power .
He holds the secrets of the temple .
The most partisan IT man on earth [ who ] was at the scene of every crime is the [ very ] guy who 's protecting the secrecy and security of the Democrats he despises .
That 's what 's wrong about it .
VR : Thank you very much , I look forward to seeing how this case proceeds .
UPDATE : Video
BAGHDAD  How are you spending your 4th of July holiday ?
While most Americans probably slept , 1,215 Soldiers , Sailors , Airmen , and Marines raised their right hands and committed to a combined 5,500 years of additional service during the largest reenlistment ceremony in the history of the American military .
Beneath a large American flag which dwarfed even the enormous chandelier that Saddam Hussein had built for the Al Faw Palace , members of all services , representing all 50 states took the oath administered by Gen. David Petraeus , Commander of Multi-National Forces Iraq .
Petraeus , reiterating earlier remarks made by Command Sergeant Major Hill , said that the unprecedented ceremony sends a  message to friend and foe alike . 
He told those assembled that it is  impossible to calculate the value of what you are giving to our country . . .
For no bonus , no matter the size , can adequately compensate you for the contribution each of you makes as a custodian of our nation s defenses . 
Last year Gen. Petraeus , along with Senator John McCain , presided over a similar Independence Day ceremony .
Then only 588 servicemen reenlisted .
This year s event , more than twice as large , saw the equivalent of two battalions extend their service in America s military .
Nearly the entire rotunda was filled with reenlisting servicemen , their voices drowning out all other noise .
For two days the military members , flown in for the occasion from all across Iraq , have toured the elaborate palace where Saddam s sons were said to have entertained friends lavishly and tortured enemies mercilessly in the basement dungeon .
Following the ceremony , they were treated to Chicago deep dish pizza donated by Lou Malnati s Restaurant and flown fresh by DHL for the occasion .
Among those in attendance were service members from the more than two dozen Allies serving with MNF - I .
Along with their American counterparts , each appeared in awe of the sacrifice of these incredible men and women .
Each of the reenlistees knows full well the costs of war , and yet , they chose to stand with their units , their mission , and each other .
It was as humbling an experience as I have ever witnessed .
On this 4th of July , while you celebrate around grills and coolers all across America , keep in mind the 1,215 who allow us that privilege .
* Ten hours later and the YouTube video finally  processed . 
Here is the link .
ERROR !
Domain Unavailable !
Looks like this domain has not been routed yet or is suspended .
If it 's your domain and you have questions , contact your service provider .
French Economy Minister Christine Lagarde told reporters on Monday , April 7 , that France is " determined to push " for a common corporate tax base in the 27 - member bloc when it takes over the EU presidency in July .
The expected proposal would not set a fixed tax rate in EU states , but would lay down a basis for determining rates .
EU Tax Commissioner Laszlo Kovacs has expressed support for the plan , which would cut red tape and simplify cross - border business deals .
" There is a real need for the member states to act together in certain tax policy areas , " said Kovacs on Monday .
While France and Germany back the common corporate tax base , the plan has met resistance from several EU countries , notably Britain and Ireland .
They fear the joint base could lead to a general harmonization of tax policies across the bloc , thereby infringing on national sovereignty .
Some European Commission officials have suggested that the proposal not be presented until after the June 12 referendum in Ireland on the EU 's Treaty of Lisbon , reported the EU Observer .
Britain and France favor a tax cut on energy efficient products
Green tax cut in the works
Also on Monday , Lagarde said she hoped " to make significant progress " on a combined British - French initiative to cut value - added tax on energy - saving items , such as light bulbs and appliances .
Kovacs said he agreed with " the essence " of the green tax bid , but said that " what is technically the best solution is another question . "
Some EU countries have said they prefer other methods of promoting energy efficient products .
Why Dog Condoms
Even PETA will tell you plainly that mutilating your pet is wrong .
Whether it s cropping the ears , clipping the tail , or declawing your ferocious feline ; putting your prized pet under the knife to suit your humanly purposes is austerely inhumane .
So with that obvious knowledge in your quiver , why would you even dream of getting your dog spayed or neutered ?
Who Do You Think You Are , Bob Barker ?
House pets have so little to look forward to in life .
Living a domestic existence is hard for them , and unnatural , and it only serves the purpose of making your life somehow better by filling some unexplainable absence you feel probably because you do nt have children , but it robs them of everything they know to be the very essence of their nature .
They do nt get to hunt , rove in packs or die from exposure at young ages .
Sex is one of the last bastions afforded to domestic animals , and the act of spaying or neutering your dog can take away their very will to live .
If all you had left in your life was poetry and I bashed you in the head with a rock , thus damaging your brain to the point you could never again muster a natural sonnet , what would you have left to live for ?
Now imagine that you re a dog and it s your genitals .
Now you might just understand the benefits of Dog Condoms  over neutering .
At the same time , though , you do nt exactly want Balto fathering an illegitimate litter twice a year , because that would only make the American pet crisis worse .
Surely there must be a solution somewhere in between , right ?
In a perfect world you d find something that is humane , yet dignified ; and fair , yet agreeable .
Wish and dream no more .
Now there is just such a solution , and we ve made it affordable too .
Dog Condoms  allow you to keep your puppy peppering the powerful dog spunk that makes him who he is without the typical regret so often associated with humping mutt - style neighborhood bitches .
You do nt have to pay the outrageous costs the veterinarian so unapologetically charges for his indifferently applied services , but you can still stem the tsunami of unwanted puppies that result from horrible situations like dog fighting or canine foodstuffs .
Some have pointed out that it is indeed a little bit of extra work , but the application of the Dog Condom is fairly straightforward , and 99.9 % effective , when used properly .
Now man s best friend can enjoy the best of both worlds as he keeps his natural hormone levels , libido and testicles , while not contributing to the growing problem of Stray Dog Syndrome so prevalent throughout the United States , most specifically the southern and poor parts of it .
So if you ask  Why Dog Condoms  ?  I ask you right back ,  How could you dream of any other solution , now that you know this easy , affordable remedy exists ? 
For the last three decades , I have photographed abandoned filling stations , mostly in American ghettos .
For me , they evoked the vision of the end of a gas - based world .
In the beginning , this vision was largely confined to disadvantaged neighborhoods .
Not anymore .
Today , with gasoline prices at record levels , the fragility of a lifestyle , economy and culture dependent on fossil fuel is sensed by everyone , even the most comfortable among us .
I have often been amazed by the ways harsh and aggressive forms are taken over by the natural world .
The gas stations and pumps that make modern life possible are among our most rationally planned buildings .
Their function : get the customers to stop and fill their tanks , fast .
And yet how quickly filling stations disintegrate without constant maintenance .
They lose their characteristic smell of oil and exhaust .
Scavengers strip the pumps , revealing their hoses , belts , gears and electric motors .
In some cases , trees grow out of the concrete ; nature sings its song as the loud greens of the ailanthus trees , bushes and white flowers mix with the fading reds of the station walls .
Filling stations can be taken over in other ways , too .
At the East Friendship Baptist Church in Detroit , a circular sign that used to showcase the name of an oil company was redone to say , " Jesus Still Saves . " -- Camilo Jos Vergara
Die Karriereleiter erklimmen
Karriere machen ist ein wichtiger Vorgang im Leben eines jeden Menschen .
Es beschreibt den Werdegang im Leben , von der schulischen Laufbahn ber die Ausbildung bis hin zur endgltigen Wahl des Berufs .
Aber auch die beruflichen Erfolge , die einem im Leben widerfahren gehren noch dazu .
Um im Leben Karriere zu machen , gehren einige Eigenschaften hinzu , welche wichtig fr das Auftreten des Arbeitnehmers sind .
Vor allem selbstbewusstes Auftreten sowie folgende Charaktereigenschaften sind wnschenswert :
Kommunikationsfhigkeit
Belastbarkeit
Zielsetzung
Zuverlssigkeit
Die Leidenschaft fr eine Branche zu zeigen und passendes Fachwissen an den Tag zu legen , gehren zum Alltag .
Verlangt bei den Arbeitnehmern wird dafr eine ordentliche Work - Life - Balance und Entscheidungsfreiheit , welche oft durch flexible Arbeitszeiten gewhrleistet wird .
Berufseinsteigern liegen alle Richtungen und Wege offen .
Es gibt zahlreiche Mglichkeiten nach oder whrend einer Ausbildung weiterzumachen .
Sollten
Sie fr sich feststellen , den falschen
Weg gewhlt zu haben , steht es Ihnen offen eine weitere Ausbildung , ein Studium oder gar eine Arbeit als Quereinsteiger einzugehen .
Natrlich hat ein Berufserfahrener ebenso die Mglichkeit diese Wege einzuschlagen .
Vor allem als Quereinsteiger ist man heutzutage gerne gesehen .
Sie bringen Vielfalt , Erfahrungen aus anderen Branchen und ein anderes Denken in den Arbeitsalltag .
Aber vorerst sollten Sie Ihre Zukunftsperspektiven abwiegen , die im Unternehmen bzw .
allgemein im Berufsfeld vorherrschen .
Gibt es keine Chance auf eine Weiterentwicklung sollten Sie natrlich den
Mut haben , sich nach anderen Stellenangeboten und Arbeitgebern umzuschauen .
Gibt es doch noch einige Perspektiven ist eine Weiterbildung eine gute Mglichkeit , sein Fachwissen aufzufrischen , neues dazuzugewinnen und dieses dann anzuwenden .
Arbeitgebern ist es wichtig , dass qualifizierte Arbeitnehmer im Unternehmen sind .
Ihnen selbst hilft es in vielerlei Hinsicht ebenfalls weiter .
Vor allem auch Home - Office steigt stetiger Beliebtheit .
Wer wnscht es sich nicht von zu Hause aus zu arbeiten ?
Ein Manko gibt es allerdings : Selbstbeherrschung gehrt dazu , die Arbeit nicht immer weiter nach hinten rauszuschieben .
Es ist wichtig , dass man sich Ziele setzen kann , die geschafft werden sollen .
Tipps um eine erfolgreiche Karriere zu machen
Zgeln Sie Ihren Perfektionismus , sonst besteht die Gefahr , dass Sie Ihren eigenen Ansprchen niemals gerecht zu werden .
Ist das erst einmal der Fall , gehren Frustration und Demotivation zum Alltag .
Nutzen Sie stattdessen
Ihre strken .
bung macht den Meister und es ist noch kein Meister vom Himmel gefallen .
Verzagen
Sie also nicht , wenn Sie mal den einen oder anderen Fehler machen .
Auch diese gehren zu wichtigen Erfahrungen im Berufs - und Alltagsleben .
Wichtig ist , dass
Sie daraus lernen und es zuknftig besser machen .
Halten Sie sich Optionen offen und versteifen sich nicht auf den  Traumjob  .
Manchmal ist man dafr einfach nicht geschaffen oder hat keine Mglichkeiten , sich darin weiterzuentwickeln .
Auch wenn
Sie eventuell genau in diesem Beruf gelernt haben .
Wie bereits erwhnt , sind Quereinsteiger heutzutage in vielen Unternehmen gern gesehen .
Vielleicht auch eine Mglichkeit fr Sie? Legen Sie
Ihre schlechten Gewohnheiten ab , denn jeder hat welche .
Der erste Schritt dafr ist , dass
Sie sich diese eingestehen und vor Augen fhren .
Stehen
Sie sich damit nicht selbst im Weg. Ergreifen Sie selbst Initiative sich weiterzuentwickeln .
Sie sind fr sich selbst verantwortlich .
Warten
Sie nicht bis sich irgendwann mal ein Karrieresprung ergibt , sondern motivieren Sie sich , nach diesem zu suchen und ihn zu ergreifen .
Wie der digitale Wandel sich entwickelt und wie die Jobsuche bei Fachkrften aussieht , erfahren Sie auf FTD.de .
The Politico has a piece that focuses on the danger of John McCain 's temper .
McCain has a long and storied history of blowing up at his colleagues and the question really needs to be asked whether a man with such an angry temperament and who is prone to an overly hawkish foreign policy should be President .
This is hugely important issue and one that has not been adequately talked about to this point .
Yet McCain 's supporters seem to be in denial , the Politico writes that " Republicans have accused Democrats of inventing the temper line of attack to knock the Arizona senator . "
Really ?
Invented ?
Ummm ... it is pretty well documented .
McCain himself admitted he gets angry and Republican Senators are on record saying he has an anger problem and one even said he would n't trust him running the country .
Former McCain staffers have also noted that anger was a part of McCain .
He even allegedly tried to physically attacked Strom Thurmond .
Here are some snippets ( sorry no links - came through lexis ) :
McCain himself admits that  I Get Good And Angry . 
 I do get good and angry .
Really angry !
By God , I 'm not going to let them beat me again .
I do n't like to lose . 
[ Fortune , 3/20/06 ]
Orrin Hatch Called
It  Awful  To Be The Focus Of McCain s Anger .
 Hatch , who serves with McCain in the Senate , said his colleague  is a passionate person and he does have a temper and sometimes it 's awful to be on the wrong side of it .  
[ Associated Press , 12/2/99 ]
McCain 's temper led Republican Senator to say " I decided I did n't want this guy anywhere near a trigger . "
McCain s  ire is all too real .
This has prompted questions about whether his temperament is suited to the office of commander - in - chief ...
' I decided I did n't want this guy anywhere near a trigger , ' Domenici told Newsweek in 2000 . "
[ AP , 2/16/08 ]
AP describes McCain s Temper Is  Achilles Heel ,  described by colleagues as " Senator Hothead . "
 Temper , temper .
Republican John McCain is known for his .
He 's been dubbed " Senator Hothead " by more than one publication , but he 's also had some success extracting his hatchet from several foreheads .
Even his Republican Senate colleagues are not spared his sharp tongue .
" F--- you , " he shouted at Texas Sen .
John Cornyn last year .
" Only an a------ would put together a budget like this , " he told the former Budget Committee chairman , Sen. Pete Domenici , in 1999 .
" I 'm calling you a f------ jerk ! " he once retorted to Iowa Sen.
Chuck Grassley . [  ]
The political landscape in Arizona , McCain 's home state , is littered with those who have incurred his wrath .
Former Gov. Jane
Hull pretended to hold a telephone receiver away from her ear to demonstrate a typical outburst from McCain in a 1999 interview with The New York Times .
McCain has even blown up at volunteers and , on occasion , the average Joe .  [ AP , 2/16/08 ]
McCain s Communications Director said anger was part of John McCain .
Dan Schnur , John McCain 's communications director in the 2000 presidential race , acknowledged McCain s tendency toward anger , saying ,  Anybody who knows John McCain knows that he gets angry .   [ Washington Post , 11/2/99 ]
Conservative Bill Bennett said McCain was irresponsible and intemperate .
 William Bennett , the former education secretary , the prominent conservative who came very close to endorsing you a few days ago , called some of your comments irresponsible and intemperate .
He talks about an emerging pattern with you in which -- and this is a quote -- " you portray those with whom you disagree as not just wrong , but wicked . "
[ CNN , 3/2/2000 ]
Dobson : McCain has a legendary temper .
" Family founder James Dobson  talk to tens of millions of people each day . [ ]
McCain 's tone was certainly on Dobson 's mind when he issued a stinging anti-endorsement on Super Tuesday .
He mentioned various issues , but Dobson also said the senator ' has a legendary temper and often uses foul and obscene language . ' "
[ AP , 2/16/08 ]
McCain Began His Senate Career Screaming At A Young Volunteer .
 It was election night 1986 , and John McCain had just been elected to the U.S. Senate for the first time .
Even so , he was not in a good mood .
McCain was yelling at the top of his lungs and poking the chest of a young Republican volunteer who had set up a lectern that was too tall for the 5 - foot - 9 politician to be seen to advantage , according to a witness to the outburst . 
Jon Hinz , then Executive Director of the Arizona Republican Party , noted of the outburst ,  You 'd have to stick cotton in your ears not to hear it .
He ( McCain ) was screaming at him , and he was red in the face .
It was n't right , and I was very upset at him . 
[ Arizona Republic , 11/5/99 ]
McCain  Scuffled  with 92 Year - Old Strom Thurmond .
 In January 1995 , McCain was midway through an opening statement at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing when Chairman Strom Thurmond asked ,  Is the senator about through ? 
McCain glared at Thurmond , thanked him for his  courtesy  ( translation : buzz off ) , and continued on .
McCain later confronted Thurmond on the Senate floor .
A scuffle ensued , and the two did n't part friends . 
[ Washingtonian , 2/97 ]
Maryam in the mix NEVER the ideal indulgence for the fainthearted , politics in Pakistan may be poised to enter a real action - packed ...
Unrepentant sexism UNDETERRED by the outrage over his earlier callous remarks , CCPO Lahore Umar Sheikh once again exposed his sexist ...
Looming wheat crisis PAKISTAN could face a major wheat crisis by the end of December .
The warning has come from the National Assembly ...
At daggers drawn WHILE it is true that the government may not be directly responsible for the arrest of Leader of the Opposition in ...
No press freedom THE situation is bad enough if the press and citizens of a country are denied freedom of expression .
It is at its ...
Covid - 19 precautions DURING the past couple of weeks , there has been an uptick in Covid - 19 cases in the country .
According to news ...
One such paper , by Dirk Brockmann , a professor of physics at Northwestern University , tracks paper currency as a surrogate for the movement of people .
Using data from the wheresgeorge.com
Web site , where volunteers track the location and flow of more than 129 million bills of various denominations , Dr. Brockmann found similar routines of movement that also resemble those of animal foraging .
The cellphone researchers pointed out that the new paper moved the field forward significantly because people hold on to their phones , and so the movement of individuals is more closely tracked than it can be with paper currency that is passed from person to person .
As the researchers put it in the paper ,  Dollar bills diffuse , but humans do not . 
Both lines of research , however , suggested that people did not really move around much .
Dr. Brockmann , who was a reviewer on the new paper , said he first approached it with some trepidation 
 I said ,  Oooh , I hope this does not completely falsify what we found .   Instead , he said ,  I was very happy to see that it was consistent with what we found , even though the patterns of travel were obtained by very different sets of data . 
The use of cellphones to track people , even anonymously , has implications for privacy that make this  a troubling study ,  said Marc Rotenberg , a founder of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington .
The study , Mr. Rotenberg said ,  raises questions about the protection of privacy in physical spaces , when devices make possible the capture of locational data . 
There are serious ethical issues as well , said Arthur Caplan , director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania .
While researchers are generally free to observe people in public places without getting permission from them or review from institutional ethics boards , Mr. Caplan said ,  your cellphone is not something I would consider a public entity . 
Updated Memo to law enforcement investigators tracking down who broke into Sarah Palin's Yahoo email account : Gabriel Ramuglia might be a good place to start .
The 25 - year - old webmaster and entrepreneur is the operator of Ctunnel.com , the browsing proxy service used by the group that hacked into the vice presidential candidate 's personal email account and exposed its contents to the world .
While he has yet to examine his logs , he says there 's a good chance they will lead to those responsible , thanks to some carelessness on their part .
" Usually , this sort of thing would be hard to track down because it 's Yahoo email , and a lot of people use my service for that , " he told El Reg in a phone interview .
" Since they were dumb enough to post a full screenshot that showed most of the [ Ctunnel.com ]
URL , I should be able to find that in my log . "
Ramuglia got into the proxy business a few years ago , after schools began blocking access to an online game site he used to co-own .
Pretty soon , people began using the proxy service to access YouTube , Gmail , MySpace , and dozens of other sites that are routinely blocked by IT departments .
To prevent abuse of the service - such as the occasional bomb threat or other illegal act that 's been known to happen - Ramuglia logs each user 's IP address , along with the time and web destination .
That often is n't enough to track down people who access extremely popular websites .
But in this case , the perpetrators included a whole string of random - looking characters when posting screenshots of Palin 's hacked account .
That will probably be enough for him to pinpoint the proverbial needle in the haystack .
The information at the moment is on a server at a Chicago colocation site owned by FDC Servers .
Logs are automatically flushed after seven days , so the clock is ticking for law enforcement , who presumably are under intense pressure to protect the privacy of a candidate for the White House .
Of course , there 's always the possibility that Ctunnel.com was only one of multiple anonymization services the email hackers used to cover their tracks , but there 's only one way to find out .
Ramuglia said if he is contacted by law enforcement officials he will probably give them the information they seek .
At time of writing , he 's received no inquiries from any law enforcement agencies , he said .
The breach of Palin 's account " is pretty clearly against my terms of service , " he said .
" As exciting as it is to be in the news , this is not the type of activity I can encourage by any means . "
Update
Within hours of this story posting , Ramuglia received a phone call from an FBI special agent from the Anchorage , Alaska , field office .
" He just wanted to make sure I was n't losing the logs , " Ramuglia said , referring to the special agent .
The two are scheduled to speak again soon to coordinate the turning over the logged information .
What 's more , Wired.com has a story here detailing a now - removed post to the 4 chan website in which a person claiming to the hacker who accessed Palin 's email " used only a single proxy service to hide his IP address . "
Oops . 
Let me share a story , one that is tinged with regret .
In the summer of 1952 , when I was 30 , the Army assigned me to an infantry unit fighting in Korea .
Meanwhile , though , there was other news in my family :
My father had become the Republican presidential nominee .
As an ambitious young major , I refused any offers for other assignments .
Avoiding combat duty was and is an unforgivable sin for a professional soldier .
Image Credit ... Brian Cronin
As the time for my deployment approached , I discussed my intentions with my father .
We met at the Blackstone Hotel in Chicago , just after the Republican convention , and I explained my position .
My father , as a professional officer himself , understood and accepted it .
However , he had a firm condition : under no circumstances must I ever be captured .
He would accept the risk of my being killed or wounded , but if the Chinese Communists or North Koreans ever took me prisoner , and threatened blackmail , he could be forced to resign the presidency .
I agreed to that condition wholeheartedly .
I would take my life before being captured .
On looking back through the years , however , I now feel that I was being unfair and selfish and that my father was being far too conciliatory in giving me such permission .
On the other hand , I do nt think that the Army should ever have given me an option in the matter .
Today the problem is worse than it was in my time .
Unlike the Afghans and Iraqis , the South Korean people solidly supported the American military presence , which was part of a United Nations operation .
Their president , Syngman Rhee , whom they saw as their George Washington in the struggle for independence from Japan , enjoyed widespread support .
Therefore , once I finished a short stint in combat and was reassigned from an infantry battalion to Third Division headquarters , a few miles from the front , I felt as safe as I would have felt walking down a street in the United States .
Iraq is clearly different .
Even though the casualty rate in the combat units is low compared to other wars , the possibility of disaster in the nonexistent  rear area  is always there .
A female soldier driving a truck along a major highway can be blown up by a roadside bomb .
Civilians are captured for ransom by terrorists ; journalists are kidnapped and sometimes murdered .
A prize hostage also endangers those around him .
The British soldiers serving in Afghanistan alongside Prince Harry were in exceptional danger until he was withdrawn .
A Kinder , More Genital Nation
Frederic Hayward
Spectator , April 9 - 15 , 1993
In case you think that Playboy is just a lot of naked women sandwiched between advice on wine , fashion and stereo components , you should also know that Playboy Enterprises takes its politics very seriously .
Both editorially through the magazine and financially through the Playboy Foundation , the organization is an activist one .
The right to control one 's body and the freedom to enjoy one 's sexuality are among their highest priorities .
Each monthly issue has at least one piece supporting a woman 's sovereignty over her body , and the Playboy Foundation devotes a large chunk of its coffers to protecting that right .
Yet , over one million Americans every year are subjected to nonconsensual , life - scarring surgery , all without medical necessity , and the only response Playboy has offered is an occasional chuckle .
This is not just any surgery , mind you .
This is genital mutilation or , more specifically , the amputation of a few thousand erogenous nerve endings .
Indeed , the acknowledged goal behind its popularization in America was specifically to deprive its victims of enough sexual pleasure so as to discourage them from masturbating .
That is , routine circumcision is a combined and clear violation of some of the most important tenets of the Playboy Philosophy .
For Playboy to ignore that violation , something must be keeping it in a state of denial .
Playboy , unfortunately , is not the only resident of that state .
Children 's rights agencies , packed with crusaders who protect little children from physical harm , outraged especially by sexual attacks on children , and wielding powerful laws that specifically bar the infliction of pain and injury upon children , are comfortable neighbors of Playboy in the state of denial .
Insurance companies and health care reformers demand that unnecessary medical expenses be eliminated , yet they wink at the hundreds of millions of your wasted dollars which fund the circumcision industry .
What , then , are the psychological barriers that keep Playboy and others from confronting the issue of circumcision ?
First , circumcision is a men's issue , if only because 100 % of its American victims are male .
So , all those factors which usually induce us to deny the validity of men's issues also operate here .
The traditional message that it is unmanly to complain blends nicely with the feminist message that men do n't deserve to complain .
The traditional message that men must protect women blends nicely with the feminist message that helping men is equivalent to hurting women .
The effect of this blend is that men feel uncomfortable just thinking about men's issues , let alone talking about them ..
Male pain is the only pain which actually brings laughter and applause .
Another factor is that the ubiquitous sight of male pain desensitizes us to it .
Violence against males is literally all around us .
In the media , it is a staple of entertainment , with men comprising over 90 % of the victims on television .
Relevant , too , is the context of the violence .
When a woman is the victim , it is usually the " bad guy " who commits it , reinforcing our mindset that violence against women is always wrong .
The main purpose of the portrayal is to get the audience angry enough that it will watch the rest of the story to see to it that the villain is punished for his transgression .
Of the " justified " and approved violence in entertainment , the percentage directed against men is even higher than 90 % .
Even more poignant , men are the victims of virtually all violence in comedy .
Male pain is the only pain which actually brings laughter and applause .
Moreover , attacks on male sexuality are the " funniest " of all .
If a kick to the groin is a guaranteed formula for laughter , is it so surprising that a scalpel to the groin does not arouse mass sympathy ?
Although it is politically correct to dismiss the importance of violence against men , the preponderance of male victims in the media is mirrored by a preponderance of male victims in real life .
Committed to ignoring violence against men , Senator Joe Biden held hearings for two years on his " Violence Against Women Act " ( which makes violence against women a more serious crime than violence against men ) without ever discovering that the female victim is more stereotype than reality .
The Bureau of justice Statistics reports that males age 12 and older are 76 % more likely than females to be victims of violent crimes .
Men are three times more likely to be victims of homicide .
( The Bureau also asserts that women who are raped are actually among the more likely victims of violent crime to report their victimization . ) .
We are so desensitized to violence against the male body that , only for men , does real violence overlap with entertainment .
Given the protest against simple portrayals of violence against women , imagine the howls of anger if real women were really beaten into real bloody unconsciousness , and it was broadcast on network television as entertainment .
Think about that the next
time you watch a boxing match .
I was once talking with a stranger in a hotel lobby .
I told him that I was in town to speak about circumcision , and gave him a little preview of my talk .
He became agitated , exclaiming , " How can we do this to our own children ! ? ! "
I reminded him that we do n't do it to our " children " ...
We do it to our boys .
There 's a big difference .
Charities that want you to sponsor children overseas show twice as many little girls as little boys in their ads .
They know that people rush to the aid of girls , but do n't respond as readily to the plight of little boys .
A third factor keeping us from confronting circumcision is opposition by the very movement which is supposed to demand attention to gender issues .
Like the archetypal southern sheriff who left a victimized black with nowhere to turn because the sheriff himself was a racist , the Equal Rights enforcement industry leaves us with nowhere to turn because it itself is sexist .
When it comes to boys , these spokespeople remain silent .
Their record at vehemently and successfully opposing unnecessary operations upon women is well documented .
One bill to ensure that hysterectomies never be performed unless proven to be absolutely necessary passed the California legislature unanimously .
If we were circumcising little girls instead of little boys , it would have been outlawed long ago .
Indeed , throughout the United Nations and within the United States .
Concerned American institutions are actively fighting against female circumcision ( which we do n't have ) even as they ignore male circumcision ( which we do have ) .
When it comes to boys , these spokespeople remain silent .
One professional feminist , knowledgeable about research into the learning process of pre-borns ( let alone newborns ) and a ready advocate against sexual abuse , tried to squirm her way out of the issue by suggesting : " How do we really know that there is any long - term memory of this ? "
Yet , this woman would be the first to prosecute a dentist who fondled an unconscious patient , or , even worse , a man who masturbated into the face of an infant girl .
The whole issue of " memory " is a red herring .
While being solicited by a recruiter for a children 's rights group , I engaged her in a conversation about circumcision .
She blandly said that she did n't really care about it , since it had n't happened to her .
So much for the sexist stereotype , proclaimed by traditionalists and feminists alike , that women are more empathetic than men .
Still , circumcision is a very special men's issue , for even many men's rights advocates themselves are in deep denial over it .
One member of Men's Rights , Inc. , searching desperately for an excuse to rationalize the operation , actually assured me that he is glad he was circumcised and feels less sexual pleasure because , now , he is less vulnerable to premature ejaculation !
If numbing his penis were his goal , would n't using a condom be a more obvious and logical route , with the added benefit of protection against disease and pregnancy ?
How could this highly moral do - unto - others - type of guy condone unnecessary surgery and the infliction of physical and emotional trauma upon millions of innocent American boys , just to make it a shade less likely that he will prematurely ejaculate ?
Hell , he could wear 5 condoms and probably never ejaculate !
Men are not taught the same sense of sovereignty over our bodies which women learn .
Clearly , beyond the normal denial over men's issues , there is a very special denial when it comes to circumcision .
It , more than most men's issues , involves our own bodies , and men are not taught the same sense of sovereignty over our bodies which women learn .
Beginning when most of us are strapped down and circumcised to inaugurate our own lives , through childhood when we are deprived of the same rights of privacy in bathrooms and locker rooms that are granted to our female schoolmates , and culminating in the ritual end of boyhood when we march our bodies to the post office and register them with the Selective Service System , American males are continually , reminded that our bodies do not have the same rights enjoyed by the female body .
Girls are taught that a gentle caress might be legitimate grounds for complaint , while boys are taught that an occasional unwanted punch in the face is to be accepted .
In a recent episode of NBC 's sitcom " Wings , " Joe 's nose is broken by a man who mistakenly thinks his wife is having an affair with Joe .
Although the entire " humorous " episode evolved around this assault , no character at any time suggested that Joe report the crime to the police and file charges ; violence is just an expected part of life as a male .
Never underestimate the power of misandry ( hatred of men ) in our society .
The reasons for psychological denial about circumcision go even farther .
By the time a man is old enough to think about men's issues , he is too old to be a potential victim of involuntary circumcision .
Men might be as empathetic as women but , like women , we are more sympathetic toward women than toward other men .
Never underestimate the power of misandry ( hatred of men ) in our society .
Our confidence in the very survival of our society depends upon maintaining a pool of men who , should the need arise , are willing to kill other men in our behalf .
The ability to kill another human being upon command , however , does not come easily .
It must be nurtured through years of misandrist indoctrination .
Moreover , circumcision is not just violence toward men ; it is violence toward the penis .
While " penis envy " is now a clich , " penis hatred " is rarely mentioned , yet is at least as significant .
Even before the current war against male sexuality , men were getting negative messages about the penis .
Women were told that public nudity is a no - no because men are so attracted to the female body that naked women would incite uncontrollable mobs of eager men .
Men , on the other hand , were told that the law prohibits public nudity because the sight of their bodies incites horror and disgust in women .
There are few concepts more damaging to self - image than learning that your body is terrifying and revolting .
Men 's Rights , Inc. , was once contacted by a Missouri man who had a radio program on men's issues .
He called because he wanted to do a show on the penis ( in literature , health issues , self image , etc. ) but his boss would not permit it .
The penis is offensive , the station manager opined .
While the vagina and clitoris are not offensive ,
the penis is offensive , the station manager explained .
The man had mentioned his disappointment to women at the station , who volunteered that their women 's shows often speak about the vagina and clitoris .
He had returned to the station manager and asked why talk about the vagina and clitoris was allowed , but talk about the penis was forbidden .
While the vagina and clitoris are not offensive , the penis is offensive , the station manager explained .
Our friend then mentioned his latest disappointment to his female colleagues , who told him that they talk about the penis on their own shows .
He questioned the station manager about this newest double standard , and was informed that the penis is offensive when a man talks about it , but not necessarily when a woman talks about it .
Another barrier to effective communication about circumcision is that many pro-intact advocates are confused about their opposition .
Rosemary Romberg , founder of Gentle Beginnings , criticizes circumcision as an attack by men ( namely , doctors ) upon women ( namely , mothers ) , with the agenda being to weaken the maternal protective instinct and sabotage mother - child bonding .
To her and , apparently , to most of the activists at an international conference on circumcision , the involuntary unnecessary circumcision of boys is a patriarchal attack upon women .
There is a problem with politically correct warfare against the patriarchy .
The problem is that we do n't live in one .
Our own society is far more complex than that , with matriarchal strains running everywhere .
For example , it is almost impossible for an unwed father to win custody of his child from a stranger that the mother designates , let alone prevail over the mother herself .
If this were a patriarchy , a father 's right to his children would be direct , and would not depend upon his first establishing a legal relationship with the matriarch .
Similarly , if this were a patriarchy , it would be sperm donors rather than surrogate mothers who had the right to seek custody of their offspring .
And , if this were a patriarchy , the Amerasian children born in Vietnam would have had no difficulty entering our country .
Their legal obstacle was not that they were half - American , but rather that it was the wrong half ; children born of American mothers overseas are automatically citizens .
The list continues .
My father 's penis ...
I was far more disturbed by its difference in size
than comforted by the similarity of its mutilation .
Because of all these barriers to logical thought , excuses that people use for circumcising their sons can verge on the ridiculous .
Some people actually justify surgery in order to make their son " look like " his father .
Frankly , I never spent that much time looking at my father 's penis and , the one or two times I happened to see it , I was far more disturbed by its difference in size than comforted by the similarity of its mutilation .
Furthermore , I did n't spend a lot of time looking at my father 's clothing and appearance .
Why do n't pro-scalpel parents dress their sons the same as their fathers and shave their little heads when those fathers go bald ... to save the poor boys ' dismay at not " looking like " their fathers ?
Besides the physical complications inherent in any surgery ( infections , permanent and painful scarring , sex change operations necessitated by botched amputations of the penis , and even death ) , there is untold emotional trauma .
We know that children learn even at the young age of the circumcision victim and we know that childhood traumas can be the most difficult to resolve .
What inevitable lessons do boys learn about their sexuality and about the world when they are strapped down and , despite their
screams of helpless terror , a stranger slices their genitals ?
Circumcision is not at the top of the list of men's issues only because even more serious men's problems have been allowed to fester and grow .
But , if it were done to girls instead of boys , it would certainly be near the top of the list of women 's issues .
Men are now beginning to develop ... outrage over the violation of their bodies
... and ... to express that outrage .
Risky , painful , unnecessary surgery perpetrated upon millions of unwilling female victims would be stopped .
Sexual assault , culminating in irreversible mutilation and the amputation of a protective and pleasurable organ , would be stopped .
Denying women the right to make a fundamental and personal choice about their own bodies and , instead , giving the power of decision to people who have absolutely no personal stake would be stopped .
Men are now beginning to develop the same sense of outrage over the violation of their bodies that women feel , and equally important , men are beginning to express that outrage .
Even though the victims are " only males , " it is time to join the rest of the industrialized Western world and halt this primitive but profitable ritual .
Frederic Hayward is a Jewish father and Executive Director of Men's Rights , Inc. in Sacramento , CA .
Top of Page | Home | Updates | FAQ | Research | Education | Advocacy | Litigation | Search | Ideas | For Media | Videos | Bookstore | FactFinder
Your Rights | Attorneys for the Rights of the Child | Video Excerpt | Dads | FGC Experts | Position Statement | Harm Form | Class Action
Having trouble scoring a date ?
Do the villagers keep knocking on your door with lit torches and pitchforks in hand ?
Not to worry , there are plenty of gadgets out there that can help get you cleaned up , toned up and * ahem * beefed up for the ladies .
But remember , it 's not just about looks or how successful you are  women will see right past that to your inner beauty  your sparkling personality .
Hahaha !
Seriously though ... these 10 gadgets can work wonders .
Grooming :
Advertisement
Mangroomer : Alright guys , let 's start with the basics .
You are never going to find a woman that finds it erotic to run her hands through your back hair .
None of this " take me as I am " bs ... shave it off with a Mangroomer electric shaver .
You are making everyone sick there , Chewbacca .
[ Amazon via Link ]
Advertisement
Goatee Saver : Moving around to the front , we have a contraption designed to keep your goatee neat and clean for the ladies .
Just bite down on the clip inside to hold it in place and adjust the frame to the desired width using the gears .
Do n't expect miracles , though .
Not everyone can work a goatee as well as Mark Wilson and I. [ GoateeSaver via Link ]
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Just Kitting Kit : Traveling downtown we have a grooming kit specially designed to not only manage your excessive pubic hair growth , but turn it into a work of art .
Each kit comes with a set of stencils that allow you to shape your pubes into patterns like a heart and a star .
Unfortunately , there are no balloons , moons , rainbows , horseshoes , hats or pots of gold .
[ Makeup ]
Advertisement
Sunshower Deluxe :
If I have to tell you that taking a shower once in awhile is essential for attracting the ladies , there may not be any hope for you .
Nonetheless , I will forge ahead with Sentavi's Sunshower Deluxe .
It not only gets you clean , it also leaves you with a golden brown tan .
[ Sentavi via Link ] Exercise :
Advertisement
Treadmill Desk :
You 're fat  there is no getting around it .
Sometimes you just have to suck it up and exercise .
Fortunately a number of options exist that are aimed squarely at nerds .
This treadmill desk with its five - display setup definitely falls into that category .
[ Link ]
Advertisement
Springflex UB :
The treadmill handled your cardio routine , now the Springflex will handle your strength training .
As you can see , you never have to leave your precious computer when you do a workout .
All you have to do is clamp the Springflex arms to your desk and get crackin ' on those puny biceps .
[ Skymall ]
Advertisement
Garmin Forerunner 405 : If you can't afford a personal trainer , the Garmin Forerunner 405 may be the next best thing .
Users can record data regarding speed , distance , heart rate and location ( using built - in GPS ) as well as info about courses , goals and specific workouts .
It even wirelessly syncs to your computer when you enter the room .
[ Link ]
Advertisement
Abdominal Etching :
All the exercise and dieting in the world may not get you that six - pack that you have always wanted .
That 's where medical science comes to the rescue .
In addition to standard liposuction , abdominal etching involves sculpting grooves in the fat layers to emphasize muscle .
[ Link ] Deception :
Advertisement
Wonderjock :
If basic grooming , exercise and plastic surgery are not enough , you could go the extra mile and try to throw women off .
For example : the Wonderjock is quite literally a Wonderbra for men .
It separates and lifts , pushing your manhood forward  which gives the appearance of enhanced size .
Rumor has it that Ewan McGregor bought a ton of them .
[ Aussiebum ]
Advertisement
Ugly Bags :
Okay guys , it 's the end of the line .
If all else fails just put on an ugly bag , turn down the lights and find a woman with poor eyesight .
[ MyStore ]
Warum Fitbit ?
Erfahre , wie Menschen auf der ganzen
Welt ihr Leben mit Fitbit verndert haben
Updated at 11:55 p.m. EDT , July 28 , 2008
Four female suicide bombers staged attacks in two different cities today , killing and wounding hundreds of Iraqis .
One attack targeted religious pilgrims , while the other focused on political demonstrators .
Overall , at least 87 Iraqis were killed and 288 more were wounded across the country .
No Coalition deaths were reported .
In Baghdad , three female suicide bombers blew themselves up among Shiite pilgrims in the Karrada neighborhood .
At least 32 were killed and 102 were wounded in the attack .
The casualties were mostly women and children heading to the Imam Kadhim shrine in the northern Baghdad of Kadhimiya .
Security forces feared the use of women in suicide attacks , but Islamic custom forbids the touching of women by unrelated men , so 200 women were searching an expected million pilgrims for potential bombers .
The bombings occurred separately but within minutes of each other .
One attacker apparently left her bomb behind at a tent .
Also , 50 suspects were arrested and 20 bombs were defused .
Meanwhile , four bank robbers were captured .
Another female suicide bomber attacked a political rally in Kirkuk .
The explosion and subsequent police gunfire caused a stampede .
Then , angry Kurds attacked Turkman political party offices , blaming the minority group for the bombing .
The attack and ensuing chaos left 38 dead and another 178 wounded .
Demonstrators were protesting a provincial election law that passed in parliament last week , but was then rejected by Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , who is a Kurd .
At issue , is a power sharing scheme for the oil - rich and ethnically diverse province .
The law would not only spell out how power will be shared but also permit provincial elections to take place in October .
Arabs , Turkmen , and Christians live there along with a majority Kurdish population who would like the province to politically join the Kurdish Autonomous Region .
In Mosul , violent security operations left four Iraqi soldiers and four suspects dead ; 58 suspects were detained .
As many as six Iraqi soldiers were wounded alongside a Coalition soldier .
A female government official was shot dead in eastern Mosul , while a civilian was killed in a central neighborhood .
A female body was discovered .
Also , two policemen were wounded in an attack in northern Mosul .
An Awakening Council member was killed during a clash in Latifiyah .
A female body bearing gunshots and handcuffs was found in a river near Mussayab .
A bomb in Balad Ruz killed four people .
Five people were arrested in Amara .
In Muqdadiya , the deputy governor of Diyala province was detained then released .
In Samarra , eight suspects were detained .
Two suspects were arrested in Diwaniyah .
Five suspects were captured in Basra .
Thirty al - Qaeda suspects were detained across northern and central Iraq .
Kurdistan Worker s Party ( PKK ) spokesmen denied their involvement in yesterday s bombing in Istanbul and attributed the attack to hardline Turkish nationalists .
No one has claimed responsibility but Turkish officials suspect PKK rebels , who are fighting for self - rule in eastern Turkey .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
As people age , their cells become less efficient at getting rid of damaged protein  resulting in a buildup of toxic material that is especially pronounced in Alzheimer 's , Parkinson 's disease , and other neurodegenerative disorders .
Now , for the first time , scientists at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University have prevented this age - related decline in an entire organ  the liver  and shown that , as a result , the livers of older animals functioned as well as they did when the animals were much younger .
Published in the online edition of Nature Medicine , these findings suggest that therapies for boosting protein clearance might help stave off some of the declines in function that accompany old age .
The study 's senior author was Dr. Ana Maria Cuervo , associate professor in the departments of developmental & molecular biology , medicine and anatomy & structural biology at Einstein .
The cells of all organisms have several surveillance systems designed to find , digest and recycle damaged proteins .
Many studies have documented that these processes become less efficient with age , allowing protein to gradually accumulate inside cells .
But aging researchers continue debating whether this protein buildup actually contributes to the functional losses of aging or instead is merely associated with those losses .
The Einstein study was aimed at resolving the controversy .
One of these surveillance systems  responsible for handling 30 percent or more of damaged cellular protein  uses molecules known as chaperones to seek out damaged proteins .
After finding such a protein , the chaperone ferries it towards one of the cell 's many lysosomes  membrane - bound sacs filled with enzymes .
When the chaperone and its cargo " dock " on a receptor molecule on the lysosome 's surface , the damaged protein is drawn into the lysosome and rapidly digested by its enzymes .
In previous work , Dr. Cuervo found that the chaperone surveillance system , in particular , becomes less efficient as cells become older , resulting in a buildup of undigested proteins within the cells .
She also detected the primary cause for this age - related decline : a fall - off in the number of lysosomal receptors capable of binding chaperones and their damaged proteins .
Could replenishing lost receptors in older animals maintain the efficiency of this protein - removal system throughout an animal 's lifespan and , perhaps , maintain the function of the animal 's cells and organs as well ?
To find out , Dr. Cuervo created a transgenic mouse model equipped with an extra gene  one that codes for the receptor that normally declines in number with increasing age .
Another genetic manipulation allowed Dr. Cuervo to turn on this extra gene only in the liver and at a time of her choosing , merely by changing the animals ' diet .
To keep the level of the receptor constant throughout life , Dr. Cuervo waited until mice were six months old ( the age that the chaperone system 's efficiency begins to decline ) before turning on the added receptor gene .
When the mice were examined at 22 to 26 months of age ( equivalent to approximately 80 years old in humans ) , the liver cells of transgenic mice digested and recycled protein far more efficiently than in their normal counterparts of the same age  and , in fact , just as efficiently as in normal six - month old mice .
Does maintaining efficient protein clearance in liver cells of an older animal translate into better functioning for the liver as a whole ?
Since a key function of the liver is metabolizing chemicals , Dr. Cuervo answered this question by injecting a muscle relaxant into very old transgenic mice and very old normal mice .
The very old transgenic mice metabolized the muscle relaxant much more quickly than very old normal mice and at a rate comparable to young normal mice .
" Our study showed that functions can be maintained in older animals so long as damaged proteins continue to be efficiently removed  strongly supporting the idea that protein buildup in cells plays an important role in aging itself , " says Dr. Cuervo .
" Even more important , these results show that it 's possible to correct this protein ' logjam ' that occurs in our cells as we get older , thereby perhaps helping us to enjoy healthier lives well into old age . "
Dr. Cuervo next plans to study animal models of Alzheimer 's , Parkinson's and other neurodegenerative brain diseases to see whether maintaining efficient protein clearance in the brain might help in treating them .
" Most people with these conditions are born with a mutation that gives rise to defective proteins , but they do n't experience symptoms until later in life , " says Dr. Cuervo .
" We think that 's because their protein - clearance systems can handle abnormal proteins when the person is younger but get overwhelmed as their efficiency falls with age .
By preventing this decline in protein clearance , we may be able to keep these people free of symptoms for a longer time . "
Dr. Cuervo will also investigate whether maintaining efficient protein clearance in all the body 's tissues will influence longevity and prevent the functional losses associated with growing old .
" There 's reason to hope that drugs exerting a similar effect throughout the body may help us enjoy healthier lives well into old age , " says Dr. Cuervo .
Meanwhile , she notes , evidence is mounting that two dietary interventions  low - fat and calorie - restricted diets  help cells to maintain efficient protein clearance .
Source : Albert Einstein College of Medicine
Explore further Establishing guides for molecular counting using fluorescent proteins
Dubai dazzles , but it also confuses .
It appears to offer a straight deal  work hard and make money .
It is filled with inequities and exploitation .
It is a land of rules : no smoking , no littering , no speeding , no drinking and driving .
But it also dares everyone to defy limitations .
There is the Burj Dubai , a glass tower that will be the tallest in the world .
There is the Dubai Mall , which will be the biggest in the world .
There are artificial islands shaped into a palm tree design ( they said it could nt be done ) and an indoor ski slope .
There is talk of a new hotel , the biggest yet in Dubai , that will cool the hot sand for its guests .
There is credit , and there are credit cards , for anyone with a job .
There are no taxes .
 They should give you an introduction when you arrive ,  said Hamza Abu Zanad , 28 , who moved to Dubai from Jordan about 18 months ago and now works in real estate .
 It is very disorienting .
I felt lost .
There are fancy cars , but do nt speed .
You can have prostitutes , but do nt get caught with a woman .
I was driving along the beach and there were flashes  I thought someone was taking my picture . 
The flashes turned out to be surveillance cameras .
He was speeding .
The next day the police called and told him to pay his fines , he said , still laughing at his initial innocence .
He had lived for years in Canada and graduated from college there .
He spoke English , drank beer , dated women , lifted weights , lived a Western - style life , but felt culturally out of sync .
 At Christmas I was lonely ,  Mr. Abu Zanad said one day with a beer in one hand and the tube of a Turkish water pipe in the other .
 Everyone is celebrating , but international students do nt know what s going on . 
In this way , Dubai offers another prescription for promoting moderation .
It offers a chance to lead a modern life in an Arab Islamic country .
Mr. Abu Zanad raised his beer high , almost in a toast , and said he liked being able to walk through a mall and still hear the call to prayer .
 We like that it s free and it still has Arab heritage ,  he said  It s not religion , it s the culture , the Middle Eastern culture . 
 The Arabs have a future here ,  said his best friend , Bilal Hamdan .
 Where are we going to go back to ?
Egypt ? Jordan ?
This is the future . 
Up to 13,000 Toronto residents are returning home after they were forced to flee a massive fire at a propane facility .
A Toronto firefighter died near the scene of the blaze , and an employee at the plant is missing .
Bob Leek , a 25 - year veteran firefighter , was surveying an area close to the fire at Sunrise Propane Industrial Gases when he died .
" Every effort was made to resuscitate him .
However we do regret to inform everyone that we did lose one of our members today , " Division Chief David Sheen told reporters late Sunday afternoon .
Leek appears to have died from natural causes , but an autopsy is expected .
" It was not a traumatic injury ; he was n't impacted by anything .
It was just in the course of him performing some operations that he went down , " said Sheen , who personally knew Leek , a district chief of emergency planning .
" It 's hard , " he added , visibly shaken by the death .
" I 'm sure that all of our guys are having a rough time with it . "
Toronto Mayor David Miller had earlier said his " thoughts and prayers " were with the firefighter 's family .
Dan Ronen , a spokesperson for Sunrise Propane Industrial Gases , said he had no idea why fireballs erupted from the plant early Sunday morning , triggering the fire .
" At present , we do not know anything about how the explosions occurred and we are waiting to learn about its cause , " he said .
Ronen also told reporters that one of the plant 's employees , Parminder Saini , is still missing .
He said he was praying that Saini was still alive and , if so , pleaded for the worker to contact authorities .
Thousands of people living within 1.6 kilometres of the fire had to flee their homes early Sunday , but by evening they were told it was safe to return .
There were minor injuries associated with the blast and police are still trying to determine the status of one missing person , an employee of the business -- Sunrise Propane Industrial Gases .
There were workers at the facility , which operates 24 hours per day .
Cabbies driving propane - powered vehicles often use it to fill up .
However , the situation at the propane facility itself is now under control .
Sections of the 401 Highway , one of the country 's busiest , are slowly being reopened between the 400 Highway , a major artery leading north out of Toronto , and the Don Valley Parkway .
Ontario Provincial Police spokesperson Sgt. Cam
Wooley said it may have been the first time in Toronto that such a large section of the 401 had been closed both ways .
" I 've been with the OPP for 30 years and this is the first time I 've ever seen the entire 401 through Toronto closed .
It 's a 16 - kilometre stretch , " he said .
The sounds of multiple booming blasts woke up people living in North York around Keele Street and Wilson Avenue between 3:30 a.m. and 4 a.m .
Fire officials determined that the explosion originated from the Sunrise facility on Murray Road .
The blast sparked a six - alarm blaze , with about 200 firefighters and 35 pieces of equipment on scene to fight the fire .
When they arrived on the scene , four propane tanks were engulfed in flames .
Firefighters tried to cool the rail tankers to keep them from exploding .
The rail tankers -- which were venting -- can hold up to 220,000 litres of propane , but it was n't known if they were full , according to Division Commander Bob O'Hallarn of Toronto Fire .
" These tanks are well - designed and generally are quite safe , " he said .
" We 'll have to investigate to see what happened . "
Giant fireballs
Several people reported minor injuries as the blast blew out windows and caused major damage to several homes .
Police said one person was unaccounted for , but investigators gave no further details .
He appears to be an employee at the propane facility .
The blast lit up the area with giant orange fireballs , sent smoke billowing into the sky and could reportedly be heard dozens of kilometres away .
" It was just a tremendous explosion and blew all the windows out of the house , just blew the house up , and I just managed to get out of there in time , '' said area resident Robert Helman .
" My windows just cracked and they blew out , '' said Ricardo Oliveria , 24 .
" My whole room lights up orange and I look out .
I live on the top floor so I had a perfect view .
And I just seen a huge ball of flame hundreds of metres in the sky , big black pillars of smoke .
We got freaked out .
My family woke up .
They thought it was a plane that went down . "
O'Hallarn said his firefighters found some vehicles on fire in the area and damage to houses across the street when they arrived at the scene .
" So far we have not found anyone injured ( in the houses ) , " he said .
Evacuees
Fire officials said residents living in a 1.6 - kilometre radius around the plant had been evacuated over concerns about explosions from the tankers .
Businesses in the area were forced to close .
Evacuees were taken to York University , at Keele Street and Steeles Avenue , where Salvation Army volunteers served them a hot meal .
The Red Cross and the Humane Society were also at York University to help people and pets in need .
" I do n't think it will be days ( before the evacuees can return home ) , I think it will be hours but if we run into problems that we can't foresee , then it might take longer , " O'Hallarn said .
Despite the risk , officials said at least two people refused to leave their homes .
Elaine Smyer , with the city 's emergency planning department , was at York University overseeing the evacuees .
She told reporters at the scene that crisis councillors were made available to residents who were traumatized by the early morning blast .
With files from The Canadian Press
Vermont AG Candidate Promises to Prosecute President Bush for Murder
One of the moonbat capitals of the country is Vermont and this is more proof of why .
Charlotte Dennett is running for attorney general of Vermont and she has promised to bring charges against President Bush for murder .
She is even going to hire the man who prosecuted Charlie Manson ( Vincent Bugliosi ) to handle the investigation .
Now the way I understand it it is the job of the attorney general of a state to prosecute state cases , I do nt understand how a federal  murder  case would fall within her jurisdiction .
She would be better off in my opinion worrying about the state of Vermont .
Somebody needs to remind the far left , radical moonbats that there is no need to run against George W. Bush , he is nt going to be on the ballot .
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A TEENAGER who was falsely accused of rape has spoken of how the allegation turned his life upside down .
Graeme McCombie , 19 , said he may never recover from the appalling lies told by former school mate Jenna Lindsay , 20 .
Last week , appeal judges overturned a two - month jail sentence imposed on Lindsay after she was convicted of wasting police time .
Graeme said he was angry that judges decided instead to put her on probation for two years .
" After everything she put me through , she deserved to go to jail , " Graeme said .
" If I had been convicted , I would have been put in prison , put on the sex offenders ' register and had my life ruined for something I had n't done . "
The nightmare began for Graeme on July 21 last year , when his sister invited him to a gathering of friends at Lindsay 's cousin 's house in Brechin , Angus .
After a few drinks , Lindsay became increasingly flirtatious with Graeme and they moved from the living room to a bedroom where they had sex .
Graeme said : " I had been at school with her , but I did n't know her that well .
She was the one who made the moves .
We both had a good bit to drink and we had sex . "
Graeme then went to get some water and while he was away , Lindsay ran out of the house , telling her cousin that Graeme had raped her .
Graeme said : " She had been fine when I left her .
The first I knew of her rape claim was from her cousin .
" Her cousin did n't believe her , but I was in a state of shock .
I could n't get my head round someone saying something like that about me .
" I am a decent guy , I am easy going , not controlling or aggressive at all . "
It emerged that Lindsay had turned up at the home of her grandfather , claiming she had been raped and her parents called the police .
CID arrived at her cousin's house and took Graeme to the police station .
" When I was in the police car I was panicking , " said Graeme .
" I had never been in trouble with the police and I thought I was going to be charged with a crime I had n't committed . "
Graeme was a trainee mechanic with no criminal record and he was a popular , placid young man .
He was horrified when he was placed in a police cell for six hours with nothing to eat or drink .
He was interviewed by officers for an hour and then taken for an intimate medical examination , where swabs were taken .
" It was so degrading , " he said .
" I was humiliated and I felt disgusted .
When they put me back in the cells , I was close to tears . "
Eventually his father , a prison officer , came to the station to pick him up .
Graeme said : " My dad knew I would never do anything like that .
It never crossed the mind of anyone in my family that I was anything but innocent . "
Graeme was signed off work for three weeks with stress and became a virtual recluse .
He said : " I was getting threats from her friends and I was too scared go out because of what people might think .
" I was down because I knew if they put me in prison , I would n't survive .
I 'm not a criminal .
I knew I could n't cope with being in jail . "
In the meantime , police realised there were inconsistencies in Lindsay 's story and quizzed her during a series of interviews .
She said she could n't remember much of what happened , but still insisted Graeme had " taken advantage of her " .
But after intensive questioning she eventually admitted she had lied .
Lindsay had been going out with an " older " boyfriend for five years , who was the father of her three - year - old daughter .
She claimed she had been hysterical because she had been unfaithful .
Ten police officers had been involved in the case at a substantial cost to the taxpayer , so Lindsay was charged with wasting police time .
Graeme was told he would n't be charged , but he remains shattered by the whole experience .
Sheriff Kevin Veal ordered that Lindsay spend 60 days in Cornton Vale after he decided there was a need to " send out a strong public message that such conduct will not be tolerated " .
Although Lindsay was five months pregnant , she would have been released long before her baby 's due date in August .
Sheriff Veal said she had shown little sympathy for Graeme and did n't care about the impact of false allegations on genuine rape victims .
But last week judges at the Justiciary Appeal Court in Edinburgh overturned the sentence , after her defence counsel argued that the Sheriff should have taken into consideration the fact that Lindsay could be viewed as " vulnerable " .
The court heard she had a troubled background and alcohol issues .
Lindsay is now on probation after spending only eight days in prison .
But the torment still continues for Graeme .
He lost his apprenticeship because he was unable to concentrate at work .
As a result , he was robbed of his dream of becoming a mechanic .
Graeme said : " I was doing really well in my apprenticeship , but she ruined it for me . "
He still has sleepless nights and feels nervous around women .
He said : " I would never chat up a girl .
I have no confidence . "
Graeme is now working as a painter and decorator , but fears it will take him years to recover .
" I know she admitted she lied , but I still worry about people talking about me , " said Graeme .
" I will never , ever forget it and I will never forgive Jenna for what she has done . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israeli police say they have arrested two Jewish settlers over an apparent assault of Palestinians that was filmed as part of a human rights project .
An adult male and a minor were arrested in Susia settlement overnight and will appear in court on Tuesday .
B'Tselem human rights group has been giving Palestinians video cameras as part of its Shooting Back scheme .
The footage shot on 8 June shows four masked figures walk up to some shepherds and attack them with clubs .
The settlers gave us a 10 - minute warning to clear off from the land
Thamam al - Nawaja
An elderly Palestinian and his wife were hospitalised after the incident and their nephew was wounded .
The wife , Thamam al - Nawaja , said the settlers had given them 10 minutes to leave an area where they were grazing their animals ; when they refused to move the settlers came and beat them .
The footage , which the BBC was given exclusive access to , was shot by Mrs Nawaja 's daughter - in - law , who dropped the camera after the initial blows .
Friction Ms Nawaja 's injuries were a fractured cheek bone and a broken arm .
Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told the BBC News website that the arrests were made as a result of enquiries at Susia settlement , near the flashpoint West Bank city of Hebron , and the investigation would continue .
He said police were examining the footage closely .
They were inquiring into the whether there had been any " provocation " for the apparent attack and whether all the Palestinians in the footage where indeed shepherds .
Friction between Israeli settlers and local Palestinians frequently erupts into violence .
Human rights groups say the Israeli police and the judiciary often show leniency towards the settlers , who live on land captured by Israel in the 1967 war with support from the Israeli state .
The authorities deny such accusations .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I just , I m speechless watching this .
The transcript is after the video , below .
Katie Couric asks her a simple question :
What magazines or newspapers did you read regularly before being picked for VP ?
Palin ca nt name one .
She does say , however , that she s  read most of them . 
Most of them ?
What does she think , we re talking about how many flavors of Ben & Jerry s she s ever tried ?
There are 1,422 daily newspapers in the US and 6,253 weeklies .
And I ca nt even begin to count the number of magazines .
Sarah Palin would like us to believe that she s read  most of them  ?
She then gets all defensive about how Alaska is nt a foreign country or something .
Okay .
But Couric kept asking her , okay , can you just name one that you ve read .
Palin could nt name any .
I mean , seriously , she could nt name her local town paper , the big paper from Anchorage ( the Anchorage Daily News ) , she never goes online and reads AP or Reuters ?
Never read Newsweek or TIME ?
I mean , seriously , why is she incapable of giving patently obvious answers to patently easy questions ?
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRkWebP2Q0Y]
COURIC : And when it comes to establishing your world view , I was curious , what newspapers and magazines did you regularly read , before you were tapped for this , to stay informed and to understand the world ?
PALIN : I ve read most of them again with a great appreciation for the press for the media , I mean 
COURIC : Like what ones specifically ?
I m curious that you 
PALIN : Um , all of em , any of em that um have been in front of me over all these years , um 
COURIC : Can you name any of them ?
PALIN : I have a vast variety of sources where we get our news too .
Alaska is nt a foreign country where it s kind of suggested it seems like , wow how could you keep in touch with what the rest of Washington , DC may be thinking and doing , when you live up there in Alaska .
Believe me , Alaska is like a microcosm of America .
17 settembre 2008
Se Internet  pericoloso anche per Miss Italia
Non si sa bene cosa volesse dire la psicoterapeuta Maria Rita Parsi al Dopo Miss sabato notte , dopo la premiazione di Miriam Leoni , la spigliata " rossa " catanese che sta suscitando un grande interesse per la evidente ricrescita color castano dei capelli , per la sua magrezza forse fuorviante forse no , per quel suo modo " diverso " di rappresentare la bellezza nazional popolare .
Molto sex and the city ha osservato una giornalista , Miriam sta dividendo gli italiani tra i pro-fili ed i pro-petto , cos come del resto sta facendo la bionda Benedetta Mazza di Parma , eliminata a dieci passi dal traguardo ...
Ebbene , piuttosto che chiacchierare su questi effimeri aspetti della questione MissmiaCaraMiss come io poc'anzi , Maria Rita Parsi ha tentato un discorso rimasto appunto sospeso , quasi incompreso .
Non ha avuto il modo n il tempo di  definirlo  .
Carlo Conti ad un certo punto le ha tolto il microfono .
Ma che stava dicendo ?
Rivolgendosi alla neoeletta reginetta della bellezza italiana ed tutte le ragazze nella sala , piuttosto che soffermarsi su uno qualsiasi dei tormentoni del festival della bellezza e dintorni , dalle pillole dimagranti alla famiglia , all 'importanza di mangiar bene che , come sottolineato dalla Miriam dai capelli rossi , fa la differenza ( quando si mangia ) , la psicoterapeuta , che a Salsomaggiore ha senz ' altro conosciuto le ragazze meglio di noi , ha accennato ad un certo mondo virtuale , ( questo nostro forse ? ) dicendo pressappoco : " Queste ragazze vivono anche il mondo virtuale , vanno comprese anche in questo ... perch ora c' la chat , ci sono i videofonini , youtube e sono cose pericolose , attenzione , molto molto pericolose " .
Per difetto nei tempi e nei modi , a quegli italiani abbandonati indolenti sul divano o sotto le lenzuola , lo scorso sabato notte  stato recapitato , quasi senza che se ne rendessero conto , un messaggio preciso : Internet  pericoloso .
Non  la prima volta che qualcuno si esprime in questi termini parlando del web nel corso di una trasmissione televisiva .
Lo aveva fatto Bruno Vespa ad esempio , nel suo porta a porta : Internet  un mondo spaventoso .
Aveva allarmato con il suo solito stile .
Chiss cosa voleva dire di preciso , lui che internet lo conoscer poco ma pare non abbia resistito come noi altri a quella piovra di Facebook , cos come tanti giornalisti ed esperti di comunicazione che avrebbero la possibilit di cercare e portare fuori dalla rete , nelle case degli italiani , opportunit storie che non parlino quasi solo di bullismo , pornografia , ricatti , abbandoni coniugali , furto della privacy .()
Non che abbiano tutti i torti .
Mica tutto emoticon da questa parte .
Io , ad esempio non ricordo pi quale sia il mio nome vero .
Vivo  spezzata  in nick diversi in community varie i cui membri hanno sempre qualcosa da dire , da mostrare , da condividere .
Leggo quello che riesco alla velocit della luce , muovendo gli occhi su tutto lo schermo e spesso perdo il filo , il mio soprattutto .
Sono un pensiero che si snoda o forse un nodo qualunque di una rete mobile , flessibile ed infinita che , qui dentro ,  l'unica cosa che mi consente di esistere .
Ma se il qui  pericoloso il fuori  lo  molto ma molto di pi , soprattutto se lo guardo dalla tv .
Non so poi se esista davvero un dentro ed un fuori .
Non potrei mai essere nodo , n pensiero , se non fossi prima di tutto persona .
Questo mondo virtuale , quello cui forse accennava la dottoressa Parsi , per me non esiste .
Mi fa male la schiena se sto troppo seduta ed il dolore  reale .
Comunque la veda io , comunque la vediate voi che state leggendo , che usiate questo strumento con criterio o con ossessione , con parsimonia o con passione , che ci lavoriate o paghiate le bollette o che , piuttosto , attendendo che il vostro amico preferito si connetta gi vi batte il cuore , prendetene coscienza : alcuni ci mostrano cos , indifesi vittime delle difficolt della rete , in balia delle sue perversioni .
Perch ?
Beh , ognuno tenta di portare acqua al suo mulino .
L'importante  usare la propria testa e comprendere che non tutto quello che dice la televisione  vero .
Raccomandazione banale e scontata ?
Forse , ma per noi ...
A suggerirmela il simpatico Claudio Cecchetto , incontrato inaspettatamente alla conferenza stampa di presentazione di Codice Internet ( www.codiceinternet.it) lo scorso quattro settembre , a Milano .
codice internet miss italia cecchetto web televisione bruno vespa
| inviato da
| inviato da MissCoccinS il 17/9/2008 alle 17:35 | |
Thanks to undeconstructed from #vala at irc.gimp.net
In the last few weeks I ve been playing around with Vala , and enjoying it .
 What the heck is Vala  , you might ask , and of course you will get an explanation .
Not only because Vala , though still in its infancy , has nt gotten the attention it deserves .
Vala is , in some sense , a new programming language .
It s syntax and structure leans heavily towards C#. As Jrg Billeter , the mastermind behind Vala , likes to put it ; Vala is an amalgam of different C inspired languages , mostly C++ and C# .
An though there is no mercury in this mixture , you ll find many a gold nugget in Vala .
 Why another programming language ?
Are nt there enough out there yet ?  might be your next question .
And of course this also deserves an explanation .
Yes , there is an awful lot of programming languages out there .
But what makes Vala special is it s unique combination of high - level programming and low - level interface .
You see ; even though Vala supports modern programming language features like objects , foreach - loops , generics , annotations , memory management and exception handling , Vala is very slim .
It does nt require a virtual machine .
Indeed ; Vala compiles are binary compatible to C .
You can use C libraries from within Vala , you can even use Vala libraries from C .
That s because Vala , at it s core , still builds upon the foundations of C .
But more on that later .
First , let s take a look at a piece of Vala code .
int main ( string [ ] argv ) { stdout .
printf ( " Hello , World !
" ) ; return ( 0 ) ; }
Well , that does look familiar , does nt it ?
All control structures ( for-loop , while - loop , switch / case , if / else ,  ) behave like their C counterparts .
Vala is very much like C , although there are some peculiarities .
Like that string - datatype , and that stdout - whatsit .
Having stored this piece of code in a file called hell o0.vala , it can be compiled :
valac hello0.vala
No rocket science thus far .
The resulting binary can be executed and will result in following output :
$./ hello0 Hello , World !
Now that we have made ourselves a little bit comfortable with the Vala tool chain , let s take a look at some of the more interesting features Vala has to offer .
That string data type , for example .
In our main function , we ve defined a single input parameter .
string [ ] argv ; an array of strings .
But other than simple C arrays , this is not only a block of continuous memory .
It s an object by itself and thus has properties we can inspect .
It s length , for example .
int main ( string [ ] argv ) { stdout .
printf ( " Argument vector length : %i
" , argv.length ) ; return ( 0 ) ; }
There is more .
Using the foreach - loop we can even iterate over this array .
int main ( string [ ] argv ) { foreach ( string arg in argv ) { stdout .
printf ( " Argument : %s " , arg ) ; } return ( 0 ) ; }
Neat , is nt it ?
But Vala has even more to offer .
Like Classes .
Everyone likes classes , so let s make some !
Animals are always good for examples , so I ll use them as well .
public class Animal { public string name ; public bool can_fly ; public bool can_swim ; public bool can_walk ; public string noise ; public string make_noise ( ) { return ( this.noise ) ; } } int main ( string [ ] argv ) { Animal dog0 = new Animal ( ) ; dog0.can_fly = false ; dog0.can_walk = true ; dog0.can_swim = true ; dog0.noise = " Whuff " ; dog1.can_fly = false ; dog1.can_walk = true ; dog1.can_swim = true ; dog1.noise = " Whuff " ; stdout.printf ( " dog0 : %s " , dog1.make_noise ( ) ) ; stdout.printf ( " dog1 : %s " , dog1.make_noise ( ) ) ; }
This little example already shows some features of Vala .
Obviously there are classes , with members and methods .
But this example is nt very sophisticated .
Let s try something more interesting .
For example , let s replace those booleans with a bitmap , bring in some generics and inheritance .
public enum Locomotion { NONE = 0 , WALK = 1 , SWIM = 2 , FLY = 4 , EVERYTHING = Locomotion .
WALK | Locomotion .
SWIM | Locomotion .
FLY } public abstract class Animal : Object { public string noise { public get ; construct ; } public Locomotion locomotion { public get ; construct ; } public string make_noise ( ) { return this .
noise ; } construct { this .locomotion = Locomotion .
NONE ; this .noise = " " ; } public abstract string introduce ( ) ; } public class Dog : Animal { public string name { private get ; construct ; } Dog ( string name ) { this .
name = name ; } construct { this .locomotion = Locomotion .
WALK | Locomotion .
SWIM ; this .noise = " Whuff " ; } public override string introduce ( ) { return ( " My name is " + this .name ) ; } } public class Finch : Animal { construct { this .locomotion = Locomotion .
WALK | Locomotion .
FLY ; this .noise = " Tchirp " ; } public override string introduce ( ) { return ( " Buggeroff " ) ; } } public class Fish : Animal { construct { this .locomotion = Locomotion .
SWIM ; this .
noise = " Blubb " ; } public override string introduce ( ) { return ( this.noise ) ; } } public class Bass :
Fish { public string name { public get ; construct ; } Bass ( string name ) { this .
name = name ; } public override string introduce ( ) { return ( " I am " + this .name ) ; } } int main ( string [ ] argv ) { List < Animal > a_list = new List < Animal > ( ) ;
Dog wulfie = new Dog ( " Wulfie " ) ; Finch bert = new Finch ( ) ; Bass bob = new Bass ( " Bob " ) ; a_list .append ( wulfie ) ; a_list .append ( bert ) ; a_list .append ( bob ) ; foreach ( Animal a in a_list ) { string loc = " i can " ; if ( ( a.locomotion & Locomotion .
FLY ) == Locomotion .
FLY ) loc = loc + " fly " ; else loc = loc + " 't fly " ; stdout .
printf ( " ( %s ) \t %s : %s , %s
" , a.get_type ( ) .name ( ) , a.make_noise ( ) , a.introduce ( ) , loc ) ; } return ( 0 ) ; }
As you can see , Vala supports all features you d expect from a modern programming language .
Classes , abstract classes , inheritance , generics , method overloading and so on .
And still there are many features I did nt touch in this essay , like interfaces , signals , exceptions , namespaces , access level modifiers , lambda functions and packages .
And most important ; Vala provides memory management , freeing the developers of most the hassles usually associated with low - level application programming .
So with all those fancy features , how can Vala still be compatible to C ?
It s because valac , the Vala compiler , uses the GLib type system for its underlying framework ; Vala code is translated to plain C code with hooks to GLib and ( if one uses GLib .
Object as superclass ) GObject .
This generated code in turn is compiled by GCC .
Vala applications thus are native binaries , requiring neither an interpreter nor a virtual machine .
Vala provides ( very ) complete mappings to many important Unix C libraries , such as stdlib , D - Bus , Cairo , SDL , Poppler .
And of course , with its roots deep in GLib , Vala also supports the Gtk+ framework and all related libraries .
The excellent libgee , also developed in Vala , provides array lists , hashes , sets and collections .
Use of the pkg - config system makes using libraries very easy .
And as soon as GObject introspection is in place , bindings to all kinds of scripting languages come with the package for free .
Vala , now at version 0.3.4 , is still under heavy development .
My first experiments have already uncovered some bugs , which got fixed immediately .
Vala might still need some time to come of age , but already it is picking up momentum , as the first projects start to use it .
Especially developers with an aversion towards C++ might find Vala interesting , for it links the solid GLib type and event system with an elegant syntax , providing all the necessary tools for rapid application development on a stable foundation .
Links :
Vala ( Project site )
A new survey from the Pew Internet & American Life Project , an initiative of the Pew Research Center , has come up with some intriguing results and some mundane ones .
The study , called " Teens , Video Games and Civics : Teens ' gaming experiences are diverse and include significant social interaction and civic engagement , " was meant to show the relation of civic - minded behavior , but you can learn much about the perception of gaming and how it impacts the lives of children and teenagers .
The results are interesting in that they 're banal : gaming is like going to the movies , and it's hard to draw many conclusions from the fact that someone is a gamer .
The first fact to jump out from the survey is how many people game , 97 percent of children and teenagers ages 12 to 17 claim to have played some kind of video game , with 99 percent of boys and 94 percent of girls saying they play games .
The number drops when you look at daily gamers , 65 percent of daily gamers are male while 35 percent of daily gamers are female .
The most popular genres ?
Surprisingly , racing comes in first with 74 percent of teens playing games like Mario Kart or Gran Turismo , with puzzle games a close second at 72 percent and sports games coming in third with 68 percent .
Gaming is also a social activity , with 65 percent of teens playing games with others in the room with them , while 27 percent of teens are playing online .
Eighty - two percent of teens say they play games alone , although 72 percent of gamers in that group also play games with others .
That 's a long set of numbers that prove that gaming has become a way for teens to socialize , and is more often than not a social activity with their peers , not an antisocial hobby enjoyed alone in the room .
Online gaming is also just a tool to do more socializing , as 47 percent of teens are playing online with people they know in real life .
Online gaming and ... political involvement ?
Here 's the kicker : if you 're playing games with others in the room , you 're trending slightly toward a politically active life .
If you 're playing games with others and you 're a teenager , you have a 65 percent chance of going online for political news , compared to 60 percent of those who do not .
You also have a 26 percent chance that you have persuaded others in how to vote , compared to 19 percent who do not .
OK , these are n't huge gaps , but it does seem to show that those who play games with others are slightly more engaged in politics .
Interestingly enough , teens who take part in social interactions about games , such as discussing them online , seem to be more engaged politically as well .
Eighteen percent of those teens who play games and engage in social interaction related to games have participated in protests in some manner over the last year , compared to eight percent who are n't social gamers .
That confirms a long - held belief that people who comment on game reviews are loud people who are n't interested in a real dialog ... I kid because I care .
The last important piece of information to be gained from this study was how parents viewed games , and among the respondents it does n't seem like parents had any strong reactions : 62 percent of parents whose kids play games say the gaming has n't been a positive or negative influence , with 19 percent saying it 's a positive influence .
Parents who have children who do n't play games are much more negative in their assessment , with 55 percent saying gaming is a negative influence and only three percent seeing it as a positive influence .
Data source : Pew
While the amount that gaming affects civic activities may be enough to write about , the data shows many other things about gaming : children and teens are almost all playing , they play many different kinds of games , and parents are starting to see the activity as just another way their kids spend their time .
Also , gaming is a way for teenagers to socialize .
This data also makes it more difficult to link gaming to negative , anecdotal trends .
After all , when every teenager is gaming , every teenager will be " found to be a gamer " when it suits news outlets .
Hopefully that angle will be soon extinguished by studies such as this .
Not all that long ago , America s prominent business and government leaders widely believed that our nation s prosperity depended on a strong middle class growing from the bottom up .
Workers were rewarded for their hard work with fair wages , benefits and advancement opportunities -- and our economy and our national security were much stronger for it .
Henry Ford certainly knew this , and often said that his company would prosper only if his workers earned enough to buy the Fords they produced .
And in 1953 , when General Motors  president told the Senate that  what was good for the country was good for General Motors and vice versa ,  he was simply stating the then - commonly held belief that success for American corporations generally meant success for America and American workers .
FOR THE RECORD :
Middle class : An Op - Ed article Sept. 1 said the  top 1 % of Americans  300,000 -- earn as much as the bottom 150 million combined . 
It is the top 0.1 % .
However , over the last 25 years -- especially over the last decade -- what is good for America and what is good for much of corporate America have gotten way out of sync .
Our current business culture too often emphasizes only short - term corporate profits and shareholder returns -- however and wherever they are generated -- and in the process , what is good for America is being pushed aside .
This disconnect between the national interest and corporate responsibility and interests has helped shatter the  contract with the middle class . 
And in the most painful measure of just how broken this contract is , based on data from 2005 - 2006 , the top 1 % of Americans -- 300,000 -- earn as much as the bottom 150 million combined .
Income inequality is the greatest it has been since 1928 , and for every three - year period since 1981 , the top 1 % of taxpayers have gained , on average , $ 100 billion in total earnings , while the bottom 80 % have lost $ 100 billion .
Corporate America frequently justifies its actions , however harmful those actions may be to workers and to the local and national economies , as necessary to remain competitive globally .
But globalization does nt have to mean more job insecurity , stagnant wages for workers and little or no healthcare coverage for 75 million people .
It does nt have to mean threats to move jobs overseas and slashed benefits just because multinational corporations have almost complete mobility of capital and technology and American workers have almost none .
It does nt have to mean excessive executive compensation and preferential corporate and personal taxes .
And it does nt have to mean unfair trade practices of the sort that are contributing greatly to the extreme income inequality .
Our overseas trading partners have generally gone in a completely different direction .
These countries have instead instituted economic policies to hold on to and improve the quality of their existing jobs and to induce foreign corporations to shift production facilities and technology their way .
This is particularly the case throughout Asia .
In China , for example , 60 % of its exports come from  foreign - invested companies . 
It is imperative -- way past time , in fact -- for America to be as mercantilist as are our trading partners .
We must forcefully counter the illegal subsidies , the manipulated currency exchange rates and the unfair labor and environmental practices that some of them are employing to strike at our economy .
Domestically , we must stop encouraging the offshoring of millions of American jobs through misguided corporate tax practices .
Indeed , what other country would give tax breaks to companies shipping high - quality domestic jobs overseas and hoarding their foreign profits ?
At the same time , we need to get  back to the future ,  where success for American corporations again means success for American workers , and where corporations are again managed with concurrent and equal responsibility to shareholders , workers and the public .
We must reform corporations from the inside by strengthening the voices of workers and shareholders .
And we must reform them from the outside by limiting excessive executive compensation and by increasing transparency and accountability .
The next president and Congress need to put forward and advance a new  corporate responsibility contract  based on five reforms that will help reestablish the contract with middle - class America .
We need to modernize labor laws to give workers more of a voice .
To help the 60 million workers who research says would join a union if they could , Congress must pass the proposed Employee Free Choice
Act to let workers organize when a majority of them sign union cards .
This legislation needs to apply to part - time and contract workers as well , and there must be quicker and tougher penalties for breaking labor laws .
We need to strengthen shareholders  rights , including the right to render advisory votes on executive compensation , to call shareholders  meetings , to recall a limited number of directors and to gain proxy access to candidate slates for boards of directors .
We need to ensure that pension promises are kept and make it much tougher to dissolve collective - bargaining agreements and raid pension plans .
And retirees who have lost health and pension benefits should be reimbursed with proceeds from any future asset sales .
We need to limit excessive executive compensation .
Executives should not be paid more than a reasonable multiple of average employee compensation , and , along with hedge fund and private equity managers , they should be fully taxed on their earnings at the same income tax rates that apply to their workers .
Congress must also close the tax loopholes that allow executives to shelter massive amounts of earnings using both accounts overseas and tax - free deferred compensation plans here at home .
Finally , we need to create public accountability through greater transparency .
Congress needs to enact a new corporate disclosure law requiring all major businesses to disclose , in annual reports to shareholders and regulators , easily understandable information regarding stock options , deferred compensation , pensions and personal benefits as well as information regarding their lobbying activities , political contributions , government contracts and subsidies , major environmental impacts and foreign supply - chain conditions .
Everyone needs to pitch in to help right the economic ship , not least of which are America s corporations .
Only then will a vibrant middle class growing from the bottom up again be our economic beacon and our example to the world .
Leo Hindery Jr. is currently managing partner of a New York - based media industry private equity fund .
He chairs the Smart Globalization Initiative at the New America Foundation and is an unofficial economic advisor to Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama .
The dismal science , it seems , is an optimistic profession .
Many economists , Roubini among them , argue that some of the optimism is built into the very machinery , the mathematics , of modern economic theory .
Econometric models typically rely on the assumption that the near future is likely to be similar to the recent past , and thus it is rare that the models anticipate breaks in the economy .
And if the models cant foresee a relatively minor break like a recession , they have even more trouble modeling and predicting a major rupture like a full - blown financial crisis .
Only a handful of 20th - century economists have even bothered to study financial panics .
( The most notable example is probably the late economist Hyman Minksy , of whom Roubini is an avid reader . )
 These are things most economists barely understand ,  Roubini told me .
 We re in uncharted territory where standard economic theory is nt helpful . 
True though this may be , Roubini s critics do not agree that his approach is any more accurate .
Anirvan Banerji , the economist who challenged Roubini s first I.M.F. talk , points out that Roubini has been peddling pessimism for years ; Banerji contends that Roubini s apparent foresight is nothing more than an unhappy coincidence of events .
 Even a stopped clock is right twice a day ,  he told me .
 The justification for his bearish call has evolved over the years ,  Banerji went on , ticking off the different reasons that Roubini has used to justify his predictions of recessions and crises : rising trade deficits , exploding current - account deficits , Hurricane Katrina , soaring oil prices .
All of Roubini s predictions , Banerji observed , have been based on analogies with past experience .
 This forecasting by analogy is a tempting thing to do ,  he said .
 But you have to pick the right analogy .
The danger of this more subjective approach is that instead of letting the objective facts shape your views , you will choose the facts that confirm your existing views . 
Kenneth Rogoff , an economist at Harvard who has known Roubini for decades , told me that he sees great value in Roubini s willingness to entertain possible situations that are far outside the consensus view of most economists .
 If you re sitting around at the European Central Bank ,  he said ,  and you re asking what s the worst thing that could happen , the first thing people will say is ,  Let s see what Nouriel says .   But Rogoff cautioned against equating that skill with forecasting .
Roubini , in other words , might be the kind of economist you want to consult about the possibility of the collapse of the municipal - bond market , but he is not necessarily the kind you ask to predict , say , the rise in global demand for paper clips .
His defenders contend that Roubini is not unduly pessimistic .
Jeffrey Sachs , his former adviser , told me that  if the underlying conditions call for optimism , Nouriel would be optimistic . 
And to be sure , Roubini is capable of being optimistic  or at least of steering clear of absolute worst - case prognostications .
He agrees , for example , with the conventional economic wisdom that oil will drop below $ 100 a barrel in the coming months as global demand weakens .
 I m not comfortable saying that we re going to end up in the Great Depression ,  he told me .
 I m a reasonable person . 
What economic developments does Roubini see on the horizon ?
And what does he think we should do about them ?
The first step , he told me in a recent conversation , is to acknowledge the extent of the problem .
 We are in a recession , and denying it is nonsense ,  he said .
When Jim Nussle , the White House budget director , announced last month that the nation had  avoided a recession ,  Roubini was incredulous .
For months , he has been predicting that the United States will suffer through an 18 - month recession that will eventually rank as the  worst since the Great Depression . 
Though he is confident that the economy will enter a technical recovery toward the end of next year , he says that job losses , corporate bankruptcies and other drags on growth will continue to take a toll for years .
Roubini has counseled various policy makers , including Federal Reserve governors and senior Treasury Department officials , to mount an aggressive response to the crisis .
He applauded when the Federal Reserve cut interest rates to 2 percent from 5.25 percent beginning last summer .
He also supported the Fed s willingness to engineer a takeover of Bear Stearns .
Roubini argues that the Fed s actions averted catastrophe , though he says he believes that future bailouts should focus on mortgage owners , not investors .
Accordingly , he sees the choice facing the United States as stark but simple : either the government backs up a trillion - plus dollars  worth of high - risk mortgages ( in exchange for the lenders  agreement to reduce monthly mortgage payments ) , or the banks and other institutions holding those mortgages  or the complex securities derived from them  go under .
 You either nationalize the banks or you nationalize the mortgages ,  he said .
 Otherwise , they re all toast . 
For months Roubini has been arguing that the true cost of the housing crisis will not be a mere $ 300 billion  the amount allowed for by the housing legislation sponsored by Representative Barney Frank and Senator Christopher Dodd  but something between a trillion and a trillion and a half dollars .
But most important , in Roubini s opinion , is to realize that the problem is deeper than the housing crisis .
 Reckless people have deluded themselves that this was a subprime crisis ,  he told me .
 But we have problems with credit - card debt , student - loan debt , auto loans , commercial real estate loans , home - equity loans , corporate debt and loans that financed leveraged buyouts . 
All of these forms of debt , he argues , suffer from some or all of the same traits that first surfaced in the housing market : shoddy underwriting , securitization , negligence on the part of the credit - rating agencies and lax government oversight .
 We have a subprime financial system ,  he said ,  not a subprime mortgage market . 
newswire article reporting united states actions & protests | political theory dnc rnc protests 2008 DNC protests in Denver - mass arrests monday night author : compiler Spoke with a friend in Denver on Sunday afternoon who said that people had been peppersprayed and that things were getting a little more intense .
I searched and searched mainstream media and alternative media that day to find news of this ... never found a goddamned thing anywhwere .
But there is now some coverage of Monday 's events at comeuptodenver.org - click on the button that says " new " next to " NEWS " at the top of the site .
Here is their latest press release from the Colorado Legal Eagles website ... including a somewhat interesting bias against anarchist protesters ' right to free assembly and speech here ... implying and discussing philosophical differences of opinion of whether property damage is " violence " , but never actually stating what damage was / has been caused in Denver by so - called anarchist factions ... if any .
So if no damage was caused , I must wonder why this philosophical issue was even mentioned ...
It seems as if the writer wants to see anarchists attacked at the expense of all the " innocents " ...
But nonetheless at least there 's coverage of what 's happening on the ground in this press release .
Also Colorado Indymedia is providing coverage - this press release was reposted to that site as well , at : http://www.colorado.indymedia.org/
- so if anyone wants to comment on this press release , that might be a good place to do so , where it will get more attention .
For contrast , and for access to more info , there 's a mainstream news release also posted at the end .
Citizens Question Police Strong - Arm Tactics
Press Release from Colorado Legal Eagles
August 25 , 2008
Contact : Colorado Legal Eagles
info@coloradolegaleagles.org
http://www.coloradolegaleagles.org
[ Denver , CO ] -
The quiet start to a week of protests against the Democrats at the DNC in Denver was shattered when the Denver Police over - reacted to a small group of young anarchists and opened fire with pepper bullets and pepper spray into the crowd indiscriminately .
Until the incident tonight , the major media story about the DNC protests was how few protesters actually showed up and how easy it would be for the Denver Police to keep track of them .
The pepper bullet incident happened on Monday around 7 pm when a small group of young anarchists covered their faces with bandanas , linked arms and began to march down Colfax Avenue without a permit .
The Denver Police formed a riot line , but the anarchists refused to stop , walking directly into police .
Without warning , the police responded with pepper bullets and pepper spray , rushing into the curiosity seekers who had been following the small group of anarchists and then sweeping up several hundred peaceful people who were enjoying the Festival of Democracy in Civic Center Park across the street .
Dozens of law enforcement then swept through parts of Civic Center Park , firing their pepper bullets and spray indiscriminately .
The police herded anarchists , peaceful protesters , journalists and documentary filmmakers across the park into a parking garage on 15th Street near Court Place where they were surrounded by police and held for several hours .
Other people were surrounded in Civic Center Park and tightly packed for up to 90 minutes .
Many were then released , but reports are about 100 were arrested .
Many innocent bystanders were injured , including an 80 - year - old man and several tourists .
For weeks , a group of mostly young anarchists from a group called Unconventional Action had been planning events to " reclaim the streets " through militant means .
The police may have been alerted to Monday 's action by the group 's posters , which have been promoting an event called " Everything for Everyone : Improve Your Material Conditions this Summer " , an apparent looting action that had been planned for Monday at 6 pm starting in Civic Center Park .
http://www.unconventionalaction.org/downloads/anti-capital2_11x17.pdf
http://www.unconventionalaction.org/downloads/lootin_bw.pdf
Ron Kovic , a disabled Vietnam veteran and author of the memoir Born on the Fourth of July , who is in Denver to support the peaceful protesters , was concerned by the violence .
" We must remain nonviolent .
We must have the high moral ground , " he said .
The anarchists are a very small minority of the protesters at the DNC , but they always succeed in causing trouble and giving the peaceful demonstrators a bad name .
Peaceful groups organizing DNC protests want to make it clear to the media and the public that they do not condone the violent actions of these young people .
Clearly , the anarchists were looking for trouble with the police .
However , the police clearly overreacted , as they outnumbered the anarchists by at least 20 to 1 and were much better armed .
There was no need to open fire into a crowd without warning and indiscriminately , injuring innocent people .
The police should have given the crowd more warning before it opened fire and given a chance for innocent bystanders to leave the area .
This is similar to an incident in Wyoming in July where peace activists and their children at the annual Rainbow Gathering were indiscriminately terrorized by federal law enforcement officers with pepper bullets and pepper spray without warning .
See : DNC Police Riot Preview ?
Activists Declare Zero Tolerance for Poorly - trained and Rogue Federal Agents
http://www.coloradolegaleagles.org/dnc08/dnc.pr3.html
Until this police over - reaction , for the traditional media , the biggest story of the counter - convention has been the lack of protesters attending .
Estimates of 25,000 to 50,000 protesters descending on Denver for the DNC were way off target .
At an antiwar march on Sunday , one of only a handful of large marches during the week , less than 1,000 attended .
At a rally today at the Federal Courthouse , there were only about 200 people .
All these gatherings had been peaceful with zero arrests .
With crowds this small , a handful of young unarmed anarchists should be no match for the heavily - armed Denver Police Department .
Why was there a need to open fire into a crowd without warning ?
Why could n't they have dealt with this small group of anarchists without injuring innocent bystanders ?
Instead of enjoying the small number of protesters , the Denver Police Department has decided to intimidate and terrorize all the DNC demonstrators .
At the Festival of Democracy in Civic Center Park on Monday , attended by only a few hundred people , the police presence was massive .
A report from one peace activist running an information table at the Festival said the police presence was " outrageous " and intentionally intimidating .
He said roves of armed SWAT teams constantly patrolled Civic Center Park throughout the day , and stood by his table and videotaped him at length and at close range .
There have also been police on bikes , on horseback and in vehicles .
The activist said the police were " very intimidating , like they were trying to scare us all away . "
Another report on colorado .
indymedia.org states that 5 members of the Solidarity Radical Library and Revolutionary Center from Lawrence , Kansas were arrested Monday in Denver without any reason .
The Denver Police have ruined what had been overwhelmingly peaceful protests by over - reacting to a handful of young unarmed trouble - makers and injuring innocent bystanders .
The Colorado Legal Eagles implore the police to show more restraint and use more communication to control the crowds to prevent injuring innocent bystanders and civilians .
The Colorado Legal Eagles also urge these anarchist groups to cease their intent to destroy property , defy police and use violent tactics .
These anarchists believe that property damage is not violent .
But behind every piece of property is a property owner willing to defend it , even more so in the Wild West perhaps than in other places .
Violence against the property is violence against the owner .
The anarchist 's tactics Monday resulted in nothing but innocent people being injured and an opportunity for a week of peaceful protests destroyed .
The police had to act to keep the peace , even though it has been a tense peace at best with their massive presence on the streets and intimidating tactics .
The anarchists chose to defy that tenuous peace , and nothing has been gained .
Activists are calling for protests outside of the Denver Police Department Building at 1331 Cherokee Street on Tuesday morning if all the protesters have not been released yet .
Bring drums and noisemakers .
Please call these officials and tell them you are ashamed that they could not handle a few young anarchists without hurting and terrorizing innocent people and peaceful protesters .
Chief of Police Gerald Whitman
( 720 ) 913-6527
Denver Mayor John Hickenlooper
Phone : 720-865-9000 ( Denver 311 )
Ask for the Mayor 's Office
E-mail : MileHighMayor@ci.denver.co.us
Website : www.denvergov.org/mayor
Colorado Governor Bill Ritter
Phone : ( 303 ) 866-2471
Fax : ( 303 ) 866-2003
Online feedback form
http://www.colorado.gov/apps/oit/governor/citizen/assistanceUtility/welcome.jsf
More background on this story :
http://la.indymedia.org/news/2008/08/219905.php
===============
Also posted by Colorado Legal Eagles :
The Denver Post is showing a live stream of protesters surrounded by police
just north of Civic Center Park on 15th Street .
It looks like the
protesters are being held in the underground garage of a city building .
http://www.denverpost.com/livecam
The below article said protesters have been surrounded on the 16th Street
Mall .
http://www.denverpost.com/politicswestnews/ci_10301186
Article Last Updated : 08/25/2008 08:21:03 PM
MDT
Denver police surround protesters on 15th Street near Civic Center Park .
Jason Halley / Special to The Denver Post ( THE DENVER POST | Jason Halley )
Riot police have forced a couple of hundred protesters out of Civic Center
and then blocked them before they could reach the 16th Street Mall .
Police had the protesters surrounded between Court Street and Cleveland
along 15th Street and moved up reinforcements , including at least two
armored vehicles .
They have made at least one arrest .
The standoff was continuing at 8 p.m .
Protesters and police had lined up across from one another in front of City
and County Building about 7 p.m. , the police wearing their full riot gear
and holding batons , chanting " move back , move back . "
Police used pepper spray before the mass of marchers moved back across the
park and were cut off by police behind the Sheraton Hotel .
Several downtown hotels were reported to be on lockdown .
Curiousity seekers stood outside the police cordon , outnumbering the
marchers .
Asked whether they would allow the protesters to disperse , Detective John
White , Denver Police spokesman , said that police were " trying to identify "
the protesters .
Protestors told reporters they were a mix of Tent State participants and
those identifying themselves as anti-capitalist , anti-fascist , anti-war
individuals .
The group split , with officers surrounding and detaining the group on 15th
Street , while others were pushed back by police toward Civic Center .
Once
the police organized their lines , the distance widened .
Sam Harper , 36 , of Eufaula , Okla. , said he was here to protest the war , but
he was n't prepared to be injured .
" When I saw the tear gas , I split .
I do n't need to get beat down , " Harper
said .
The detained grouped chanted in unison : " Who screams .
We scream . "
Some in the crowd outside the police lines , which included onlookers and
media , chanted : " Cops here .
Bombs there .
U.S. out of everywhere . "
" Speech is free .
Let them be . "
" Show me what the First Amendment looks like . "
" Let them go . "
" Watch out !
They 're gearing up , " " some in the crowd shouted , as officers
donned gas masks and other protective equipment .
A girl warned anyone with contact lenses to get out of the area .
" The spray will fuse your contact lenses to your eyeballs , " she said .
A protester named Timmy said he had slipped out of his all - black outfit and
slipped outside the police cordon .
" We want freedom from oppression , " he said .
" We want direct democracy where
communities are allowed to make decisions based on our own abilities .
It
takes bottom - up organizing to make change ; it does n't take a leader .
We
want cooperations , not capitalism . "
Meanwhile , in Skyline Park near 18th and Arapahoe , about a dozen people sat
surrounded by police , apparently in custody .
contribute to this article
contribute to this article add comment to discussion view discussion from this article
Pirates in small boats sail close to the MV Faina ( Photo : US Navy )
Enlarge Image
A US Navy destroyer has made visual contact with a Ukrainian ship which was seized by pirates last week and is now moored off the Somali coast .
There is no indication that the USS Howard intends to approach the ship , which is carrying 33 battle tanks destined for Kenya 's government .
The pirates ' ransom demand for the ship and its 21 crew has fallen from $ 35 m to $ 20 m (  10.9 m ) , their spokesman said .
A man on the ship also told the BBC that one of the crew members had died .
The man , who the pirates said was the captain of the MV Faina , was speaking via a satellite phone handed to him by one of the pirates .
He said the dead sailor was Russian and had died as the result of an illness .
The report could not be confirmed by independent sources .
He also said the other crew members were fine and that he could see three ships about a mile away , including one carrying a US flag .
International concern
In an earlier interview with the BBC , a spokesman for the US Navy 's 5th Fleet , Lt Nathan Christensen , said the USS Howard was within 8 km ( 5 miles ) from the Ukrainian vessel , but refused to say whether an intervention was likely .
If we are attacked , we will defend ourselves until the last one of us dies
Sugule Ali
Spokesman for the pirates
Battles and looting in Mogadishu Life in Somalia 's pirate town " The USS Howard [ is ] currently on station , in visual contact and is monitoring the situation there , " he said .
" The motor vessel is anchored off the Somali coast , near the town of Hobyo , along with , actually , a couple of other pirated vessels that are also anchored in that location . "
Lt Christensen said the USS Howard had been in contact with MV Faina using VHF radio , and that negotiations were continuing between the pirates and its owners .
He said the ship 's cargo of Russian - made T72 battle tanks made it a particularly worrying situation .
" We 're concerned that this might end up in the wrong hands , such as terrorists or violence extremists , " he said .
One of the pirates , Sugule Ali , claiming to be speaking on their behalf , later told reporters via satellite phone that they wanted a ransom and " nothing else " .
" We need $ 20 m for the safe release of the ship and the crew , " he told the Associated Press news agency .
" If we are attacked , we will defend ourselves until the last one of us dies . "
On Saturday , another of the pirates , Januna Ali Jama , told the BBC they would not release the MV Faina unless a ransom of $ 35 m (  19 m ) was paid .
Later , a spokesman for the Kenyan government said they had not received any credible demands for a ransom to release the ship .
The waters off the coast of Somalia are considered some of the world 's most dangerous .
' Big business '
Ukraine has confirmed that the tanks and " a substantial quantity of ammunition " were aboard the MV Faina .
The ship had a crew of 21 and was sailing towards the Kenyan port of Mombasa .
Authorities in Somalia 's semi-autonomous region of Puntland say they are powerless to confront the pirates , who regularly hold ships for ransom at the port of Eyl .
The USS Howard is one of several vessels in the area Last week , France circulated a draft UN resolution urging states to deploy naval vessels and aircraft to combat such piracy .
France , which has troops in nearby Djibouti and also participates in a multi-national naval force patrol in the area , has intervened twice to release French sailors kidnapped by pirates .
Commandos freed two people whose boat was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden earlier this month and in April , six arrested pirates were handed over to the French authorities for trial .
Somalia has been without a functioning central government for 17 years and has suffered from continual civil strife .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
That 's McCain 's new slogan .
It 's directly plagiarized from an early Tory party ad in the 1970s created by Saatchi and Saatchi for Thatcher :
The first work produced for the party was a television broadcast devised by Charles , in which images of everyday Britain were run in reverse .
The dramatic sequence was concluded with Michael Heseltine uttering the slogan : ' Backwards or forwards , because we can't go on as we are .
Do n't hope for a better life ; vote for one . '
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A Few Accomplishments
Over the past 14 years I have posted over 60,000 videos on YouTube as MOXNews and CSpanJunkie .
The news and current events videos I have taken the time to record , edit and upload over the years have been re-posted by thousands of other websites worldwide .
My videos are never monetized ; they are ad - free & commercial free .
I post news stories for historical documentation and free discussion under the Fair Use Doctrine .
I do not censor comments , nor moderate .
Hate speech and threats are the only exception , which will be promptly removed .
Probably you missed it , but last week there was a fascinating interview on the NPR program Talk of the Nation .
The segment featured a scientist named David Goldberg , who answered questions about his research concerning the plausibility of storing massive amounts of carbon dioxide in basalt formations deep below the earth s oceans .
In a paper that is available online and will be published in an upcoming issue of The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Goldberg and his colleagues write about how a basalt formation off of the coast of Oregon and Washington could potentially store anywhere from 120 - 150 years of carbon produced by the United States in its cavities ( assuming current U.S. emission rates do not increase ) .
While initially I was extremely skeptical of this idea ( because I thought that it might cause all kinds of unintended ecological havoc ) , by the end of the interview , I was somewhat more optimistic .
The idea of storing carbon dioxide under the ocean reminds me of a rather naive idea I once had as a kid .
I thought that a good way to rid the earth of our human waste would be to rocket it into space in huge bundles .
Then a giant incinerator in space would burn the garbage .
Every time I see a bumper sticker that says  Earth First :
We ll destroy the other planets later ,  I chuckle as I am reminded of what a silly idea shooting our litter into space would be .
The Basic Science Behind Storing CO2 Under the Ocean
The aforementioned NPR interview does an excellent job of explaining how carbon would be stored underneath the ocean in basalt rock formations .
Essentially , the CO2 would need to be pumped into fissures in the rocks in pressurized liquid form .
It would become trapped inside for a long period of time , reacting with iron , calcium , and sea water in the rocks to make chalk ( known more technically as carbonates ) .
Laboratory reactions indicate that this process would most likely occur quickly and would not influence the oceans in a negative way or allow the carbon to escape easily .
According to Goldberg , in its liquid form CO2 is denser than sea water and would subsequently be more likely to sink than rise while trapped within the basalt formations .
The formations in discussion are part of the Juan de Fuca Plate , and are close to 10,000 feet below the ocean off of the coast of Oregon and Washington .
Goldberg says that this particular formation has the advantage of potentially holding about ten times more carbon than other areas of this kind underneath the ocean .
He therefore thinks that research efforts should be focused here .
But he readily admits that there are other challenges that might derail this potential solution to help alleviate global warming .
He explains that a pilot study is needed to see if assumptions are correct that carbon can be stored safely and efficiently this far below the ocean .
He and his fellow researchers are currently seeking funding to commence this introductory research .
What Are Some of the Other Challenges and Alternatives to Storing Carbon this Way ?
The process of storing carbon in such ways that it wo nt enter the atmosphere is known as carbon sequestration .
What Goldberg and his fellow researchers are proposing is referred to as geochemical trapping .
If it is discovered that the basalt formations below Oregon and Washington s coastal areas can in fact store carbon dioxide safely , there is still the issue of transporting the CO2 from destinations on the ground in the U.S. all the way to the depths of the ocean .
Goldberg admits that creating and financing this infrastructure would be a necessary precursor to making carbon sequestration and geochemical trapping a reality .
But he suggests that if his research and those of others is fast - tracked , then perhaps it is achievable .
He is right in that the research has to begin somewhere though .
When asked by NPR s interviewer about how this idea was different or better than storing CO2 in empty oil wells , he replied that while the strategy he is researching would be more inconvenient , it would represent a component to global warming alleviation that would be far more significant in magnitude to any storage that old oil wells might provide .
He wisely cautions listeners , however , by saying that his idea would just be one of various solutions and actions needed to address global warming and climate change , not a silver bullet to relieve us of attempting to reduce our greenhouse emissions .
You can listen to the NPR interview by clicking here .
Your thoughts on this potential method of combating global warming are appreciated .
Read More About Carbon Sequestration on the Green Options Network :
Photo Credit : Paulo Brando on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
FOURNIER IS AT IT AGAIN  .
The latest piece from Ron Fournier , the AP s Washington bureau chief and the man responsible for directing the wire service s coverage of the presidential campaign , on Joe Biden joining the Democratic ticket , is drawing a fair amount of attention this morning .
More importantly , McCain campaign staffers are pushing it fairly aggressively to other reporters , in large part because it mirrors the Republican line with minimal variation .
By choosing Biden , Fournier argues , Barack Obama is showing a  lack of confidence ,  and is siding with  the status quo . 
There are two ways to consider Fournier s piece : substantively and in the broader context .
First , on the substance , Fournier s analysis seems a little lazy .
By his logic , any potential running mate shows a  lack of confidence   picking Hillary would mean Obama lacked confidence in his ability to win over women voters ; picking Bayh would mean Obama lacked confidence in his ability to win over independents and conservative Dems ; picking Webb would mean Obama lacked confidence in his ability to win over voters concerned about national security ; picking Kaine would mean Obama lacked confidence in his ability to win over voters in the South ; etc .
For that matter ,  the status quo  in Washington has been conservative Republican rule .
Biden may be an old pro and a DC insider , but he s anything but  the status quo . 
Second , in context , Fournier s objectivity covering the presidential race continues to look shaky .
We are , after all , talking about a journalist who , as recently as last year , considered working for the McCain campaign .
Before Ron Fournier returned to The Associated Press in March 2007 , the veteran political reporter had another professional suitor : John McCain s presidential campaign .
In October 2006 , the McCain team approached Fournier about joining the fledgling operation , according to a source with knowledge of the talks .
In the months that followed , said a source , Fournier spoke about the job possibility with members of McCain s inner circle , including political aides Mark Salter , John Weaver and Rick Davis .
We learned not too long ago that Fournier exchanged emails with Karl Rove about Pat Tillman , in which Fournier wrote ,  The Lord creates men and women like this all over the world .
But only the great and free countries allow them to flourish .
Keep up the fight . 
Fournier was also one of the journalists who , at a gathering of the nation s newspaper editors , extended McCain a box of his favorite donuts (  Oh , yes , with sprinkles !  McCain said ) .
It s led to a series of AP reports that can , at best , be described as  questionable . 
In March , for example , Fournier wrote an item  whether it was a news article or an opinion piece was unclear  that said Barack Obama is  bordering on arrogance ,   a bit too cocky ,  and that the senator and his wife  ooze a sense of entitlement . 
To substantiate the criticism , Fournier pointed to  not a whole lot .
It was basically the Republicans   uppity  talking point in the form of an AP article .
But much of the AP s coverage has deteriorated since .
There was a slam - job on Obama that read like an RNC oppo dump , followed by a scathing , 900 - word reprimand of Obama s decision to bypass the public financing system in the general election , filled with errors of fact and judgment .
When Obama unveiled his faith - based plan , the AP got the story backwards .
When Obama talked about his Iraq policy on July 3 , the AP said he d  opened the door  to reversing course , even though he had nt .
The AP s David Espo wrote a hagiographic , 1,200 - word piece , praising McCain s  singular brand of combative bipartisanship ,  which was utterly ridiculous .
The AP pushed the objectivity envelope a little further with a mind - numbing , 1,100 - word piece on Obama  being shadowed by giant flip - flops . 
The AP flubbed the story on McCain joking about killing Iranians , and then flubbed the story about McCain s promise to eliminate the deficit .
It s part of a very discouraging trend for the AP that s been ongoing throughout the campaign .
And then , within hours of Obama announcing his running mate , there s Fournier again , writing up another piece  whether it s a news article or an opinion piece is , again , unclear  that the McCain campaign just loves .
Sandy Johnson , the former DC bureau chief of the AP , was asked about Fournier and the bureau when she was forced out as part of a staff shake - up .
 I just hope he does nt destroy it ,  she said .
The more I see the AP s coverage , the more I think about that quote .
Antony Jenkins , chief executive of Barclaycard , said : " It 's possible we 'll see an end to plastic in the next five to 10 years with new technologies to take its place emerging now .
It could turn out to be one of the shortest lived payment methods in history , going from being ubiquitous to a museum piece in the same way as the video cassette . "
2GB Backup Free !
With Mozy Home Edition .
No setup fee , no credit card , no monthly payments , no expiration !
You may think it will never happen to you , but think again , as 1 out of 10 hard drives crash on average .
It could cost you anywhere from $ 300 to more than $ 7500 to recover your critical data .
Backing up your critical files is like insuring your home in the event of a disaster .
Of course , local backup is nt enough .
To protect your data against fire , lightning , theft , or other disasters , you want to backup your data to a remote server over the Internet .
Mozy
Home offer affordable unlimited server space and utilities that quietly back up your data in the background while you work .
Mozy offers for free up to 2GB of storage .
Mozy s big selling point for me is a robust backup client with features that are customized for online backups .
The Mozy wizard walks you through creating backup sets , where you can choose to back up certain types of data , such as word processing documents , photos or e-mail contacts .
You can also directly select particular drives and folders .
You can also choose a schedule for backups , or let Mozy handle it automatically .
If you go the automatic route you can set parameters such as  do nt back up if the CPU is more than X percent busy .
The best option is one that allows for throttling backup traffic so that it does nt bog down your connection .
You can adjust the throttle during an ongoing backup as well .
To restore files you can right - click a backed - up file ( to restore a previous version ) , select files or folders in the Mozy client , browse through the  MozyHome Remote Backup  folder in Windows Explorer , or use the Web interface .
You ll need to wait for Mozy to create a zip file for your restored files if you use the Web interface ; the other three options allow for immediately restoring files or folders to their original place or a destination of your choosing .
I think $ 5 a month for an easy , unlimited backup is a sweet deal .
Commentary & Analysis
Displaying 1-99 of thousands of articles
Insight You Need . Analysis You Trust .
Get the trusted insights you need to understand our evolving industry and emerging trends .
Become a Premium Member .
BoSacks Speaks Out : Disruption and Leadership During a Pandemic
With all the multiple disruptions happening in today s marketplace , there is absolutely no room for complacency and nostalgic dogma .
You and your company have to rethink the unthinkable , challenge all your assumptions , and see through the obstacles .
BoSacks cites two companies who are rethinking what it means to be a publisher .
Hybrid and Bespoke Packaging Solutions : Using Component Technology Expands Print Options Bespoke or  custom - built  solutions are moving print from a stand - alone process to become a part of the product manufacturing process .
David Zwang takes a look at the current bespoke and hybrid packaging solutions , and the advantages they can have over pure digital or analog solutions .
What s Your Strategy Strategy ?
In any business , there can be multiple strategies , developed in individual departments with the best intentions , but resulting in a series of disconnected plans that have little chance of moving the company forward .
In this article , Pat McGrew defines what constitutes a good strategy , and how you can ( and should ) combine your company s assorted strategies into a single cohesive and actionable strategy .
ISA Quarterly Economic Report Forecasts Long Road to Recovery According to the Q2 2020 ISA Quarterly Economic Report , the COVID crisis accelerated some trends both for print and digital signage that had started to emerge pre-crisis .
The sign industry is nt expected to recover to 2018 or 2019 levels until 2022 .
The Online Print Market in Europe Varies by Country , but Growth Is Universal Online print in Europe offers a fairly mixed picture with some countries achieving considerable volumes generated via online ordering , while others are lagging behind .
Still , volumes were on the rise everywhere  at least until the coronavirus crisis hit the industry .
In this article , What TheyThink European section editor Ralf Schlzer looks at some revenue numbers , leading countries , major players , and growth rates .
AATCC Webinar Series Sheds Light on Textile - Related Testing for PPE The American Association of Textile Chemists and Colorists ( AATCC ) has a robust program of educational webinars .
Most recently , the organization has sponsored a series of three important sessions related to testing and standards for PPE , especially important during this COVID - 19 pandemic which shows no signs of ending .
Of particular interest to our readers is a Duke University research project that developed a low - cost method for testing the efficacy of facemasks .
Around the Web : Budding Basil .
Canadian Crime Wave .
Silk Sensors .
Postponed Postcards .
Fotomat Finishing .
Television Trouble .
Type Trek. Marvelous Mountain .
Squirrel Saloon .
Canadian thieves target hot tubs and beef , for some reason .
Silk - based ink can be used to create wearable sensors .
A Michigan woman receives a postcard mailed in 1920 .
The rise and fall of the iconic Fotomat .
An old TV causes trouble for a Welsh village .
The typography of Star Trek .
What is the best time zone ?
The Evel Knievel Stunt Cycle is back !
All that and more in WhatThey Think s weekly autumnal miscellany .
Direct Mail Advertising  2010 2018
In 2010 , there were 3,088 establishments in NAICS 54186 ( Direct Mail Advertising ) .
By 2018 , the number of these establishments had dropped to 2,341 .
In macro news : initial unemployment claims rise again .
Printing and Cyber Risk : Deal with IT or Die from IT
Whether it be a ransomware attack or a breach that lets cyberthieves make off with customer data , cyber risk is an ever - present danger for any print business  made worse in the age of COVID with more employees working from home on their own devices .
Kevin Keane lays out some essential steps print businesses can take to boost their cybersecurity .
New York Textile Designer Elizabeth Halpern Shares Her Creative Journey and Passion for Print Meet New York Textile Designer Elizabeth Halpern .
She started out studying architecture but switched gears to work in the New York fashion district .
In this Texintel interview , Halpern shares the story of her journey from architecture to fashion to life as an independent designer .
What has inspired her and what is her biggest takeaway from her work in the fashion industry .
Find out more !
Smart Selling During COVID - 19 : Part 2
The COVID - 19 pandemic has prompted businesses of all types to think differently about their bottom lines , profit projections , revenues , and sales strategies .
This article , the second in a two - part series , discusses sales pitfalls to avoid and offers strategies for addressing current and future challenges .
Last week s article offered additional insight on smart selling by highlighting some sales best practices during pandemic times .
When Marketing , Do nt Forget the Influencers
When you are helping your clients select the target audiences for upcoming campaigns , are influencers on the list ?
We hear more and more about  influencer marketing ,  but how does it work ?
Should you be helping your clients do it ?
One Login Per Customer !
Do nt make your customers think .
Do nt make your customers administer multiple logins in order to do business with you .
Do nt make your online engagement a burden on your customers .
Spoonflower CEO Michael Jones Shares Insights on Future of On - Demand Textiles Spoonflower was a pioneer in the field of on - demand textile printing and production .
As the rest of the industry races to catch up , new CEO Michael Jones is aiming to take Spoonflower to the next level .
Cary Sherburne talks with Jones and senior vice president of research and development Kerry King about their vision for the future .
Marketing for Today and Tomorrow : Signarama Helps Customers Navigate Their Changing Needs Signarama s Kristin Gallucci looks at the evolution of signage over the course of the pandemic , and how Signarama franchise owners have had to re-imagine their production , re-envision their offerings , and re-invent their marketing to create new and unique products to answer the needs of communities .
Creating A Sales Strategy ? Part 2 : Where Are You Going ?
In part 2 of a two - part series looking at sales strategies , Pat McGrew focuses on updating or building your strategy , formulating a vision statement , and getting everyone in the company on board .
More From Less : Lessons Shared From the Past
One of the keys to business success is being able to do more with less , and the key to success in doing more with less is to increase the return on your investment of time .
Contributor Dave Fellman identifies ways you can be more efficient .
Are Living Clothes in Your Future ?
Designer Royal Aghighi Thinks They Should Be !
The textiles industry is a huge polluter .
Although there are many sustainability initiatives at play , there is still more that can be done .
Just ask multidisciplinary researcher Roya Aghighi .
She d like you to reimagine your wardrobe as living things .
Find out what that means !
Around the Web : Score Statistics .
Great Graphene .
Wearable Wary .
Creative Carpet .
Python PPE .
Viva Venus ?
Ludwig Listening .
LEGO Listens .
Covered Cakes .
Perishing Peeps .
Depressing Decoration .
The NFL season begins  and so does Scorigami .
New graphene - based apparel .
Amazon enters the fitness wearables market .
The Simpsons as classic works of art .
Public Service Announcement : a live snake is not an acceptable face covering .
Is there life on Venus ?
How Beethoven s Fifth Symphony changed the way people listen to classical music .
The New York Times and Facebook collaborate on AR reporting .
Children s letters inspire LEGO to rethink its packaging .
2020 news would bewilder a time traveler from ... 2019 .
A  cake shield  for blowing out birthday candles .
A Santa - wearing - a- mask Christmas ornament to enhance seasonal depression .
All that and more in WhatTheyThink s weekly pre-apocalyptic miscellany .
Printing Shipments : Summer s Almost Gone Printing shipments continued to rebound in July , coming in at $ 6.75 billion , up from June s $ 6.63 billion .
We remain hopeful , but as we have been seeing lately , we are far from out of the woods virus - wise and we may see shipments start to decline again come the fall .
Innovating the Proofing Cycle Printers need to consider innovations that negate the need for proofs ( hard or soft ) except under exceptional circumstances .
Hint : train the customer to submit print - ready PDFs that are truly ready to go .
You will still need to do preflight , etc. , but the emphasis should be on taking the time lag created by the proofing cycle out of the process .
Smart Selling During COVID - 19 : Part 1
On a global scale , sales representatives are finding it impossible to sell the way they used to  face - to - face meetings are difficult , some prospects still have nt returned to their offices , and businesses and consumers remain on high alert .
This article , the first in a two - part series , highlights some sales best practices during a pandemic .
The second will discuss sales pitfalls to avoid and provide strategies for addressing current and future challenges .
Speed x Sustainability = The Digital Imperative
One of the ways the textiles and apparel industry is starting to adjust to the stresses exposed by the pandemic is to accelerate adoption of digital technologies .
But what is the appetite for change , really ?
Textiles expert and WhatTheyThink contributor Debbie McKeegan shares her insights .
The Day an Infectious Disease Expert Became a Trading Card Celebrity Dr. Anthony Fauci s trading card is the TOPPS Company s best - selling card of all time  and a product of the ruthless efficiency of the company s production workflow .
What lessons are there for the rest of the industry ?
Successful Print Software Implementation Mindset
Do nt have a mindset like a lighthouse .
Have a mindset like a fast , nimble , ship with the most advanced navigation systems .
When navigating the waters of the print manufacturing industry , stationary businesses will not survive .
What Do We Talk About When We Talk About Industrial Printing ?
The definition of  industrial printing  has been changing , especially with the advent of inkjet printing , which is opening up all new  industrial  applications .
This article looks at the state of industrial printing today , and the various applications that comprise it .
QR Codes Are Consumer - and COVID Compliance - Friendly QR codes can be used in many different ways by restaurants and other small businesses to interact with patrons in an engaging way , as well as comply with COVID regulations and promote public health and safety .
ColorKarma s Shoshana Burgett escaped quarantine and looks at several examples of how restaurants and pubs are using QR codes .
HP Indigo Ups the Ante for Quality and Productivity in Digital Print
In this article , sponsored by HP , Senior Editor Cary Sherburne provides an overview of the latest features of the HP Indigo 12000 and HP Indigo 15 K digital presses , including innovations that take digital printing to a new level of quality and productivity .
She also cites on - site experiences of two customers , L&L Printers and New London .
How CCM Technology Vendors Can Help Clients Achieve CXM in the New Digital Reality The Customer Communications Management ( CCM ) market continues to undergo radical changes , especially in the wake of COVID .
Aspire CCS recently published  Understanding the New Digital Reality ,  an extensive study of the effects of the pandemic and its resulting economic and cultural fallout on the customer communications market .
This third of a four - part series focuses on how social distancing measures have forced many businesses to enable their employees to manage customer communications remotely , further accelerating the transformation from CCM to CXM by pushing more organizations toward cloud computing .
Long - Time Print Innovator and Serial Entrepreneur John Lacagnina Shares Thoughts on Past , Present , and Future of Print I first crossed paths with John Lacagnina when he brought to market the world s first network production printing solution through his company at the time , Entire .
Over the ensuing years , he has continued to innovate and bring dynamic change to the industry .
Learn more about his story , his thoughts about the industry , and what he s up to today .
SPESA Continues to Support the Sewn Products Industry in the Time of COVID - 19 Guest contributor Michael McDonald , president of SPESA , provides an update of how the association has been helping its members in the sewn products industry cope with the COVID - 19 pandemic , and what its updated roster of events looks like .
Improve RFP Effectiveness Now : Do nt Fall
Prey to the Pitfalls Even during this global pandemic , request for proposals ( RFP ) , request for information ( RFI ) , request for quotes ( RFQ ) have not stopped , but successfully bidding on them has changed .
Lisa Magnuson walks through some of the hazards , and ways of avoiding them .
Around the Web : Fashion s Future .
Futuristic Fashion .
Luxembourg Library .
Senryu Signage .
Robot Writer .
Ruinous Reveals .
Vertiginous Van. Festive Fungi .
The San Francisco Bay Area skies match PANTONE 130U .
For ideas on how fashion should evolve , look to China .
Programmable , 3D - printed textiles .
Creative signage for the National Library of Luxembourg .
Poetic signage is randomly appearing throughout the US .
A robot pens an essay for The Guardian .
Tired of cloth masks  how about transparent bubbles ?
What s with gender reveal parties ?
Someone customized a van to drive upside - down and backwards , for some reason .
Because it s 2020 and why not : shiitake mushroom - flavored candy canes .
All that and more in WhatThey Think s weekly gender revealing miscellany .
Outdoor Advertising  2010 2018
In 2010 , there were 2,378 establishments in NAICS 54185 ( Outdoor Advertising , although until 2012 this category was referred to as  Display Advertising  ) .
Establishments dipped in the mid-2010s , but hit a new peak in 2018 at 2,765 establishments .
In macroeconomic news : unemployment is down , but unemployment claims data paint a dark picture .
The Potential Impact of Brexit on the Printing Industry The clock is ticking for the Brexit negotiations and the future relations between the UK and EU are still unclear .
Print will be impacted as well ; not only print products that are exported and imported , but also raw materials and machinery .
This article by WhatTheyThink European section editor Ralf Schlzer looks at some trade volumes and implications of the Brexit for the printing industry .
Can Online Ordering Save Print Service Providers in 2020 ?
There is no question that the printing industry at large has suffered due to the impact of COVID - 19 and the subsequent economic downturn .
This article provides a brief overview on the toll that the pandemic has taken on printing companies  financials and explores whether e-commerce might help turn things around .
Fashion Needs a Seismic Reset  It s a Complicated Supply Chain and Reinvention Is Not as Easy as You Think This article by textile expert and WhatTheyThink contributor Debbie McKeegan was originally published on Which PLM .
In it , she notes the fashion industry is broken , not a surprise to anyone who has been following it , and suggests where we can go from here and why it might not transform as quickly as we would wish .
 Doing Good  During the Pandemic Pays Off in More Ways Than One During times of crisis like the COVID - 19 pandemic , consumers look to brands to provide leadership .
It s not enough to provide great products , great prices , and great service .
Consumers are looking to brands to have a social conscience , as well .
This look at statistics collected by Engage for Good provides a number of lessons for both printers and their customers .
Adult Learning at Your Print Business
Like it or not , all work involves learning .
Not like our education system , but self - directed , project - based learning .
You have to be a self - learner and as a leader you have to hold your people accountable for self - learning .
The Target Report Annual Recap  August 2020 TTM M&A Activity M&A activity in commercial printing dips , tuck - ins still predominate ; packaging deals are driven by PE , labels lead the pack ; wide format transactions pick up ; and more 
Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Provide Real Benefits Designing and creating policies and procedures that ensure that essential business functions / processes are available during and after a disaster is an important process for all businesses .
If done properly , it can actually prove to be beneficial beyond business continuity and disaster recovery as a way to handle production overflow during peak times
Beyond the Hype : The Reality of Direct - to - Shape Printing Printing company owners are seeking new markets as the pandemic affects their businesses , and many owners are evaluating an opportunity that leverages their inkjet printing expertise  digital direct - to - shape ( D2S ) printing .
Contributor Pete Basiliere details the market opportunities for print providers in the D2S space .
Velox Brings Mass - Production to Digital Direct - to - Shape Printing Velox specializes in industrial - scale direct - to - shape digital printing  or , as the company calls it ,  decorating   predominantly on tubes , aerosols , and other cylindrical items .
We take a look at the capabilities of Velox s technology .
Around the Web : Printing Proposal .
Talented Typist .
Feral Fabric .
Interactive Ink. Flight Fantasy .
Dying Dining .
Transforming Technology .
Silly Spectacles .
A beau proposes to his typography - loving girlfriend at the Museum of Printing .
A  typewriter artist .   Living fabric  that purifies the air around it .
Interactive ,  clickable  paper that does nt require an external power source .
A videogame that simulates flying in coach , for some reason .
Record chain restaurant bankruptcies .
The accelerating adoption rate of new technologies .
 Anti-procrastination glasses . 
Sensible and silly snacking .
All that and more in WhatThey Think s weekly doomscrolling miscellany .
Retail Sales : A V- Shaped Recovery ?
The Census Bureau recently released its monthly report on retail sales , and after a dramatic plummeting , July retail sales were $ 536.0 billion , up 1.2 % from June ( seasonally adjusted ) , and 2.7 % above July 2019 .
But this may paint a rosier picture of retail than is warranted .
Customization in the Manufacturing Sector and a New Definition for Fast Fashion
What s driving customization in the textile manufacturing sector , and why do we need to redefine fast fashion production ?
These questions are answered by textiles expert and WhatTheyThink contributor Debbie McKeegan , who offers a look at Fashion Enter , an ethical , sustainable business that manufactures sewn products and which has embraced digitization and continue to invest in the future .
Supporting Remote Employees During COVID : Working from Home or Hardly Working ?
Many of us are still struggling to figure out how to best work from home as the COVID - 19 pandemic continues .
Although some found the sudden transition from  work office  to  home office  earlier this year to be relatively simple , other struggled without the devices and support systems that they would normally rely on each day .
This article cites data points from recent Keypoint Intelligence research to explore how people are coping with limited resources while working from home .
Canon Solutions America Launches Fifth - Generation Arizona Series UV Flatbed Printer Yesterday , Canon Solutions America announced the new Arizona 2300 Series wide - format flatbed printer .
The new series is built on a novel approach to media handling that eliminates zones , masking , and taping , helping speed job changeover and reduce operator intervention .
How COVID - 19 Is Changing Consumer Patterns  and Why Marketing Strategy Should Change With Them Marketers are anxiously awaiting the world to  return to normal ,  but what does normal look like ?
Even when consumers start buying again , there may be radical changes in product categories , segmentation , and product positioning that will outlast the pandemic .
Do your clients know what they are ?
Are they prepared to adjust to them ?
Process Creators vs. Process Followers
As your business matures and grows , you will need to improve your processes .
As software invades every corner of your business , your processes have to change to adapt to the new reality .
You need to know who in your company is a process creator .
Inkjet Innovation Week Highlights : New Inkjet Hardware , Software , and Media Are Driving the Market Forward In June , Inkjet Insight presented Inkjet Innovation Week , a series of webinars that organized the latest inkjet announcements in the context of current market trends and new application segments .
The topics covered included trends in production inkjet in the document and packaging space , snapshots of new inkjet product releases , highlights of recent software updates driving inkjet productivity , and an overview of new inkjet papers and specialty media opportunities .
This article provides some highlights of the webinar series .
All Projects Great and Small : Phil Fox Takes Signs By Tomorrow Fort Worth to New Heights of Signage Offering a diverse array of applications , from banners and feather flags , to vehicle wraps , to ADA signage , to channel letters 30 stories above the ground , Signs By Tomorrow Fort Worth has grown dramatically since Phil Fox bought the franchise in early 2018 .
An emphasis on marketing and versatility have been the keys to growth  even in the midst of a global pandemic .
Watch Out Inkjet : Toner Appears to Be Poised to Make a Comeback
Now that production inkjet has finally reached the offset quality barrier , some believe that it is the death knell for toner .
Although as Mark Twain said ,  The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated  and based on recent developments in toner technology I believe that is the case here as well .
Bringing Fashion Back to St. Louis Did you know that St. Louis , Mo. , was a fashion hub from the turn of the 20th century until the end of World War II ?
Now there are significant efforts to reestablish the city s fashion prominence , led by the Saint Louis Fashion Fund .
We spoke with co-founder Susan Sherman , and the CEO of high - tech knitting manufacturer Evolution St. Louis , Jon Lewis , to learn how their initiatives are progressing .
Automating Imposition : Agnostic , Smart , and Easy ?
Considering most printing companies have an assortment of presses , finishing equipment , and product types , having disparate imposition workflows is a very inefficient way to manage it .
Ultimate has raised the bar again with the just - released Impostrip 2020 .
Around the Web : Sunflower Savior .
Catalog Characters .
Digital Decor . Sumptuous Sewing .
Signage Surveillance .
Abused Androids .
Postal Paintings .
Cosmic Comm . Rock Riddle .
Foul Fraud .
The Hidden Disabilities Sunflower program comes to the US .
IKEA Taiwan adds Animal Crossing characters to its catalog .
Also : 70 years of IKEA catalogs are now online .
Amazon launches AR - based furniture decorating .
A  thread artist  sews realistic embroidered foods .
Clear Channel s new billboards can track your movements .
How to combat the growing scourge of robot abuse .
A photo essay looks at the US s New Deal - era post office murals .
John Shepherd devoted his life to trying to contact space aliens .
Newly discovered research notes describe an attempt to decipher the Rosetta Stone .
Two words : vomit fraud .
All that and more in WhatThey Think s weekly virtual miscellany .
PR Agencies  2010 2018
In 2010 , there were 8,219 establishments in NAICS 54182 ( Public Relations Agencies ) .
After a slight contraction due to the Great Recession , PR agencies started to grow again , peaking at 8,548 establishments in 2018 .
In addition , we estimate there were an additional 37,954 freelance or sole proprietor PR agency establishments in 2018 .
In macro news : Q2 GDP revised up .
 Circular Is the New Black  : Redefining the Fashion Industry
There has been a great deal of discussion here and elsewhere about how the pandemic has accelerated efforts to restructure the textiles and apparel supply chain , resulting in both companies exiting China for destinations such as Vietnam and India , as well as reshoring of textiles and apparel in the US and Europe facilitated by the growing availability of digital technologies that enable new ways to design , manufacture and distribute textiles and apparel .
This article contains a review of a report from the Ellen MacArthur Foundation :  A New Textiles Economy : Redesigning Fashion s Future . 
Well worth reading in full !
The Impending Creativity Boom in Print Amid uncertainty about what the future might hold , many people have discovered that the COVID - 19 pandemic has given them additional time for projects .
This article explores the recent uptick in creative output and considers what this might mean for creative amateurs and the industry .
Peek Inside Salesforce.com s  State of Marketing Survey  ( Sixth Edition ) and the Challenges It Paints for Marketers Growing data repositories , fractured data management , and the need for automated solutions to extract actionable insights are among the top challenges seen in the data of Salesforce .
com s sixth annual  State of Marketing Survey . 
Augmented Reality : Revolutionizing the Value of Print Augmented reality ( AR ) has played a somewhat limited role to date in the world of print and packaging , with its largest footprint in the digital world  but that may be about to change .
Cary Sherburne looks at some recent AR - enabled catalogs developed by Paris and Montreal s ARGO .
Online Ordering Adoption Begins with Customer Service
Your customer service team is the place to start online ordering adoption .
You can practice your sales pitch on them and then teach them how to pitch your customers into a self - service workflow .
Creating A Sales Strategy  Part 1 : Where Are You Now ?
Now that you know that you have both a marketing workflow and a sales workflow , it s time to consider your sales strategy and what you need to support that strategy .
Pat McGrew identifies what you need to evaluate your strategy and support it with collateral .
Xant s InfoMark Finds Religion ...
Or Vice Versa Last year , Xant had launched InfoMark , a way of linking supplementary and complementary digital and multimedia assets to print media by means of a four - or five - digit code .
Since it was launched , InfoMark has evolved , and extenuating circumstances have led to its growing adoption in some markets that Xant had not originally considered .
We caught up with Xant president Robert Ross .
Connecting The Dots  Kornit s Acquisition of Custom Gateway Creates Powerful Print On Demand Solutions For Ecommerce Fulfillment Kornit is expanding its digital capabilities through the acquisition of Custom Gateway , positioning itself to offer a complete end - to - end digital production process .
Textiles expert Debbie McKeegan explains .
drupa 2021 Essentials of Print : The Most Exciting Design Tool Ever
Art director Hadar Peled Vaissmanlays out how the design community should embrace digital print as their new design tool , as it can help designers reach new heights of creativity , stretch the limits of their imaginations , and design campaigns that better connect with younger generations .
How Casting Votes By Mail Could Work ( Well )
Safe , socially distanced general elections in 2020 are proving to be a boon for print and mail service providers that can handle specialized operations , including  ballot mail . 
Contributor Mark Vruno takes a close look at vote by mail ( VBM ) .
Printing Shipments
On the Rebound : Will It Last ?
After a dismal April and May , printing shipments rebounded in June to $ 6.63 billion .
It s a hopeful sign , but the COVID - 19 crisis is far from over .
It s going to be a tense fall .
Around the Web : Data Design .
Militant Masker .
Dairy Ditties .
Pixel Papa .
Transparent Toilets .
Tudor Trickery .
Body - Shaming Bistro . Fantastic Flash .
Stock market data transformed into beautiful landscapes .
A  mask gun  shoots face masks onto people s faces .
A deep dip into ice cream truck music .
A woman s driver s license photo is an empty chair .
Russell Kirsch , the inventor of the pixel , passed away at 91 .
Japan s public lavatories with see - through walls .
A 16th - century deep fake .
A look back a the first  interactive TV show   from 1953 .
A restaurant in China weighs customers before they order .
The making of the great camp classic  1980 s  Flash Gordon . 
All that and more in WhatThey Think s weekly unmasked miscellany .
Epson Launches Its First Industrial - Class Dye- Sublimation Printer Epson s new SureColor F10070 sports new features and capabilities , sure to help spur growth in digital textile fabric printing .
Cary Sherburne takes a look at this new printer .
Distance Working / Learning During a Pandemic : Pros and Cons Earlier this year , the world changed forever with the COVID - 19 outbreak .
Businesses and schools temporarily shut down , and many employees and students were suddenly forced into a remote setting with little  or no  advance warning .
Although some employees and students have thrived in this distance situation , others have struggled and continue to struggle .
Amid continued uncertainty and a new school year just around the corner , this article explores the pros and cons of remote working and distance learning .
The Impact of Remote Working What potential business disruptions should we be thinking about post -COVID - 19 ?
There are several .
Most of them , at first glance , seem inconsequential but , on closer examination , could have significant impact .
In this article , Wayne Lynn looks at changes in how we work and examines how they could impact the way we do business after the crisis has passed .
Marco Boer of IT Strategies on How the Pandemic Will Drive Inkjet Growth Conversation with Marco Boer , vice president of IT Strategies , about the changes in production being driven by the pandemic , including the impact of the cost of paper on hardware selection .
The COVID - 19 Era Is a Time to Contract and Rebuild Your Print Business COVID - 19 is a challenge and an opportunity to rebuild and make changes to your business that would otherwise be met with the standard  this is how we ve always done it  line of resistance .
We Must Shift to a Bespoke Manufacturing Model  Bespoke  means custom - made and designed to a particular requirement .
Local - to - local , bespoke , organized , and automated manufacturing is not without its challenges , but post - pandemic , it may be a better option than relying on a single global provider .
ColorKarma s Shoshana Burgett explains all about bespoke manufacturing and the role of design .
What s in Your Marketing Workflow ? 
Part 2 : Creating a Plan Last month , Pat McGrew offered tips and strategies for optimizing your sales workflow .
This month , she turns to marketing workflows .
When times get tough , marketing often disappears from the radar .
For companies that have not been marketing their services , the challenge of remaining visible in a chaotic market is even harder .
In Part 2 of this two - part series , Pat describes how to develop a strategic marketing plan .
A Printer s Guide to Augmented Reality , Virtual Reality , and Interactive Print
When you make print interactive  with QR codes , AI , Augmented Reality ( AR ) and Virtual Reality ( VR )  you bridge analog and digital worlds , capture the attention of prospects and customers for a longer period of time , and foster smoother business operations .
Joanne Gore provides an overview of interactive print technologies and the opportunities for printers .
Six UK References for Antiviral Textiles and Specialist Coatings that You Should Consider
In light of the global pandemic , increased attention is being paid to antimicrobial coatings for fabrics .
Formerly reserved for medical and healthcare interiors , these fabrics are now in demand across multiple segments .
Mail Volumes Plunge in the Age of COVID
Since the COVID - 19 lockdown across the country in early March , mail volumes have plunged  but the pandemic is only accentuating the USPS s pre-existing problems .
This feature , by Paul Miller , vice president and deputy director of the American Catalog Mailers Association ( ACMA ) , also includes highlights from an ACMA survey of catalog mailers and suppliers .
Advertising Agencies  2010 2018
In 2010 , there were 13,248 establishments in NAICS 54181 ( Advertising Agencies ) .
After a slight contraction due to the Great Recession , agencies started to grow again , peaking at 13,737 establishments in 2018 .
In addition , we estimate there were an additional 60,994 freelance or sole proprietor agency establishments in 2018 .
In macro news : initial unemployment claims dip below 1 million .
Around the Web : Fashion s Future .
Revised Revenues .
Calling Cards .
Flaming Photography .
Slithering Smartphone .
Video Vacation .
Manhattan Migration .
Mechanical Music . Rim Recording .
Online retail is the future of fashion .
The NYT s digital revenues surpass print for the first time in 170 years .
WTIN is making its must - read Digital Textile eMag available for free .
Has the ever - resilient business card finally met its match ?
A pictorial celebration of the postcard .
The making of one of rock 's most iconic album covers .
A smartphone case with robotic legs allows a phone to crawl to its charging pad , creepily enough .
The last remaining Blockbuster Video store is a retro Airbnb .
Electrical outlet covers that double as motion - sensitive lights .
Retailers are fleeing NYC .
All that and more in WhatThey Think s weekly virtual miscellany .
Keeping Customers Educated in the Age of COVID - 19
We all understand that it s important to develop a sound marketing strategy during these uncertain times , and educating your customers is a vital component of this strategy .
Businesses like Apple and Microsoft are well - known for offering great on - site training demonstrations so customers can get the most out of their devices .
Unfortunately , in - person education is nt an option during a pandemic .
The good news is that there are still many ways to educate consumers and keep them engaged even if a live meeting is impossible .
Digital Textile Printing Inks Sets and Print Processes Explained
As digital textile printing continues to gain steam in light of a needed supply chain restructuring for the industry , it can be confusing , especially for new entrants to the field , which ink is best for each fabric type and application .
Textiles expert and Texintel CEO Debbie McKeegan explains the differences between five different digital textile printing ink sets .
Identifying Important Data Decisions Data decisions get made everyday in your print business .
Here are three examples of important data decisions that we can all learn from .
Software Makes Personalization Easy ... But We Still Have to Think Just because certain types of personalization have become easier to implement does nt mean that the human element is nt important .
On the contrary , it s more important than ever .
Software makes it easier to spit out  personalized  documents , but the people behind those documents still have to think .
Sustainability : The Great Reset  What Can We Do ?
The planet earth and its natural resources have not grown in over 4 billion years , yet the population has increased from 800 million in 1700 to almost 8 billion in 2020 , all competing for their share and putting great stress on the environment and the population .
It is obvious that this rate of growth ca nt be sustained without some proactive behavioral changes .
Partnering !
Canva Brings the Creative to Office Depot Customers
Thanks to a new collaboration between the global design platform Canva and the robust workplace solutions team at Office Depot , small businesses can quickly and easily develop creative content for different kinds of print and non-print applications  everything from reports and posters to menus and yard signs , even social media marketing campaigns .
Buyers are On The Move and On Track  July 2020 M&A Activity CJK Acquires Quad Book Plant , Mittera Executes on Strategy ( Again ) , and more 
Printing Plants and Robots After the Coronavirus
This article addresses how to protect the labor force in printing plants from being infected by viruses and get a better and more profitable company structure by implementing Industry 4.0 .
EU Graphene Flagship Initiative Explores Innovative Graphene Uses
We ve been following some of the research on graphene for some time now .
Developments and innovations are continuing , especially in the European Union .
Here we review the EU Graphene Flagship Initiative and some of the developments related to the textiles and apparel industry , including how graphene can affect advances in wearables .
Around the Web : Missing Mondays .
Silly Signage .
Adapting Architecture .
Foxy Fetishist .
Cirrus Sneakers .
Crazy Convertible .
Pixellated Pack .
Circular Sketching .
There will no longer be a Monday print edition of a newspaper anywhere in Wyoming .
Amusing social distancing signage from Down Under .
How will the COVID pandemic affect architecture ?
Germany s shoe - stealing fox .
3D - printed sneakers based on clouds .
The Boatswagon boat - car hybrid is up for auction .
8 Bit Playing Cards simulate 1980s - era computer graphics .
A new , limited edition Etch a Sketch lets you draw circles .
All that and more in WhatThey Think s weekly virtual miscellany .
May Printing Shipments  Now
It s Serious Printing shipments for May 2020 came in at $ 6.42 billion , down from $ 6.51 in April and way down from $ 7.21 billion back in January .
This may be as dire as shipments get , but we do nt expect to break $ 7 billion again for a long while .
The New Wearable Takes Center Stage Thanks to Digital Textile Printing Technologies
As the global pandemic crisis has evolved , the print community has sprung into action , converting capacity freed up by declining demand to production of personal protective equipment ( PPE ) for first - line workers and average citizens .
This includes , of course , face masks , which has turned into big business .
Read about one example of how a supplier has provided tools to make production of these life - saving masks easier .
Developing a Marketing Strategy : Positioning for Success During COVID -19 and Beyond Due in large part to the COVID - 19 pandemic , businesses are now thinking very differently about their bottom lines , profit projections , and revenues than they were just a few months ago .
Keypoint Intelligence s research has confirmed that most print service providers ( PSPs ) have seen a drop - off in sales and / or an uptick in cancelled orders due to current market conditions .
This article explores smart marketing techniques during COVID - 19 and beyond .
Web - to - Print s Primary Value is Customer Convenience Online ordering is about customer convenience .
How do you leverage technology and self service to make it easier for your customers to do business with you ?
What Buyers Want From Brands ... Right Now
As the U.S. economy begins to gradually reopen , marketers are wondering what consumers are thinking .
Do they intend to return to shopping as normal ?
Are their feelings about their favorite brands changing ?
How do they want marketers to interact with them in these new and changing times ?
An April 2020 survey from Influence Central provides some insight .
What s Your Marketing Workflow ? 
Part 1 : Building a Framework Last month , Pat McGrew offered tips and strategies for optimizing your sales workflow .
This month , she turns to marketing workflows .
When times get tough , marketing often disappears from the radar .
For companies that have not been marketing their services , the challenge of remaining visible in a chaotic market is even harder .
In Part 1 of this two - part series , Pat describes how to set up a marketing workflow .
Is Now the Right Time to Gear Up for the Next Era in Digital Print ?
Commercial printing has been in decline for the last decade , yet it is still a huge , multi-billion - dollar industry .
While the total commercial print volume will continue to slide , digital printing s share of the pie will continue to grow both in terms of volume and value .
This article , sponsored by HP Indigo , looks at three HP Indigo 100K Digital Press customers and the steps they took to push their businesses forward , even as they are dealing with the effects of the global pandemic .
Benson Integrated Marketing Solutions Creates W2P Store for COVID Signage and Safety Materials Benson Integrated Marketing Solutions offers a wide variety of small - and wide - format printing , signage , apparel , and promotional materials to the multi-family home real estate market .
Early adopters of web - to - print , Benson provides individual B2B sites for customers through which they can order customized materials , and has recently launched a B2C site for COVID - related products .
How Much Do Your Jeans Mean to You ?
Do you know how much water it takes to make a single pair of jeans ?
The answer will likely shock you .
In this article , Senior Editor Cary Sherburne explores how a commitment to zero - waste fashion  and some emerging technologies  can save precious water and protect our planet yet still let us enjoy those comfortable jeans and other fashion items .
Mouse over to see sites
View more charts
Does the FDA plan to destroy the health of the U.S. population ?
Today it 's spinach and lettuce ; tomorrow it 's all fresh produce
The FDA 's crimes against humanity
What you can do right now to fight this latest transgression by the FDA
( Natural News )
The FDA has announced that beginning today , spinach and lettuce sold across the United States may now be secretly irradiated before it reaches grocery store shelves .
What 's " secret " about it ?
The FDA previously decided that irradiation warning stickers would not be required on any food items because it would be " too confusing to consumers . "
( The word IRRADIATION apparently has too many letters to be understood to food buyers . )
Thus , irradiated foods will not be labeled as such , and consumers are going to be left in the dark about all this ( except for those who actually eat the irradiated food , in which case they willin the dark ) .
The FDA , of course , insists that the levels of irradiation used to kill e.coli will have no effect whatsoever on the nutritional value of the food .
This astonishing statement comes from an agency that does n't believe food has any nutritional value in the first place , so lowering the value to zero by destroying all the phytonutrients does not , in the opinion of the FDA , alter its nutritional value at all .
Thus , destroying all the anti-cancer nutrients in a head of broccoli merely brings that broccoli into " compliance " as a non-functional food , according to the FDA .
Radiation , of course , destroys delicate phytochemicals in plants -- the very phytochemicals protecting consumers against cancer , heart disease , high cholesterol , inflammation and other diseases .
Microwaving broccoli , for example , destroys up to 98 % of its anti-cancer nutrients .
( The FDA has not yet acknowledged this scientific fact , either . )
In a similar way , irradiating food destroys much of its nutritional content , including vitamins , carotenoids , anthocyanins and other delicate protective nutrients that are right now providing the last , desperate nutritional defense against the American diet of meat , milk , fried foods and processed junk .
Irradiating fresh produce will leave the U.S. population is a state of extreme deficiency in protective plant - based nutrients .
Many people suspect that 's what the FDA really wants .
A nutritionally - deficient , disease - ridden population would mean a windfall of profits for the FDA 's buddies in Big Pharma -- the folks who sell patented medications at monopoly prices .
With the food supply destroyed by radiation , In promoting this food radiation policy , the FDA has accomplished what all the terrorists in the world could not :
The mass irradiation of the U.S. food supply -- much like setting off a dirty bomb over the nation 's farms ( but with less radiation ) .
This destruction of the nutritional value of the food supply is a far greater threat to the health of the U.S. population than any terrorist event , including 9/11 .
And yet it is being done by our own people , TO our own people , by a lawless agency that answers to no one .
FDA officials are not voted into office by the People ; they are appointed by politicians .
They answer to no one , they refuse to follow federal law , and they operate as tyrants over a quarter of the U.S. economy .
And now they have taken it upon themselves to destroy the national food supply .
We should be more than just alarmed -- we should be outraged !.
With this decision , the FDA has firmly positioned itself as an enemy of the People , and a bringer of death and disease to the nation .
Why are our elected representatives in Washington allowing this madness ?
Think about this :
If the FDA has its way : 
All your food will be irradiated , pasteurized or killed 
All your children will be vaccinated 
All your medicine will be based on pharmaceuticals 
All your free speech about health will be suppressed 
All informative labeling on food and supplements will be outlawed 
Growing and selling non-irradiated garden vegetables will become a crime !
Do n't think the FDA will stop with spinach and lettuce , either .
They 're already talking about irradiating tomatoes , peppers and onions .
Before long , , and all the fresh fruits and vegetables that are supposed to contain health - protecting nutrients will be transformed into sterile , inert plant mass with no health benefits at all .
( Brilliant scam , huh ? ) .
I believe the FDA wants the American public to be sickened and diseased .
Why else would they ban Free Speech about healing foods like cherries , broccoli and garlic ?
Why would they outlaw the selling of herbs and nutritional supplements that claim to treat and prevent disease ?
and irradiating the food supply is the quickest way to accomplish that .
He who controls the food controls the People .
He who destroys the food can profit from the People 's sickness .
In pushing this radiation agenda , -- a nutritional atrocity that violates fundamental human rights .
And yet the FDA 's top decision makers continue to operate with zero oversight and zero accountability .
They make decisions in a corporate - sponsored vacuum , absent any input from reasonable , health - conscious consumers or scientists .
And because they have been granted tyrannical powers by Congress , the FDA operates
It is not subject to any laws whatsoever ; not even the U.S. Constitution which is supposed to protect the People 's right to " Life , Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness " ( as stated in the Declaration of Independence ) .
The mass irradiation of the food supply is a violation of the " Life " part of that phrase , would n't you agree ?
If we can no longer buy nourishing foods with their nutrients intact , then we are all doomed to degenerative disease and death ... but not before paying out our life savings to doctors , drug companies and hospitals .
That 's the evil genius of the food irradiation plot : , at just the right pace to drain your bank account before you expire from malnutrition .
I truly believe this irradiation of the food supply is the beginning of the end of America ..
The FDA is dooming America to a slow , painful , medicated death .
In a generation , this nation will be lost , destroyed from within by short - sighted tyrants who violated nature and left the People to rot .
For starters , you can : 1 ) Grow your own food .
A little gardening is good .
Grow whatever you can , even if it 's just a few kitchen herbs .
2 ) Buy your food at farmer 's markets , coops and CSAs .
See http://www.localharvest.org/csa
3 ) Ask your grocery store if they are buying irradiated spinach .
If they do n't know , demand they find out !
4 ) Raise hell with your Senators and Congresspeople , demanding they pass new laws protecting consumers from the FDA and its plot to destroy the nutritional value of the food supply .
Also , listen to two podcasts I 've posted on this topic .
The first was recorded several months ago , where I publicly predicted the FDA would do exactly what we 're seeing right now .
Listen to that podcast here : https://www.naturalnews.com/Index-Podcasts.ht...
The second podcast was just posted today .
I recorded it right before writing this article .
It goes into much greater detail about the FDA 's plot to destroy the health of the U.S. population .
You can listen to that here : https://www.naturalnews.com/Index-Podcasts.ht...
Finally , Raise your voice .
Write your local paper , call your representatives in Washington and tell them you strongly oppose the irradiation of the food supply .
Teach people about phytonutrients .
And stay tuned to NaturalNews as we continue to cover this important story .
The FDA has gone mad .
Criminally mad .
It is an agency that will literally kill you if given the chance , and it is up to all of us to stop this madness before we lose our health , our children and our very nation .
What an amazing experience !
Hey Dan and Sherry ,
We just wanted to share with you and others what an amazing experience we had using your company .
I had so many different ideas going through my head on how to do a one of a kind proposal but none of them really had a pop to them .
Then I had an idea of finding a company that would chauffeur us around in a vintage classic automobile .
After talking to a couple of limousine companies I was given Dan and Sherry s number and gave them a call .
This sounds like a joke but you know when you talk to someone , this happens very rarely to me , but they are just captivating .
Dan was such an intriguing guy .
He started out talking to me about the history of his  Labor of Love  line of vehicles and what kind of engines they had , the restoration process , which one had the most leg room , ( I am 6  3 ) , everything and more of what I wanted to know .
I could really tell how truly he loved his business .
And I tell you , if you do nt believe me , go take a look at his fleet of one of a kind vehicle .
After we got engaged , he took us over to see the rest of his cars and it sure was nice to listen to my fiance talking about which one she wanted to rent next instead of talking about wedding details .
That s my kind of girl !
As far as the planning , I pretty much only knew that I wanted this beautiful car to come and surprise her and take us down the PCH to Laguna Beach and Dana Point .
Never been there , but knew I wanted to head that way .
But that was nt a problem .
Dan put his wife Sherry on the phone and she listened to what I had in mind and gave me wonderful recommendations for restaurants and places and ideas for proposals .
So I decided to propose at this beautiful bluff overlooking the ocean in Laguna that yes , Dan and Sherry recommended and when we walked back to the car , he had chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us on a silver platter .
 Yes  , I told Victoria ,  that was my idea . 
Thanks Dan .
So , not to go on forever , but I really was satisfied .
Above and beyond .
They really did go the extra mile with everything they provided .
We truly have the BEST engagement stories to tell everyone we know and I most definitely could not have done it near as well as it turned out without the help of Dan and Sherry at Classic Limos .
We both want to thank you for being a huge part to the beginning of our life long journey together .
Customers for Life ,
Luke and Victoria Manke .. ( Soon to be ! )
A bacon -filled smokehouse at the Corralitos Market caught fire this afternoon and the market was closed while fire crews responded .
The fire was reported at 2:21 p.m. and was contained to one of four smokehouses behind the market , Corralitos Market owner Dave Peterson said .
 One of our smokehouses just had some bacon in it and got a little too hot ,  he said .
 Rather than take a chance I just called the fire department . 
Two engines from Cal Fires as well as crews from the Watsonville and Aptos / La Selva fire departments responded to the blaze , which was on Hames Road near Corralitos Road .
Priscilla Hedgepeth was up the road at the Corralitos Community Center with her husband when the fire started .
 We just thought it was smoke from the smokehouse ,  Hedgepeth said .
Peterson , the owner , said the market  known for its smoked meats  would still have a stocked butcher s case .
 The bacon s shot but all the sausage is good ,  Peterson said
The Hollywood actress Rose McGowan has been heavily criticised after expressing sympathy with the IRA ahead of the release of her new film .
The Italian - born star , who is most famous for her role as Paige Matthews in the series Charmed , said she would have joined the IRA if she lived in Belfast during the Troubles .
McGowan , 35 , stars in Fifty Dead Men Walking , a biopic based on the autobiography of the former IRA informer Martin McGartland .
" My heart just broke for the cause , " she told a news conference before the film 's world premiere at the Toronto Film Festival .
" I imagine , had I grown up in Belfast , I would 100 per cent have been in the IRA , " she said .
" Violence is not to be played out daily and provide an answer to problems , but I understand it . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
McGowan 's comments have met with angry ripostes  not least from Mr McGartland himself .
He still lives in hiding because of the threat to his life from militant sympathisers .
" It 's easy to say this sort of thing when you live in LA , " Mr McGartland told The First Post website .
" Rose McGowan 's comments were insulting to victims of IRA terrorism and she should apologise .
" She must have taken leave of her senses .
Ca n't she see that such remarks are incredibly insensitive to the families of victims of the IRA ?
She clearly does n't know anything about Northern Ireland . "
Billy Armstrong , an Ulster Unionist assembly member , said the comments were " foolish and offensive " .
He added : " As an IRA member , would Miss McGowan have been happy to participate in the abduction , torture and murder of Jean McConville , a widow and mother of 10 ? "
The film , which also stars Jim Sturgess as McGartland and Sir Ben Kingsley as his British handler , is not the first to arouse controversy over the activities of the IRA .
The actor Mickey Rourke , who sports an IRA tattoo , received approbation for allegedly claiming he donated part of his fee for the 1989 film Francesco to the terrorist group , though the charge was never proved .
The controversial comments from McGowan , who had leading roles in Scream ( 1996 ) , Jawbreaker ( 1999 ) and Grindhouse , last year 's two - part feature by Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez , come in the wake of a settlement between Mr McGartland and the film 's producers over its content .
Chronicling his four years in the IRA from 1987 to 1991 , Mr McGartland has protested that the " film is not a true account of my story as it puts me at the scene of torture and murders " .
He added : " I insisted on a new voiceover and a disclaimer at the beginning saying the film was inspired by my book , rather than being a true story . "
Mr McGartland has now dropped a threat of legal action following a settlement which includes a payment thought to be about  20,000 .
Mr McGartland was kidnapped after his cover was blown in 1991 .
He escaped by jumping out of a window and was later resettled with a secret identity in Whitley Bay , near Newcastle upon Tyne .
His new name emerged after he was prosecuted for a driving offence , and in 1999 he was badly wounded in a gun attack blamed on the IRA .
Since then , MI5 has moved him to a new location .
Votre domaine demoscene.tv a bien t cr chez OVH .
Vous pouvez ds  prsent lui associer un hbergement ,
en choisissant la solution la plus adapte  vos besoins :
Hbergement Web Une solution conomique
pour hberger vos projets Web :
site Internet , boutique en ligne ,
landing page ...
En savoir plus
Virtual Private Server Alliez la flexibilit du Cloud
 la libert du ddi
avec nos solutions VPS clef en main .
Accompagnez vos projets Web
vers une nouvelle tape .
En savoir plus
UPDATE : Bristol Palin is pregnant , and John McCain supposedly knew .
Image via Flatusyahu
When rumors surfaced Friday that John McCain 's pretty new totally un-vetted running mate Sarah Palin 's eldest daughter Bristol was the real mother of her Down Syndrome - afflicted infant son Trig , and that she had merely pretended  not very effectively at first !  to be pregnant with the child to cover up Bristol 's terrible scarlet shame , our first thought was 1 .
Yeah right ha ha now get me another Black N Tan followed closely by 2 .
But what a rich premise for a quirky premium cable comedy on the unending travails of / unachievable demands placed on the corruption - fighting Christian mom governor from Alaska !*
But someone else with better Photoshop skills thought up that same joke .
Which made us realize , is the basis of this scurrilous rumor nothing but an obvious pun ?
As it turns out , " um probably yes " !
Because we just heard from Josh Moffet , a 19 - year - old Seward , Alaska resident a tipster alerted us had been involved in a car accident with Bristol when she " would " have been seven months pregnant with baby Trig .
We already know her mother was not showing much bump action around that time .
But was Bristol ?
Via MySpace mail of course :
Hi Maureen , Honestly I was a little distracted with her safety rather than her stomach .
I do n't recall her being pregnant at all , she may have been wearing a coat .
No one else at the scene of the accident mentioned the word pregnant so I would say that either no one noticed or she was n't pregnant .
I do find it odd , I do n't support McCain , but I do n't see what this has to do with him .
The public should realize how bad of a politician he is , and not try to dig up dirt on everyone that he associates with .
Do n't you think that it 's probably hard enough having a mentally challenged child ( regardless who it might have come out of ) to take care of .
Hmmmmm debatable but !**
Anyway , here 's the most obsessive thread I could find on this rumor , whose one appearance on DailyKos Friday has garnered so many " Stay Classy ! " awards from the ( always classy )
Right - wing blogosphere I almost thought it must have been planted by the McCain campaign to remind everyone how Karl Rove had once managed to get a bunch of idiots to think his adopted daughter was OMG BLACK , which would be a pretty ingenious way to distance himself from Bush in a sort of subliminable way .***
Because , like , sure it is probably easier for a celebrated first - term governor and media darling to fake a pregnancy in Alaska than most places but is n't her line about " putting down the BlackBerry and picking up the breast pump " kind of just pushing it ?
( So to speak ha ha . )
And I keep coming back to that pun .
It is just " too good to check , " you know ?
When the " dust settles " or whatever I am pretty sure this rumor will be shown to have its roots in the TelevisionWithoutPity boards or something .
UPDATE : This blog has a commenter named " Sue Williams " who claims to 1 . be a Republican and 2 . share a doctor with Sarah Palin .
She says she thinks the baby is Sarah 's on account of the fact that she does n't believe their doctor would lie on behalf of Sarah Palin because everyone in town knows that Sarah Palin is insane , that the flying with broken water thing is just an example of Palin 's warped sense of judgment , and that the source of the rumor is the fact that Bristol DID get pregnant at sixteen ( which everyone knows because Willow 's eighth - grade boyfriend blabbed about it to everyone obvs . ) and DID not only get pregnant but had a " quickie wedding " and is being currently " homeschooled , " and that Sarah 's popular math teacher husband who allowed their youngest to be named after the math he would never do is actually the source of Sarah 's overwhelming thousand - vote margin of victory in her initial foray into electoral politics that happened three minutes ago .
Oh , and also , that Sarah Palin used to have hair extensions .
I do n't know what to make any of this , but the haikus alone are worth a gander folks !
Daily Kos Thread Secret 's Out : Palin's Pregnant { Anchorage Daily News ] Baby News Strikes A Chord [ ADN ] Sarah Palin , an Outsider Who Charms [ NYT ]
Related : Dowd thinks she is more like Sandra Bullock .
" A zealot , but a fun zealot . "
* It would be like ' Saved ' meets ' Northern Exposure ' meets ' Weeds ' , duh , with Tina Fey in the lead , playing basically the same " unlikely feminist heroine surrounded by juvenile men constantly screwing everything up " she plays on ' 30 Rock ' , only with the added twist of said men threatening to actually screw her little alpha girl daughters , a meme with its obvious basis in the indisputable fact that Palin LOOKS LIKE TINA FEY .
** Agreed , that sounds coached by someone , but what CAMPAIGN coaches a 19 - year - old to use the words " do not recall " in a repsonse to a reporter 's MySpace message ?
The campaign that realizes it has totally failed to vet the fact that its pretty running mate nomination is COMPLETELY INSANE ?
No , I feel like that campaign , when it starts its ex post facto vetting process , endeavors not to pull anything that would make the campaign appear actually more incompetent than it already will if said rumor turns out to be true , and coaching a nineteen - year - old vocational school student to respond to a reporter 's MySpace query with the Clintonite " do not recall " phrase knowing that if the rumor at hand is true it is only a matter of time before the whole sordid tale including said media coaching effort is exposed , would actually be that .
I feel like if anything it was " coached by mom , " and in any case it is essentially meaningless , but hey , you know , we take these little tidbits as they come .
And yes she probably WAS wearing a coat duh it being Alaska , although I feel like people do n't usually wear coats while they 're physically driving so it 's possible she was n't , right ?
Oh who knows .
Let God sort it out as they say .
*** So to speak , ha ha !
Also it might remind everyone how there may still be two Americas but you cannot have two fathers and we still have yet to hear from Rielle Hunter 's " real " baby daddy , which would distract people from this .
Music
Classical Music Archives
Resource of 6,900 classical music files in MIDI format from 525 Composers .
Search for a composer or play a random song .
Creating Music
This site lets kids easily create and experiment with music and rhythm by drawing their compositions on a " Musical Sketch Pad " .
Also includes musical puzzles which challenge users to put melodies in the correct order , and other fun activities .
Guitar Lessons
A great selection of video tutorials that introduces beginners to everything from basic instruction on how to hold a guitar , to more advanced subjects like how to play chords , different guitar styles , ear training , and reading sheet music .
Guitar Lesson World
Dozens of lessons and exercises provide visitors with a good start to learning the basics of how to play the guitar .
Introduction to Reading Music
Presents an introduction to the most important topics related to reading music in a very easy to understand way .
Learn About Instruments
Listen to and learn about instruments in the string , woodwind , brass and percussion families .
Music Genre Sampler
Learn about and hear samples of the more popular musical genres like jazz , rock , classical , reggae , celtic , country , and blues .
SFS Kids : Fun With Music
This site , from the San Francisco Symphony , introduces kids to music in a highly entertaining and animated way .
Learn about instruments , and then discover the basics of how music is made , through tempo , rhythm , harmony , and more .
In addition , other activities let you experiment with playing music .
news Rubik s Cubism
Meet Robert Mckinnon .
Electrician by trade and artist by passion , Mckinnon has chosen a particularly unique medium for his pieces : Rubik s Cubes .
Mckinnon starts with a pre-existing photo or image , blows it up in Photoshop and creates a heavily - pixelated image , then rearranges each individual cube to match them all to that image .
Creating a Rubik s Cube mosaic is actually not as hard as it sounds , Mckinnon told Torontoist : all you need to be able to complete a piece like his Mona Lisa ( at right ) or Ray Charles ( at left ) is  solve only one face of the cube . 
The rest is  time [ and ] patience ,  he says .
Time and patience  and a few hundred cubes , a few hundred bucks , and one strong easel .
His Mona Lisa , made of 315 cubes and standing about four feet tall by three feet wide , took twelve hours to make , weighs eighty pounds , and cost $ 400 in materials  most of it dollar store Rubik s Cubes .
( Ray Charles , a little smaller , weighs and cost a little less , as it took only 266 cubes . )
Though he was Toronto - born ( and though he spends most of his free time here ) ,  a series of misfortunes ,  Mckinnon says , has meant that he s now in Georgetown , where , aside from working as an electrician , he writes for the local newspaper and takes on projects like this   making art out of unusual things   in an  attempt to cure boredom . 
He s now experimenting with more detailed pieces ( smaller cubes ) and larger pieces ( more cubes ) .
Though he s not the only one out there doing what he s doing ( there are a few other artists using Rubik s Cubes as art in one way or another ) it is pretty safe to say that he is probably the only Rubik s Cube artist in Toronto , and almost certainly the only one in Georgetown .
McKinnon does nt have a website , but if you want to commission some work , you can email him at [ email protected ] .
Let s be honest : it s hard to think of an occasion for which Rubik s Cube art is nt appropriate .
Larger shots of some of his pieces  Ray Charles , Mona Lisa , and Frankenstein s monster  are after the fold .
All photos courtesy of Robert Mckinnon .
Hat tip to Two Guys From Toronto for the tip .
TPM Reader TR sees the forest for the trees in Trooper - Gate :
Let s assume for a minute that Palin , McCain and all of their collective cronies are right about the trooper - gate investigation being 100 % a partisan witch hunt , notwithstanding the original vote .
So freakin what ?
In the US , congress and state legislatures are tasked with investigating actions of the executive offices .
The executives can then present evidence to defend themselves , and their evidence can include displays of outright partisanship if they find it .
They cannot legally , however , just ignore the legislative bodies .
They are legally required to cooperate .
This is theoretically what makes us different from countries like North Korea , Musharraf s Pakistan , Zimbabwe , etc .
On a second point , how is McCain s campaign legally able to insert itself into an issue that is solely about Alaska ?
The investigation has nothing to do with anything outside of Alaska and it predates Palin s VP candidacy , so it seems to me like some kind of obstruction or interference from a legal point of view .
LAS CRUCES , N.M. , Aug. 21 ( UPI ) -- Republican presidential candidate John McCain said in an interview he was n't sure how many homes he and his wealthy wife , Cindy , own .
Earlier estimates have put the total at seven .
But staffers for McCain , R - Ariz . , said the correct number is four , even if the senator was uncertain , Politico reported .
Advertisement
" I think -- I 'll have my staff get to you , " McCain said in the Tuesday interview .
" It 's condominiums where -- I 'll have them get to you . "
Democrats have recently focused on McCain 's wealth as a counter to his campaign 's attacks on Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , as " elitist . "
They also note McCain 's wife is heir to at least a $ 100 million fortune .
McCain 's comments came a few days after he said in a forum that he considered someone rich only if they had at least $ 5 million .
However , in the Politico interview he offered another definition .
" I define rich in other ways besides income , " he said .
" Some people are wealthy and rich in their lives and their children and their ability to educate them .
Others are poor if they 're billionaires . "
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Cell phone images are providing evidence that a large number of civilians may have been mistakenly killed by U.S. troops operating in Afghanistan last month , two NATO officials said Sunday .
The grainy cell phone video shows blankets and quilts covering bodies inside a building .
The Afghan government , a United Nations review and other reports from the region state that as many as 90 civilians were killed in an August 22 airstrike , but the Pentagon has adamantly disputed the death toll .
Another U.S. military official , who has seen the cell phone imagery but asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media , said Monday there were about 30 bodies , some covered and some in blankets .
There were " several children who appear to be pulled from the rubble , " he said .
The grainy cell phone video , viewed by CNN , shows rows of blankets and quilts inside a building .
In the video , someone lifts the blankets to show the heads of those slain .
People who appear to be mourners sit by their loved ones and wail .
Watch : Video prompts Pentagon probe 
Though CNN has confirmed the military is reviewing the video , CNN has not independently verified the authenticity of the imagery .
The U.S. military source , who has direct knowledge of the investigation , said the initial U.S. assessment was based largely on comparisons of satellite imagery of a 10 - square - kilometer area from before the attack , taken August 14 , and imagery captured after the attack , on August 24 .
Officials viewing the satellite imagery looked for fresh graves after the attack and found only 18 new plots , just in the village area , he said .
A U.S. patrol then went to the area August 26 .
The patrol confirmed those graves but found no others , the source said .
The cell phone images were recently shown to Gen.
David McKiernan , the top NATO commander , who over the weekend asked for a high - level review of the previous military investigation .
That probe concluded the United States was only responsible for a handful of civilian deaths .
One of the NATO officials said it appears there were a number of villagers buried in the rubble that the U.S. troops did not see when they were searching the compound targeted in the airstrike .
It is believed that after the U.S. troops left the compound , villagers pulled the bodies from the rubble and buried them .
Locals apparently took cell phone images and showed them to U.N. investigators , who recently showed them to McKiernan , leading him to request a review .
McKiernan learned of the cell phone imagery only after it was shown to him at the U.N. headquarters in Kabul a few days ago .
" In light of emerging evidence pertaining to civilian casualties in the August 22 counter - insurgency operation in the Shindand District , Herat province , I feel it is prudent to request that U.S. Central Command send a general officer to review the U.S. investigation and its findings with respect to this new evidence , " McKiernan said Sunday in statement .
" The people of Afghanistan have our commitment to get to the truth , " he said .
Afghanistan 's government and the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan concluded that 90 civilians were killed in the August 22 airstrike in the western Afghan province of Herat .
UNAMA said it found " convincing " evidence that 60 children , 15 women and 15 men were killed in the strike .
But the initial investigation by the U.S. - led coalition in Afghanistan found that 30 to 35 Taliban militants and five to seven civilians were killed .
The findings have been handed over to McKiernan .
After the Afghan government concluded its investigation , ministers demanded a review of international troops within its borders .
On August 25 , Afghanistan 's Council of Ministers called on the Defense and Foreign Affairs ministries to start negotiating a " status of forces " agreement with international forces -- which include U.S. and NATO troops .
The council also asked that the ministries demand the international forces halt airstrikes on civilian targets , as well as house searches not coordinated with Afghan authorities and the illegal detention of civilians .
That same day , Afghan President Hamid Karzai announced that he had fired two military commanders , including Gen. Jalandar Shah , the Afghan army corps ' commander for western Afghanistan .
The humanitarian watchdog group Human Rights Watch released a report Monday saying that U.S. and NATO airstrikes in Afghanistan almost tripled from 2006 to 2007 , " fueling a public backlash . "
The report added that this year , there has been a " massive and unprecedented surge in the use of airpower " there .
Karzai has blamed U.S. - led coalition forces for failing to coordinate their attack with the Afghan army .
However , coalition officials said Afghan and coalition troops called in the airstrike as they embarked on a raid to arrest a Taliban commander in Shindand .
The coalition investigation found that U.S. and Afghan forces began taking fire from Taliban militants as the forces approached the target in the early hours of August 22 .
" The intensity of the enemy fire justified use of well - aimed small - arms fire and close - air support to defend the combined force , " the coalition said in a statement released shortly after the strike .
" The type and application of fires were used in accordance with existing rules of engagement . "
Mullah Sadiq , a known Taliban commander , was among the militants killed , the coalition said .
A U.S. military official , who declined to be named because the investigation is ongoing , cast doubt on reports that the strike killed civilians gathered in a room , reciting Quranic verses at 1 a.m .
Regarding reports that most of the 90 deaths were children , the official said there were not 50 children in the entire village .
The airstrike was on a legitimate target , he said , noting that coalition forces found a weapons cache -- including AK - 47s , 4,000 rounds of ammunition and bomb - making materials -- as well as thousands of dollars in U.S. currency .
Investigators also discovered " firm evidence " that militants had planned to attack a nearby coalition base , the coalition statement said .
The airstrike disrupted the militants ' plan , the statement said .
The investigating officer interviewed more than 30 people , both Afghan and American , the statement said .
He also viewed video taken during the engagement , topographic photos of the area before and after , reports from ground and air personnel involved , reports from local medical clinics and hospitals , intelligence reports , and physical data and photographs collected on the site .
Last week , Karzai spoke to President Bush " in general terms " about the incident , the White House said in a statement .
It gave no further details .
All About Afghanistan  NATO  Human Rights Watch  United Nations  The Taliban
Sweet but Deadly /
It 's safe for people , but this increasingly common sweetener can kill your dog
Xylitol :
You may not know what it is , or even how to pronounce it , but it's in a growing number of products from toothpaste to Jell - O .
And while it 's perfectly safe for you , even a tiny amount can kill your dog , and it may be dangerous to other pets , too .
I spoke with veterinary toxicologist Dr. Steven Hansen of the ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center , who told me reports of xylitol poisoning in dogs are on the rise .
He says that 's partly due to increased awareness among veterinarians and dog owners , but mostly because it 's being used in more products than ever before .
This increased popularity is due to many factors .
A type of natural sweetener known as a " sugar alcohol , " xylitol not only does n't cause tooth decay , it prevents it .
It 's widely used in all kinds of dental products including sugar - free gum , breath mints , toothpaste and mouthwash ; even some veterinary dental products intended for canine use contain trace amounts of xylitol ( which is safe ) .
Xylitol has fewer calories than sugar and does n't impact human blood sugar levels , so it 's also become a favorite of diabetics , dieters and anyone trying to cut down on his or her sugar consumption .
That means you 'll find it in muffin , brownie and cookie mixes , as well as candy , energy bars , Jell - O , pudding and ice cream .
It 's even sold in bulk for use in baking and beverages .
In fact , just about anything sweet may contain xylitol .
While this sweetener may be safe and beneficial for people , when it comes to dogs it 's another story .
They metabolize xylitol very differently than we do , and it can send canine blood sugar plummeting to life - threatening lows in just minutes , followed within 12 to 24 hours by liver failure , which is often fatal .
In fact , it 's so deadly that as few as three pieces of xylitol - sweetened sugar - free gum can kill a 20 - pound dog .
Because dogs love sweets and can sniff out food better than almost any other mammal , dogs owners need to be extremely careful to keep xylitol out of dogs ' reach .
Start by reading the labels on everything you buy .
If a product contains the sweetener , treat it like a prescription medication and keep it where your dog can't possibly get to it .
If you buy or make anything that contains xylitol , make sure family members are aware of it and do n't feed their leftover sweets to the family dog .
If despite your vigilance your dog gets into something sweetened with xylitol , at least hope you 're lucky enough to have witnessed it .
Time is critical ; the first thirty minutes can tell the tale of whether your dog will live or die .
If the only clue that your dog was exposed to xylitol is an empty muffin tin you 'd left cooling on the counter , or scattered gum wrappers next to your purse , assume the worst .
Ditto even if you do n't think your dog ate anything that could contain the sweetener , but he 's showing signs of lethargy , staggering , tremors or seizures , or is unconscious .
Some , but not all , dogs also vomit and have diarrhea .
If you know or suspect your dog consumed xylitol , or observe any of those symptoms , contact your veterinarian immediately and tell them you suspect xylitol poisoning .
You can also call the ASPCA Animal Poison Control hotline .
Depending on your dog 's size , how long it 's been since he was exposed , and how much of a dose he got , your dog 's veterinarian or the APCC toxicologist may recommend inducing vomiting .
However , warned Dr. Hansen , if there is any chance the dog also ate something else  such as medication that might have been in your purse  along with the xylitol , vomiting could be harmful .
Some poisons can interfere with the dog's gag reflex , causing him to inhale the toxins instead of throwing up .
Make sure you talk with a vet before deciding to make your dog vomit .
The timing here is crucial .
" If the ingestion was virtually immediate , inducing vomiting is a reasonable concept , " he said .
" If it 's more than 30 minutes , it 's probably of no value whatsoever . "
Your vet will tell you to bring your dog to the hospital , and that 's a necessity , not just a good idea .
" We certainly do n't want anybody getting into an accident getting to the veterinary hospital , " Dr. Hansen said .
" But it is something that we need to act on fairly soon .
I would sure like to have them be seen within the first hour or two . "
Once your pet gets to the clinic , the vet will likely check his blood sugar level and administer glucose intravenously .
Cases caught early have the best prognosis .
" If it 's within the first few hours we have a high degree of success , " said Dr. Hansen .
" It gets more cloudy when we get at the 12 - to 24 - hour range . "
Even if you have a fairly large dog , such as Labrador retriever , who consumed only two or three pieces of gum , having your veterinarian check her out is probably a good idea .
" If it was my Gracie , who is a 45 - pound wirehaired pointing griffon , " Dr. Hansen told me , " I 'd probably monitor her blood glucose just to make sure . "
What about pets other than dogs ?
Cat owners can probably relax .
The ASPCA has received thousands of reports of xylitol toxicity in dogs , but none in cats .
Because cats are n't the indiscriminate gobblers dogs are and do n't have much of a sweet tooth , it 's hard to be certain , but Dr. Hansen does n't think dietary discretion is the reason they 're not seeing feline cases .
More likely , they simply do n't react to xylitol like dogs do .
" We 're really rather confident that this is not an issue in cats , " he said .
Ferret and rabbit owners , however , need to be more cautious .
There are a handful of recorded cases of toxicity in those species , so keep products containing xylitol away from your small pets -- challenging as that can be with ferrets , infamous for getting into things their owners would rather they did n't .
Still , this is primarily a concern for dog owners ; the ASPCA has only a few reported cases in ferrets and rabbits , and more than 2,000 in dogs .
The ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center is available for any animal poison - related emergency 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
If you think that your pet may have ingested a potentially poisonous substance , call ( 888 ) 426-4435 .
The consultation fee is $ 60 .
Christie Keith 's interview with Dr. Stephen Hansen is at www.petconnection.com/blog/hansen-xylitol/.
Christie Keith is a contributing editor for Universal Press Syndicate 's Pet Connection and past director of the Pet Care Forum on America Online .
She lives in San Francisco .
You ca nt make up stuff like this .
In the Sept. / Oct. issue of Contingencies ( the magazine of the American Academy of Actuaries  the people who figure out how much life and health insurance should cost ) there is an article from John McCain .
Here s what McCain says about market - based health reform :
Opening up the health insurance market to more vigorous nationwide competition , as we have done over the last decade in banking , would provide more choices of innovative products less burdened by the worst excesses of state - based regulation .
Opening up the banking market by removing those nasty regulations is exactly what led to the current financial meltdown on Wall Street , as barriers between mortgage banks and investment banks were torn down for the first time since just after the great depression .
Sub - prime mortgages were one of those  innovative products  that resulted .
The cost of bailing out the failing financial institutions is estimated ( by the Bush administration ) to be more money than it would cost to pay for health insurance for every citizen of the US .
So if McCain has his way , we just might be bailing out failing health insurance companies in a few years .
That is , if our country has any money left by then .
UPDATE : Apparently Obama has picked up on this quote .
At a rally in Jacksonville , Obama said that McCain  wants to do for healthcare what Washington did for banking  .
As a side note , the rally attracted an overflow crowd of 28,000 people , 8,000 of whom were turned away at the gate and had to listen from outside .
McCain spoke at the same spot on Monday , and 3,000 people showed up ( less than were turned away for Obama ) .
Billings 3
20 Sep 2008
I d used a variety of billing software in the past ( including doing it manually InDesign ! ) and separate timing apps , but discovering Billings 2 was the first time it all clicked together .
It quickly joined apps like Coda as one of my  how did I ever manage without ?  essentials .
Billings 3 was released today , and here are my thoughts 
First Impressions
The most obvious change is the revised interface .
v2 looked good , but 3 brings it in line with Leopard and makes some key changes to improve workflow .
For example , invoices and payments have now moved - you need to switch to  Account  view to see these .
It took me a a few days to get used to this , but now that I have , it makes much more sense .
( Sorry - could nt use a screenshot from my own copy for obvious reasons ! )
My biggest gripe with v2 was having to go through a rigmarole just to see unpaid invoices , in my mind the most important bit of information !
While there still is nt an entry for this in the sidebar , I can just click on Reports and then Unpaid Invoices .
It s easier to see past invoices too .
Billings has been given a real polish and even minor details have been given attention , like the menubar timer .
Other welcome new features are :
I can see all my slips , and filter by several options
Client groups !
I just set up two - Active and Inactive Clients .
This is a real boon that reduces clutter in the sidebar
Clients with overdue payments show up as red in the sidebar
In general though , the revised interface feels like the majority of the changes .
Negatives ?
There are nt many , but there are a few annoyances :
The individual slip window still feels in need of attention .
If you have more than 99 hours recorded , it only has room to show the first 2 digits .
So 134:20 becomes 13:20 .
Also , the  log  button placement feels like an afterthought , something that would ve been better as a tab :
There s still no way to import individual projects - only restore a complete database .
It s still difficult to invoice in different currencies , which is nt a problem for me , but maybe for you .
The new icon lacks the detail and clarity of version 2 .
I m not sure why they felt this needed to be changed , but this really is minor !
Gripes aside , it s still a welcome and worthwhile update to an already great app .
digg_url = " http://blog.wired.com/underwire/2008/09/moores-slacker.html " ;
Hate him or love him , maverick filmmaker Michael Moore has pwned Hollywood and Washington .
Earlier this week , the politically minded director became the first major cinematic player to release a feature - length film for free online .
Now that film , Slacker Uprising , is killing at the virtual box office .
Moore 's widely panned documentary about the 2004 presidential election is currently ranked No. 1 on Amazon 's Video on Demand movie rentals list .
And , according to Moore and his online distribution partner , Brave New Films , Slacker Uprising is currently being downloaded thrice as fast as the standard blockbuster on iTunes .
Hypernia , a Slacker Uprising distribution partner that facilitates the burning of high - quality DVDs , reports that first - day downloads broke a company record .
The movie 's website was visited by more than 2 million users in its first three days , according to the press release .
" I 'm glad I can provide recession - proof entertainment in these difficult economic times , " cracked Moore in the statement .
The director has made three of the five top - grossing documentaries of all time .
Photo : Brave New Films
See also :
By Ian Youngs
Music reporter , BBC News
The Spice Girls reformed for a 47 - date world tour at the end of 2007 The Spice Girls have beaten Led Zeppelin to an award for the best music reunion of the last 12 months .
The girl group won best live return at the Vodafone Live Music Awards after getting back together for a world tour .
It was judged to have been better than the one - off comeback by rock legends Led Zeppelin , with The Verve and James also nominated .
Primal Scream picked up two of the top awards - for best live act and outstanding contribution to live music .
The show took place at Brixton Academy , with the rock venue lending it something of the atmosphere of a sweaty gig rather than a staid ceremony .
But the event did not just focus on rock bands , with pop acts like The Pussycat Dolls , Will Young and James Morrison performing alongside indie groups Glasvegas , The Automatic and Primal Scream .
The Pussycat Dolls were among the performers at the ceremony Primal Scream are veterans of the live scene , having performed together for 25 years .
They closed the show with three tunes , culminating in their 1994 indie classic Rocks .
They beat The Verve , Muse and the Kaiser Chiefs to the prize for best live act .
Accepting their second prize , bassist Mani said to the crowd : " What 's this one for again ?
Outstanding contribution , was it ?
That will do . "
The nominees were chosen by a panel of judges , with the winners decided by a public vote .
Emma Bunton was the only Spice Girl present , and said she was " a bit shocked " to beat such venerable rock acts as Led Zeppelin .
" We had a great time , " she said of the comeback tour .
" So I just feel very lucky that I had the opportunity to do it again . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The pop group 's victory will raise eyebrows among rock fans , but Bunton told the BBC News website : " The thing is , when you go to a gig , you go for fun and entertainment and a night out .
" And that 's exactly what we did and I think that 's why people enjoyed it so much . "
But she said she did not think the prize would encourage the fivesome to get back together again because they all had " other priorities " .
Mark Ronson was named best live male after taking his album Version on the road with a host of guest vocalists .
He beat Dizzee Rascal , Morrissey and Paul Weller .
Kate Nash won best female , triumphing over Amy Winehouse , Duffy and Estelle .
Mark Ronson presented an award with Destiny 's Child star Kelly Rowland Take
That 's latest shows earned them the trophy for tour of the year , while The Ting Tings picked up best breakthrough act .
Glastonbury headliners Kings of Leon were named best international live act , with T in the Park winning best festival .
Other celebrities at the event included Formula 1 driver Lewis Hamilton , who was watching his girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger perform with The Pussycat Dolls .
Former Blur bassist - turned - cheesemaker Alex James was also at the event , but said : " I am getting it bit old for it all now .
It 's not my music any more . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The COG does not support the hamster dance .
We do , however , fully support the satanic hamster dance .
Why ?
At least he modified the graphics he stole !
Send us mail !
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
When Scott Hoover bought a $ 5 scratch - off ticket in Virginia called " Beginner 's Luck " last summer , he carefully studied the odds .
Even though he figured his chances of winning were a long shot , he felt the odds were reasonable .
In July , USA Today estimated about half of the 42 states with lotteries sold tickets after top prizes were claimed .
Hoover , a business professor at Washington and Lee University in Virginia , was n't surprised when his tickets did n't bring him the $ 75,000 grand prize , but he was shocked to learn the top prize had been awarded before he bought the ticket .
" I felt duped into buying these things , " Hoover said .
He discovered the Virginia State Lottery was continuing to sell tickets for games in which the top prizes were no longer available .
Public records showed that someone had already won the top prize one month before Hoover played .
He is now suing the state of Virginia for breach of contract .
Is this a scratch - off scandal ? 
" It 's one thing to say it 's a long shot to win the $ 75,000 , but it 's another thing to say you have no shot to win it , " said John Fishwick , Hoover 's attorney .
Through a request filed under the Freedom of Information Act , Fishwick 's firm was able to obtain records that showed the Virginia State Lottery sold $ 85 million in tickets for which no top prize was available .
Fishwick says the state should pay $ 85 million in damages .
Paula Otto , executive director of the Virginia State Lottery , said the state 's games are fair and the top prize money is actually a small percentage of the money given out to lottery players .
Most of the players win through the second , third or fourth - place prizes , she said .
Otto also said it 's no longer possible in the state of Virginia to purchase tickets with no top prizes available .
" We absolutely have always been very open and honest with our players about the way our scratch tickets are distributed , " Otto said .
" Yes , there were times when there was a scratch game out there that might 've said " zero " in terms of the number of top prizes , but our players knew that . "
Otto would not comment on the lawsuit , but said she stands by the integrity of the games in Virginia and looks forward to vigorously defending them .
Virginia is n't the only state to sell tickets that have no top prizes available .
USA
Today estimates that about half of the 42 states that have lotteries were , as of early July , continuing to sell tickets after the top prizes are claimed .
Lottery officials from some states say the practice is fair because lesser prizes are still available , and they say tickets and lottery Web sites make that clear .
In New Jersey , tickets for the " $ 1,000,000 Explosion " scratch - off game were still on sale last week , even though the million - dollar grand prize was already awarded .
Lottery ticket buyers outside a New Jersey convenience store were stunned to hear the news .
" Oh really ?
I did n't know that , " one shopper told CNN .
Another added , " That 's just not right . "
Dominick DeMarco , a spokesman with the New Jersey Lottery , said information about winning tickets and prizes is readily available on the lottery Web site and at retail outlets .
However , officials are still looking for ways to improve on their procedures .
Still , Hoover hopes his lawsuit will alert lottery players in all states to be careful before they place their bets .
All About Lottery Results  Personal Finance
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is a foreign affairs analyst who hosts " Fareed Zakaria : GPS " on CNN at 1 p.m. ET Sundays .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
In a column appearing in Newsweek , world affairs expert and author Fareed Zakaria said he thinks it would be best for Republican presidential hopeful John McCain if Gov. Sarah Palin bowed out as his vice presidential running mate .
" For him to choose Sarah Palin to be his running mate is fundamentally irresponsible , " says Zakaria .
Zakaria says McCain did not put the country first in making his V.P. choice , and he says Palin is not qualified to lead the United States .
CNN spoke to him about his commentary titled , " Palin is ready ?
Please . "
CNN : What did you initially think when Sarah Palin was announced as the Republican vice presidential nominee ?
Zakaria : I was a bit surprised -- as I think most people were .
But I was willing to give her a chance .
And I thought her speech at the convention was clever and funny .
But once she began answering questions about economics and foreign policy , it became clear that she has simply never thought about these subjects before and is dangerously ignorant and unprepared for the job of vice president , let alone president .
Watch Zakaria slam Sarah Palin 
CNN : You do n't think she is qualified ?
Zakaria : No. Gov. Palin has been given a set of talking points by campaign advisers , simple ideological mantras that she repeats and repeats as long as she can .
But if forced off those rehearsed lines , what she has to say is often , quite frankly -- nonsense .
Just listen to her response to Katie Couric 's question about the bailout .
It 's gibberish -- an emptying out of catchphrases about economics that have nothing to do with the question or the topic .
It 's scary to think that this person could be running the country .
Here is their exchange :
Katie Couric :
Why is n't it better , Gov. Palin , to spend $ 700 billion helping middle - class families who are struggling with health care , housing , gas and groceries ; allow them to spend more and put more money into the economy instead of helping these big financial institutions that played a role in creating this mess ?
Gov. Sarah Palin :
That 's why I say I , like every American I 'm speaking with , we 're ill about this position that we have been put in where it is the taxpayers looking to bail out .
But ultimately , what the bailout does is help those who are concerned about the health - care reform that is needed to help shore up our economy , helping the -- it 's got to be all about job creation , too , shoring up our economy and putting it back on the right track .
So health - care reform and reducing taxes and reining in spending has got to accompany tax reductions and tax relief for Americans .
And trade , we 've got to see trade as opportunity , not as a competitive , scary thing .
But one in five jobs being created in the trade sector today , we 've got to look at that as more opportunity .
All those things under the umbrella of job creation .
This bailout is a part of that .
CNN : But Dan Quayle was n't very qualified and that did n't seem to matter , did it ?
Zakaria :
This is way beyond Dan Quayle .
Quayle was a lightweight who was prone to scramble his words , or say things that sounded weird , but you almost always knew what he meant .
One of his most famous miscues was to the United Negro College Fund when he said , " What a terrible thing to have lost one 's mind .
Or not to have a mind at all . "
Now he was trying to play off a famous ad that the group used to run , " A Mind is a Terrible Thing to Waste . "
And he screwed it up in a funny way .
But read Gov. Palin 's answers and it does appear that she does n't have any understanding about the topic under discussion .
CNN : But she has a lot of supporters .
Zakaria : Look , I 'm not saying that she is not a feisty , charismatic politician who has done some good things in Alaska .
It is just we are talking about a person who should be ready to lead the United States at a moment 's notice .
She has never spent a day thinking about any important national or international issue , and this is a hell of a time to start .
CNN : Does it make you concerned about Sen. McCain as a president ?
Zakaria :
Yes , and I say this with sadness because I greatly admire John McCain , a man of intelligence , honor and enormous personal and political courage .
However , for him to choose Sara Palin to be his running mate is fundamentally irresponsible .
He did not put the country first with this decision .
Whether it is appropriate or not , considering Sen.
McCain 's age most people expected to have a vice presidential candidate who would be ready to step in at a moment 's notice .
The actuarial odds of that happening are significant , something like a one - in - five chance .
All About Sarah Palin  John McCain  National Economy
Possibly because of excitement over the Russia - Georgia conflict last month , little attention was given to a new development in chemical warfare  the first use by the Israeli police of a new , smelly weapon to disperse demonstrators :
Israeli police say the new crowd - control method , which they call a " skunk bomb , " was used for the first time Friday in the village of Naalin .
Palestinians have been holding almost daily protests against a security barrier that Israel is building in the area .
Israeli police say a water - spraying device showered the liquid on the demonstrators , forcing most to rush off to change their clothes .
The weapons are described as an improvement over the rubber bullets and tear gas used previously , and " medical and legal authorities approved the use of the foul - smelling liquid . "
According to the Jerusalem Post , " some demonstrators described the smell as similar to that of sewage , adding that it was hard to get rid of , even after a shower . "
We 've been waiting for this  Noah noted when the Skunk was developed in 2004 .
According to a report in the UK's Independent newspaper , the chemical involved is an artificial version of skunk liquid :
* The foul - smelling liquid squirted by angry or frightened skunks at their victims was analyzed by Israeli defence scientists and a synthetic version created for use in a weapon they call the " skunk bomb " .
Fired with great care , and from a respectable range , it is designed to force civilian protesters to disperse .
Security forces would not be keen to arrest the victims , and they would be equally unwelcome at home . *
This may signal a shift towards classifying so - called malodorants as " riot control agents . "
There is a whole legal dance around the use of non-lethal chemicals , and the US Army has shown a strong interest in deploying them .
The new 155 mm XM1063 non-lethal artillery round is filled with an unknown chemical agent , and many suspect that this is a malodorant .
It is set to go into production  if it is approved  in the next year .
Jason Sigger took exception to my suggestion that the XM1063 might count as a chemical weaponand so technically be banned by the Chemical Weapons Convention .
However , the CWC defines a toxic chemical as " Any chemical which through its chemical action on life processes can cause death , temporary incapacitation or permanent harm to humans or animals . "
So I strongly suspect it would fall under this heading .
But America specifically regards Riot Control Agents as being exempt from the CWC .
Watch out for revelations about what the XM1063 actually contains , and expect to see lawyers making some money on this one .
Ironic Footnote : Oddly enough , malodorants were used earlier this year by eco-warriors of the Sea Shepherd group , as reported in The Australian :
* Captain of the Steve Irwin Paul Watson denied any attack on the Yushin Maru No. 3 , saying he had not even seen such a boat .
*
But he confirmed the group launched a  retaliatory strike  of butyric acid  stink bombs  at the Yushin Maru No. 2 , about one hour after activists Benjamin Potts and Giles Lane were transferred to the Australian customs boat , the Oceanic Viking .
Greens using chemical weapons ??
You could n't make it up ...
ALSO :
Remember Lynn Forester de Rothschild , the fantastically wealthy wife of an heir to England s most influential and storied banking dynasty ?
About a year ago , she was a Hillary Clinton supporter , and had this to say :
 I think if history is our guide , we ve had stronger economies , more wealth creation , under Democratic presidents than we have under Republican presidents . 
Now she s announcing her support for John McCain for president .
Why not Obama ?
 Because frankly I do nt like him ,  she told CNN .
And why would Forester ( who is a voting American but lives at Ascott House , her husband Sir Evelyn Robert Adrian de Rothschild s country estate in Britain ) not like the Illinois senator ?
 I feel like he has not given me reason to trust him ,  she said .
 I feel like he is an elitist . 
Please allow that to sink in .
As Matthew Yglesias sagely observed , irony is truly dead .
The real reason that Forester de Rothschild probably does nt trust Barack Obama is that his economic plan will raise taxes on people in her income bracket ( the spectacularly rich one ) by upwards of 10 percent .
So not , technically , because Obama is an elitist .
More like because he s targeting the elites , like Forester de Rothschild herself .
Prominent Clinton backer and DNC member to endorse McCain [ CNN ]
Rothschilds Against Elitism [ Yglesias / Think Progress ]
Earlier : Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild , Blonde , Rich , Wise
This time , it s the Philadelphia Police Department that s under scrutiny :
PHILADELPHIA 
A half - dozen police officers kicked and beat three suspects pulled from a car during a traffic stop as a TV helicopter taped the confrontation , and the city s police commissioner said  it certainly does not look good . 
The video , shot by WTXF - TV , shows three police cars stopping a car on a city street on Monday , two days after a city officer responding to a bank robbery was fatally shot .
The tape shows about a dozen officers gathering around the vehicle and pulling three men out .
About a half - dozen officers hold two of the men on the ground .
Both are kicked repeatedly , while one is seen being punched ; one also appears to be struck with a baton .
The third man is also kicked and ends up on the ground .
 On the surface it certainly does not look good in terms of the amount of force that was used ,  Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said .
 But we do nt want to rush to judgment . 
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Many advocates of the proposed $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street trumpet its limitations on large pay packages and so - called golden parachutes for some of the top executives at the troubled firms that will get help .
Barack Obama and John McCain , in endorsing the rescue plan , pointed to the restrictions on Wall Street pay .
And the curbs were a key point stressed by congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle when they spoke about the deal Sunday .
" This is the first time in the history of United States that anything has been done by Congress to curtail excessive CEO compensation , " said House Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank , D - Mass , on Sunday .
" It 's not everything we 'd like , but it 's a very good beginning . "
But those hoping for an end to golden parachutes - the large pay packages that top executives get when they leave a company - may end up disappointed .
The ability of Wall Street executives to continue to get large severance payments is one of the reasons Rep. Peter DeFazio , D - Ore. , said he would oppose the bailout bill .
" The golden parachutes have been exchanged for camouflage parachutes , " DeFazio said during floor debate Monday .
" The execs on Wall Street will still get millions .
Look at the loopholes there . "
Under the bill , Wall Street executives who already have golden parachutes are likely to keep them even if their companies get government help .
" We 're not abrogating contracts , " said a Treasury official who briefed reporters Sunday .
Another Treasury official said that even future golden parachutes could be paid as long as they 're triggered by the sale of a company and not by involuntary termination or corporate failure .
" Our key focus is that we do not want to reward poor performance , " he said .
How will the program work
Most firms getting help will sell mortgage - backed securities to the government through an auction .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke have stressed that it 's important to get as many firms as possible to participate .
And imposing tougher rules on golden parachutes could keep some firms from joining the auctions , according to Treasury officials .
Some firms facing more severe problems are likely to sell assets directly to the government .
Treasury is more likely to be tougher on golden parachutes for those firms , according to the Treasury officials .
Nell Minow , the co-founder of the Corporate Library , a research firm that has pushed for greater shareholder limits on executive pay , said golden parachutes in these cases could end up helping taxpayers .
" Golden parachutes , when done right , are there to align the interest of the executives and the investors , " Minow said .
She said they make executives less worried about losing their jobs and more willing to pursue sales that can benefit investors .
And in the case of firms in the bailout , she said , " the investors are the taxpayers . "
While she would like to see still stricter limits on CEO pay in the firms that are being bailed out , she 's encouraged by some other restrictions in the bill that are n't getting as much attention as golden parachutes .
One is the so - called clawback provision that would force executives to give up past bonuses and incentives when their companies restate past financial results that had earned them that pay .
" The clawback provisions are very strong , " she said .
Minow said she 's still hopeful that Treasury will impose even stricter restrictions on golden parachutes and pay as it implements the program and starts to interact with the firms on a case - by - case basis .
And even if the bill does n't rid Wall Street of golden parachutes , Minow sees it as a good first step toward larger changes down the road .
The silver pole squeaks between her pale , toned thighs as she lifts her 110 - pound frame high into the club 's rafters .
Her strawberry blond hair tumbles loosely over her blue tie - dyed string bikini to her thin waist .
The pumping music goads , " Party like a rock star , " and her eyes roam into the flashing red and blue lights .
She does n't look at the crowd .
From her perch , she flings off the bikini top , which lands in a limp heap onstage .
Right ankle looping the pole , her body dangles upside down like a Raggedy Ann doll , to which she bears some resemblance .
Sliding down , she closes her act in a handstand before flipping upright to saunter offstage .
It is an otherwise drab Wednesday afternoon in June .
The 23 - year - old dancer accompanies the free buffet at the Pink Pony , a strip joint in a Doral warehouse on an industrial block where you can also find good deals on marble .
Her pole tricks are worth the visit , even if the shriveled strip steak is not .
When the music stops , she looks at me .
Her eyebrows rise as if to say , " What did you think ? "
I smile and silently clap , impressed by the acrobatic mastery of this day shift dancer , who calls herself Kamren .
" I 'll be back , " she mouths before approaching each of the seven men in the audience , some wearing visors , some in button - down dress shirts , all suddenly immersed in their beers and averting their eyes from her black - gartered hips as she swings them for tips .
She returns to a chair across from me and sighs .
Kamren arrived on a Greyhound bus two weeks ago .
The only makeup on her face is a smudge of mascara that has melted under her eyes .
" Can I have a dollar ?
is the most annoying part for a stripper , " she laments .
" Even more annoying is when they turn you down . "
The Pink Pony is among a bevy of Miami strip clubs open at noon .
While some poor chumps swing by the Wendy 's drive - through , their friskier frugal counterparts are wise to the cheap eats and eyefuls offered at these clubs .
Where there 's hunger , someone is bound to feed it .
The dancers served up with the buffets include mothers , students , and women striving for some semblance of a normal life in a hustler 's profession , which many hide from their families .
Many prefer the less drunk , less grabby clientele that frequents clubs when the sun is still high .
Others like the practicality : Raising children , fetching the dry cleaning , and picking up groceries is easier when you 're not disrobing at night .
" It 's just like any job , " says Heaven , a 24 - year - old dancer at Miami Gardens ' Tootsies Cabaret , whose mouth is glazed in lipgloss .
She smells like bubblegum .
Day strippers do n't like to be thought of as B - team dancers .
Kamren , for one , says she feels unappreciated .
" I wish more people would come and watch me during the day , because I do actually put on a show . "
I compliment her pole tricks , adding , " I wanted to clap , but I was n't sure of strip club etiquette . "
" You could have .
Some people do applaud , " she assures , her eyes downcast as she leans against the table , making me wish I had .
The thought of entering the Magic City 's nude dancing world by myself made me squeamish .
I 'm not one of those cool girlfriends who escorts her man to clubs .
I was raised Lutheran .
I needed a warmup , a place that felt like home  a corn-hemmed nook of 18,000 in Illinois , where the local strip joint , the Silver Slipper Saloon , was conveniently situated just off I - 80 and pandered to truckers and union laborers .
Driving along I - 75 in North Florida this past May , my fianc and I spotted signs for a joint offering trucker discounts , and I knew I 'd found the place .
At Caf Risqu , patrons can ogle naked ladies over waffles and eggs 24 hours a day .
( And , in a cruel twist , they must do so completely sober .
Caf Risqu does n't serve booze because a local ordinance bans the combination of liquor and total nudity , according to Donna Smith , the caf 's general manager . )
My fianc could not contain his enthusiasm , shouting out each billboard for the club while we were en route .
" We Bare All ! "
" Full Nudity ! "
" Couples Welcome ! "
We pulled into wee Micanopy , about 20 minutes from Gainesville , on a sunny Memorial Day afternoon .
An ancient mall competes with Caf Risqu  a white and blue building that looks like an old Arby 's  as the best thing going in town .
A ruddy potbellied man dressed in black greeted us at the door .
" Locals , truckers , or just passing through ? "
" Uh ... just passing through . "
The door opened to a room lit like a blue and pink neon Wal - Mart .
A sign near the door pointed to the right : " Truckers Showers . "
The six dancers outnumbered the four homely customers facing the narrow , mirrored stage .
Three women sat and chatted with the thin audience while the other three danced .
A stringy - haired blond , who looked about 16 years old , swayed , her small breasts lolling haphazardly .
An older brunette with a lumpy midriff and a dimpled behind gyrated in front of no one .
There was only one dancer who looked as if she could one day graduate from Caf Risqu .
Her auburn hair was pulled into flowing pigtails , and she boasted the curves of a pin-up girl .
To the strains of Michael Jackson 's " Billie Jean , " she pushed her pelvis into the face of a man with a shaved head .
He sat fixated and frozen .
When the song ended , he told her : " You look like the girl from The Exorcist , " an association between strippers and adolescent girls that did n't bode well for the dancer , or society at large .
" What ? " she giggled .
Meanwhile , the redhead slipped on her clothes .
She puckered her full lips in the mirror and squeezed her breasts together before nestling up to a customer sporting a trucker hat .
The next dancer , who had sleek black hair and wore an open - backed evening dress , called for Windex from the kitchen to erase the body smears of her predecessor .
The jukebox stopped , and the room careened into awkward silence .
After a few bites of unappetizing eight - dollar teriyaki chicken wings , my fianc shoved his chair from the table .
" Ready ? " he asked .
A few days later , back in Miami , I decided to start my solo excursion into the strip world at the bottom : i.e. , anywhere near Miami International Airport , the sort of end - of - the - road place where it 's easy to find anonymity and escape .
Club Pink Pussycat is dead shortly after noon on the last Wednesday in May .
The fading Pepto - dismal pink building on NW 36th Street is wedged under the Airport Expressway at Okeechobee Road , in the shadows of Miami Jai -Alai .
There is one man inside the cavernous club .
He wears a flattop and glasses and holds a beer in his hand .
A seasoned woman with scraggly yellow hair and gold bangles glares from behind the bar .
No one is naked .
For that , I am glad .
" A Diet Coke , please ? " I order ridiculously .
" You can't be here , " she says , hands on hips .
" Really ?
Why not ? "
" Because we have our own girls working here . "
" Oh , I 'm not working .
I 'm just passing through , " I say , employing the only phrase in my strip club vocabulary .
" I 'm sorry .
You can't stay , " she says .
" Sometimes a guy brings in a girl and offers to other guys : ' Oh you can have her for $ 20 , $ 100 . '
And maybe you are his wife .
And you go all crazy and you break a bottle on his head . "
I look to the flattopped man , who is sipping quietly .
He shrugs as if to say , " You never know . "
" Does that happen ? "
" No , not really , " the barkeep mumbles , eyes pointing to the door .
Outside , a man in broad aviator shades grunts as he hands over the keys to my Honda Civic , valet - parked five steps away .
My next stop is Bottoms Up Lounge on Calle Ocho , near SW 57th Avenue .
It 's a tiny dive bar with pink metal siding and the smell of stale cigarettes that hits you from the sidewalk .
Lou , a balding manager with a phone - sex voice and a face to match , also refuses me .
In seconds I transform from strip club virgin to activist .
Do n't single women have just as much right to enjoy a quick bite over female genitalia ?
Even though the clubs are private , I contact the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida .
They do n't see the travesty .
" We are not the appropriate organization to comment on this , " a spokesman says .
A few hours after getting kicked out , I easily recruit a male co-worker to escort me to the Pink Pussycat .
The waitress does n't welcome me back when my colleague and I order a pair of Bud Lights .
" Do you want a glass ? " she asks , which I smugly accept as her unspoken apology .
Four men huddle near the stage , clutching dollar bills and yelling like there 's a cockfight at their feet .
From the bar , I see flashes of intertwined legs .
I fear going closer .
Soon , Sasha approaches .
The dancer looks to be in her forties , with an unfortunate set of crow 's feet and bony fingers she knits into her black fishnet top .
She leans toward me and jiggles .
" I like women , " she says , looking at me with clearly feigned lust .
She nudges my knees apart with a hand .
I cackle nervously and close them .
" I 'm studying theology , " she tells us .
" Oh really ?
That 's great , " I say , happy to have underestimated her .
" Do you want to be a pastor ? "
" No , not a pastor . "
" Where do you study ? "
" From a book . "
She motions for me to move my turquoise blue bag , which has been locked over my lap like a chastity belt .
I shake my head no .
We end up buying her $ 43 worth of champagne .
She presses my co-worker to buy me a lap dance .
We do n't budge .
Then she asks if we 're cops .
I realize I will never pass for a strip club connoisseur .
Her drugstore perfume clings to me when I leave .
Hours and multiple handwashes later , I still smell like an aging stripper .
A woman with a silky black bob , Snow White skin , and rouged lips swings her listless hips to AC / DC's " Back in Black " on the main stage at Showgirls , a boxy club tucked off South Dixie Highway in Cutler Bay , near a Meineke shop .
She gnaws her gum like a cud .
Squatting to the right , knees spread wide , she rests longingly against a pole .
Tables ring the purple - hued space as if it's a theater in the round .
The woman turns to the front row , but her eyes hover above the eager audience of six men , gazing to an imaginary horizon .
She releases her white bikini top .
Her nipples are perky ; her expression is not .
" These girls do n't dance , " Sara Lee , a buxom woman with long auburn hair and sharp green eyes , says as she critiques the bored dancer during the lunch shift .
She leans against the club 's main bar and has a clear view of the reception area , where she works .
Showgirls sits among big - box stores , not far from Florida 's Turnpike and Chuck E. Cheese 's , and offers free lunch from noon to 2 p.m .
The club serves everything from cheese sticks to fish sandwiches to caesar salad .
" God , I wish they would put me onstage , " continues Sara Lee , who is 34 years old .
" I 'd show those girls .
I was never just like , ' Hey , look at this . '
I very rarely sat with my legs open and fingered myself , like those girls do . "
In late September , Sara Lee , a career day dancer , was forced into retirement after surgery .
She 'd torn a ligament in her left knee during an onstage move 15 years ago , and it had never healed properly .
" I 'm still getting over the loss of my career , " she says .
Sara
Lee returned to the club as a hostess .
Soft after gaining a few pounds since her strutting days ended , she exudes an earthy femininity .
She believes men come to clubs in search of a type of woman who is nearing extinction .
" There are no good female role models these days .
You have to either be masculine , like Hillary Clinton , or Marilyn Monroe  a sex symbol .
Where are the Dagny Taggarts ? " she says , referring to the rational yet passionate heroine of Ayn Rand 's 1957 book Atlas Shrugged , one of her favorites .
" I 'm not saying women should put on aprons or stop burning our bras , but there is something sweet about a feminine woman . "
Indeed , academic research bears out her theories .
College of the Atlantic anthropology professor Katherine Frank has been studying the adult entertainment industry for years .
The attractive blond academic with a Duke Ph.D. danced nude at clubs for research .
In a 2003 Journal of Sex Research article drawn from 30 interviews with male customers , Frank reported , " Some men ... explicitly stated a desire to interact with women who were not ' feminist ' and who still wanted to interact with men in ' more traditional ' ways . "
In a club , they could relax and escape from the " rules " of the postfeminist world .
Sara Lee began dancing at Club Paradise in Tulsa , Oklahoma , a year after going into labor in her high school social studies class at age 17 .
Her parents made her quit work , but at age 18 , she returned .
" I was hooked , " she says .
" All these guys think you 're a goddess and dump money on you .
I felt like I was living large with a new car and all that crap from Rent - A - Center . "
A few years later , in her early twenties , she was sitting on a flat - bed truck in Middletown , New York , when she was approached by a man whose shaggy blond hair crept from beneath his black cowboy hat .
He was a traveling carnival worker .
She joined the show .
They married in February 1998 .
Her son , Kyle , went with her .
( Now age 17 , Kyle has known about his mother 's job for three years . )
Sara Lee earned a role as Metamorphosis Girl .
She 'd buy leopard prints from Jo - Ann Fabrics , fray them a bit , and tie them around her body .
A mirror trick would turn her head into a ferocious gorilla or a drooling fly .
She stripped during the day at clubs along the way and worked the carnival at night .
But her husband got hooked on crack , and she caught him cheating with other women  and men .
They separated around 2000 .
She ended up in Florida City , where she had stopped during a break from the carnival .
She soon found a job at Playpen South , just a few miles north , and as a breakup present to herself , got her boobs done .
" I 'll show you , " she says , eagerly lifting her black dress shirt and pinching her 40 Ds like teats .
" Before , they were like fried eggs .
I filled them up to their former glory . "
She sees the daytime stripper as an antidote to infidelity .
The day clients , she says , are the " good guys , " married professionals with kids .
" A lot of guys do n't want to cheat on their wives , so they sit here and drink a beer and watch some boobies bounce up and down , " she explains .
" Sure , guys want to see a perfect - looking body , but what 's more important is a girl who will listen . "
A few minutes later , a slight , gray - haired , bespectacled man approaches the reception area to smooch Sara Lee on the lips .
" Bye , sweetheart , " she whispers in a saccharine tone .
" I 'll see you every time I close my eyes . "
Once he leaves , her voice reverts to normal .
" They come here for the fantasy to have that girl that says yes and laughs at their jokes and does n't complain about little annoying habits . "
On days she 's not up to being sweet to her boyfriend , she tells him : " Go get a fucking lap dance . "
After giving a tour of Showgirls , Sara Lee introduces me to two of the club 's day strippers : Athena ( who requested her stage name be changed ) and Extazy .
Like a proper lady , Athena primly spreads a white cloth napkin on a black barstool before sitting .
She is topless and does n't bother to replace her black and white bikini .
The slender 22 - year - old smoothes her long , ramrod - straight brown hair .
She releases the bills crumpled in her fist and counts them : 10 bucks .
As we talk , the spindly legs of a flat - chested woman stalk by on the bar .
" I feel so guilty , " Athena says of stripping when I tell her I 'm working on a story for New Times .
( I had given up trying to pass as a customer . )
" Do you guys have any jobs ? "
She lives with her mother , a nurse , who thinks Athena works at Ann Taylor at The Falls shopping mall in Palmetto Bay .
Athena wants to be a teacher .
Like other strippers I met , she claims to be a student at Miami Dade College , which seems to be furthering the educational goals of half the daytime strippers in the area .
" Ever since I 've got saved , I 've felt out of place , " she says , wringing her hands in her lap and looking around .
" It 's sinful .
I want to get out of here .
I 'm a Christian . "
Athena 's disaffection came after she dropped some bad Ecstasy .
She made a promise to God :
She would go to church if He let her live .
The day before our meeting , she had attended a Bible study .
She told the group she used to be a stripper , too embarrassed to admit she had n't quit .
They prayed over her and she burst into tears .
She pledged not to return to Showgirls , but her checking account is overdrawn .
It 's the next day and here she is .
She pulls out her cell phone to show me photos of herself , as if to prove there 's more to her than a topless girl .
" See , I have glasses  like yours . "
Athena 's friend , Extazy , has just turned 20 .
Petite and curvy with shoulder - length ringlets and a little girl 's laugh , she is Hawaiian , but patrons think she 's Latina .
When she does n't respond to Spanish , the mean ones get mad and call her a whore .
Both women started out working nights , but they prefer days , when the clientele is older , tamer , and richer .
" Older men are more willing to spend , " Extazy says .
" Though sometimes they 're perverted .
I can tell they 're like child molesters . "
" They are more respectful , " Athena chimes in .
" Young guys like to see free you - know - what . "
They share stories of backsides bitten , breasts squeezed , indecent proposals , and dollar bills crammed in places nobody would want them .
Like other dancers , they do n't exactly have a glowing image of their male customers  especially the ones who give them only a single dollar .
The pair asserts the day shift can bring in just as much money as the nighttime .
Athena hit her record , around $ 700 , on a Sunday afternoon , a good shift .
" They go to church ; then they get bored , " she explains .
Typically the dancers earn a few hundred dollars each day .
( Strippers at higher - end clubs estimate they earn $ 1,000 on a good day shift and do n't like to leave without at least $ 500 . )
Both pledge they 're on their way to quitting .
" I feel like it 's degrading , " Athena says .
" It 's good money , but I do n't need it anymore .
I do n't think any women should be doing this . "
Extazy , who dabbles in painting portraits and landscapes , aspires to work in a gallery .
" I just want to do it and move on with my life . "
About a week later , Athena sends me a text - message update : " STILL LOOKIN FOR A JOB . "
I text back : " R u at showgirls in the meantime ? "
" :( yeah I wanna stop "
" its hard - ebody has to pay bills "
" Yeah but i rather work a normal job "
Two days later , she forwards an image of Christ with the message that the picture is sacred .
But faith alone does n't pay the bills .
Rain seems to spit , just to rub in the grayness of this Thursday afternoon in June on a soulless swath of downtown NE 11th Street .
White , purple , and gold balloons bob outside Gold Rush , lending the place the melancholy air of a lousy garage sale .
Gold Rush holds the local distinction of being the only club open 24 hours a day .
To customers , it 's also known as a place where they do n't have to pay " tolls " ; girls do n't ask for a dollar after they dance .
Inside , a neon green sign flashes " All U Can Eat , " under which a free buffet offers chicken parmigiana with salad and lentil soup .
On Fridays ,
Al the cook hauls out a beef carving station .
Near a long stage , three men hover like bees around a blond with a high ponytail that loops into spirals .
She wears a rose - colored see - through lace top and ruffled panties , and introduces herself as " one of the Barbies . "
( Apparently , at Gold Rush , there are two . )
Sparkles dust her eyelids .
The gang has been partying since the night before .
" We do n't want to go home , " says the most lucid of the bunch , a clean - cut 29 - year - old Cuban in a preppy jersey shirt .
" I call this area the Bermuda Triangle .
You get lost here . "
When I ask him his name , he says , " You can call me Giovanni .
The good thing about being in a strip club is you do n't have to use your real name . "
Giovanni boasts he 's been out since around 8 p.m. the night before .
He tells me he worked in real estate but is looking to expand his business into bail bonds ( " bad economy , more crime on the street , " he explains ) .
After a trip to Solid Gold , the storied gentlemen 's club in North Miami Beach , he returned to Gold Rush around 5:30 a.m .
Now , 16 hours later , he claims to have spent $ 2,000 and the better part of a day " doing some cocaine , drinking a lot , and smoking a lot . "
The eldest member of the nocturnal trio is a native New Yorker , who says he 's 40 , though his wrinkles tell another story .
He swoops in , inches from my nose .
" Where are you from ? " he slurs .
" Near Chicago , " I reply .
" Why do you like it here ? "
" I like music , " he says .
" I like fun .
I like pretty girls , but I 'm partial to girls from Chicago .
You 're so cool ; I can warm you up . "
Thanks to the horror stories from Extazy and Athena , I 'm unfazed by his line and press for a better answer .
" Women , once I sleep with them , they end up kicking my ass , " he explains .
" Here you can talk to pretty girls without all that . "
The men move to a nearby table , where Barbie cuddles up to Giovanni .
At this point , I realize my job is not that different from hers  aside from the whole clothing thing .
We 're both giving them attention .
She 's tipsy but coherent .
" I 'm a mommy , " she tells me .
" Us mommies , we are only here to make things better for our children . "
Her daughters , ages six and eight , live with her father during the week while she works , she says .
She crashes at a cheap motel nearby .
" I'm a feminist , " Barbie says from Giovanni 's lap .
" Dancers are like , ' Okay , you want to be a male chauvinist pig ?
Well , I 'm a feminist pig . '
It 's not degrading to us .
It comes down to business . "
The third guy in the group , a 28 - year - old who talks quickly and belches loudly , sits nearby .
His eyes dart around the nearly empty room .
The only other customer is a lawyer on his lunch break ; he has his back to the rowdy crew and plays video poker as his plate of chicken parm cools .
" It does n't matter what a girl 's [ breast ] size is , right ? "
Barbie asks , turning to the 28 - year - old .
" I'm an ass man , " he says .
She stands , back arched , and wiggles her round tush near his face .
" Big asses ? "
" Big asses but no cankles , " he says gravely .
She titters , doubling over , ponytail dropping to one side .
" What are cankles ? "
" When there 's no difference between the calves and the ankles , " he says .
Barbie turns to me .
" Do you want to get onstage ? "
" No , no , no , " I demur .
" I 'm shy . "
" You do n't have to dance .
Just see what it 's like . "
She grabs my wrist , pen still in hand , and leads me to the purple and green neon - lit plastic steps to the elevated stage .
I reluctantly shuffle up .
Barbie places my right hand on the pole and points to the mirror behind the bar , where liquor bottles are lined in a target - ready row .
" Look at yourself in the mirror , " she instructs .
" Shake your booty a bit . "
I muster a stifled wiggle .
From below , Giovanni extends his arms and graciously catcalls , " Whoo ! "
" Now , to the mirror on this side , " she says , pointing to the back .
I see myself in nerdy glasses and conservative black pants , next to her voluptuous body in black heels .
Again , I do my PG - rated shake .
She beams , seemingly glad I tried .
" See , that makes you feel good , right ? "
Indeed , I 'm smiling .
I start to understand how she can do it .
She dances for herself , and I begin to recognize that far - off gaze into the mirror I 've seen on the faces of so many day strippers .
Kamren has a few minutes before her next dance at the Pink Pony .
She nibbles on a plate of pineapple collected from the buffet .
More dancers than customers seem to graze on the free food .
She 's been in Miami only a few weeks , residing a cheap cab ride from work .
She danced herself to the Doral club from Mays Landing , New Jersey , a town of less than 3,000 , which she left with four suitcases and a broken heart .
Her dance career began two years ago in Atlantic City .
She is self - taught on the pole and says she studied ballet , tap , and jazz at Atlantic Cape Community College .
Kamren pledges to put on a show every time she dances , even if it 's not rewarded by the customers .
" Guys , they will watch you and be astounded , but they wo n't pay for it , " she says .
" The most common compliment I get anymore is , ' Wow , you have a pretty pussy . ' "
She hated men , she says , even before she got into stripping , after a relationship rife with betrayal .
Through dancing , she has gained confidence .
" There 's nothing I can't do now , " she asserts .
" I can walk up to just about anybody or stand in the middle of the stage and say whatever I want and not need to be like , ' Imagine the crowd is naked . '
I 'm standing here naked .
Who gives a shit ! "
If men are willing to dole out dollars on their lunch breaks , she 's willing to take them .
" I dance because I enjoy it , not because you 're watching me . "
But , sitting before me , Kamren has an expression as glum as the one she wears onstage .
She gathers her long , wavy hair with her hand and sweeps it down her back .
Legs crossed , she flits a high - heeled foot like she 's waiting for the next Greyhound bus out .
Best Wireless Mouse : Premium Gaming and Productivity Mice
Looking for the best wireless mouse ?
These are our top picks , from the best wireless gaming mice , to the best cable - free mice for work .
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( AP )
 Weary Zimbabweans are facing a new wave of price increases that will put many basic goods even further out of their reach : A loaf of bread now costs what 12 new cars did a decade ago .
Independent finance houses said in an assessment Tuesday that annual inflation rose this month to 1,063,572 percent based on prices of a basket of basic foodstuffs .
Economic analysts say unless the rate of inflation is slowed , annual inflation will likely reach about 5 million percent by October .
As stores opened for business Wednesday , a small pack of locally produced coffee beans cost just short of 1 billion Zimbabwe dollars .
A decade ago , that sum would have bought 60 new cars .
To ease cash shortages , Zimbabwe recently introduced a $ 500 million note ,
see BBC report here
.
Thanks to
SCSU Scholars
Prime numbers play a hugely important role as the fundamental building blocks of our number system  and they remain at the centre of some of the biggest mysteries of mathematics .
Prime numbers are those whole numbers that can only be divided by themselves and the number 1 .
For example , 7 is a prime , but 6 is not , because 6 = 2  3 . Non-primes are known as composite numbers
What makes primes the fundamental building blocks of our number system is the fact that every whole number can be written as a product of prime numbers .
For example , the number 60 can be written as 60 = 2  2  3  5 .
What 's more , there 's only one way of doing this .
Any expression for 60 as a product of primes involves precisely the same primes , but possibly arranged in a different order .
Because of their important role in number theory , mathematicians make sustained efforts to discover the properties of the sequence of primes as a whole , and to identify further primes .
We have known for over 2000 years that there are infinitely many primes , but there is no single formula which produces all prime numbers .
However , there are procedures that systematically generate a list of all the primes up to a given size .
Here , we 'll look at a method that does this visually , so that the sequence of primes unfolds before our eyes .
The method is called the visual sieve because it sieves out the composite numbers , leaving the primes behind .
It was devised by Yuri Matiyasevich and Boris Stechkin , mathematicians working within the Steklov Mathematical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences .
At the heart of the method lies this diagram :
Figure 1 : The visual sieve .
If you look closely , you might be able to see how this diagram relates to the primes .
You might also notice that the diagram actually looks rather like a sieve  a nice convergence between the mathematical language and the object it describes !
For now , though , we 'll construct this diagram step by step .
We 'll discover how , as we follow the steps , the sequence of primes emerges .
Making a sieve
We begin with a basic background diagram .
We draw and - axes and mark the positive - axis with and the - axis with .
These axes are shown below .
Figure 2 : The axes .
On these axes we plot the curve .
To clarify , at every point on this curve , we have .
For example , two points lying on the curve are and .
This type of curve is known as a parabola .
Figure 3 : The parabola .
Figure 4 : Marking points .
To complete the basic diagram , we will mark two sets of points lying on the parabola .
To form the first set , we begin by marking the pointand labelling it with , and then marking the pointand labelling it with .
We continue , marking the pointfor every whole numbergreater than or equal to .
We will need to choose a suitable point to stop ; this will depend on the size of our sheet of paper ( or computing capacity ) !
We label each pointwith .
These points all lie on the upper half of the parabola .
We form the second set of points by marking the pointfor every whole numbergreater than or equal to , and labelling it with .
These points all lie on the lower half of the parabola .
The visual sieve diagram at the beginning contains a great many straight lines .
We 're now going to add these straight lines to our basic diagram in groups .
We 'll add each line by joining a pair of points marked on the parabola - always joining a point on the upper half with one on the lower half .
We 'll start by joining the points and , as shown below .
Figure 5 : The first line .
We then join the pairs and ; and and .
We continue , joining to every point we 've marked on the lower half of the parabola .
The result is shown below .
Figure 6 : The first group of lines .
Next we do all this the other way up , joining to every point marked on the upper half of the parabola .
We 've now drawn in the two first groups of lines , and together they 're shown below .
Figure 7 : The first two groups of lines .
We now repeat this process , taking each of the points marked on the upper section , i.e. , , , and so on , and each point marked on the lower section , as our starting points .
We 've now completed the diagram , and the whole thing is pictured again below .
Figure 8 : The complete visual sieve .
Let 's pause for a moment to consider what we 've actually done here .
For each pair of whole numbers and , greater than or equal to , we 've joined the points and .
Let 's give the line we 've drawn a name - say .
Now we 're able to single out any line we like for our attention ; for example , on the diagram below the line is marked in red .
Figure 9 : The line L( 3,4 ) marked in red .
What 's happening ?
Let 's now look at what the visual sieve is telling us .
For the moment we 'll focus our attention on the - axis .
As we run our eye along it , from left to right , we 'll pass over the markings for all the positive whole numbers .
We can see that some of these whole number points are crossed out by a line ( or several lines ) passing through them - while others are not .
At this point we might well wonder whether there 's any significance in this .
Well , it turns out that all the composite numbers are crossed out by lines , while all the prime numbers are not !
The sequence of primes simply emerges before our eyes as we build up the diagram .
Why does it work ?
So why are the composites crossed out while the primes are n't ?
It 's all because of one fundamental fact about the lines we 've drawn on our diagram .
Before we explore this fact let 's recall our way of describing the lines we added .
If and are any two whole numbers greater than or equal to , then is the line joining the points and .
Now , instead of thinking about which points on the - axis are crossed out , and which are n't , we can turn the question around , and ask which point is crossed out by each line .
It turns out that the line actually crosses out the point !
For example , the line joining and crosses out the number .
This fact explains everything : any composite number can be factorised into , where each of and is at least .
There may be more than one way of doing this , but we just need to choose one .
Of course , the numbers and in this factorisation depend completely on the number we started with .
If we then turn to the line , we know that it crosses out the number .
But this is equal to itself , so we know that is crossed out !
On the other hand , what happens to a prime number ?
Well , we know that there 's no way of factorising into with both and at least .
So that means that there 's no line which crosses out .
But why doescross out ?
This is really the same as asking : why does the linemeet the - axis at the point ?
We can answer this using geometry .
We 'll pretend for now that we know nothing about where the line meets the - axis , and we 'll use some geometrical ideas to find the meeting point from scratch .
Very different things will happen depending upon whether and are equal or unequal .
Let 's look first at what happens if they 're equal .
The line now looks as shown in the diagram below .
The scales and labels have been omitted so that we are representing any rather than a specific one .
Figure 10 : The line L( i , i ) .
We see that is a vertical line , and that any point lying on it has the same - coordinate , ( or , since that 's the same ) .
So the point where meets the - axis also has - coordinate .
But this is equal to , because and are equal .
This is the result we expected , and that 's dealt with what happens if is equal to .
From now on we can work on the assumption that the whole numbers and are not equal .
We can draw the line , and note some important features .
The figure below shows the situation when is greater than ; we will concentrate on this , because the situation when is less than is very similar .
Figure 11 : The line L( i , j ) .
Here we mark the two points and , and the point where the line meets the - axis , which we 'll call .
We want to find the - coordinate of this point , so let 's give it the name .
The next thing we 'll do is to form two triangles using the points we 've marked .
Figure 12 : Forming two triangles .
The first triangle has corners at ( this is the point on the upper half of the parabola ) ( the point directly below on the x- axis ) and .
One of its sides is a segment of the line , and it has a right angle at .
The second triangle has corners at , ( the point on the lower half of the parabola ) and , ( the point directly below ) .
Again , a segment of the line forms one of its sides , and the angle opposite that side is a right angle .
We can now mark on the diagram the lengths of some of the sides of these triangles .
The first triangle has vertical side of length and horizontal side of length .
The second has vertical side of length and horizontal side of length .
Figure 13 : Side lengths .
About the author
We 're now in a position to exploit the fact that these two triangles are similar : one is a scaled - up version of the other .
Another way of saying this is that the ratios between corresponding pairs of sides of the two triangles are the same .
This translates into symbols asSo now we have an equation relating , and .
We just have to see whether we can rearrange it and obtainexpressed in terms ofand .
Starting withwe 'll multiply both sides of the equation by bothand .
Then we 'll collect everything involvingon the left - hand side , and everything else on the right .
Here are the steps we go through :
So we 've found that .
This means that , on the visual sieve diagram , the linemeets the - axis at the point with - coordinate .
That 's exactly what we were trying to find out !
This tells us that the linedoes cross out the number .
So we 've seen that each linecrosses out the number .
This in turn completes the explanation of why any composite number is crossed out by one of our lineswhile no prime number is .
So , as we build up the sieve diagram step by step , all the composite numbers are crossed out one by one , and the primes gradually appear in the gaps between them .
I find the way this happens highly appealingI hope you do too !
Abi grew up in the north of England , and moved south to study maths at Imperial College , London , and Queen Mary , University of London .
She now teaches maths at the Open University and is working on a research project on on - line tutorials .
Abi's main mathematical interest is group theory .
The California State Supreme Court has ruled that non-compete clauses in employment contracts are not enforceable in California .
I 'm reminded of the study from the Duke Center for the Public Domain that concluded that the reason that the tech corridor on Route 128 near Boston had grown so much more slowly than Silicon Valley was that Massachusetts has enforceable non-competes , while California does not .
The researcher concluded that in California , the best talent moved to the best companies , while on Route 128 , crummy companies could lock up great people for years at a time through non-compete agreements .
Note that none of this invalidates confidentiality agreements  you 're still not allowed to disclose secrets  but you 're allowed to work for whomever will hire you , without the cold dead hand of your last boss tugging on your belt .
Californians have the right to move from one company to another or start their own business and can't be prohibited by their employer from working for a competitor in their next job , the state Supreme Court ruled Thursday .
In a unanimous decision , the justices said state law since 1872 has forbidden what are called noncompete clauses that restrict management employees ' options after they leave a company .
State Supreme Court rejects noncompete clauses
( via /. )
Eric Clapton Style Lick is a free video guitar lesson by Jody Worrell that will teach you a blues guitar lick featuring some interesting bends in the style of Eric Clapton .
Jody will start by teaching you how to play the lick with note by note instruction .
We ll spend extra time on a technique Clapton used that involved a whole step bend , killing the note with your pick against the string , and then dropping down a fret and playing a half step bend .
We ll also practice playing this lick over a jam track in the key of D .
Get access to over two hours of Eric Clapton style lessons as part of our premium membership plan .
Hundreds of Lessons ( see the full list )
Professional Teachers
Organized Lessons & Courses
HD Quality Video
Viewable on Desktops / Tablets / Mobile
Tablature on Screen
Play Along Jam Tracks
Money Back Guarantee
Cancel Anytime 7 DAY FREE TRIAL
From HaskellWiki
Abstract
Reactive is a simple foundation for programming reactive systems functionally .
Like Fran / FRP , Reactive has a notions of ( reactive ) behaviors and events .
Some unusual features :
Much of the original interface is replaced by instances of standard type classes .
In most cases , the denotational semantics of these instances is simple and inevitable , following from the principle of type class morphisms .
The original idea of reactive behaviors is composed out of two simple notions : Reactive values are temporally discrete and reactive .
They have a purely data representation , and so cache for free .
Time functions are temporally continuous and non-reactive .
Reactive provides and builds on functional futures , which are time / value pairs with several handy type class instances .
Futures allow one to conveniently compute with values before they can be known , with a simple , purely functional semantics ( no IO ) .
Futures are polymorphic over both values and time , requiring only that time is ordered .
, which are time / value pairs with several handy type class instances .
Futures allow one to conveniently compute with values before they can be known , with a simple , purely functional semantics ( no IO ) .
Futures are polymorphic over both values time , requiring only that time is ordered .
A particularly useful type of time , based on Warren Burton 's improving values , reveals partial information in the form of lower bounds and minima , before the times can be known precisely .
( Semantically non-flat . )
, reveals partial information in the form of lower bounds and minima , before the times can be known precisely .
( Semantically non-flat . )
Improving values are implemented on top of a semantically simple unambiguous choice operator , unamb .
Although unamb is built on Concurrent Haskell threads , the scheduler nondeterminism does not leak through ( assuming the argument - compatibility precondition holds ) .
operator , unamb .
Although unamb is built on Concurrent Haskell threads , the scheduler nondeterminism does not leak through ( assuming the argument - compatibility precondition holds ) .
Reactive manages ( I hope ) to get the efficiency of data - driven computation with a ( sort - of ) demand - driven architecture .
For that reason , Reactive is garbage - collector - friendly .
( GC favors demand - driven computation . )
The inspiration for Reactive was Mike Sperber 's Lula implementation of FRP .
Mike used blocking threads , which I had never considered for FRP before a conversation with him at ICFP 2007 .
While playing with the idea , I realized that I could give a very elegant and efficient solution to caching .
Besides this wiki page , here are more ways to find out about and get involved with Reactive :
Reactive is intended to be used with a variety of " legacy " ( imperative ) libraries for graphics , GUI , robotics , web services , automatic recompilation and re-execution , etc .
For an example of how to wrap up such libraries for use with Reactive , see the reactive - glut project .
The reactive - fieldtrip project connects Reactive and FieldTrip .
This page replaces old - reactive .
Mike Mergen is a freelance photographer based in Philadelphia , PA .
His work can be seen at http://www.mimages.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Barack Obama is gaining steadily on Hillary Clinton among Democratic superdelegates , nearly erasing her last advantage in a presidential race where those party insiders could be the ultimate kingmakers .
In a danger sign for Clinton , Obama over the past few months has sharply cut her lead among superdelegates -- nearly 800 elected officials and party leaders free to back any candidate .
 Obama has won more delegates , he s won more votes , he s raised more money , and now you see it happening with superdelegates too ,  said Simon Rosenberg , head of the Democratic advocacy group NDN .
Neither Obama nor Clinton is likely to win enough pledged delegates in state contests to clinch the hard - fought battle for the Democratic presidential nomination , leaving superdelegates to decide the race .
The Democratic nominee will face Republican John McCain in the November election .
Despite heavy courting by Clinton , most of the superdelegates who made up their minds since January backed Obama .
Clinton s superdelegate lead dwindled to about 30 from 100 in that time .
A count by MSNBC gives Clinton 256 superdelegates to Obama s 225 .
Obama , an Illinois senator , has gained steam in the past month , winning more than two dozen new commitments , compared with a handful for Clinton , a New York senator .
 It has been a drip , drip , drip toward Obama ,  said Steven Schier , a political analyst at Carleton College in Minnesota .
 Superdelegates can see Obama s advantages growing , and it s pretty clear it s going to be very hard for Clinton to catch him ,  he said .
 If Obama notches a few more victories , it could become a stampede . 
Obama has suggested that superdelegates back the candidate with the most pledged delegates -- he leads by about 130 -- and popular votes .
He leads Clinton by about 700,000 votes , excluding contests in Florida and Michigan that were not sanctioned by the national party .
Clinton has struggled to overtake Obama in the Democratic contest and has rejected calls from some Obama supporters to get out of the race .
More than 300 superdelegates remain uncommitted or have yet to be named , giving the candidate who wins the bulk of them a path to the nomination .
CLINTON TRIES TO CLOSE GAP
Clinton hopes a strong run in the last 10 contests starting April 22 in Pennsylvania will close the gap with Obama in pledged delegates and popular votes , bolstering her claim she is best suited to beating McCain .
Slideshow ( 12 images )
The private battle for superdelegates has been as tough as the public campaign for votes , with both camps courting uncommitted party leaders and trying to keep supporters in line .
Clinton has suffered high - profile reversals like the decision by U.S. Rep. John Lewis of Georgia , a prominent black supporter , to switch to Obama .
Another superdelegate ally , New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine , suggested that backing a candidate who did not win the popular vote  would be a hard argument to make . 
But she recently won the support of U.S. Rep.
John Murtha of Pennsylvania and picked up three more superdelegates this week .
Slideshow ( 12 images )
 Most superdelegates are in a holding pattern .
They re waiting to see what happens in Pennsylvania and down the road before they make any decisions ,  Clinton spokesman Phil Singer said .
Rosenberg said the recent string of superdelegate endorsements for Obama made that argument hard to swallow .
 A substantial number have moved -- and most are moving to Obama ,  he said .
Wayne Holland , chairman of the Utah Democratic Party and a superdelegate , endorsed Obama on Thursday .
He said he thought Obama could help Democratic candidates throughout Utah and the West by attracting new voters , donors and volunteers .
 As state chair , my job is to try to elect as many Democrats in various offices in this state as possible ,  he said .
 I was looking for who could best help us win here , and that was overwhelmingly Senator Obama . 
( Editing by Peter Cooney )
Many of us remember that first day of kindergarten or a trip we took as a toddler but new research shows that the human brain , while able to accurately recall trivial details from the past , can also be remarkably fragile and even inventive .
In fact , people can easily create false memories of their past and a new study shows that such memories can have long - term effects on our behavior .
Psychologists Elke Geraerts of the University of St. Andrews and Maastricht University , Daniel Bernstein of Kwantlen Polytechnic University and the University of Washington , Harald Merckelbach , Christel Linders , and Linsey Raymaekers of Maastricht University , and Elizabeth F. Loftus of University of California , Irvine , found that it is possible to change long - term behaviors using a simple suggestive technique .
In a series of experiments , the researchers falsely suggested that participants had become ill after eating egg salad as a child .
Afterwards , the researchers offered different kinds of sandwiches to the participants , including ones with an egg salad filling .
Four months later , the participants were asked to be in a separate study in which they evaluated egg salad as well as other foods .
They were then given the same kinds of sandwiches that had been offered to them four months earlier .
Interestingly , participants who were told they had become ill as a child after eating egg salad showed a distinct change in attitudes and behavior towards this food after the experiment .
They not only gave the food lower evaluations than participants who did not develop false memories or were in the control group , but they also avoided egg salad sandwiches more than any of the other participants four months later .
The results , appearing in the August issue of Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , " clearly demonstrate that false suggestions about childhood events can profoundly change people 's attitudes and behavior , " wrote the authors .
These findings have significant implications for the authenticity of reports of recovered memory experiences .
While previous research indicates that spontaneously recovered memories may reflect real memories of abuse , there is no such evidence for abuse memories recovered through suggestive therapy .
The results might also influence obesity treatments and dieting choices .
The authors suggest that it may be possible for people to learn to avoid certain foods by believing they had negative experiences with the food as a child .
Overall , this study clearly demonstrates that false suggestions about childhood events can profoundly change people 's attitudes and behavior .
Shell - shocked : Carp fisherman catches Mississippi snapping turtle in British lake
When fisherman Drew Hammonds saw a spiky armour - plated creature at the end of his line , he made a snap decision .
He dropped his rod and started to run .
But after a quick look back he realised he had landed a snapping turtle .
And being so far from its native U.S. , it was very snappy indeed .
Monster of the deep :
The snapping turtle caught by Drew Hammonds
Mr Hammonds , 37 , caught the turtle early last Tuesday while fishing with friends at Earlswood Lake near Birmingham .
 I only went fishing for carp ,  he said .
 I thought I d caught a big one when my rod started to bend .
 Then I spotted a big shell coming out of the water , with spikes on its back .
 My first instinct was to run , as I thought it was a crocodile or an alligator .
I dropped my rod and ran , then I turned back and realised it was a turtle .
 I was with four of my friends and they were just as stunned .
Surprised : Mr Hammonds at Earlswood Lake in Birmingham
 It was hissing and spitting when we caught it - it was really vicious .
You could nt go anywhere near it without it going for you .
 It ripped through my net and my friend s net . 
Worried that the turtle was hurt , the men tried to remove the hook in its mouth before putting it back in the water .
 We had to get close to it because it had a hook in its lower jaw ,  Mr Hammonds said .
 It kept snapping at me so I had to be careful .
In the end I used metal forceps to cut through the hook .
I had to do it quickly , because it was going for my hand . 
Turtle specialist Paul Eversfield identifiedthe creature as an alligator snapping turtle ( macroclemys temminckii ) .
Mr Eversfield , from the British Chelonia Society , said the turtles were native to the southern states of the U.S .
Petrified : Mr Hammonds tries to approach the aggressive turtle
He said the creature Mr Hammonds caught was probably imported as a hatchling for a British collector before escaping or being dumped .
 They are potentially the largest freshwater turtles in the world with record size of over 100 kg ,  he said .
 As such , they represent the top predator in their natural environment and are capable of eating large fish and water fowl .
Their natural diet is fish , crayfish , and smaller turtles .
 Having been around , largely unchanged for nearly 200 million years , their survival strategy obviously works very well .
 They would not pose much of a threat to humans unless someone was foolish enough to handle them incorrectly .
Their powerful jaws are easily capable of severing a finger or hand . 
Mr Hammonds said :  In the past they have closed and drained this pool following sightings of a mysterious creature which people thought was an alligator or a crocodile .
Maybe it was this that they had been seeing . 
Released :
After removing the hook , the turtle was returned to the lake
msica y cotorreo para tus sentidos
BILD reporters have uncovered Beijing 's secret sex industry , hidden in the back rooms of the Olympic host city 's hair salons and karaoke bars .
The Chinese government may have cracked down on the illegal sex trade in preparation for the Olympic Games , but Beijing 's sex industry is secretly thriving .
There are reportedly more than 10 million prostitutes working in China , and in the shadows of the Olympics Games , Beijing has become the country 's sex capital .
Phelps ' six appeal !
Unstoppable swimmer takes sixth gold US swimmer Michael Phelps proved to be unstoppable as he won his sixth Olympic gold in Beijing , just two away from his target of a new record .
Volleyball babes Olympic wet t- shirt contest
An Olympic beach volleyball match turned into an impromptu wet t- shirt contest as it started pouring down in Beijing - much to the crowd 's delight .
Olympics meets Playboy Germany 's athletes get their kit off Four of Germany 's hottest Olympic athletes are showing off their sexiest sides by taking their kit off in the pages of the latest ' Playboy ' magazine .
" The government threw many Mongolian women out of the city .
They were working in the erotic industry , " said Jie ( 34 ) .
She works in a hair salon approximately half an hour outside of Beijing .
" Of course I can cut hair .
But my massages are better !
And other things even better than that  "
For about  40 , Jei takes her guests into a backroom where sex instead of haircuts is sold .
Another hotspot for the secret sex trade in Beijingis the city 's karaoke bars .
Groups of Chinese come here to drink and sing with friends .
But those who come alone wo n't stay that way for long .
The karaoke bars are a prime attraction for prostitutes looking for work .
One bar owner from Huaxiang said : " Nobody is alone for long in our house .
That is a karaoke tradition of ours ! "
The market for sex pills is booming in Beijing as well .
The latest trend is a pill with chemicals supposedly derived from chimpanzees .
Sex shop owner Zhang said : " One of these pills works for up to six hours .
You have to take it three hours before .
It gives the man unbelievable stamina .
Plus , it uses ingredients from chimpanzees so it gives you a beguiling scent ! "
Chairman Mao outlawed the sex trade in China in 1949 - and so as the country heads towards the 60th anniversary of prostitution being made illegal , it seems not much has changed .
A limited nuclear weapons exchange between Pakistan and India using their current arsenals could create a near - global ozone hole , triggering human health problems and wreaking environmental havoc for at least a decade , according to a study led by the University of Colorado at Boulder .
The computer - modeling study showed a nuclear war between the two countries involving 50 Hiroshima - sized nuclear devices on each side would cause massive urban fires and loft as much as 5 million metric tons of soot about 50 miles into the stratosphere , said CU - Boulder Research Associate Michael Mills , chief study author .
The soot would absorb enough solar radiation to heat surrounding gases , setting in motion a series of chemical reactions that would break down the stratospheric ozone layer protecting Earth from harmful ultraviolet radiation , said Mills .
" We would see a dramatic drop in ozone levels that would persist for many years , " said Mills of CU - Boulder 's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics .
" At mid- latitudes the ozone decrease would be up to 40 percent , which could have huge effects on human health and on terrestrial , aquatic and marine ecosystems . "
A paper on the subject , titled " Massive Global Ozone Loss Predicted Following A Regional Nuclear Conflict , " appeared the week of April 7 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Co-authors on the study include CU - Boulder Professor Brian Toon , UCLA Professor Richard Turco and National Center for Atmospheric Research scientists Douglas Kinnison and Rolando Garcia .
According to the computer simulations , fires ignited in large cities by nuclear explosions would send several million metric tons of soot into the upper stratosphere , which would be heated by massive smoke injections .
Higher temperatures would accelerate catalytic reaction cycles in the stratosphere , particularly reactions of nitrogen oxide gases known collectively as NOx that destroy ozone , Mills said .
In addition to ozone losses of 25 percent to 40 percent at mid-latitudes , the models show a 50 percent to 70 percent ozone loss at northern high latitudes , said Mills .
" The models show this magnitude of ozone loss would persist for five years , and we would see substantial losses continuing for at least another five years , " he said .
advertisement
The ozone losses predicted in the study are much larger than losses estimated in previous " nuclear winter " and " ultraviolet spring " scenario calculations following nuclear conflicts , said Toon , chair of CU - Boulder 's oceanic and atmospheric sciences department .
A 1985 National Research Council Report predicted a global nuclear exchange involving thousands of megatons of explosions , rather than the 1.5 megatons assumed in the PNAS study , would deplete only 17 percent of the Northern Hemisphere 's stratospheric ozone , which would recover by half in three years .
" The missing piece back then was that the models at the time could not account for the rise of the smoke plume and consequent heating of the stratosphere , " said Toon .
" The big surprise is that this study demonstrates that a small - scale , regional nuclear conflict is capable of triggering ozone losses even larger than losses that were predicted following a full - scale nuclear war . "
Human health ailments like cataracts and skin cancer , as well as damage to plants , animals and ecosystems at mid-latitudes would likely rise sharply as ozone levels decreased and allowed more harmful UV light to reach Earth , according to the PNAS study .
" By adopting the Montreal Protocol in 1987 , society demonstrated it was unwilling to tolerate a small percentage of ozone loss because of serious health risks , " said Toon .
" But ozone loss from a limited nuclear exchange would be more than an order of magnitude larger than ozone loss from the release of gases like CFCs . "
UV radiation has been shown to be particularly damaging to inhabitants of aquatic ecosystems , including amphibians , shrimp , fish and phytoplankton , said Mills .
" Most organisms can do little to avoid UV exposure , so one of the big unanswered questions is how the biota would respond to these big UV increases triggered by a nuclear exchange . "
The team used a cluster of computer processors at LASP to run three separate 10 - year simulations -- each more than 300 hours long -- linking the urban fire nuclear scenario to climate and atmospheric chemistry processes .
The team coupled NCAR's Whole Atmosphere Community Climate Model 3 with the Community Aerosol and Radiation Model for Atmospheres developed by CU - Boulder and NASA Ames .
Two 2006 studies led by Toon and involving UCLA and Rutgers University showed that such a small - scale regional nuclear war could produce as many fatalities as all of World War II and disrupt global climate for a decade or more .
Of the eight nations known to possess nuclear weapons , even those with the smallest nuclear arsenals , like Pakistan and India , are believed to have 50 or more Hiroshima - sized weapons .
In addition , about 40 countries possess enough plutonium , uranium or a combination of both to construct substantial nuclear arsenals , said Toon .
A nuclear exchange involving 100 15 - kiloton , Hiroshima - type weapons is only 0.03 percent of the total explosive power of the world 's nuclear arsenal , he said .
" We hope other research groups repeat our calculations and undertake their own scientific studies on this issue , " said Toon .
" The world has become a far more dangerous place when the actions of two countries on the other side of the world could have such a drastic impact on the planet . "
The study was funded by CU - Boulder .
Here , water irrigates endless fields of cotton , one of the main sources of income in this primarily agricultural land .
Nurek  the world s highest dam , at 984 feet , and a prestige project of the Soviet Union  is the difference between light and darkness , heat and no heat , for the majority of Tajikistan s seven million inhabitants , supplying nearly all the country s energy needs .
It also provides cheap electricity to power the Talco aluminum plant , the nation s largest industrial enterprise .
Rogun , as it is now envisioned , would surpass Nurek s height by more than 100 feet .
Though for the moment it seems to be managing , Tajikistan threatens to become a failed state , say Western experts and diplomats , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the delicacy of the issue .
The country still has not fully recovered from a devastating civil war a decade ago .
State coffers are virtually empty , while the government is viewed as unable to meet basic needs .
The situation was laid bare last winter when prolonged subzero temperatures overloaded the Soviet - era electrical grid , plunging the entire country into cold and darkness .
For Western officials working in Tajikistan , the emergency was a disturbing revelation of the government s dysfunction .
 The crisis was not caused by the winter weather ,  said an official of an American nongovernmental organization , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the news media .
 The crisis was triggered by the winter weather , but caused by chronic mismanagement . 
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A double car bomb attack on the US embassy in Yemen has killed at least 16 people , Yemeni officials say .
Washington said bombers targeted the main security gate as staff were arriving for work , but they failed to breach the compound 's walls .
The militants , who were reportedly dressed as policemen , also exchanged gunfire with guards during the assault .
The US blamed al - Qaeda for the attack , and President George Bush said it was a reminder that the US is at war .
Security sources said six members of the Yemeni security forces , six attackers , and four bystanders were killed in the attack , which occurred in the capital , Sanaa , at about 0830 ( 0530 GMT ) .
We saw ... a massive fireball very close to the US embassy
Trev Mason
eyewitness
Yemen faces new Jihad generation US officials have confirmed that none of the casualties were Americans Speaking in Washington , Mr Bush said the attack was " a reminder that we are at war against extremists who will murder innocent people to achieve their ideological objectives " .
Mr Bush said the US government wanted people to be able to lead normal lives and would " help governments survive the extremists " .
Condemning the " vicious " attack , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said it bore " all the hallmarks of an al - Qaeda attack " .
Separately , White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said the US would continue working with Yemen 's government to " increase our counter - terrorism activities to prevent more attacks from taking place " .
' Massive fireball ' British citizen Trev Mason described hearing explosions while in his residential compound near the embassy .
" We heard the sounds of a heavy gun battle going on , " he told CNN television .
" I looked out of my window and we saw the first explosion going off , a massive fireball very close to the US embassy . "
The attack is the second on the embassy in the past six months .
Earlier this year , the US ordered the evacuation of non-essential personnel from Yemen after mortar bombs were fired towards the embassy .
They missed but hit a nearby school .
A group calling itself the Islamic Jihad in Yemen said it had carried out the attack , and threatened to target other foreign missions in the region unless its jailed members were released .
The authenticity of the claim could not be immediately verified .
' Sophisticated attack ' Sean McCormack said he understood that two vehicle - borne bombs had been involved in Wednesday 's attack .
" They did n't succeed in this case , and it 's a testament again to the kind of security upgrades that we have put in place , " he said .
" We are looking at what further security steps we might take in the coming days to make sure the embassy is protected . "
Yemen has long been a haven for Islamist militants .
In 2000 , 17 US sailors were killed when suicide bombers with alleged links to al - Qaeda blew themselves up on an inflatable raft next to the USS Cole in the Yemeni port of Aden .
The government of Yemen , which backs America 's " war on terror " , has often blamed al - Qaeda for attacks on Western targets in the country .
US special forces have been helping the government fight the Islamist militants , but analysts say there has been only limited success in restraining the militant groups .
Yemen is a desperately poor corner of the Middle East and , like Afghanistan , there is rugged mountainous terrain , with a vast supply of weapons .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
With dawn strangers will live here , and we are disappearing with all the memories
There is no such thing as a JavaScript plugin contends James Coglan .
I completely agree that there are no , specific , techniques within the JavaScript language that make  plugins  possible ( such as the ability to namespace code and import it , or some such ) .
HOWEVER  I will contend that such a thing as plugins exist and are logically distinct from  random JavaScript code that manipulates other JavaScript code  as long as the following points are met :
There have to be explicit points upon which a plugin can attach .
James notes the most common one in jQuery ( jQuery.fn ) but we have tons more  events , animations , selectors  all over the board for developers to snap in to .
Even more importantly :
Those points have to be documented or , at the very least , be under some sort of agreement that they will be treated like a normal piece of the user - facing API .
In jQuery we treat all plugin extension points as  user - facing API  and only ever change them in major releases ( if at all ) and always provide an alternative for authors to use .
Finally , there has to be some sort of repository for navigating these plugins .
This is a huge differentiator .
Simply referring to  code in the wild  as plugins does nt really cut it if there s no commitment to hosting them and keeping their documentation and examples alive .
We take our plugin architecture very seriously in the jQuery project and are constantly looking for ways to improve ( looking at plugins , reading their code , seeing what we can provide to make their lives easier ) .
Alex Russell of Dojo recently built a sleek 6 kb version of Dojo  presumably for use on mobile platforms .
He states in his post that :
Even so - called  lightweight  libraries like jQuery are far too heavy for some environments  not because they ( like Dojo ) pull in all the code needed to use them , but because they do it all up - front .
Often the best time to pay the expense of loading , parsing , and executing JavaScript code is when the user takes an action that needs the enhancement to run .
The way it s worded you would assume that you were paying a large , up - front , cost to using jQuery when , in fact , there is very little overhead .
j Query has been shown to be the fastest loading JavaScript library for non-cached code and considerably fast for cached code .
Arguably a mini-Dojo would be able to provide an extra edge in this respect  however any gains that you would make up - front ( which would be minimal  mini-Dojo is only about half the size of jQuery , as it stands ) would have to contend with any future overhead incurred by loading additional components at a later time .
I frequently queue up long pages to read on my iPhone while I travel the subway system here in Boston and I think I d be quite upset if I got halfway through a page , clicked a hide / show link , and found out that the action was nt able to work since the requisite functionality had nt been loaded yet .
There is a cost to loading  all  of jQuery up front , absolutely  however there are numerous benefits :
It s highly cacheable , you never have to worry about what you do / do nt have loaded , the API , documentation , tutorials , and examples are all dramatically simpler since you never have to worry about having extra components or making sure that they re being included correctly .
And , as always , if you re particularly excited about breaking jQuery down into little chunks you can grab the individual pieces from SVN and build a custom copy .
I was out of town when it happened but the release of the Google Ajax Library CDN ( which includes the current release of jQuery ) was incredibly cool .
I ve had a few requests from users wondering how this release came about .
While I ca nt speak for the other projects , I can , at least , speak for what happened with jQuery .
Dion and I had been discussing solutions for providing better hosting solutions to JavaScript libraries for a long time ( at least a year or two ) .
Progress kept getting stalled at different points but persevered and got the release up at Google .
I m really glad to see this come about and I m sure that jQuery users will certainly appreciate this release .
I have a couple points of concern with the release , namely :
How do we push a new release out ?
Currently we have to contact the guys at Google to get it pushed through  a way to automate this and do it programatically would be greatly appreciated ( we could integrate it right into our release scripts ) .
How do new pieces of code get added ?
There s no way for other projects to get added to the repository  some sort of process for joining would be ideal .
SSL ?
Having an SSL - based CDN would be very useful , as well .
However I suspect that if a site is going so far as to have SSL on their pages then they re probably not pulling their source code from an external site .
Other than that , though , I m quite pleased with the release .
The more that people pull from there the faster it ll be for everyone who uses JavaScript libraries ( cutting away that initial download time ) .
Below is an interesting video of Michael Chorost speaking at Google June 30 , 2008 .
Michael spends about half of the video explaining the amazing cochlear implant that has enabled himself and more than 100,000 deaf people around the world to regain their hearing .
In the other half of the video Michael explores the future of man and machine , which is the focus of his upcoming book  World Wide Mind : The Coming Integration of Humans and Machines  .
A few interesting themes from the video :
1 . There are only 100,000 people with cochlear implants in the world , yet there are 500,000 deaf people in the United States alone .
It really is a shame that the gift of hearing is technically available yet not being given to the millions of deaf people around the world for due to cost and other reasons .
2. Michael describes the internet as a worldwide mind that we are all able to access and update .
He explains how he felt disconnected from this  mind  when his blackberry was not functioning for a short period of time .
This idea is one of the centerpieces of his upcoming book and is a major theme for all of us to consider as we envision the future of mankind .
3 . Michael shows video clips of the incredible advances that are being made in interfacing the human brain with prosthetic limbs .
Michael asks us to consider the implications and capabilities that will be unleashed for mankind as our ability to interface directly with the neurons of the brain improves in the coming years .
The ability to read minds and the ability to purposely enhance the human body is considered .
Authors@Google : Michael Chorost
This post was originally published on Eco -Libris blog on August 22 .
Last week we wrote here about our partner Chegg and their renting textbooks  model .
This is a great model and it s an example of the innovative thinking that tries to find an alternative to the current expensive ( average of USD 1,000 per year in the US ) , not environmental friendly and irritating textbook system .
And this search has generated another great idea which has a good chance to influence the future of the textbook industry : open source free online textbooks .
This innovative concept comes from Flat World Knowledge ( thanks to Springwise for the update ! )
How does it work exactly ?
Flat World Knowledge explains on their website
 Our books might feel like your current book  for a minute .
They are written by leading experts , and are peer - reviewed , edited , and highly developed .
They are supported by test banks , .ppt notes , instructor manuals , print desk copies , and knowledgeable service representatives .
There the similarity ends .
Instead of $ 100 plus , our books are FREE online .
We do nt even require registration !
Students just enter the URL they re given by their instructor and start reading .
It s that easy .
No tricks .
No popup ads .
No  a premium subscription is needed for that  .
In fact , our free books go beyond what standard print editions provide with integrated audio , video , and interactive features , powerful search capabilities , and more ..
Even better  read our books where you are !
If you are a student in Facebook , then read our book using our Facebook app .
Still free .
If you are an instructor using an LMS like Blackboard , you can integrate our book into your LMS .
Yep .
Still free .
It is what it is .
Just great books , by great authors , at a great price  zero .
Do nt want to read online ?
Do nt .
Read on to learn about our other convenient and affordable choices .
Nice segue .
And there are also editing options for faculty ( they can change the content of the textbook and adjust it for their class ) and social learning applications for students .
Sounds great ?
Wait , there s one more benefit :  no more being forced to switch to new editions .
Ever .
Whether you make changes or use our book as is , with Flat World Knowledge , you move to new editions when you have time and when you see merit .
Not when we do . 
It definitely sounds too good to be truth and brings up the unavoidable question : where s the catch ?
How they do money ?
Well , there s actually no catch and money is made from non-online versions of these textbooks ( print , audio , PDF ) and study aids sold to the students .
Still , pricing is very affordable  printed textbooks for around $ 30 and audio books for around $ 25 .
What I like even more is that the free online content is ad - free which is quite rare these days when it comes to free online content .
What are the benefits of this new offer terms of the environment ?
t will definitely save trees and that s great .
Is it environmentally superior to paper - made textbooks ?
We ll need to have a life - cycle analysis to determine that .
My guesstimation is that since no production of e-book reader is necessarily involved in the process , there s a good chance that Flat World Knowledge s online textbooks are much better to the environment ( more on this issue can be found on our e-books vs. paper books resource page ) .
Springwise reports that Flat World Knowledge is conducting a beta test in which it is offering four different textbooks online for free to hundreds of students at 15 colleges and universities across the U.S.
Let s hope this beta test will succeed and the Flat Work Knowledge s open source textbook concept will keep expanding !
You re welcome to check out Flat World Knowledge s development so far and their plans to 2008 - 2009 and watch one of their video clips on their homepage to learn more about them .
The Green Mercedes Powering a New Class of Hybrids
Mercedes has announced plans to produce the first hybrid cars with powerful lithium - ion batteries .
The cars wo n't roll off the assembly lines until 2009 , but the Germans are hoping to break Japanese dominance of the electric - motor market .
Ben Way of dot com 1.0 fame has started a new company called WAR ( Weapons Against Robotics ) .
His current company is called Rainmakers .
What this company does is hard for even Ben to pin down .
He states :
What we do not is easy to sum up ; we invent , create and connect .
We can do this across a diverse range of technologies and areas of business .
It s not easy to pigeon - hole what we do , but what we do is unique .
His latest venture , WAR , is also a little hard to pin down .
The website does not have much detailed information , but WAR is supposedly developing Weapons Systems , Detection Systems and Robo Virus Systems .
The Weapons Systems will have AAA ( Autonomous - Against - Autonomous ) and BAA ( Biological - Against - Autonomous ) .
Ben Way also states that ,
Although the decision to take human life is currently still taken by another human , before long such decisions will be made  within a robot .
Mr Way and his WAR company see the doom of mankind approaching and envision the next war being fought robot to robot .
Sounds like a movie I once saw called Terminator 
Link via ( The Register )
Your concerns would be many and out of it , one will be with regard to your future , as in where you would want it to be .
You might prefer to move to a different country with new hopes and something much better to look forward to .
It will indeed be quite well done if you READ MORE
DENPASAR ( Reuters ) - About 1,000 Balinese dressed in traditional sarongs rallied Wednesday to protest against a controversial anti-pornography bill that critics say could hurt local cultural traditions .
The anti-smut bill aims to shield the young from pornographic material and lewd acts , but also contains provisions that could jail people for kissing in public and criminalize many forms of art or traditional culture that hinge on sensuality .
Lawmakers in the world s most populous Muslim nation have so far stopped short of passing the bill which has been in parliament for over three years because of criticism it would threaten Indonesia s tradition of tolerance .
But some political parties are hoping for its approval this month when the final draft is tabled in parliament .
One Islamic party s lawmaker has said the bill would be a Ramadan gift .
 We in Bali see the body as aesthetic , but the pornography bill sees the body as an object of sin ,  said Sugilanus , one of the protesters at the rally in Denpasar , capital of the predominantly Hindu island of Bali .
Nude sculptures and paintings are common in culturally - rich Bali , which earns most of its income from domestic and international tourists .
 Reject the pornography bill ,  some protesters shouted as they performed a sensual traditional dance while others carried banners saying ,  The porn bill is not a gift but humiliation for the nation . 
Earlier this week , Bali s governor , Made Mangku Pastika , rejected the parliament plan for passing the contentious bill .
Balinese lawmakers plan to go to Jakarta next week to pressure members of parliament to drop the controversial draft , Ida Bagus Putu Wesnawa , chairman of Bali s house representatives , said .
 We strongly reject the implementation of the pornography bill and we urge all community elements not to allow regulations that potentially separate the nation to be issued ,  Wesnawa told the crowd .
Illegal explicit material is available in Indonesia , and television programs regularly feature bared flesh and sexual innuendo .
Lawmakers watered down the bill following criticism and street protests over the issue early last year .
Critics say it could pave the way for vigilante groups to take the law into their own hands under a pretext of upholding morality .
Militant Muslim groups in Indonesia , particularly since the fall of former president Suharto in 1998 , have sporadically taken vigilante action against red- light areas or liberal publications deemed offensive .
Published online 30 July 2008 | Nature 454 , 558-559 ( 2008 ) | doi:10.1038/454558a
News
New types of solar cell that can be mass - produced cheaply , and integrated into building materials , are popular with venture capitalists and market analysts .
But scientists are less gung ho , reports Declan Butler .
From the 1950s onwards , big chunks of crystalline silicon have dominated the world of solar cells .
But the dominance of these traditional cells  which make up 90 % of today 's 10 - gigawatt - a- year installation market  is now being challenged by ' thin - film ' solar cells that are micrometres or mere nanometres thick , and frequently made of materials other than silicon .
Some argue that such a change in technology is the only way that solar - cell technology can hope to maintain the 50 % annual growth it has enjoyed during the past five years .
Highly - purified silicon is expensive , and the fact that its other users , silicon - chip makers , manufacture high - value products from it has helped to keep it so .
That presents a problem for makers of a commodity such as solar cells , a problem exacerbated by manufacturing processes that waste a significant amount of raw material .
Thin films , by comparison , can in principle be made cheaply by using reel - to - reel processes similar to those of a printing press and other mass - production techniques .
They can also be applied on to flexible sheets of steel and other materials , and so be integrated directly into building materials .
These advantages , though , come at a cost .
Thin films are normally significantly less efficient than traditional silicon cells , which have conversion efficiencies of 15 % or upwards in everyday use ( see table ) .
Nevertheless , Nanomarkets , a consultancy based in Glen Allen , Virginia , issued a report on 21 July that predicted thin films taking as much as half of the world market for photovoltaic cells by 2015 .
Lux Research , a New - York based analyst firm , reports that investment in the sector climbed from US $ 481 million in 2006 to $ 1.36 billion in 2007 .
Most thin - film cells sold today still use silicon , but in its amorphous , rather than crystalline , form .
This makes the cells thin and cheap but costs them half or more of their efficiency compared with traditional designs .
The hope , and to some extent the hype , is focused on new technologies .
Of these , cadmium telluride - based systems are the most mature , and hold one third of the thin - film market , according to IDTechEx , a consultancy based in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The technology is dominated by First Solar , a company in Phoenix , Arizona .
But the venture capitalists ' favourite is a technology known as CIGS ( copper indium gallium diselenide ) .
CIGS 's semiconductor cells are the province of established companies such as Wrth Solar in Germany as well as Showa Shell Sekiyu and Honda in Japan , and the focus of specialized start - ups Miasol and Nanosolar , in California 's Silicon Valley , and Heliovolt in Austin , Texas .
The cells are held to marry the advantages of thin - film manufacture with efficiencies close to those of today 's best products .
In March , a thin - film solar cell developed at the US National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) in Golden , Colorado , set a CIGS efficiency record of 19.9 % , although most commercial thin - film CIGS contenders at the moment offer something much closer to 10 % .
Click for larger image .
PVGIS / RI , M. ET AL .
SOL .
ENERGY 81 , 1295 1305 ; 2007 .
Nanosolar of Palo Alto , California , perhaps the most bullish of the thin - film CIGS companies , claims to have developed a production system that , for a capital cost of $ 1.65 million , could churn out 600 metres of solar panels per minute , for an annual yield of one gigawatt of capacity .
This is orders of magnitude cheaper and faster than conventional thin - film vacuum deposition techniques : Forbes magazine has reported that Showa Shell Sekiyu , part of Shell 's Japanese arm , is looking at spending 100 billion yen ( $ 930 million ) on a one - gigawatt - a - year solar - cell facility using more traditional thin - film manufacturing .
In development
Some scientists are sceptical as to whether CIGS will , in practice , live up to its extravagant promise .
Mass - producing CIGS films with consistent microstructure and composition is a challenge that in effect may trade off the benefits of increased manufacturability and increased efficiency .
 CIGS is a very difficult technology to manufacture , having larger moisture sensitivity compared with other technologies ,  says Martin Green , a solar - cell researcher at the University of New South Wales , Australia .
Printing of solar cells ,  la Nanosolar ,  is still at the R&D stage  , says Tonio Buonassisi , a photovoltaics researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge .
 In industrial production today , expensive vacuum equipment is used , for example for plasma - enhanced chemical vapour deposition or sputtering ,  he says .
Buonassisi is also sceptical about the cited high efficiencies for CIGS , arguing that in mass production they so far come in at around just 9 % .
Another frequently voiced concern is that there may be material constraints on the technology .
Highly refined silicon may be pricey , but in its unprocessed form it is the second most abundant element in Earth 's crust .
Large - scale deployment of CIGS could lead to shortages and price hikes in its scarcer raw materials , says Buonassisi .
Martin Roscheisen , chief executive of Nanosolar , sees such fears as overblown :  The cost of indium is less than 1 % of revenue [ for Nanosolar ] . 
Nor are these thin film designs the only alternatives to crystalline silicon .
Grtzel cells , named for their inventor Michael Grtzel at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne , use dyes painted onto the surface of nanometer - size particles of titanium dioxide .
These are immersed in an electrolyte to produce current in a way more like that used in photosynthesis than the semiconductor technology of normal photovoltaics .
As yet , the technology has proved hard to commercialize , but companies such as Konarka in Lowell , Massachusetts , and G24i , in Cardiff , UK , continue to work on it .
And Grtzel now thinks he has overcome some of the problems using a modified cell that uses a salt melt as the electrolyte ( Y. Bai et al .
Nature Mat. 7 , 626630 ; 2008 ) .
Still , Buonassisi is one of several scientists who argue that both economics and new research are on the incumbent technology 's side .
Vast new silicon refineries in China and elsewhere , expected to be online by the end of the decade , promise a glut of silicon .
That will reduce the cost of conventional silicon solar cells .
And new research is also opening up possibilities of combining the best of both worlds : making thin films with crystalline silicon and thus benefiting from its attendant higher efficiencies without all the cost .
Stefan Glunz and colleagues at the Fraunhfer Institute for Solar Energy Systems in Freiburg , Germany , Europe 's largest solar research institute , are working on a process that melts a fine layer of high - quality silicon on to a substrate of lower grade silicon or ceramic .
Prototypes of these cells , which can be mass produced in the same way as some CIGS thin films , have this year yielded solar cells 40 micrometres thick with an efficiency of 20 % .
Innovalight , a startup in Sunnyvale , California , is developing silicon cells that make use of nanoparticle dyes that could also result in high - performance silicon thin - films produced in high - throughput processes .
 The thin film era will also be about silicon ,  says Daniel Lincot , a solar researcher at the National Higher School of Chemistry in Paris .
 We are set to enter the post - bulk - silicon era , rather than the post - silicon era . 
Reducing costs
More broadly , academic researchers consider the current thin films as a second generation of photovoltaics , but not the end - point of all development .
 They lower the cost per unit area but do not reduce the cost per kilowatt hour that much because the efficiencies are generally lower or not increased over silicon ,  says Arthur Nozik , a photovoltaics expert at NREL .
Solar electricity currently costs around 30 cents per kilowatt hour , and thin films will reduce this to 15  20 cents per kilowatt hour , but that 's still higher than the 5 cents per kilowatt hour of electricity produced from coal .
ADVERTISEMENT
Happily for the industry , though , solar cells installed at home or for a specific business do not compete with the cost of producing electricity , but with the price at which utilities subsequently sell it .
In sunny climes , ' grid parity '  electricity generated by photovoltaics as cheaply as it is sold by utilities  is expected within four years or so .
And subsidies for solar energy have proved politically acceptable in some places , at least so far .
In Germany , generous feed - in tariffs that guarantee a high price for solar energy sold back to the grid have encouraged the technology 's uptake and have stimulated an indigenous industry in cell and panel making and installation .
But the subsidies involved are expensive , and were trimmed earlier this year .
A future in which such feed - in tariffs taper off as solar cells get cheaper to install could wean the sector from subsidies without causing a collapse .
 There is a place and market niches for every one of these technologies .
There wo n't necessarily be only one winner ,  says Harry Zervos , a photovoltaics technology analyst with IDTechEx .
That does not mean there will not be losers .
Analysts expect a shake - out in the field  through failures and mergers  to start soon .
But those who come through should be well placed :  If solar energy does n't lift off at this point in time ,  says Zervos ,  it never will . 
See Editorial , page 551 .
Description :
Got a thing for hot girls wearing glasses ?
Sexy Cassia takes everything off ( except for the glasses ) and gets comfortable on a big couch ..
Views : 176656 Date : 08/04/08 Favorited : 19
About the author
( NewsTarget )
When a newborn baby takes her first breath she is already contaminated with a range of chemicals ... this is the finding in the latest compelling research conducted by several leading authorities in the field of health and wellbeing .
Raising awareness of toxic chemicals present in our everyday environment ( food additives , personal care products , cleaning products etc. ) and having the understanding that these chemicals , in most cases , are absorbed directly into the blood supply is fundamental to the health and wellbeing of our children and future generations .
Most shocking from these latest findings is the fact that some of the chemicals found in newborn cord blood were banned decades ago !
The following points are a summary from author Dr. Sarah Lantz in Chemical Free Kids * Non-stick chemicals and flame - retardants *
Perfumes * Artificial musks used in cosmetics and cleaning products *
Plastics *
Non stick and water - proof coatings *
Cleaning fluids *
Tin can linings * Perfumes * Cosmetics * Chemicals from baby bottles *
Banned , yet persistent , pesticides such as DDT [ World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) U.K. , A Present for Life : hazardous chemicals in cord blood ; The Environmental Working Group 's report , Body Burden -- The Pollution in Newborns ; WHO , 2002 ] * Umbilical cord* Placenta ( a semi- permeable membrane , which passes many chemicals .
Many soluble chemicals will cross the placenta very quickly .
There 's no such thing as a ' placental barrier ' that so many people assume ) *
Breast milk ( in addition to its nutritional and immunological properties , research continues to reveal a full range of toxins and contaminants in breast milk , including the presence of suspected carcinogens especially fat - seeking , chlorinated organics ( a large class of chemicals including vinyl chloride , PCBs , and chlorinated solvents , insecticides , pesticides and herbicides ) Blood tests taken from the umbilical cords of 30 newborn babies and from more than 40 new mothers were analysed for the presence of eight groups of chemicals .
Every single sample of mother or baby blood tested positive for an array of chemicals , many of which are suspected of links to health problems ranging from birth defects and genital abnormalities to certain types of cancer .
All umbilical cords contained a minimum of five of the 35 chemicals tested for , some contained as many as 14 .
Two of the mothers tested had 17 of the 35 chemicals in their blood .
[ World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) U.K. , A Present for Life : hazardous chemicals in cord blood ]
EWG research found an average of 200 industrial chemicals and pollutants in umbilical cord blood from 10 babies born in August and September of 2004 in U.S. hospitals .
The umbilical cord blood of these children harboured pesticides , consumer product ingredients , and wastes from burning coal , gasoline , and garbage .
Of the 287 chemicals detected in the umbilical cord blood , 180 cause cancer in humans or animals , 217 are toxic to the brain and nervous system , and 208 cause birth defects or abnormal development in animal tests [
The Environmental Working Group 's report , Body Burden -- The Pollution in Newborns ] * lower body weight * lower metabolic rates * few detoxing enzymes * a blood brain barrier that is not yet fully matured * they eat 3 - 4 times more food in proportion to their body size than adults , and therefore ingest more chemicals per unit of body mass * drink as much as seven times more water than an average adult * children breathe more than adults per kilo of body weight * the skin of children is also more permeable than adult skin . [ Dr. Sarah Lantz - Chemical Free Kids ; LifeSuccess Publishing ] Lauralee BaSc Major in Sport , Exercise & Nutrition .
Eco - entrepreneur with Miessence ; the world 's first range of Organic Products Certified to International Food Standards www.miorganicfamily.com
Currently writing a book " Toxic Generation " insight into the dangerous effects that toxic chemicals in our food & personal care products can have on our health .
New Delhi Lawyers Select Other India City : -- City -- Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Ajmer Akola Aligarh Allahabad Ambala Ambattur Amravati Amreli Amritsar Anand Asansol Aurangabad Azamgarh Ballia Bangalore Bareilly Barnala Baroda Barrackpur Bathinda Belgaum Bellary Bhadrak Bhagalpur Bharatpur Bhatpara Bhav Nagar Bhavnagar Bhilwara Bhiwandi Bhopal Bhubaneshwar Bhuj Bikaner Bilaspur Bokaro Steel Bombay Brahmapur Town Chandigarh Chennai Churu Cochin Coimbatore Cuttack Darjeeling Davanagere Dehradun Dhanbad Dhule Dindigul Durg-Bhilai Nagar Durgapur Eluru Ernakulam Erode Etawah Faizabad Faridabad Faridkot Firozabad Firozpur Gandhinagar Gaya Ghaziabad Ghazipur Goa Gondal Gorakhpur Gulbarga Guntur Gurdaspur Gurgaon Guwahati Gwalior Hapur Haridwar Hisar Hoshiarpur Hubali-Dharwad Hubli Hyderabad Indore Jabalpur Jaipur Jalandhar Jalgaon Jalpaiguri Jammu Jamnanagar Jamshedpur Jhansi Jodhpur Junagadh Kalol Kalyani Kanpur Kapoorthala Kapurthala Karnal Kashipur Khanna Kharagpur Kharar Khurja Kishanganj Kochi Kolhapur Kolkata Korba Kottayam Kozhikode Kumarakom Kurnool Kurukshetra Latur Loni Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Maheshtala Malegoan Mangalore Margao Moga Mohali Mumbai Mussurie Muzaffarnagar Muzaffarpur Mysore Nagpur Nanded Nava - Sheva Nellore New Delhi Nizamabad Noida Pali Panchkula Panihati Panipat Panji Panjim Pathankot Patiala Patna Phagwara Port Blair Pune Raipur Rajkot Rajpur Sonarpur Ranchi Ratlam Ratnagiri Raurkela Rishikesh Rohtak Roorkee Rudrapur Saharanpur Salem Sambalpur Sangrur Satara Secunderabad Shamli Shillong Shimla Shimoga Siliguri Sivakasi Sonipat South Dum Dum Srinagar Surat Tarapore Thane Thanjavur Thiruvanandapuram Thrissur Tirunelveli Tirupati Tiruppur Trichy Trivandrum Tumkur Udaipur Ujjain Ulhasnagar Vadodara Vapi Vasai Vasco Vasco - De-Gama Vellore Vijayawada Virar Visakhapatnam Warangal Yamuna Nagar
Legal Problems due to COVID19
Dear Helplinelaw Visitor
Covid19 has opened up so many challenges in our lives and many of these challenges have a law related impact on our lives .
We at https://helplinelaw.com are helping the community by answering one legal query free of cost in an exclusive tie up with https://indialawoffices.com
There are several issues due to the Covid19 lockdown like :
Landlord Tenant Disputes
Cancelled contracts or delayed deliveries
Labour / Management disputes & confusion
Untimely deaths without a Will
Tax related doubts
Cancelled loans or disbursements from banks
If you have any of the above issues and need legal advice please fill in the form below & submit .
As a courtesy to others , please submit a query only if you have a genuine & pressing legal issue .
India Law Offices LLP has limited resources but would like to help everybody .
The Supreme Court
It is the highest court of justice in the country having the original , appellate , advisory , writ and revisory jurisdiction .
It hears the matters between the Government of India and one or more states and hears the appeal arising against the order passed by the High Court in all civil , criminal and constitutional cases .
Further , the Court hears the matters in which the interest of the public is involved at large and the Court can be moved by any individual or group of persons either by filing a Writ Petition at the Filing Counter of the Court or by addressing a letter to Hon'ble the Chief Justice of India highlighting the question of public importance for invoking this jurisdiction .
The High Court
High Courts are second Courts of importance of the democracy of India and there are 24 high courts in India taking care of the regional juridical system of India .
These courts are mainly confined to the jurisdiction of state , group of states or Union Territory .
It has various jurisdictions to try the cases appellate , original , revisional , and writ .
They are being empowered to govern the jurisdiction of lower courts like family , civil and criminal courts with other different courts of the districts .
DISTRICT COURT
Tis Hazari District Court
Address : Kamla Nehru Ridge , Civil Lines , Bhiku Ram Jain Marg , New Delhi , Delhi 110054 1 ) Central District
2 ) West District Patiala House Court
Address : Tilak Lane , Patiala House , India Gate , New Delhi - 110002 New Delhi District Karkardooma District Court
Address : Surya Niketan Road , Ram Vihar , Anand Vihar , Delhi , 110092 1 ) East District
2 ) North - East District
3 ) Shahdara District Rohini District Court
Address : Rohini Court Complex , Block D , Sector 14 , Rohini , New Delhi , Delhi 110085 1 ) North District 2 ) North - West District Dwarka District Court
Address : Dwarka Court Complex Sector - 10 . New Delhi : 110075 1 ) South West District Saket Disrtict Court
Address : District Courts Complex , Saket , New Delhi  110017 1 ) South District 2 ) South - East District
Why HLL ?
No Shortcuts :
We allot due time to each query to understand the concerns of the client .
We aim to provide a comprehensive solution to each and every query .
We allot due time to each query to understand the concerns of the client .
We aim to provide a comprehensive solution to each and every query .
Absolute reliability :
We understand the stakes in legal matter and endeavor to provide outright services & solutions to resolve disputes of people .
We understand the stakes in legal matter and endeavor to provide outright services & solutions to resolve disputes of people .
Seniority & Expertise : With the gigantic database of lawyers on Helpline Law , we can easily connect you with the apt lawyer who has extensive experience in your area of concern .
With the gigantic database of lawyers on Helpline Law , we can easily connect you with the apt lawyer who has extensive experience in your area of concern .
Jurisdiction :
We assign matter to law professionals according to the jurisdiction of the legal matter in the view which lawyer is more active & functional in the respective area / court .
We assign matter to law professionals according to the jurisdiction of the legal matter in the view which lawyer is more active & functional in the respective area / court .
Legal solutions & representation : Helpline Law is a one step solution for all legal queries & needs .
We have a database of dexterous lawyers who can both resolve your legal matters by counseling as well as represent you lawfully in required jurisdiction .
Helpline Law is a one step solution for all legal queries & needs .
We have a database of dexterous lawyers who can both resolve your legal matters by counseling as well as represent you lawfully in required jurisdiction .
Confidentiality :
We understand nobody likes cleaning their dirty laundry in public and to assure the same we ensconce the important details of our clients from the varying public eyes .
We understand nobody likes cleaning their dirty laundry in public and to assure the same we ensconce the important details of our clients from the varying public eyes .
Client Satisfaction :
Our only priority is to satisfy the client by delivering the desired decree &/ or solution at apropos time and befitting budget .
Founded in 2001 , Helpline Law is one of the most sorted and reliable platform for legal services & solutions in Delhi .
The database of Delhi Lawyers on Helpline Law consists of knowledgeable & diligent lawyers who use modern & progressive techniques to assist both domestic & international clients .
We endeavor to offer full - fledged legal assistance and guidance in a gamut of legal matters .
You can submit your query on the http://helplinelaw.com to connect with the best law professionals in New Delhi .
Delhi Lawyers on our database have assisted clients with full integrity on civil , corporate , taxation , real estate , labour & employment , divorce , family , banking , mergers & acquisition , criminal , consumer protection , cyber crimes , etc. matters in the recent past .
We have a very pragmatic approach to handle cases to deliver results which exceed client s expectations .
Our proactive team focuses on each and every client to understand their concerns & legal needs before affixing them with the apposite lawyer .
Our objective is to liberate our clients from the complicated legal obligations in the limited time & fee budget .
Registrar General , Delhi High Court , Sher Shah Road , New Delhi  110503
Not everyone found the theory satisfying .
Dr. Wolynes and his collaborators so insisted they were right that  you had the impression they were trying to sell you an old car ,  said Jean - Philippe Bouchaud of the Atomic Energy Commission in France .
 I think Peter is not the best advocate of his own ideas .
He tends to oversell his own theory . 
Around that time , the first hints of the dichotomy of fast - moving and slow - moving regions in a solidifying glass were seen in experiments , and computer simulations predicted that this pattern , called dynamical heterogeneity , should exist .
Dr. Weitz of Harvard had been working for a couple of decades with colloids , or suspensions of plastic spheres in liquids , and he thought he could use them to study the glass transition .
As the liquid is squeezed out , the colloid particles undergo the same change as a cooling glass .
With the colloids , Dr. Weitz could photograph the movements of each particle in a colloidal glass and show that some chunks of particles moved quickly while most hardly moved .
 You can see them ,  Dr. Weitz said .
 You can see them so clearly . 
The new findings did not faze Dr. Wolynes .
Around 2000 , he returned to the glass problem , convinced that with techniques he had used in solving protein folding problems , he could fill in some of the computational gaps in his glass theory .
Among the calculations , he found that dynamical heterogeneity was a natural consequence of the theory .
Dr. Bouchaud and a colleague , Giulio Biroli , revisited Dr. Wolynes s theory , translating it into terms they could more easily understand and coming up with predictions that could be compared with experiments .
 For a long time , I did nt really believe in the whole story , but with time I became more and more convinced there is something very deep in the theory ,  Dr. Bouchaud said .
 I think these people had fantastic intuition about how the whole problem should be attacked . 
For Dr. Garrahan , the University of Nottingham scientist , and Dr. Chandler , the Berkeley scientist , the contrast between fast - and slow - moving regions was so striking compared with the other changes near the transition , they focused on these dynamics .
They said that the fundamental process in the glass transition was a phase transition in the trajectories , from flowing to jammed , rather than a change in structure seen in most phase transitions .
 You do nt see anything interesting in the structure of these glass formers , unless you look at space and time ,  Dr. Garrahan said .
They ignore the more subtle effects related to the impossible - to - reach ideal glass state .
 If I can never get there , these are metaphysical temperatures ,  Dr. Chandler said .
Tuesday , 09 Sep , 2008 Health & Fitness
According to a survival expert , people with a Rambo - like character have more chances of dying in a disaster than people who show strong will but who are humble .
The author of the book entitled " Deep Survival " , Robert Gonzales , believes he has identified the main features of how to survive a disaster .
For his book he analyzed several amazing survival stories from such disasters as the Burmese cyclone , September 11 attacks and the Boxing Day tsunami .
" ( The survivors ) are people who tend to have a view of the world that does not paint them as a victim .
They 're not whiners who are always complaining about the bad things that are happening to them and expecting to get rescued , " he said .
Gonzales mentioned that around 75 percent of people who became prisoners of a catastrophe either freeze of just wander in a daze .
" The first thing people do when something bad happens is to be in denial .
People who make good survivors tend to get through that phase quickly .
They accept the evidence of their senses , " he said .
Although in movies Rambo is able to survive a rain of bullets , in reality people who overestimate their powers most often die first .
" Humility can keep you out of trouble .
If you go busting into the wilderness with the attitude that you know what 's going on , you 're liable to miss important cues , " the author said .
In addition Gonzales said that most survivors had strong connections with their families , which is why they where motivated not to give up .
In order to survive Gonzales suggests that people should think independently about what is happening to them .
They should not follow instructions blindly in case these instructions seem to be wrong .
In 1975 the author himself avoided death when he decided not to fly on a DC - 10 after analyzing the plane 's safety record .
The plane intended to transport passengers from Chicago to LA and crashed shortly after the takeoff - 271 people died .
" It 's a story about having the information and using it .
So when this trip came up , I was prepared to do something out of the ordinary . "
He said that most of the survivors he studied did not show goods skills in surviving within critical situations .
These people were neither the strongest nor did they have the biggest experience in their group .
Gonzales outlined that physical strength and experience can often lead to negligence .
Source : CNN
Britain is facing " arguably the worst " economic downturn in 60 years which will be " more profound and long - lasting " than people had expected , Alistair Darling , the chancellor , tells the Guardian today .
In the government 's gravest assessment of the economy , which follows a warning from a Bank of England policymaker that 2 million people could be out of work by Christmas , Darling admits he had no idea how serious the credit crunch would become .
His blunt remarks lay bare the unease in the highest ranks of the cabinet that the downturn is making it all but impossible for Gordon Brown to recover momentum after a series of setbacks .
His language is much starker than the tone adopted by the prime minister , who aims to revive his premiership this autumn by explaining how he will help struggling families through the downturn .
The chancellor , who says that Labour faces its toughest challenge in a generation , admits that Brown and the cabinet are partly to blame for Labour 's woes because they have " patently " failed to explain the party 's central mission to the country , leaving voters " pissed off " .
In a candid interview in today 's Guardian Weekend magazine , Darling warns that the economic times faced by Britain and the rest of the world " are arguably the worst they 've been in 60 years " .
To deepen the sense of gloom , he adds : " And I think it 's going to be more profound and long - lasting than people thought . "
The economic backdrop presents Labour with its toughest challenge since the 1980s .
" We 've got our work cut out .
This coming 12 months will be the most difficult 12 months the Labour party has had in a generation , " he says .
But Labour has been lacklustre .
" We 've got to rediscover that zeal which won three elections , and that is a huge problem for us at the moment .
People are pissed off with us .
" We really have to make our minds up ; are we ready to try and persuade this country to support us for another term ?
Because the next 12 months are critical .
It 's still there to play for . "
Darling was given a personal taste of the austere climate when ticked off by a waiter for ordering a second bottle of wine during a meal with his wife , Maggie , and another couple .
" The waiter came over and said ' too much wine ' in a loud voice .
So we stuck to one bottle for the entire meal . "
Darling admits that he was recently challenged at a petrol station by a motorist struggling with the rising cost of petrol .
" I was at a filling station recently and a chap said : ' I know it 's to do with oil prices - but what are you going to do about it ? '
People think , well surely you can do something , you are responsible - so of course it reflects on me . "
But he has some words of comfort for Brown when he predicts there will be no leadership challenge against the prime minister .
He also reveals that Brown has no plans to carry out an imminent cabinet reshuffle as he delivers a defiant put - down to critics who have said that he could be replaced as chancellor .
" You can't be chopping and changing people that often , " he says .
" I mean , undoubtedly before the end of the parliament he will want to do a reshuffle , but I 'm not expecting one imminently .
I do not think there will be a reshuffle . "
Darling does not name names , but says some people want his job and have been trying to undermine him .
Many in the Treasury believe that Ed Balls , the schools secretary , has been less than supportive .
" There 's lots of people who'd like to do my job .
And no doubt , " he adds , half under his breath , " actively trying to do it . "
The chancellor 's remarks about the economy - in an interview conducted over two days at his family croft on the Isle of Lewis - highlight the nerves at the top of the government after the loss of Labour 's 25th safest seat in Britain in the Glasgow East byelection in July .
The Tories are comfortably ahead in polls as leaders return on Monday after the holiday .
Darling , who speaks about how the prime minister is one of his oldest friends in politics , admits Brown has struggled to connect with voters .
Asked whether Brown can communicate Labour 's mission , he says : " Yes , I do think he can . "
Asked why Brown has not done so , Darling falters as he says : " Er , well .
Well , it 's always difficult , you know ...
But Gordon in September , up to party conference , has got the opportunity to do that .
And he will do that .
It 's absolutely imperative . "
Darling even describes himself as " not a great politician " .
Saying how he usually avoids personal interviews and photographs , he says maybe " that 's why I 'm not a great politician .
You know , I 'm not very good at looking at pictures and subjecting them to the equivalent of textual analysis " .
Today 's interview was designed to show the chancellor in a more personal light after a year in which he faced criticism over Northern Rock and the loss of discs with details of half the population .
He says nothing of tensions with No 10 after he was reportedly rebuffed by Brown when he pointed out the dangers of abolishing the 10 p tax rate .
His press adviser tells Darling , whose relations with Downing Street have been tense over the past year , to speak his mind in the interview .
" Now Alistair , " the adviser tells the chancellor as Decca Aitkenhead begins the interview .
" Tell her everything .
Make sure you tell her everything . "
The Fingerprint art portrait is a wonderful personal art piece for your home and personal space .
Remember the DNA model art projects that provide you with a personal portrait design based on your DNA ?
This is another take on the personal art from the same company .
As we have seen in movies , read in books and watched Crime Cases Solved on Television , fingerprints are unique for each individual .
Each fingerprint has an individual look , shape , and form , which makes each one of us have his or her own person .
Many movies and criminal cases also showed ways to disguise , erase , or hide your fingerprints , but this fingerprint artwork will praise and display your personal fingerprints for all guests , family and friends arriving to your home or office .
Some may have some problems with displaying such personal information , but then again , it has a cool factor , does nt it ?
Imagine having your home include different sized pictures and designs of your own fingerprints , that would be a hell of a narcissistic move , would nt it ?
Just like the previous DNA portraits , these fingerprint art prints are easy to order .
DNA 11 send you a fingerprint kit for you to make as many different prints that are up to your liking .
Think about it , which finger is the one you want on your wall ?
You send the prints to them , specify the design you like , and your fingerprints are placed on canvas .
ST . PAUL , Minnesota ( CNN ) --
At least 56 people were arrested Monday after police fired projectiles and used pepper spray and tear gas to disperse a crowd demonstrating near the site of the Republican National Convention .
Police fire tear gas to dispurse protesters in St. Paul , Minnesota , Monday .
CNN photojournalists witnessed police detaining between 20 and 30 individuals with plastic handcuffs a few blocks from the security perimeter around the Xcel Center in downtown St. Paul .
A crowd of 300 individuals was later seen conducting what appeared to be a sit - in at a parking lot near the Mississippi River .
Earlier Monday , a group of self - described anarchists threw park benches into streets and smashed windows , police said .
Watch police detain nearly two dozen people 
Thomas Walsh , a public information officer for the St. Paul Police Department , said Monday afternoon that 13 people had been arrested so far , accused of damage to property and conspiracy to riot .
Those arrested will be formally charged in Ramsey County District Court on Tuesday , he said .
The arrest of the " anarchists " came after nearly 5,000 protesters marched peacefully outside the site of the convention site .
While Walsh described the individuals as a being part of a " splinter group " from the main body of protesters , he said it would not characterize their activity as being a protest .
Watch the police use pepper spray 
" I think they did a disservice to those that came here to protest , " he said .
Besides damaging private property , the group also smashed in the windows of five squad cars .
iReport.com : Protesters swarmed at RNC
Police on Sunday saw little disruption in advance of the convention , which is being greatly scaled back because of Hurricane Gustav .
And , despite the disruptions Monday , the security scheme is working as planned , Walsh said .
Watch the police take on the protesters 
" We had some expectation that there may be some of this activity , " he said .
The Republican convention , which officially began Monday , has been designated a " national special security event , " which means the Secret Service is responsible for planning and implementing the security scheme .
View the convention security plan 
But the primary responsibility for street - level security falls to the local police agencies .
St. Paul received $ 50 million in federal grant money to pay for additional security measures .
The St. Paul Police Department estimated it would require $ 34 million to bring in and pay 3,500 extra officers .
The rest of the money is for training and new equipment , the department said .
Numerous federal agencies are helping to provide security .
The Federal Protective Service , the Customs and Border Protection agency , the FBI , the Coast Guard , the Transportation Security Administration and other agencies are providing resource to help the Secret Service implement its plan .
CNN 's Joe Johns contributed to this report .
All About St. Paul ( Minnesota )  Republican National Convention  U.S. Secret Service
Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood , 61 , 'runs away with 18 - year - old Russian cocktail waitress '
Ronnie Wood has walked out on his wife and four children to live with a teenage cocktail waitress he met in an escort bar .
The 61 - year - old Rolling Stones guitarist has fled to his mansion in Ireland with the 18 - year - old Russian blonde .
His wife of 23 years , Jo , is said to have begged Ekaterina Ivanova not to take her husband away from her .
The teenager is understood to have told friends that she replied : ' I am not taking him - he is leaving . '
The other woman : Ekaterina Ivanova is said to have run away with rocker Ronnie Wood following an extra-marital affair
A representative of Wood , who has battled a drink problem for years , said the girl began seeing him three months ago when he was at a low ebb , frazzled by alcohol .
They have been together ever since .
Wood - who is drinking two bottles of vodka a day - met Miss Ivanova after the London premiere of the Stones documentary , Shine A Light , on April 2 in a seedy escort bar in Soho .
Within weeks the girl from Moscow had grown so close to Wood that she accompanied him back to the home he shares with Jo and their four children in Kingston upon Thames , South - West London .
At the beginning of May , Wood invited Miss Ivanova to join him at his mansion in Clane , County Kildare .
She has been writing about the relationship on the social networking website Facebook , calling Wood her ' boyfriend ' and saying she is quickly ' falling in love ' .
Defiant : Jo Wood , pictured at Cipriani 's restaurant last night , has denied the affair claims
She also claims to have become Wood 's painting muse , posing for him at the Irish house .
Wood 's publicist made the extraordinary move of speaking publicly about his curious relationship with the teenager yesterday .
The publicist said : ' She is a drinking partner .
When you 're an alcoholic and your family are all telling you to stop drinking you simply find someone else to drink with .
You can see how it happens , you end up pushing away the ones you love because you do n't think straight .
' He met her in a dodgy escort bar at four in the morning when he was boozed out of his mind .
I heard she worked there , but doing what I do n't know .
It was a very dodgy scenario .
' He 's fallen off the wagon big time .
He 's spiralling out of control and every time he returns to his drinking it 's worse than before .
He 's not even clear - headed enough to check himself into rehab .
' He 's in a very bad way .
His son Tyrone has tried to speak to him briefly , but he 's not even waking up until late afternoon .
He 's very much spiralling .
' He 's on two bottles of vodka a day and he has a size 28 waist .
He 's not a massive man .
He 's an alcoholic who has worked up his tolerance to that amount .
He is in contact with Jo but until he sorts out the booze problem , it 's not Ronnie .
Nothing can be resolved .
' Wood was absent on Thursday night when the rest of his family went to the first night of an art exhibition run by Tyrone in Mayfair .
Asked if she thought the pair were having an affair , Jo told The Sun : ' They 're not boyfriend or girlfriend - not in that way . '
However Miss Ivanova has been telling friends a very different story .
One said : ' She is besotted with Ronnie .
Whether or not he knows it , she plans a future with him .
She has told everyone Ronnie has left his wife for her and they are a full - on item . '
Locals in Clane said that Wood had barely left the house in weeks .
He used to frequent a local bar , where he would join in the odd jam session on his guitar , but that closed recently because of a fire .
Wood is estimated to be worth  70 million .
The cocktail waitress incident is being seen as the latest symptom of an alcohol problem which has seen him in rehab many times .
Trouble : Ronnie and wife Jo , here at his book signing event last year
The first time he emerged from the clinic , fellow Stone Keith Richards sent him a fax upon which he had scrawled : ' Rehab is for quitters . '
Wood , somewhat wounded , fired one back saying : ' Actually mate , I was in hospital . '
He had , he said at the time , been advised that he was only six months from death .
He had been daily consuming two or three bottles of vodka , plenty of chilled Guinness and countless Sambucas .
' I suppose I was permanently pickled , ' he said .
Richards treated it all as a bit of a joke and found it a nuisance when he lost his drinking partner .
It has never been that much of an issue , however , as Wood 's periods off the sauce never seem to last very long .
The trouble is that he has always been proud of his epic consumption .
There has never been any publiclyadmitted shame , nor has he reached what therapists call ' rock bottom ' .
Sure , his friends and drinking buddies have died - Jimi Hendrix , actor John Belushi , his first wife Krissy , comedian Peter Cook - but this has not really given him pause .
Even though his wife refers to alcohol as a ' monster ' with which he battles daily , he never seems to learn .
The ' affair ' is being described by those who know Wood as nothing more than a by - product of his alcoholic compulsion .
' He 's not run away from Jo to be with this girl , ' said one .
' He 's run away from Jo so that he can get ragged on vodka . '
Another associate said : ' I feel really sorry for Jo because she 's taken a lot of this like a good 'un .
Ronnie is not a lech , I have known him for years and I do n't think he 's even that interested in sex .
I do n't think he's had a bunk - up in ten years .
' The problem here is the drinking .
He spends a lot of time in Ireland , and you know that when he's there that is what is going on .
' He ca n't seem to control the drink and he can't seem to control anything in his life either .
It 's been a series of disasters over money and managers .
' It 's the sort of person Ronnie is .
He always looks like the kid who did n't get an ice cream .
He 's kind of helpless . '
Icon : Ronnie ( centre ) poses with director Martin Scorsese ( second right ) alongside Rolling Stones bandmates Keith Richards , Charlie Watts and Mick Jagger
Wood believes that he was born to be a drinker .
He grew up on an estate near Heathrow , and would go every night to watch his father drinking , partying and playing the piano at a local pub , the Nag 's Head .
Young Ronnie would sit on the windowsill with a packet of crisps and a Coca - Cola and watch his Dad pound the keys .
At closing time there would be a shout of ' All back to No 8 ' - the Woods ' home - and the party would start in earnest , with everyone taking as much booze as they could carry .
After the Woods moved out , the new owners found 1,700 empty Guinness bottles in the back garden .
When Ronnie started playing with the Jeff Beck Group , he developed a fondness for red vermouth , which took the edge off his stage fright .
He was , though , fairly indiscriminate in those days , and progressed through alcohol to cocaine and heroin .
It was all part of his appetite for a good time .
As he revealed in his autobiography , he had a seemingly limitless enthusiasm for narcotics .
He and Keith would stay up for 72 hours straight on cocaine while the long suffering Jo , whom he met in 1977 , was never more than a dabbler .
Keith chopped out a line of coke for them both in their wedding car on the way to the reception .
Ronnie spent a  70,000 home improvement loan on drugs , and he and Bobby Keys would stay up all day and night freebasing .
In the 1980s , when the Stones gave up touring , Ronnie 's cocaine habit became immense .
He and Jo were arrested in the Caribbean with 200 grams of coke .
His dealers used to wake him up in the middle of the night so that he could take hits .
He ended up losing his home , his nightclub and all his investments , and hallucinating that there were people hiding in the bushes of his house .
What Ronnie really loved was a party .
Those who know him say that he will always be the last to leave , even if that means staying up all night .
To this day , his supporters say that his frequent departures from the wagon are always when he has been tempted to prove his credentials as a party animal - a misplaced sense of pride which has seen Jo threaten to leave him .
' He is very easily led , ' says an old pal .
' Ronnie does n't eat , he just likes a drink .
Jo and the kids get seriously fed up with it .'
This time , he seems to have started drinking partly out of boredom after the end of the last Stones tour .
His daughter Leah 's wedding earlier this month was , of course , an excuse to indulge very heavily .
But his family have lost patience with him when he drinks , and so he tends to go to his house in County Kildare where he can knock it back in peace .
' I come from a drinking family and I always enjoy the taste of beer , ' he once said .
Several of his attempts at rehab were at Jo's insistence .
She told an interviewer : ' I was at the end of my tether , thinking , " I do n't know how much more of this I can take . "
It was every day , all night long , every night .
' Socially , everybody loved him .
Ronnie was great .
But when he got back home , he was horrible .
I used to dread going to parties because I knew we were going to be the last to leave . '
She spoke to Jagger , who told her she had to get him clean for the Stones tour .
' Ronnie did n't agree until the day before he was due to go .
It was very emotional getting him there .
It was really tough because you feel as if you 're putting him into some kind of prison . '
He spent almost a year clean , but in March 2004 , he was admitted once again to the Priory after a night drinking with Kate Moss ended with him under the table , biting people on the ankles .
Almost exactly a year later , in March 2005 , he checked into an Irish clinic after getting drunk at his wife 's 50th birthday party .
In 2006 , after celebrating his 59th birthday party in typically riotous fashion , he checked into the Priory , in Roehampton , West London , for an intense five - day drying out session .
There were no problems on the Stones ' last tour which ended this year .
As usual , Jo came along and cooked him egg and beans on a portable stove in his hotel room , and made him coffees and passed him his cigarettes .
It is , of course , possible for a ageing rocker to conquer his addictions , as Eric Clapton has proved .
But one of Wood 's friends said yesterday : ' I do n't know that Ronnie will ever straighten out .
' For him , drinking goes hand in hand with having fun , and he'd rather be dead than be boring .
I remember him saying to me when he went into rehab , " The thing is , I do n't want to end up being a boring b*****d like Clapton " . '
McCain : ' Not the time for blame ' ?
" Now is not the time to fix the blame .
It 's time to fix the problem , " McCain says , not long after his campaign blamed Obama and Pelosi for killing the bill .
Then he blames Obama and the Democrats : " Sen. Obama and his allies in Congress infused unnecessary partisanship into the process . "
" I would hope that all our leaders  all of them  can put aside short - term political goals and focus on what s best for the American people , " he says .
Nouriel Roubini really lowered the boom on Wall Street and the Republican system of ignoring basic regulatory obligations .
I wish CNBC would allow video to be embedded , but watch the video in this link .
Roubini had been predicting this financial failure for a few years so what he has to say is always interesting .
Before this implosion , the GOP economists dismissed what he had to say though today , they ve all gone quiet .
 Dad , I m having a problem at school ,  my twelve year old said to me the other day .
Being a supportive parent , I asked him to tell me about it .
 Well , today I was waiting near the bike rack for my friend Mike , and I was standing next to another bike , and the girl who owns it yelled at me .
 What did she say ?  I asked .
 She said ,  Get away from my bike , you F** king B***h!
 So , stay away from her bike ! 
I advised him .
 Yeah , but that s not all ,  he went on ,  Then she went over to these three big kids , and told them that I called her a F *** ing B ***h .
They came over and started asking me and my friend if I did it , and we both said no .
I just walked away from her , and I didnt say anything to her at all !
 What happened then ? 
I asked .
 They followed us halfway home , hollering at us and calling us names .
What can I do about her ?  he asked .
I have to admit , this is a rough one .
I have always told both my sons there are three stages to dealing with bullies :
First , you confront the bully and ask them what the problem is .
By opening up communications you might be able to bring about a peaceful resolution to the situation .
If that fails , the next step is to tell a teacher or another school official .
If the bully is pushing you around on the school property , a little adult intervention may put an end to it .
If the adults who are supposed to supervise the behavior of their charges refuse to act , then Ill do what I can .
When all else fails , go for blood .
If the bully hits you , hit him back , and hard !
It doesnt matter if the school
disciplines you for it , because what they will do to you is nothing compared to the grief that bully will put you through for the next several years .
I know because Ive been there .
Fortunately , neither of my kids has ever had to go that far .
Unfortunately , when the genders are reversed , the rules change a lot , and not for the better .
Society seems to think that girls are incapable of being bullies , or if they are , that boys should be man enough to deal with it .
As if being sucker - punched onto your butt by a female half again your size is nt supposed to hurt or be embarrassing because you are a male .
As a young lad myself , I was slapped , kicked , punched , and generally tormented by females who were supposed to be family , friends , and significant others .
Being well trained , I never hit back , but it wasnt because it didnt hurt .
It always hurt .
Being a single parent is a difficult job at best , but being a single Father has its own unique problems .
If I were a single Mom , my son a daughter and the bully a boy , the problem would be pretty easy to deal with .
Id simply call the school and tell them what happened , and my word would be good enough .
The bully would be dealt with , and the situation would be over .
Ive seen it happen .
So why should it be different for males ?
When a father calls the school to complain his son has a bully problem , the administration usually blows it off by saying ,  Boys will be boys ... what do you expect us to do about it ?
In one case , I told them that if the school refused to look into the matter , I would have to deal with it myself , and I demanded the phone number and address of the bullys parents .
For some reason , they balked at this , and eventually agreed to have a chat with the
Making the UK a fairer , more equal place since 1934
Liberty is an independent membership organisation .
We challenge injustice , defend freedom and campaign to make sure everyone in the UK is treated fairly .
We are campaigners , lawyers and policy experts who work together to protect rights and hold the powerful to account .
Together we ve been making the UK a fairer , more equal place since 1934 .
Join us .
Stand up to power .
Find out more about us
If any citizen , whether rich or poor , male or female , or white , black or brown is harmed by the law , they have the right to seek relief in a court of law .
Specifically , this means that all persons have the same access to the law and courts and to be treated equally by the law and courts , both in procedures and in the substance of the law .
So , for instance if a minority voter were denied their right to cast a ballot for president based upon the color of their skin they would have the right to petition the court for a legal remedy allowing them to cast that ballot by the same means that as a white person I cast mine .
Essentially , we both have a right to be treated equally both in procedure , which is the legal process and in the substance of the law , which is applying the same interpretation of the law to both parties .
It can be argued that the second part of the equal protection safeguard applying the same interpretation of the law to all parties is where the U.S. falls far short in regards to ballot access law .
This week , it was announced by the Bob Barr for President campaign that he will be the only presidential candidate to appear on the Texas ballot in November .
Apparently , both the Republican and Democratic party state chairs failed to meet state law by signing and delivering to the Texas secretary of state a written certification of the names of their party 's nominees for president and vice - president by 5 p.m. of the 70th day before the election is to take place .
The exact deadline was last Tuesday August 26 at 5 p.m .
On Thursday August 28th Barr sent his supporters an email with a link to the Texas secretary of state 's site that showed blank spaces under both the Republican and Democratic ballot slots .
Barr and his running mate Wayne A. Root did appear on the ballot under Libertarian .
One should assume that since the deadline had passed by two days and the state had publicly posted its ballot on the internet without McCain and Obama 's names present that Bob Barr would be the only candidate in Texas running for president .
But low and behold , after the Barr campaign brought the  oversight  to the attention of the secretary of state 's office both McCain and Obama 's names appeared on the Texas ballot .
This is peculiar since both McCain and Obama 's names were not there on the 28th and because neither man had actually been officially nominated by their respective parties by the Texas deadline .
Something smells fishy in Texas and in light of how hot it gets there in August the stench is overpowering .
This is just the latest example of how the equal protection of the law guarantees does not apply to all Americans in terms of election law .
In Texas , Barr followed the letter of the law by filing on time .
Apparently , the Republicans and Democrats did not .
Of course , Barr does have recourse by filing suit in court to have McCain and Obama 's names pulled from the Texas ballot .
Yea , good luck with that one !
Placing the onus on Barr is both ridiculous and unjust .
Texas should follow its own state laws in the first place .
It should safeguard the public 's rights by investigating the secretary of state 's office and punish her if she violated the law by placing McCain and Obama on the ballot illegally .
It is unjust because in state after state for many years either Republican or Democratic secretaries of state have thrown out minor party petitions for ballot access citing violations of state law or inadequate signature numbers .
It would be different if the major parties had to play by the same rules as the minor parties , but they do not .
Often times , filing fees are higher , more signatures are required and more complicated paperwork must accompany minor party applications for ballot access .
Minor parties have spent a fortune they do not have fighting these battles perpetrated by officials of the two major parties .
At present , Barr is fighting at least six ballot access lawsuits  Pennsylvania , West Virginia , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Oklahoma , and Maine .
He entered the presidential race to run for the office not to battle unjust laws that keep him off the ballot .
We have spent hundreds of billions of dollars fighting a war in Iraq to bring democracy to the Iraqi people .
In their National Assembly elections in 2005 more than 20 parties participated with 12 gaining seats in the legislature .
If U.S. taxpayer money can be used to guarantee the views of all people in another society be represented in their elections , is it too much to ask that the same thing be done in the U.S ?
How can we claim to be the beacon of democracy when minority voices are shut out through loopholes , chicanery and unjust rules ?
When a minority voter is denied their right to vote we are all aghast and we should be .
So then , why is it that when minority views are denied a place on the ballot and at the same time that minority voter is denied the choice to vote for it we look the other way ?
Yes , the election process in the U.S. has become very undemocratic .
Hard to believe that Iraq which suffered under a brutal dictator for so long at least for now enjoys more democracy than America .
Biden : Senator Clinton might have made a better VP pick RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday September 10 , 2008
Print This Email This " Make no mistake about this , " Senator Joseph Biden ( D - DE ) , Democratic vice presidential nominee , told an audience member at a Wednesday rally in Nashua , New Hampshire , " Hillary Clinton is as qualified or more qualified than I am to be Vice President of the United States of America . "
The audience member , as ABC News reported , had told Biden that he was glad Biden was chosen over Senator Clinton ( D - NY ) as Senator Obama 's ( D - IL ) running mate " not because she 's a woman , but because , look at the things she did in the past . "
" She 's a truly close personal friend , she is qualified to be president of the United States of America , " Biden went on .
" She 's easily qualified to be Vice President of the United States of America , and quite frankly , it might have been a better pick than me .
But she 's first rate -- I mean that sincerely -- she 's first rate , so let 's get that straight . "
" Barack Obama 's most important decision of this election , and Biden -- the candidate he selects -- suggests , himself , that he was n't the right man for the job , " said McCain spokesman Ben Porritt , " and that Hillary Clinton would have been a better choice .
Biden certainly has a credible viewpoint on this . "
DETROIT , Michigan ( CNN ) --
New state felony charges were filed Friday against Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick , even as a judge , ruling in a previous case , said the mayor could leave jail under restrictions that include GPS tracking .
Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick poses for a new booking photo from the Wayne County Sheriff 's Department .
State officials charged Kilpatrick with two felony counts of assaulting police officers , stemming from a July 24 incident .
The mayor already is facing charges of perjury , obstruction of justice and misconduct of office in connection with his testimony in a whistle - blower trial last year .
Kilpatrick has remained defiant , and rejected calls for his resignation from critics , including the president of the Detroit City Council .
However , Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , acting under a little - used state law allowing the governor to remove city officials under certain circumstances , has set a September 3 hearing that could result in his removal , Granholm spokeswoman Liz Boyd said Friday .
Kilpatrick appeared before Wayne County Circuit Court Magistrate Renee McDufee for arraignment on the new charges Friday .
He did not speak in court , and McDufee entered a not - guilty plea on his behalf .
The next court date will be August 14 or 15 , McDufee said , depending on attorneys ' schedules .
In the July 24 incident , an altercation took place as two police officers attempted to serve a subpoena on a friend of Kilpatrick 's and a potential witness in the perjury case , Michigan Attorney General Mike Cox said Friday .
Cox alleged an " irate and angry " Kilpatrick grabbed one of the officers , shoved him into the other and screamed at both of the officers , using abusive language and " race - baiting statements . "
Watch Detroit 's mayor stand before a judge 
" In almost 20 years as a prosecutor , and now as attorney general , I cannot recall one case where someone has assaulted a police officer who was attempting to serve a subpoena , " Cox said .
If convicted , Kilpatrick would face up to two years in prison , and as a convicted felon would no longer be able to serve as Detroit 's mayor .
Asked about the new charges , Kilpatrick attorney James Thomas , who was leaving the Circuit Court hearing where Kilpatrick 's bond was discussed , said , " We 're going to fight there the same way as we fought it here -- the law and common sense . "
Kilpatrick , who had been free on $ 75,000 bond on the previous charges , was ordered jailed Thursday by a District Court judge after the judge learned Kilpatrick had traveled to Canada on Detroit business without notifying the court in advance as the judge had required .
Kilpatrick 's lawyers filed an immediate appeal to Circuit Judge Thomas Jackson , who heard arguments on the bail revocation Friday .
Jackson said he agreed with " almost everything " done Thursday by Judge Ronald Giles , but said he did not agree with the complete revocation of bail without conditions .
In reinstating Kilpatrick 's bond , Judge Thomas Jackson set the amount at $ 50,000 cash , meaning Kilpatrick cannot pay the usual 10 percent to be released .
The mayor is not allowed to travel outside the three - county Detroit metropolitan area , Jackson said , and will be subject to GPS tracking .
Before McDufee , Thomas argued that additional bond should not be imposed in the new case , as Jackson 's bond was sufficient .
" We will comply with the bond conditions , " he said .
But McDufee imposed an additional $ 25,000 bond in the case , although a 10 percent payment is allowed on that amount .
She said she was adopting the conditions imposed by Jackson -- no travel and GPS tracking -- along with a new one : Kilpatrick is to have no contact with witnesses involved in the July 24 incident .
Earlier , Jackson made it clear that he did not condone Kilpatrick 's behavior , calling it " defiant " and " arrogant . "
" A judge who makes some basic rules from the beginning expects those rules to be followed , " he said .
Kilpatrick has been embroiled in a public scandal since January , when the Detroit Free Press reported he had exchanged romantic text messages with his former chief of staff , Christine Beatty , indicating the two were involved in an affair .
In testimony in a whistle - blower trial last summer , the pair , under oath , had denied any romantic attachment .
Thursday , Kilpatrick and Beatty waived their preliminary hearing and were bound over to stand trial in Circuit Court .
Beatty resigned her post after the text messages were made public .
If convicted on those charges , both would face a maximum of 15 years in prison .
All About Kwame Kilpatrick  Detroit
In Switzerland , even gangsters try to be efficient and civilized .
On August 1 , my wallet was stolen by a group of sophisticated pickpocket artists .
They observed me while I took out some money at a Cash machine .
Five minutes later , my wallet was gone  snatched from my pockets in a small Swiss town called Baden .
 This happens all the time  , a police officer told me later .
 They always attack in groups  .
Of course , I was devastated .
All my important ID cards plus a couple of credit cards were stolen .
Immediately , I canceled my credit cards , and filed a report with the local police .
Three days later , I received an e-mail from a local postmaster .
The Post Office found my wallet in an official yellow Swiss mailbox .
All the cash was gone , obviously .
But my ID cards , credit cards and even old receipts were still there , completely untouched .
 Thieves do this very often  , the postmaster told me .
 They take the money and throw the wallet in the next mailbox . 
Wow .
One has to be impressed by Swiss thieves .
Where else in the world do gangsters show empathy for their victims ?
In Switzerland , thugs keep the money but make sure to get everything else back to the rightful owner .
KERRY : Well , with all due respect to Howard , you know , I have much more respect for the Clinton supporters than that sort of quick - blush take with -- I mean , how stupid do they think the Clinton supporters are , for Heaven sakes ?
Do they think Clinton supporters supported Hillary only because she was a woman .
For Heaven sakes , they supported Hillary because of all the things she 's fought for , because she fights for health care , which John McCain does n't support ; she fights for children and children 's health care , which John McCain voted against ; she fights for a windfall profits tax on the oil company , which John McCain opposes .
I mean , for Heaven sakes , the people who supported Hillary Clinton are not going to be seduced just because John McCain has picked a woman .
They 're going to look at what she supports .
The fact that she does n't even support the notion that climate change is manmade -- she 's back there with the Flat Earth Caucus .
And I do n't see how those women are going to be fooled into believing -- I think it 's almost insulting to the Hillary supporters that they believe they would support somebody who is against almost everything that they believe in .
STEPHANOPOULOS : OK .
KERRY : What John McCain has proven with this choice -- this is very important , George .
John McCain wanted to choose Tom Ridge .
He wanted to choose Joe Lieberman .
He wanted to choose another candidate , but you know what ?
Rush Limbaugh and the right wing vetoed it .
And John McCain was forced to come back and pick a sort of Cheney - esque social conservative who 's going to satisfy the base .
What John McCain has proven with this choice is that John McCain is the prisoner of the right wing , not a maverick .
Much has been made recently of the possibility that the Greenland ice - sheet could doom us all .
Al Gore unwisely used it in his movie An Inconvenient Truth , without providing any references , saying that if the ice - sheet melted , it would raise sea-levels 6.5 meters .
Of course , this is entirely true  Greenland s ice - sheet could do this  it s just not going to anytime soon .
And according to recent research , even the more dire warnings of recent times are nt to be believed either .
Of late , the view that Greenland s ice - sheet was sliding in to the ocean off its coast was worrying many .
Melt water atop the glaciers was forming , creating giant pools of warmer water which would , eventually , bore down through the ice creating what is known as moulins .
Thus , the melt water would begin pooling underneath the glacier , and increase the slippery - slide effect towards the ocean .
Many thought that such events would see a positive feedback loop , whereby the acceleration of the ice towards the warmer weather towards sea level would increase the melt and thus increase the acceleration and thus 
However Roderik Van de Waal and colleagues at the Utrecht University in the Netherlands , do not believe this to be the case .
Van de Waal and his team believe that the channels that carry the melt water out to sea freeze up during winter .
However in summer , they reopen , and the water that rushes down through the moulins to the bedrock below overwhelm the small channels , and the subsequent pressure lifts the ice - sheet off the rock , enabling it to move faster .
However the team have concluded that , after only a few days , the channels are forced open by the water , and it drains away from the glacier , stopping any lubricated slip to damnation .
However not all scientists agree .
Jay Zwally of NASA s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , believes that averaging the data over the last 17 years  which is what Van de Waal have done  does nt make sense .
 It s only in the last five years or so that the warming signal has really been visible ,  he says .
So , we ve either removed a fear from the Earth plummeting in to immediate doom , or not .
Either way , science continues on .
Source
Photo Credit Jesse Allen , Earth Observatory
Yet another blog , by yet another person ,
about programming , software , and other random things .
It will be fascinating to see the Alaska Republican delegation front and center at this week s Republican National Convention now that Alaska governor Sarah Palin will be on the ticket .
This is a state party whose establishment faction , to put it mildly , is nt too enamored with their reform - minded governor .
This is a state party whose chairman , Randy Ruedrich , has been feuding with Palin for years .
Palin exposed Ruedrich for ethical violations in 2004 when both served on the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission  and their relationship has been frosty ever since .
Ruedrich declined to comment at the historic nature of having an Alaskan on the national ticket for the first time in the state s history .
And this is a governor who bucked the establishment in endorsing her lieutenant governor , Sean Parnell , over Rep. Don Young ( R - Alaska ) , who has represented the state in Congress for more than three decades .
The legislative leadership of the Alaska Republican Party is nt enamored with Palin s selection , either , according to the Anchorage Daily News .
State Senate President Lyda Green said she thought it was a joke when someone called her at 6 a.m. to tell her the news .
" She 's not prepared to be governor .
How can she be prepared to be vice president or president ? " said Green , a Republican from Palin 's hometown of Wasilla .
" Look at what she 's done to this state .
What would she do to the nation ? "
Green , who has feuded with Palin , brought up the big oil tax increase Palin pushed through last year .
She also pointed to the award of a $ 500 million state subsidy to a Canadian firm to pursue a natural gas pipeline that 's far from guaranteed .
House Speaker John Harris , a Republican from Valdez , was also astonished at the news .
He did n't want to get into the issue of her qualifications .
" She 's old enough , " Harris said .
" She 's a U.S. citizen . "
It 's striking to see the state 's Democratic congressional nominee effusively praising Palin , while the leading Alaska Republicans are shunning her .
Taking on the GOP establishment is a central part of her appeal  and a major reason why McCain picked her  but her frosty relationship with much of her own statewide party will make for some interesting Alaska delegation breakfasts next week .
comments closed
permalink
GIMPS Discovers 45th and 46th Mersenne Primes ,
243,112,609-1 is now the Largest Known Prime .
Titanic Primes Raced to Win $ 100,000 Research Award
SAN DIEGO , California and ORLANDO , Florida , September 15 , 2008  Researchers have discovered the two largest known prime numbers , a whopping 12,978,189 and 11,185,272 digits long , as part of a 12 year old , world - wide volunteer computing project , the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search ( " GIMPS " ) .
The primes can be written shorthand as 243,112,609 - 1 and 237,156,667-1 .
The larger number qualifies for a $ 100,000 research award , most of which GIMPS will donate to the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) , and to charity .
In recognition of every GIMPS participant 's contribution , credit for the qualifying prime goes to " Edson Smith , George Woltman , Scott Kurowski , et al " , and the other to " Hans- Michael Elvenich , George Woltman , Scott Kurowski , et al " .
A nearly decade - long competition for a $ 100,000 award from the Electronic Frontier Foundation ended closely when the larger prime surfaced on a UCLA computer managed by Edson Smith , just two weeks before the second prime was found by Hans - Michael Elvenich 's computer , in Langenfeld near Cologne , Germany .
Both are among the 100,000 computers in GIMPS PrimeNet , a " grass - roots supercomputer " as Science magazine describes it , which has been running continuously since 1996 and performs 29 trillion calculations per second .
Had Elvenich 's prime been discovered first , it would have qualified , instead .
" We 're proud be to participants in GIMPS and grateful to the UCLA Mathematics Department for providing computational resources to the project , " said Edson Smith , Computing Manager .
Hans -Michael Elvenich , a German electrical engineer and prime number enthusiast , adds , " After four years of searching for a prime on GIMPS , finally a great success ! "
" These exciting discoveries are literally at the Internet 's ' electronic frontier ' , " says PrimeNet inventor , Scott Kurowski , a software technologist in San Diego , California .
" Developing technologies and methods to apply the incredibly vast power of cooperative research computing is why the Electronic Frontier Foundation set up their grand challenge awards .
It 's serious research , but fun and educational , too . "
GIMPS founder George Woltman in Orlando , Florida said , " In addition to congratulating and gratefully acknowledging the vast contributions of our hundreds of thousands of participants over the years , we 're committed to giving $ 25,000 to charity , $ 50,000 to UCLA for its part in the discovery , and most of what 's left to other GIMPS prime discoverers . "
He adds , " Our research project will soon offer the chance to achieve the next challenge , the $ 150,000 award for an immensely more difficult 100 - million - digit prime .
All you need to participate is our free software download , and a lot of patience ! "
For more information , see www.mersenne.org.
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Crude oil prices fell more than 5.4 percent on Friday in the biggest one - day slide since 2004 as dealers turned their focus to rising supply levels and weakening global demand .
An oil tanker nears the Trans - Alaska Pipeline Marine Terminal in Valdez , Alaska , August , 9 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
A rebound in the U.S. dollar encouraged the sell - off , applying downward pressure across the commodities markets by weakening the purchasing power of buyers using other currencies , dealers said .
The slide adds to a more than 20 percent fall in the price of crude since mid-July and could increase the chance oil cartel OPEC will cut official production limits when the group meets in Vienna on September 9 .
U.S. crude fell $ 6.59 , or 5.4 percent , to settle at $ 114.59 a barrel -- the biggest fall in percentage terms since December 27 , 2004 .
London Brent crude fell $ 6.24 to $ 113.92 a barrel .
 People who were buying yesterday are taking profits today ,  said Peter Beutel , analyst at consultancy Cameron Hanover .
 There is also renewed technical selling and talk again of demand destruction .
The dollar is strong again too . 
The declines Friday were encouraged by two reports -- one showing an uptick in OPEC crude oil output and another showing an expected decline in U.S. travel over the September 1 Labor Day holiday weekend as high fuel prices hit consumers .
Industry consultant Petrologistics said on Friday OPEC oil output was expected to rise in August by 450,000 barrels per day , to 32.95 million bpd , a factor that could further beef up inventory levels in consumer nations .
Meanwhile , the U.S. auto and travel group AAA said that Labor Day holiday travel was expected to fall this year by the largest amount in at least eight years as consumers struggle with higher gasoline prices and airfares .
Concerns high energy costs are taking a toll on global fuel demand have played a big role in oil s sharp descent from peaks above $ 147 a barrel in mid-July .
But oil prices remain up about 15 percent so far this year .
Friday s losses came after a big climb in prices earlier in the week that had been supported by rising tension between the United States and Russia , the world s second biggest oil producer .
Russia said this week it would respond with more than just a diplomatic protest to a U.S. deal with Poland to station parts of a U.S. missile defense shield on Polish soil .
Relations between Russia and the West had already been strained by Moscow s military intervention in Georgia , a conflict that has already disrupted rail shipments of Azeri oil through the region .
Meanwhile , operations on the Baku - Tblisi - Ceyhan oil pipeline were ramping up with a cargo of Azeri crude scheduled to be loaded in Turkey early next week -- the first cargo since an explosion on the line in Turkey August 5 .
Well I m back with part two of my functional pearls series .
This pearl is perhaps the most famous : Gerard Huet s Zipper .
Its a simple , but beautiful little data structure for purely functional tree editing .
the problem
You have to create an application which involves manipulating trees of some kind ( Huet wanted to make a structured editor for a proof assistant  whatever that means ! ) .
You want to be able to move about in a tree , change things etc .
You want it to be efficient , but you do nt want to do evil mutable things .
With that background , let s start with a variable arity tree type :
data Tree a = Leaf a | Tree ( a , [ Tree a ] )
Now we re going to construct a Zipper for such trees .
We want tree editing of course , but I am going to focus on navigation within the tree .
If you can do that , then editing is easy .
One way of  moving about  within such a tree is obvious : I start at the top and go down to whatever spot I m interested in .
This is perfectly fine if my moves are going to be entirely random because in that case no matter what I do I will have to work arbitrarily hard to get where I want to go , so this solution is as good as any .
However , tree editing is rarely that random .
Usually after I work on a node , I am likely to move to one of the nodes nearby .
So it would be great if I had an efficient way of moving up / down / left / right from the current node ( instead of always starting at the root ) .
This means I must have a way to remember where I am right now and how I got there .
In a nutshell , thats all the zipper is : a way to keep track of location within a tree in order to provide efficient movement and editing operations around the  current  location .
Lost !
So we will perform operations not on a tree , but on a  location 
data Location a = ( Tree a , Path a )
Location is a tuple of two things : a ( sub ) tree which is the current focus of attention , and a path upwards from the root of this subtree to the root of the entire tree .
This path must have all the information needed to build up the rest of the tree whenever needed .
For example , if I want to move up , I need to be able to build my parent s subtree again .
So we define :
data Path a = Top | Node ( a , [ Tree a ] , Path a , [ Tree a ] )
Basically , this says :
If I am ( the root of ) a subtree , I need to know four things  My siblings on the left and on the right , my parent s label ( in order to build the parent again ) , and a path to my parent .
This is what a  Node  stores ( Top simply means there is nothing above me ) .
Then working recursively upward , I can build up the entire tree .
This is where the Zipper gets its name .
It works a lot like a physical zipper ( except inverted ) .
When moving down to a subtree , you are  zipping up  the rest of the tree into a  Path  .
When you move up , you  pull down  the zipper to reveal  the rest of the tree ! 
OK , now lets look at a navigation operation  moving one step left / right :
goLeft ( t , Node ( a , tl:l , p , r ) ) = ( tl , Node ( a , l , p , t:r ) ) goRight ( t , Node ( a , l , p , tr: r ) ) = ( tr , Node ( a , t:l , p , r ) )
( Of course all other patterns are errors . )
Both operations are simple , the only thing to note is the  direction  of the left and right sibling lists  l &  r  .
The immediate left ( resp. right ) sibling is at the head and the lists then move  outward  from there .
This ensures constant time movement in both directions .
Moving down is also constant time , moving up however is not :
goDown ( Tree ( a , t:r ) , p ) = ( t , Node ( a , [ ] , p , r ) ) goUp ( t , Node ( a , l , p , r ) ) = ( Tree ( a , reverse l ++ ( t:r ) ) , p )
With these basic navigation primitives , we can define more complicated movements .
Insertions and deletions are also similar ( code given later ) .
There can also be a few variations on this zipper :
Huet gave an example of a  memoizing  zipper , which is useful when you want to go up and down to the same spot often .
Here , the tree would be defined as :
data MemoTree a = Leaf a | Tree ( a , [ MemoTree a ] , MemoTree a , [ MemoTree a ] )
A MemoTree keeps track of a certain distinguished subtree at each level .
The definitions of  Path  and the  goUp  and  goDown  primitives are changed slightly , so that goUp .
goDown = id i.e. goDown does nt take you to the leftmost child , but rather to the exact same child you went up from ( hence the MemoTree a in the Tree constructor ) .
Genericize ?
Now this is all well and good , but there is something fundamentally unsatisfactory here : we are forced to use variable arity trees .
Suppose I had a binary tree instead .
BTree a = Nil | BTree ( a , BTree a , BTree a )
How would I obtain a Zipper for this ?
Of course , it is easy to modify the code for a variable arity Zipper and make it work with BTrees .
But this is not good enough because I would have to ( manually ) create a new Zipper for every tree type .
Can I generate these Zippers automatically ?
Alternatively , can I write a single Zipper that will work for any tree type ?
We have now entered Conor McBride territory .
If you want to generate a Zipper , then given a tree you must define a Path type .
McBride found a wonderful connection between ordinary , high school derivatives , and Zipper types .
I will talk about this in my next post ( or you could read McBride s  The derivative of a regular type is it s type of one hole context  ) , but its too long ( and too interesting ) to fit here .
Right now I m going to take a different ( and very simplistic ) route .
Here you will find a Zipper module ( largely untested btw ) which is a very simple hack based on the variable arity Zipper .
It exports a single class , Zippable , that can be instantiated by a fixed arity tree to automagically get a Zipper for that tree .
class Zippable tree a | tree -> a
( You might want to look up multi- parameter type classes and functional dependencies , but you do nt really need to .
the tree -> a part simply means that when instantiating this class , the  tree  type will uniquely specify an  a  type .
It s only needed to remove ambiguities when type checking ) .
Here tree is your tree type ( eg BTree String ) and a is the element type ( eg String ) .
To create a Zippable instance , you must define the following functions ( the navigation / editing defaults can then be used ) :
fromList :: ( a , [ tree ] ) -> tree toList :: tree -> ( a , [ tree ] ) isNil :: tree -> bool nil :: tree arity :: tree ->
Int
And here s a BTree Zipper :
instance ( BTree a ) a where fromList ( a , [ l , r ] ) = BTree ( a , l , r ) toList ( BTree ( a , l , r ) ) = ( a , [ l , r ] ) isNil Nil = True isNil _ = False nil = Nil arity _ = 2
fromList is used to make it look like the current node is variable arity .
toList does the opposite .
Internally , all tree editing functions maintain a constant number of trees at each level ( by inserting / deleting  nils  which act as placeholders : which is why the nil function is needed to return a  nil  value ) .
The arity represents arity ( doh ! ) , and currently its not really used except that setting it to 0 is used to specify variable arity .
Now one obvious problem here is that this really only works for types like  BTree  , i.e. your tree must be representable in this particular form .
This need not be the case for even slightly more exotic trees ( for eg. where there may be several branches of different types ) .
So lets restrict ourselves to these simple tree types for now .
The module hides the definition of Path and Location , but provides two functions tree and root which take a tree in and out of a Zipper .
So externally , your program only sees your tree type .
Obviously , the whole thing is just an ugly hack , but to an extent it works !
For example :
(>>>) = flip (. ) edittree :: ( Zippable ( BTree a ) a ) => a ->
BTree a ->
BTree a edittree a = ( tree >>> goDown >>> changeLabel a >>> goUp >>> root )
There may also be scope for some fun variations , because you may be able to play around with fromList .
Perhaps perform height balancing  fromList only gets called when moving up , or inserting below the current position .
Another interesting question is whether you could define suitable fromList and toList s for non-tree structures .
Perhaps a Zipper for a graph which works on say , its ( implicit ) DFS tree ?
Of course I m not at all sure this is possible , or that it makes any sense at all 
Anyway , that s it for now , next time I ll talk about what derivatives have to do with data types , and a more serious solution to the generic zipper problem .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in functional , functional pearl , Haskell , programming
1332110()( 810)
911()(1156)2634634650100
16 - layers -- that 's how many layers it takes to the hit the center of a 400 GB Blu-ray disc , pops .
That 's 25 GB per layer just like those dual - layer 50 GB discs available for retail .
Best of all , the technique used by Pioneer is expected to be backward compatible with existing Blu-ray gear since the specs and lenses required for pickup are identical .
The prototype is read - only for the moment but R&D 's on it so let 's give them some time to work it out . :
Now that the English press release is out , it 's less clear whether the new media -- whenever it might come to market -- will work in existing Blu-ray players or not .
While " it is possible to maintain compatibility between the new 16 - layer optical disc and the BD discs , " players would seemingly require a modified optical pick - up mechanism to see the data .
We 'll learn more on July 13th when Pioneer discusses the breakthrough in detail .
[ Via Impress
Image credit : By The original uploader was Rhodesl at English Wikipedia .
( Transferred from en.wikipedia to Commons . ) [ Public domain ] , via Wikimedia Commons
The Muse des Arts et Mtiers has always been one of my favorite spots in Paris .
What impressed me the most on my first visit was some of the very old laboratory apparatus that enabled scientists of centuries past to figure out some very difficult puzzles without the benefit of modern gadgets such as lasers and high - speed digital computers .
In particular , I spent a long time studying the equipment Jean Bernard Lon Foucault used to measure the speed of light in the mid-1800s .
Foucault worked in a variety of scientific fields , with his greatest claim to fame being a simple mechanical method for proving the rotation of the Earth  what came to be known as Foucault s Pendulum .
I was even more astounded , though , to see how he solved the extremely vexing problem of making an accurate measurement of the speed of light without so much as an electric motor or a quartz crystal .
The display of his lab bench in the museum had not only a printed description but even an animated video presentation .
Unfortunately , my French was nt good enough for me to comprehend exactly how it worked ; I could only tell that it had something to do with a rotating mirror , measuring angles , and ( most puzzling of all ) a tuning fork .
Later , reading about the equipment in English , I finally understood , and I ll describe his method in a moment .
But first , a bit of history .
Early Estimates
From ancient times , astronomers and other thinkers wondered how fast light moved ; for a long while , conventional wisdom held ( reasonably enough ) that it traveled instantaneously .
Galileo described ( and possibly performed ) an experiment in which two subjects stood about a mile apart , with a third person observing them both from a distance .
The first person uncovered a lantern , and as soon as his partner a mile away saw the lantern s light , he uncovered his lantern .
The third person s job was to measure the time between when he saw the first light and the second light ; Galileo then intended to use that amount of time , along with the distances between the participants , to calculate the speed of light .
Unfortunately , the test was inconclusive , because the delay was too short to be measured accurately .
Even Galileo admitted it was more a test of response time than a measurement of the speed of light .
All he could conclude from the experiment was that light traveled at least 10 times faster than sound .
Over the following centuries , several astronomers made inferential estimates of the speed of light based on observations of the movements of planets and stars .
Some of these estimates were quite shrewd , sophisticated , and ( it would later turn out ) fairly accurate , but they were unsatisfying because they required educated guesses about astronomical speeds and distances and could not be reproduced in a laboratory .
So in the middle of the 19th century , two French scientists started investigating the problem independently , each arriving at a novel way to make the measurement with readily available equipment .
Wheels and Mirrors
In 1849 , Armand Fizeau sent a beam of light through a rotating wheel with a large number of teeth around the outside .
A mirror on the other side reflected the beam each time a gap appeared in the path of the light .
Fizeau realized that if the wheel rotated fast enough , the return beam would be blocked by the next tooth as it came around .
So he varied the speed of the wheel until the reflected beam disappeared , performed a bit of math , and got a result of 315,000 km / second ( 195,732 miles / second )  certainly in the ballpark .
Meanwhile , Foucault was working on a different but equally clever technique , which he demonstrated the following year .
Foucault s method was to shine a sharply focused beam of light onto a rotating mirror , and from there onto a fixed mirror .
Once the light hit the fixed mirror , it bounced back onto the rotating mirror and then back toward the source .
But because the mirror was rotating , the angle at which it was positioned had changed slightly by the time the beam made its return trip .
Consequently , the reflected beam did not line up precisely with the original .
Foucault could easily measure the angle between the original light source and the reflected beam , and along with known constants ( the distances between the various surfaces and the speed of the mirror s rotation ) , it was a matter of a few straightforward calculations to convert that small angle into a representation of speed .
Using this technique , Foucault produced a measurement of 298,000 km / second ( 185,167 miles / second ) , which is shockingly close to the modern measurement of 299,792 km / second ( 186,282 miles / second ) , keeping in mind that the latter figure applies only in a vacuum ; light travels more slowly in air .
As for the tuning fork  Foucault used this to regulate the speed of the rotating mirror .
The apparatus that turned the mirror made a sound that varied with its speed ; when the sound exactly matched that of the tuning fork , Foucault knew precisely how many revolutions per second it was making .
Interestingly , in 1926 scientist Albert Michelson made a more refined version of Foucault s apparatus .
Using the best equipment available in his day , Michelson measured the speed of light at 299,796 km / second ( 186,285 miles / second ) , amazingly impressive for a mechanical measurement .
Many other methods for measuring the speed of light followed , and thanks to improved optics , precision measuring devices , lasers , and digital timing equipment , scientists have arrived at a more accurate figure .
But not that much more accurate , after all ; Foucault did his profession proud .
On the other hand , the most delicious method  at , admittedly , the cost of some accuracy  involves using nothing more than a bar of chocolate , a microwave oven , and a ruler .
You re welcome .
Note :
This is an updated version of an article that originally appeared on Interesting Thing of the Day on September 29 , 2003 , and again in a slightly revised form on August 22 , 2004 .
Click to view With the Arctic Ocean ice melting rapidly  in fact , this summer it 's already at the second - lowest level on record , and still shrinking  it 's time for us to start imagining what life will be like in the Arctic Circle when all the ice is gone .
Some scientists predict that the Arctic Ocean could be ice - free as soon as September , but more likely it will be ice - free all summer by 2030 or 2050 .
What will that look like ?
You can see an ice - free Arctic Ocean above .
And we 've also got a gallery of images showing you the Arctic Ocean as it was , as it is , and as it will be .
Here 's the old - school Arctic Ocean , the way it looked before the 2000s when things started melting .
Advertisement
( Satellite views via NASA / RADARSAT / Alaska Synthetic Aperture Radar Facility . )
Here 's a model predicting almost complete ice melt by 2050 .
Advertisement
Chart via Fullerton College
And you 've probably seen this image before .
It 's the most commonly - used infographic showing the extreme ice melting that 's taken place over the past decade .
The ice cap has shrunk nearly 40 percent in summers during that time , and will probably shrink more than that before this year 's melting season is over in late September .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Time lapse map via Wikipedia .
Get used to seeing an ice - free Arctic coast .
This was taken last year off the coast of Alaska .
Advertisement
Arctic Coast via Sulekha.com .
About five years ago , some scientists argued that heavy cloud cover over the Arctic would protect the ice from melting .
Here is a photograph of those clouds from 2003 .
Sadly , the swirly clouds did n't prevent melting , and the biggest melts came in 2005 and 2007 .
Advertisement
Satellite photo of clouds over Arctic Ocean from 2003 via University of Wisconsin - Madison .
A big worry for environmental scientists right now is the melting of the ice sheet on Greenland , which you can see illustrated here .
Obviously , this huge ice sheet melting will raise water levels , but it will also have an effect you might not have realized :
When ice melts and then refreezes , it can absorb up to four times more sunlight , and therefore will melt more easily next season and create a magnified melting effect .
Advertisement
Greenland melt from 2005 via NASA .
Possibly
One of the most interesting aspects of the study of flying saucers , beyond the reality that they are real and extraterrestrial , is their philosophy .
What manner of creatures builds and flies them ?
What do they look like ?
How do they think ?
Are their ideas and ideals similar to ours ?
Could we understand them ?
All these and many other questions plague the serious investigator .
Teen Socialite Peaches Geldof Weds Max Drummey in Vegas ( Photos )
British teen socialite , 19 , traveled to Las Vegas last week and marriedthe 23 year old member of the pop music band Chester French while the pair were on vacation in the U.S.
It is unclear whether it was a sudden whim or had been their reason for hitting the gambling mecca .
This comes on the heels of rumors that Peaches was datingfrom another British band The Horrors .
A publicist for the couple released this statement of confirmation :
" Peaches and Max Drummey are delighted to announce their very happy marriage .
The couple tied the knot in a simple low - key ceremony in Las Vegas last week .
Their marriage has the full support of their family and friends .
Peaches and Max did not want unnecessary publicity , but following growing media speculation , have decided to set out the facts .
No further comment from either will be forthcoming . "
Maxwell Drummey met his musical partner D.A. Wallach at Harvard University .
They named their pop music band after sculptor Daniel Chester French .
Their song She Loves Everybody was featured in the closing credits of the HBO show Entourage .
has reportedly been unhappy about his daughter 's partying ways .
The teen was reported to have recently suffered a drug overdose and was discovered by a good friend who was able to get her medical help .
The Irish singer , songwriter , actor and political activist became famous as a member of the Boomtown Rats .
The 56 year old has also been successful in business , co-founding a television production company Planet 24 .
He is also known to be controversial and outspoken and was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1986 .
Check out more photos below .
Photos : WENN
What Code Golf Taught Me About Python Posted by Louis Brandy on 29 September 2008
So I 've become seriously addicted to code golf .
For those that do n't know , code golf is a competition where you try to pass some programming test with a program consisting of the least number of characters .
I chose to play code golf in Python because I wanted to learn more about the language .
I 'll probably eventually do the same for Ruby .
I know the title of this might be controversial .
There 's alot of people who have never tried it , know no one who has , but still have strong opinions on why golfing is a negative practice to undertake .
These people are wrong .
Golfing is just a programming puzzle .
It does n't remove your ability to recognize ugly code .
Anyone who tries to " golf " outside of a golfing context has bigger problems .
What follows is a brief guide to the idioms that I learned through code golf that could be useful in real programming .
It will also serve as a helpful set of tips for python golfers .
I 'll probably do a followup post with idioms that are useful but are completely worthless for any real programming .
I am by no means a code golf expert .
I recently attained the 6th rank and have 5th well within striking distance , but my average per " hole " is n't staggering .
So please keep in mind this is by no means a definitive list of techniques required to be successful .
If anyone wants to email me some tips on the Dancing Queens puzzle , feel free .
I 've been beating my head against a wall on this one for a few weeks and have n't even gotten close to Mark Byer 's 100 .
I do n't know Mark , but I 'd like to shake his hand .
White Space
You can almost always turn single if / while / for loops into one - liners Nested control structures that require white space are n't used as often as you think exec can save the day ( not useful for real programming ! )
if a : # before bob ( ) jim ( ) if a : bob ( ) ; jim ( ) # after
Most people ( wrongly ) believe that white space is the reason Python is a poor language for golfing .
In very few cases do the white space rules result in longer python programs .
( The real reason that Python gets soundly beat by Ruby or Perl is a combination of the verbose nature of the standard python library and the strictness with types that requires additional keystrokes to overcome . )
Back to our war on white space ... The second point will be covered by some of the techniques below so let 's deal with the first .
Simple .
Effective .
One line if / while / for statements should n't be used in regular python very often but there are times when removing that white space can sometimes substantially clean up the code .
Functional Programming
Conditional Moves
if a < 0 : # beginner python b=2 * a else : b=3 * a b=2 * a if a < 0 else 3 * a # proper python b=a <0 and 2 * a or 3 *a # codegolf1 b=a *( 3,2 ) [ a < 0 ] # codegolf2
Hopefully this is obvious but code golfers should be ready and willing to map ( ) all kinds of things all over the place .
Fall in love with map ( ) .
You generally wo n't use reduce ( ) in golf because most often , after mapping , you 'll tend to use either join ( ) or sum ( ) or something along those lines .
Lambdas also get a fair bit of action in code golf .
You 'll become much more familiar with this section of the language .
Often times your if statements are nothing but glorified conditional move instructions .
Those if statements can almost always be replaced by simpler statements :
Now , all of the above idioms have pros and cons as far both function and readability .
Let 's get the caveats out of the way .
The first code golf technique above only works if your first expression does n't evaluate to 0 .
The second code golf expression does n't short circuit ( so , for example , ( 0, a / b ) [ b!=0 ] does not prevent division by 0 ) .
All three of these idioms ( if / else , and / or , and the index into a tuple ) are worth understanding and recognizing .
They can all be very powerful in certain real world situations .
Operators
Booleans as Values
print " Good Morning ! " + ( mailcount > 0 ) "
You have new mail ! " print " You have %d email message %s . " %( mailcount , 's '( mailcount != 1 ) )
Miscellaneous
a=b=0 # I had no idea python let you do this transpose=zip ( * list ) rev = anything [ :: - 1 ] # reversed ( ) that works on any sequence print x + y # convert to string ( via repr ) print x , # ends print with a space ( instead of a newline )
Code golfers become intimately familiar with the order of operations ( removing those parentheses ! ) .
This is extremely useful information to know by heart , but you should n't be dropping those parentheses in your real code .
As a special note , the two string operators , * and % , are crucial .
Most people are hopefully aware of these already . ' %' is the string formatting operator .
As a code golfer , you will master it and all its variants .
Similarly , strings can be multiplied by integers to repeat them .
If you want a hint of how powerful these can could potentially be for a code golfer , think about multiplying and string formatting mixed with the exec command .
Here is where alot of the magic begins to happen .
When all else fails , Python will treat a Boolean True as an integer value 1 , and a False as 0 .
This becomes extremely powerful when mixed with some of the techniques above .
Here 's a grab bag of other useful things .
Hopefully this is self - explanatory .
Roger Moore
Taiwan News
August 22 , 2008
Tommy Chong s glory days of starring as the latter half of the pothead comedy act Cheech & Chong were decades behind him .
And then he went to prison .
A documentary ,  a/k / a Tommy Chong ,  on how he was jailed for his reputation , part of a nationwide sting aimed at sellers of pot paraphernalia , has won awards at film festivals .
The movie comes out on DVD Tuesday .
 You do not have to approve of drugs to be offended  at how Chong was treated , critic Roger Ebert wrote .
Selective prosecution
Chong became a symbol for victims of the politicized Bush Justice Department , which followed up its  selective prosecution  of Chong by seizing 10,000 copies of the DVD last May , even though he does nt profit from the film .
 The Justice Department ?
They re my best career boosters ,  Chong jokes .
Chong s stand - up act was re-invigorated .
His long - estranged partner , Cheech Marin , agreed to re-form their act and take it on the road .
But there s a cautionary tale in Chong s story .
We reached him at his home in Pacific Palisades , California .
 No American is safe 
Question :
Why should the average American care about what happens to a guy who s famous for what you re famous for ?
Answer : The American Dream is based on  the pursuit of happiness . 
The government found a way to take that away from me , and by incarcerating me for putting my name on water pipes , they can selectively prosecute anybody .
Somehow , sending a piece of glass through the mails , or  conspiring  to send it , is a crime .
If they can lock me up for that , no American is safe .
Q. : The film shows us that your son s company was lured , tricked into shipping pipes to a state where they re not allowed .
Is there anything , in retrospect , that you could have done differently ?
A. : They were determined to get me , and that s why I went to jail .
Had I been a criminal , I would ve been protected .
I m just an American citizen who got caught up in a PR campaign by the Bush administration .
But I m their bad karma , by the way .
They arrested a popular guy .
And everybody wants to hear my story .
Now I ve got a DVD , Cheech and I are touring .
I do interviews about the why and how of what they did all the time .
I m that headache that wo nt go away for them .
Q. : What was the low point for you ?
A. : Oh , that first night in jail .
I had a bad , bad attack of claustrophobia .
There was a prisoner in the bunk above me , one off to the side .
They re men , so they re making men sounds .
I could hear the doors being locked .
I had a real panic attack .
Then , I got calm .
I felt  the presence . 
After that first night , I had the best experience of my life .
Q. : When did it start seeming funny to you ?
A. : That next day .
It was like going on a cruise , because every dude in there knew who I was .
If they did nt know the records or movies , they knew the TV (  That  70s Show  ) show .
The prison thought they were punishing me more , putting me right across the hall from the bathroom .
But I m an old guy .
That came in handy !
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
* Portrait : Mario Hugo *
In the past , malefactors seeking to enrich uranium to bomb - grade quality needed either a highly conspicuous industrial plant or specialized equipment that was hard to obtain and relatively easy to monitor .
But there 's a new method on the horizon , and it 's potentially far easier to hide .
For the past four years , Charles Ferguson has been tracking the progress of a technology known as laser isotope separation .
Still experimental , it requires only a warehouse - sized space and the kind of lasers within reach of a high school science geek .
" The A. Q. Khan network is old - school , " Ferguson says , referring to the Pakistani scientist who sold bomb secrets to Iran , Libya , and North Korea .
" The next Khan network could use this new technique . "
WMD experts often overlook laser enrichment because it's not yet productive enough for industrial use .
That 's a serious mistake .
In 2002 , dissidents exposed laser experiments in Iran ; at least a dozen other countries are known to have dabbled in the technique .
Bottom line :
The US needs to develop its own small - scale laser - enrichment operations , which it could study to learn more about the telltale signs of illicit setups .
For example , key equipment used for the faux projects could then be flagged for additional monitoring .
If authorities can learn to track these small - scale operations , they have a decent chance of bringing the clandestine potential of laser uranium enrichment in from the cold .
Bomb Factories
Uranium enrichment facilities are getting smaller  and easier to hide .
Gaseous Diffusion
This Cold War -era method of enriching uranium is expensive and difficult to conceal .
It consumes large amounts of energy ( which can be monitored easily ) and requires industrial facilities of several acres , almost always conspicuous in satellite imagery .
Gas Centrifuge Separation
This process takes less space and energy than diffusion but poses other inconveniences to would - be proliferators .
Few manufacturers are capable of producing the necessary precision - tooled centrifuges , a fact that makes equipment easier to track .
Laser Isotope Separation
Off - the - shelf technology can be used to run this emerging enrichment method .
It takes relatively little space and consumes virtually untraceable amounts of energy , so a secret laser separation facility can operate in an unassuming warehouse .
Charles Ferguson is Senior Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations .
Related The 2008 Smart List : 15 People the Next President Should Listen To 1 . Parag Khanna : Embrace the Post - American Age 2 . David Laibson : Tweak Human Behavior to Fix the Economy 3 . Carolyn Porco : Use Big Robots  and Big Rockets 4 . Leroy Hood : Look to the Genome to Rebuild Health Care 5 . Montgomery McFate : Use Anthropology in Military Planning 6 . Peter Gleick : Deal With the Water Crisis Now 7 .
Jagdish Bhagwati : Keep Free Trade Free 8 . Ellen Miller : Make Washington More Like the Web 9 . Ram Shriram : Open Up the Airwaves 10 .
A.T. Ball : Wage Smarter War With Agile Army IT 11 .
Steve Rayner : Take Climate Change Seriously 12 .
Mitchell Joachim : Redesign Cities From Scratch 13 .
Mark Smolinski : Detect Epidemics Before They Start 14 .
Charles Ferguson : Beware of New , Easy - to - Make Nukes 15 .
Robert Dalrymple : Get Ready for Extreme Weather Game Controllers Driving Drones , Nukes
Nuke Smuggler Peddled Missile - Ready Bomb Designs
Photos Provide Rare Glimspe Into Iran's Nuke Program
In the Search for Loose Nukes , a Little Propaganda Goes a Long Way
We need a keylogger that can be installed remotely .
Description :
The main purpose is that the user A can send an email with a program to install ( example : a game or a funny program ) to the person B .
When the person B install the program on his computer , he is installing at the same time an invisible keylogger on his computer .
Then the person A is receiving the report by email of every keystrokes that the person B is doing on his computer .
EL SALVADOR ( Central America ) There 's a new version of an old game being played in the schools of this country , this game is played all over the world but not mixed , in El Salvador it 's played mixed male / female .
Using tiny wires and fishnet structures , researchers at the University of California , Berkeley , have found new ways to bend light backward , something that never occurs in nature .
This technology could lead to microscopes able to peer more deeply and clearly into living cells .
And the same kind of structures might one day be adapted to bend light in other unnatural ways , creating a Harry Potter - like invisibility cloak .
 This is definitely a big step toward that idea ,  said Jason Valentine , a graduate student and a lead author of a paper to be published online Wednesday by the journal Nature .
But scientists are still far from designing and manufacturing such a cloak .
The work involves materials that have a property known as negative refraction , which means that they essentially bend light backward .
Once thought to be pure fantasies , these substances , called metamaterials , have been constructed in recent years , and scientists have shown they can bend long - wavelength microwaves .
Negative refractive materials can in principle lead to fantastical illusions ; someone looking down at a fish in a pool of negative refractive liquid would see the fish swimming in the air above .
Small as a mouse , fast as a cheetah and available for free .
NetSurf is a multi-platform web browser for RISC OS , UNIX - like platforms ( including Linux ) , Mac OS X , and more .
Whether you want to check your webmail , read the news or post to discussion forums , NetSurf is your lightweight gateway to the world wide web .
Actively developed , NetSurf is continually evolving and improving .
Written in C , this award winning open source project features its own layout engine .
It is licensed under GPL version 2 .
Why choose NetSurf ?
Speed Efficiency lies at the heart of the NetSurf engine , allowing it to outwit the heavyweights of the web browser world .
The NetSurf team continue to squeeze more speed out of their code .
Interface innovation Simple to use and easy to grasp , NetSurf significantly raised the bar for user interface design on the RISC OS platform .
Designed carefully by RISC OS users and developers to integrate well with the desktop , NetSurf is seen as the benchmark for future applications .
NetSurf pioneered the concept of web page thumbnailing , offering an intuitive graphical tree - like view of visited web sites .
Lean requirements
From a modern monster PC to a humble 30 MHz ARM 6 computer with 16MB of RAM , the web browser will keep you surfing the web whatever your system .
Originally written for computer hardware normally found in PDAs , cable TV boxes , mobile phones and other hand - held gadgets , NetSurf is compact and low maintenance by design .
Portable NetSurf can be built for a number of modern computer platforms ' out of the box ' .
Written in C , with portability in mind , NetSurf is developed by programmers from a wide range of computing backgrounds , ensuring it remains available for as many users as possible .
Standards compliant Despite a myriad of standards to support , NetSurf makes surfing the web enjoyable and stress - free by striving for complete standards compliancy .
As an actively developed project , NetSurf aims to stay abreast of new and upcoming web technologies .
See the project goals and progress page for further information on where NetSurf is headed .
Want to help ?
There are always things that need doing , and not enough time in the day , so we'd be delighted if you want to help develop NetSurf .
Visit the " How can I help ? " page to see ideas for contributing to the project .
If you can program and you 'd like to improve NetSurf , then we 'd love to hear from you .
Pick an area you 'd like to improve or a feature you want to add and contact the developers .
Also , take a look at the developer and contributor area of this site .
Warning that the U.S. is  running out of time  in Afghanistan , the military s top uniformed officer said Wednesday that officials have asked for a  new , more comprehensive strategy  that also encompasses militants  havens in neighboring Pakistan .
Appearing before a House committee , Adm. Michael G. Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said such a strategy was crucial to the ability of U.S. - led forces to counter a comeback by extremist groups in Afghanistan .
 I m not convinced we re winning in Afghanistan ,  said Mullen , although he added ,  I m convinced we can . 
The appearance by Mullen and Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates before the House Armed Services Committee highlighted the problems facing military leaders in Afghanistan .
They need more troops but must await U.S. force reductions in Iraq for extra units .
And they need cooperation from Pakistan s new leaders to target extremist sites there .
Advertisement
Both Mullen and Gates emphasized that the military and the broader U.S. government must view the insurgency in Afghanistan and the threat from Pakistan s tribal regions as a single problem .
 Until we work more closely with the Pakistani government to eliminate the safe havens from which they operate ,  Mullen said ,  the enemy will only keep coming . 
 The war on terror started in this region ; it must end there ,  Gates said .
However , hashing out a strategy with the Pakistani government is not likely to be easy .
The question remains how much latitude the United States will be given to maneuver in the border region .
The U.S. has stepped up Predator strikes and resorted to ground force missions inside Pakistan .
Advertisement
However , the U.S. moves are deeply unpopular there .
In his first public comments on the raids , the Pakistani army chief of staff , Gen. Ashfaq Kayani , lashed out Wednesday , vowing that his country s sovereignty would be defended  at all cost . 
Senior Defense officials noted that Pakistanis who favor a crackdown on terrorism have been pushing a long - term strategy , while American commanders worry more about short - term targets .
That has created tension .
 They want to take long - term measures ; they want to drain the swamp and then take care of the alligators ,  said a senior Defense official , who spoke on condition of anonymity when discussing internal assessments of the situation .
 But Americans are impatient people .
We want immediate results , and historically we are less concerned about the swamp than about the alligators in it . 
Mullen has spoken frequently about the need for more troops in Afghanistan .
President Bush announced this week that he would cut the number of troops in Iraq by 8,000 during the final months of his administration and shift some units to Afghanistan .
Advertisement
Administration critics , including Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , said Bush s Iraq reductions were insufficient and the number of extra troops for Afghanistan too few .
The final recommendation , Mullen said , was a compromise among key military leaders .
In his congressional testimony , Mullen provided few hints of a likely new approach .
However , he said it should involve a renewed effort to build Afghanistan s agriculture system , its economic health and its schools .
 We can not kill our way to victory ,  Mullen said .
Mullen has made five trips to the region this year to develop ties with Pakistan s military leadership .
Senior U.S. officials have said that Mullen , in meetings with Kayani , has stressed the importance of reshaping the Pakistani army into a counterinsurgency force .
Advertisement
Some of that courting of Kayani may be bearing fruit .
Last month , the Pakistani army moved additional forces into the tribal areas .
And Pentagon officials believe that a long - delayed program in which American forces are to train Pakistani soldiers operating in the tribal areas will begin in about a month .
With the new Pakistani civilian government finding its way , some U.S. military leaders are loath to step up lethal U.S. action .
Rep. Ike Skelton ( D - Mo. ) , the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , criticized Gates and Mullen for the decision not to transfer more troops from Iraq to Afghanistan .
 I ask you :
When will the conditions in Iraq be good enough and the conditions in Afghanistan deteriorate enough to warrant the re-prioritization and focus of resources that is required to ensure the long - term success of the Afghanistan mission ? 
Skelton said .
Advertisement
Gates urged caution on Iraq cutbacks .
The U.S. will remain in Iraq  for years to come ,  Gates said , but added that the military s involvement would become increasingly limited .
 I believe we have now entered that endgame , and our decisions today and in the months ahead will be critical to regional stability and our national security interests for years to come ,  Gates said .
Further withdrawals , Gates noted , will be left to the next administration .
But he urged the next president to listen to military commanders who oppose a rigid timeline for withdrawing forces from Iraq .
 I would urge our nation s leaders to implement strategies that , while steadily reducing our presence in Iraq , are cautious and flexible ,  Gates said ,  and take into account the advice of our senior commanders and military leaders . 
Advertisement
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
Times staff writer Greg Miller in Washington and special correspondent Mubashir Zaidi in Islamabad , Pakistan , contributed to this report .
Planetary - Scale Views on a Large Instant - Messaging Network
Jure Leskovec and Eric Horvitz
Access pdf file .
Abstract :
We present a study of anonymized data capturing a month of high - level communication activities within the whole of the Microsoft Messenger instant - messaging system .
We examine characteristics and patterns that emerge from the collective dynamics of large numbers of people , rather than the actions and characteristics of individuals .
The dataset contains summary properties of 30 billion conversations among 240 million people .
From the data , we construct a communication graph with 180 million nodes and 1.3 billion undirected edges , creating the largest social network constructed and analyzed to date .
We report on multiple aspects of the dataset and synthesized graph .
We find that the graph is well - connected and robust to node removal .
We investigate on a planetary - scale the oft - cited report that people are separated by  six degrees of separation  and find that the average path length among Messenger users is 6.6 .
We find that people tend to communicate more with each other when they have similar age , language , and location , and that cross - gender conversations are both more frequent and of longer duration than conversations with the same gender .
Keywords : social graphs , large - scale behavioral data , instant messaging
In : Proceedings of WWW 2008 , Beijing , China , April 2008 .
Related Background
BY ED GEBERTTimes Bulletin News Writeregebert@timesbulletin.com
Is the next big industry coming to this part of Ohio already blowing in the wind ?
Some people are saying that the development of wind energy could provide incredible growth in manufacturing jobs in the state and provide landowners with the chance to catch the wind as a cash crop .
At a meeting last week in Paulding sponsored by the Ohio Farm Bureau ( OFB ) , Dale Arnold , OFB director of energy services , laid out the facts to interested farmers and other residents .
Specifically , Arnold covered the characteristics needed for a good windfarm site , how the wind turbines work , and how property leasing usually occurs with energy companies .
Jennifer Smith , OFB organization director for this area noted , " It 's so hot right now as a renewable energy resource .
And Paulding County is a lower income area , so any way these people can use to make money , and these windmill people are paying to be able to use their property , and they are able to get that income .
" Smith said the meeting was geared toward landowners in the southern half of Paulding County , but that many of the same characteristics needed for a windfarm site are found in Van Wert County as well .
Nancy Bowen , Van Wert County economic development director , agreed , " Our area is perfect for windfarms .
" Windmills were fixtures on Midwest farms for many years .
Some still operate today , although most have either been dismantled or stand in a state of disrepair .
But these are not the same windmills depended upon by previous generations .
Commercial turbines stand 391 feet tall and are able to function normally in up to 56 mph winds .
The turbines also do n't stand alone .
Smith pointed out that most commercial wind farms are looking to put up at least 10 structures at one site for efficiency .
The first utility - size wind farm in Ohio was begun almost five years ago near Bowling Green .
The AMP - Ohio / Green Mountain Energy Wind Farm was dedicated Nov. 7 , 2003 .
Since that time , rising oil and gas prices have continued to push alternative energy sources to the forefront of conversation in this country .
But is wind farming and related businesses really a big business opportunity ?
For most people the jury is still out on that topic .
The Renewable Energy Policy Project predicts that the state could pick up a projected $ 3.9 billion in investment and 11,688 new manufacturing jobs , ranking second behind California in the number of jobs potentially gained from an increased investment in wind power .
Arnold claims that by the year 2025 a quarter of the nation 's energy needs could be provided by agriculture through alternative energies like wind and ethanol .
Still , wind farms draw considerable fire from environmental groups who claim many birds are needlessly killed by the blades of the turbines .
Others worry about possible decreased property values from being located near a wind farm .
But , as Smith pointed out , that worry may be unfounded .
" I do n't know of many people who do n't like to watch the turbines , " she commented .
" At Bowling Green , people come there to see them .
It 's sort of a tourist attraction .
I understand why they might worry , but I have n't met the people who think these are unsightly .
" At many informational meetings Arnold holds on wind farming , he is met with at least one or two people who are vehemently opposed to having turbines erected in their area .
He once had to be escorted into a meeting by law enforcement due to the number and intensity of some of the anti-wind demonstrators .
The meeting at Paulding , however , had no demonstrators or placards .
The attendees were polite with no visible signs of protest .
" I did n't see anyone who was talking under their breath or looked like they were upset by anything , " Smith reported .
" The meeting was attended by a lot of farmers and landowners who were interested in making good use of their land , finding out about another possible way to make money , and to be a part of something " green " which is really popular today .
" According to Arnold , a company needs 10 open acres to put up a turbine , although the actual operational footprint is just two acres .
The site also needs to be in close proximity to current electric transmission infrastructure .
Many areas of southern Paulding County and even northern Van Wert County are possible targets of companies looking to lease property .
Smith admitted that she would n't be surprised to see the tall white turbines popping up on the local landscape sometime in the future .
" Many farmers are looking to find ways to make money from their land , " she said .
" For some it might even be a way to cut back a little on the work - lease some land for a wind farm and make money that way . "
The gloomy UK economic outlook is weighing heavily on sterling
The pound has hit a record low against the euro and a two - year low against the dollar amid fresh fears about the UK sliding into recession .
Gloomy housing and manufacturing data and comments from the Chancellor about the UK 's economic woes are to blame for the pound 's decline , traders said .
Sterling hit 81.21 pence against the euro , before trading at 81.14 pence .
In later trade sterling slipped below $ 1.80 - the lowest since April 2006 - as lower oil prices helped the dollar .
By the end of European trade , one pound was worth $ 1.8011 .
Sterling has fallen sharply over the past month .
In mid-July , one pound bought two dollars .
The catalyst for sterling 's latest fall was downbeat data from the property and manufacturing sectors .
All indicators seem to suggest that the economy will unavoidably slide into recession
Lutz Karpowitz , analyst , Commerzbank Recession fears UK mortgage approvals fell 71 % in July , the the lowest level since records began 15 years ago , according to the Bank of England .
Meanwhile , property consultants Hometrack said house prices fell for an 11th straight month in August .
Elsewhere in the economy , the manufacturing sector shrank for the fourth month in a row in August as demand fell at home and abroad .
" The current weakness of sterling accurately reflects the present situation of the British economy , " said Lutz Karpowitz , an analyst at Commerzbank .
" All indicators seem to suggest that the economy will unavoidably slide into recession . "
Gloomy Chancellor
The data adds to the wave of gloomy news about Britain 's economic health , summed up by the Chancellor at the weekend .
In an interview with the Guardian newspaper on Saturday , Alistair Darling warned that the economic downturn was likely to be deeper and could last longer than first feared .
BBC economic editor Hugh Pym said the global mood had turned against the pound in recent weeks , because of the perceived problems with the UK economy .
The chancellor 's recent comments had served as a reminder of those issues - if anyone needed reminding , our correspondent added .
The former Bank of England policymaker Professor Charles Goodhart warned that the UK 's economic recovery may not begin until 2010 .
Analysts said that sterling 's fall was fuelled by pessimistic prospects at home and a downturn in the eurozone economy that could also hurt UK growth .
" It 's now just a question of which is the straw that breaks sterling 's back , " said Martin McMahon , currency strategist at Credit Suisse .
Another measure of sterling 's performance - the trade - weighted sterling average - also fell to the weakest level since October 1996 .
The trade - weighted sterling average tracks the currency against the UK 's main trading partners .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
THE FINAL GLOBALIZATION OF THE U.S. BANKING SYSTEM
By Joan Veon
July 8 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
We live in a globalized world  a world without barriers or borders , which means every aspect of our economic structure has to change .
A private corporation , we call the Federal Reserve , controls the majority of our monetary system .
To understand the new set of powers being advanced by the U.S. Treasury Department to the Federal Reserve , we first must recognize that the Federal Reserve Act passed in 1913 never gave them ( the Feds ) total power over our economy .
To appreciate the importance of what is currently taking place , we must first realize that as a private corporation , the Federal Reserve is not required to make public who sits on their board of Directors nor who or what banks and corporations hold stock in their private company .
Additionally , they are not required to publish an annual report , and I am told , they pay no taxes .
So why is it that the American people cannot forgive themselves the interest on their debt ?
It is because it is owed to a private corporation !
The entire financial and business cycle of market highs and lows is controlled by how much money the Feds pump into or glean from the banking system .
When they add money to the system , interest rates fall and the market rises and when they take money out of the system , interest rates rise and the stock market falls or corrects .
In doing so , this private corporate structure allows for an elite group of people to literally buy low and sell high , thus transferring the wealth into their pockets while those who continue to hold take the  hit . 
The globalization of our financial system goes hand in hand with the need for a global stock exchange and global accounting system to harmonize the cross - border activities of transnational corporations and banks .
To facilitate this process is the interdependence , or mutual dependence between countries , which came about as the barriers fell .
With a globalized stock exchange , insurance system , and accounting system , we will need a GLOBAL REGULATORY SYSTEM to accommodate the changes from national to international .
This will all fit in with recent calls for a global central bank .
In June 1999 , then Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin said ,  Reforming international financial institutions , strengthening the international financial architecture and maintaining open markets are not simply questions of economics but politics . 
That same year , after a great deal of media and stock market hype and hysteria , Congress passed the  Banking Modernization Act  also known as the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act of 1999 ( GLB Act ) which tore down all the protections that the 1933 Glass - Steagall Act had put in place , including the separating of commercial banking from investment banking , designed to protect the investor .
The GLB Act allows for U.S. banks to become  financial conglomerates  meaning they can expand their services to sell insurance , stocks and bonds , as well as perform investment bank functions initially outlawed in 1933 .
Although the banking structure of other countries already had financial conglomerates , our system did not and had to be harmonized with theirs .
This is why we have non-American names like AXA , Deutsche Bank , ABN , etc .
According to my analysis of the various activities , which are now referred to as the sub - prime crisis , the mortgage crisis , and the world liquidity crisis , our financial system , which reflects the last vestiges of national sovereignty , must be changed .
The recent proposal by the Treasury Department called  Blueprint for a Modernized Financial Regulatory Structure  is being touted as the antidote for our sick economy .
When the Blueprint was published at the end of March the stock market recovered for a week or two , but now there is a new and constant stream of market hype with some hysteria to ensure that all of its proposals are implemented as soon as possible .
On July 10 , history will take place when the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury , Hank Paulson ( who s roots are in Wall Street ) and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke sit on the SAME panel to testify before Congress .
At that time they will provide enough data to secure the Blueprint s immediate passage .
Until Congress assures these financial tyrants of its passage , the stock market will continue to drop as a warning to their all encompassing power ; then miraculously the stock market will have one of its largest rallies to commemorate victory .
As an international reporter , this is a pattern I have observed time and time again since 1994 .
The Blueprint states  Foreign economies are maturing into market - based economies , contributing to global economic growth and stability and providing deep and liquid sources of capital outside the United States .
The increasing interconnectedness of the global capital markets poses new challenges : an event in one jurisdiction may ripple through to other jurisdictions .
The convergence of financial services providers [ the Banking Modernization Act ] and financial products has increased over the past decade .
Financial intermediaries and trading platforms are converging .
Financial products may have insurance , banking , securities , and futures components  ( emphasis added ) .
The Blueprint constitutes the final take - over by the Federal Reserve of our nation s economy .
Advertisement
The Blueprint recommends changing the banking charter to include all financial institutions , thus effectively transferring , control over  national banks , federal savings associations , and federal [ and state ] credit union charters , and be available to all corporate forms , including stock , mutual and ownership structures . 
While the Fed was originally given power over the banking system , they were not given power over savings and loans , state chartered banks , or credit unions .
To give you a sense of the immense transfer of wealth that is taking place , understand that the U.S. insurers hold $ 6T in assets , the U.S. banking sector holds $ 12.6T , and the U.S. securities sector holds $ 12.4T , for a total of $ 31T in assets .
Are you seeing what they see ?
Dollar signs and control  control of our financial future , control of where we can live , and control of how we will live .
In Medieval times this was called feudalism .
Moreover , the Feds are to be given authority over the U.S. Payment and Settlement System thereby controlling the settlement process for securities , which is the three - day waiting period for the processing of payment , proper paper documentation and titling of the shares .
It is further stated that the Fed be given the role of Market Stability Regulator .
This is highly unprecedented .
By doing so , the Fed will have total control over what happens in the market ; not just the amount of liquidity they funnel in and channel out .
The Blueprint states the Fed should be given responsibility to : gather appropriate information , disclose information , collaborate with other regulators [ international ] on rule writing and take corrective actions when necessary in the  interest of overall financial market stability  .
 This new role would replace its traditional role as a supervisor of certain banks and all bank holding companies .
The Fed s responsibilities would be broad , important and difficult to undertake . 
As our country is being federalized the rights of the individual states are also in the process of being eroded and reduced .
In order to allow for America s independence from a king who had total control , our Forefathers set up our country s structure to allow the power of government to reside at the state level .
It was the state that would provide services for its citizenry .
Over the years , there has been a major transfer of powers from the state to the federal level .
The Blueprint also provides for the entire mortgage system of the U.S. to be federalized .
This is as a result of the sub - prime crisis which appears to be an event that just happens to fit into the changes our national system needs in order to be globalized .
The establishment of a new federal commission , The Mortgage Origination Commission , and its director would chair representatives from the Federal Reserve , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , the Office of Thrift Supervision , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , the National Credit Union Administration and the Conference of States Bank Supervisors .
Among some of the changes in responsibility , the Blueprint states that the Feds  enforcement authority for federal laws should be clarified and enhanced . 
To understand how much their control is expanding , total mortgages outstanding , according to the 2006 U.S. Census , grew from $ 8,364B in 2002 to $ 13,306B in 2006 , an increase of 59 % !
Additionally , the Fed will be given a say in the insurance industry .
For the past 135 years , the States have regulated all types of insurance with little involvement from the federal level of government .
The Blueprint provides for the establishment of an Office of National Insurance within the Treasury to regulate those engaged in the business of insurance and for Congress to establish an Office of Insurance Oversight to address international regulatory issues .
Essentially , in a globalized world what is then needed is a world central bank .
Could the Fed be a world central bank or will all of the individual central banks merge to become the  global central bank  ?
If that is the case then the Bank for International Settlements is a world ( global ) central bank and the Fed is a global - regional bank .
Lastly , if we are going to live in a globalized world with a global stock exchange , a global central bank , a global tax , a global currency , and a global regulatory system , then we need a Global Commodities Regulator .
As recent as last week , it was reported in The Wall Street Journal that in order for the investment banks to be bailed out , the only place they can go is to buy commercial banks that have strong balance sheets , deposits , and the assets they will need to improve their financial situation .
This will bring our entire financial system to a pre-1929 state in a globalized world .
Glass and Steagall will spin in their graves !
Once the last vestiges of American financial sovereignty are transferred to this private corporation , Congress becomes obsolete and useless .
Up until this time , they were needed to help approve the various incremental transfers of financial sovereignty .
Now , they will not be needed and if they think they have any power , they will find that they gave it all away .
How pathetic of them , they should all be hanged for treason .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
The other day I was walking through a store that specializes in ethnic goods from around the world , and I picked up a magnificent serving tray from Zimbabwe .
It was about two feet across , a spiral of tightly woven white material marked with bright spots of blue and orange .
 What s this made of ?  I asked the clerk , expecting him to name some exotic reeds , or maybe branches from a tree found only on the African savanna .
 Plastic bags  was his answer , and even looking close , you could nt tell .
But once I knew , I could imagine the artist gathering up all those plastic bags that now dot the roadsides of Africa and devising a way to make something useful , and beautiful , out of someone else s trash .
In Western culture , we think recycling is all about putting your newspapers and bottles in the right bins , and maybe using recycled paper in the printer or Xerox machine .
But in other countries , ones that are not so awash in material goods , anything and everything has a second , third and maybe a fourth life .
In Bali , Indonesia , for example , a coke bottle is not just returned for deposit .
Instead , all soda bottles are washed by hand at home and then refilled with all kinds of drinks from water to tea .
These bottles also come in handy to transport gasoline to a stalled moped .
In most other countries , used car tires do nt just stack up .
They are cut into pieces and crafted into flip flops , becoming sandals with  all weather  tread .
In East Africa , people also make good use out of discarded tins .
I ve seen bright yellow Penzoil cans cut and reformed into votive lamps and palm oil cans flattened and used for roofing material .
Kids also take meat tins and beer cans and fashion them into various toys such as cars and boats .
Along the roadside and in tourist camps , these kids scrounging for materials and with a little time and workmanship morph them into something just as good  and often more interesting  than a toy from a box .
But my favorite type of recycled good is the object of beauty .
I own a pair of Maasai earrings that I bought from a woman in Tanzania .
They are flaps of leather eight inches long and two inches wide .
The leather is covered with an intricate design of red , blue , and orange glass beads and set with several white shirt buttons .
Hanging off the sides are arrowheads made of hammered metal from a can that probably held tuna , or peaches , or spam .
And only after hours of staring at these objects of incredible craftsmanship one day did I suddenly realize that the outline of each earring is made by one half of a zipper , presumably torn from a old pair of trousers left by the road by someone who apparently had no idea of their artistic value .
Although they are as beautiful as a pair of the finest Tiffany earrings , I only have the usual Western pin-sized pierced earring holes and my lobes simply can't accommodate two - inch wide flaps of leather .
And so this pair of earrings made of recycled goods hangs on my wall as a piece of fine art .
Video : Who Pay 's Most for Earth 's Ills ?
Quiz : What 's Your Environmental Footprint ?
Find a Recycling Center Near You
Meredith F. Small is an anthropologist at Cornell University .
She is also the author of " Our Babies , Ourselves ; How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent " ( link ) and " The Culture of Our Discontent ; Beyond the Medical Model of Mental Illness " ( link ) .
For days , it has been obvious what the GOP dream scenario was - have the bailout pass , but with predominantly Democratic support , dub it the the Bush / Pelosi / Reid / Obama bailout , and then run against it .
This is the plan that Gingrich and Ruffini and the other next generation Republicans have been salivating over .
This was their big chance .
Oops :
The Republican National Committee s new advertisement critical of the the Wall Street  bailout  was produced and sent to television stations in key states before the package failed , officials at two stations said .
 Wall Street Squanders our money .
And Washington is forced to bail them out with  you guessed it  our money .
Can it get any worse ?  asks the ad s narrator , as the words  BAILOUT WITH OUR MONEY  cross the screen .
( The answer : Obama s plans would make it worse . )
The ad , however , seems to assume that it can safely attack a successful plan .
And the reason may be the timing :
Though it started airing this morning , the spot was released to stations yesterday morning , ad executives at stations in Michigan and Pennsylvania said .
Kae Buck of WLNS in Lansing said her station received the at at 7:55 a.m. Monday .
Luanne Russell of Pittsburgh s WTAE said her station received it at 10:49 Monday morning .
Got it ?
While the Republican Leadership was shaking hands and allegedly rallying their troops to vote for the plan , they were already cutting ads to bash the Democrats .
This is why only Republicans in safe seats and leadership positions voted for it .
Yesterday , they went out and blamed Pelosi for injecting partisanship into the process , causing the bill to fail , when actually they wanted it to pass so they could  use it against the Democrats .
And they were not even hiding it - this was what many online ( again , go read the Next Right morons ) had openly said they should do , and the commercials were ready to bash the Democrats for passing the plan .
Except the plan failed .
And the Republicans are caught red-handed , and will pay the price should things melt down .
Not that half the GOP base or the Republican Study Group care - half of them probably think an economic disaster is an alternate route to the Rapture .
Not to mention , think of the side benefits - I mean , after all , if everyone is broke , no one can afford contraception or Demon Rum .
The only thing you can count on in politics these days is the sure - fire bet that when the chips are down , the Republicans always , always always put themselves first .
These guys need a solid two decades in the minority .
All I wanted to do was buy gas , so I put my credit card in the automatic card - reader and got ready to fill the tank .
" Card not valid , " said the error message on the readout , rejecting my Visa .
It was n't until this happened a half - dozen times that I concluded something was seriously amiss .
This was June , in Scandinavia , and the problem I encountered is a transaction - security snafu that is going to afflict more and more Americans traveling overseas .
Much of the world - but not the United States - is switching to a new type of credit card .
" Chip - and - PIN " cards , as they are called , have an embedded ID chip that requires users to enter a unique code before the transaction is approved .
The procedure is similar to that for ATM cards , except that the latter draws money from a cash account , while chip - and - PIN cards charge credit systems such as Visa , MasterCard , or American Express .
Europe is quickly making the shift .
Nearly all the credit - card terminals in Britain , Ireland , Denmark , France , and Spain have been changed .
Canada is scheduled to convert in 2010 .
And as many as 50 other countries around the world are converting .
The reason is obvious : A credit card requiring a PIN code is useless to a thief .
European officials report that the system has significantly cut the credit - card fraud that grew after former Soviet bloc countries joined the European Union .
But US consumers can not get these cards .
No US card issuer offers them , and according to the American Bankers Association , there are no plans to adopt the technology .
" It would be costly to change all the transaction terminals in the US , " says Don Rhodes , director of risk management policy at the ABA , " and right now the industry does n't seem to feel the level of fraud justifies it . "
In theory , overseas merchants are required to accept US cards ( which are called " mag- stripe , " for the magnetic stripe that identifies each card ) if the cardholder can offer a suitable picture ID to authenticate a signature .
" We have been quite clear that there are instances where a signature rather than a PIN should be accepted , " says Sandra Quinn , a spokeswoman for the British payment processing council APACS , about a procedure called a PIN bypass .
" But I have heard of problems . "
Problems , indeed .
Even Rhodes ran into trouble on a trip to London last winter .
And over my three weeks in Scandinavia , my Visa card was rejected about half the time , and never accepted at automatic pay points where there was no live cashier .
( Officials at Visa International , the world 's largest payment network , declined to comment . )
So what can US travelers do when they are in chip - and - PIN countries ?
Cash usually works .
But carrying large amounts comes with the risk of theft or loss and forces travelers to bear costly foreign exchange fees .
Also many businesses such as car rental agencies will not accept cash and require a credit card imprint before handing over the keys to a car , though such companies are the most likely to still accept mag - stripe cards .
Depending on the country , travelers checks are accepted in many places .
Scandinavian merchants usually will not take them , and travel specialists have advised against them , as they are theft magnets .
To use them you must find a bank that will cash them .
And traveler 's checks , like cash , do not offer the advantages of credit cards that appeal to frequent travelers : postponing payment for a month , an avenue to dispute charges , monthly and yearly expense tracking , and frequent flier miles .
Debit cards like the ones you use at ATMs ( which are ubiquitous worldwide ) usually can be substituted for credit cards .
But relying on them means you must ensure there is plenty of cash in your account .
If you are planning a trip soon and want to use your credit cards , make sure you have several good picture IDs to back up your signature , a passport or a driver 's license , for instance .
IDs that have a scannable bar code , such as a passport , are best .
And despite what the payment - processing groups and card issuers say , many merchants will want payment with a code card , period .
" No code , no ticket , " I was told in Copenhagen at Danish National Railways .
" No exceptions . "
Eric Lucas can be reached at ericplucas@yahoo.com .
 Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Drug that uses the body 's cells to blast cancer
Cancer patients have seen their tumours blasted into submission by a new drug which harnesses the power of their own immune cells .
The ' serial killer ' treatment completely eliminated some tumours and shrunk others resistant to existing therapies .
Further successful trials could lead to blinatumomab being on the market in less than five years .
The drug , blinatumomab , which was developed to treat non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , glues cancer - killing white blood cells called cytotoxic T cells to the tumour
The tests were carried out on patients with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , but it is hoped the methods can be adapted to tackle other cancers .
The results have been described as an ' exciting ' development in the use of immunotherapy , the process of using the body 's own immune system to fight disease .
The drug treats non-Hodgkin's lymphoma - a cancer of the immune system - by glueing cancer - killing white blood cells called cytotoxic T cells to the tumour .
Once there , they release a poison that destroys the cancer .
Sufferers of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma include Michael Aspel , who was diagnosed with a slow - growing form of the disease in 2003
Researcher Dr Patrick Baeuerle said : ' These cells circulate in our body stuffed with ammunition - little vesicles filled with toxins .
' It is just a matter of attaching them to the tumour cells and making them fire .
' The drug tickles the T cell in a very special way so that it fires and wo n't stop firing until the tumour cells have gone .
It turns them into serial killers . '
Professor Peter Johnson , Cancer Research UK 's chief clinician , said : ' These exciting preliminary results come from using them to harness the body 's own immune response in a new way .
' Although the side effects need to be monitored carefully , we hope that this type of treatment will prove to be active in larger trials in the future . '
Dr Baeuerle gave the drug to 38 people who had stopped responding to conventional treatments for non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a disease that affects 10,000 Britons a year and kills almost 4,500 .
In four cases , the tumours were eliminated , with one patient still cancer - free more than a year later .
In another seven cases , the tumours shrunk considerably , the journal Science reports .
Dr Baeuerle , of Micromet , the German biotech company developing the drug , said : ' All the patients we treated had run out of therapy options , they were considered incurable .
' This study could potentially offer something new to patients and give them a longer time to live or other improvement . '
The drug is now being tested on patients with an aggressive form of blood cancer and similar compounds are being developed to tackle other cancers .
Sufferers of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma - include Michael Aspel , who was diagnosed with a slow - growing form of the disease in 2003 .
For reasons that are not understood , the number of cases has been slowly but steadily rising for the last 50 years .
If the trend continues , it could be as common as breast or lung cancer by 2025 .
Dr Cassian Yee , of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center , Seattle , who has had significant results using an alternative method of treating patients with white blood cells grown in the lab , said : ' This a significant study .
' It remains to be seen if most of the responses are long lasting .
Certainly the results are very promising .'
ST . PAUL , Minnesota ( Reuters ) - Lawyers for U.S. Sen . Larry Craig of Idaho asked a Minnesota Court on Wednesday to void the guilty plea he made following his arrest last year in a men s toilet sex - sting operation .
U.S. Senator Larry Craig ( R - Idaho ) , ( R ) , before the start of the presentation ceremony of the 2007 National Medal of Arts and the National Humanities Medals from U.S. President George W. Bush in the East Room of the White House in Washington , November 15 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
The three - term Republican , who is retiring when his term ends in January , did not give up his legal rights by pleading guilty to disorderly conduct , a misdemeanor processed by mail much the same way as a traffic ticket is , said William Martin , Craig s lawyer .
The complaint against Craig , he told the Minnesota Court of Appeals , was not sufficient to prove his guilt .
But prosecutor Christopher Renz argued in response that the complaint plus Craig s guilty plea was sufficient to end the matter , and that he would have pleaded guilty had he appeared in person for a hearing .
He urged the court not to let Craig take back his plea .
Craig was arrested at Minneapolis - St. Paul International Airport on June 11 , 2007 , after an undercover police officer said the lawmaker kept looking through a crack in the door , sat down in a stall next to him and used hand and foot signals to indicate he was soliciting sex .
Craig said his actions were misread , that he was not gay , and that he panicked and pleaded guilty to the charge .
He at first said he would resign but then decided to serve the balance of his term .
He is likely to be replaced by another Republican in the November election .
During Wednesday s oral arguments , which lasted less than an hour , Martin said Craig was only looking into the stall to see if it was occupied .
 But the police officer could see that his eyes were blue ,  responded Judge Natalie Hudson .
 He was peering in the crack . 
 Your honor ,  replied Martin ,  you re guessing .
You should nt have to guess on appeal . 
Hudson and two other judges on the panel who heard the arguments took the case under advisement and will issue a ruling in several weeks .
Craig did not attend the hearing .
Day of Reckoning ?
Super Rich Tax Cheats Outed by Bank Clerk
Technician in Liechtenstein Turns Over Names of Americans With Secret Bank Accounts
Hundreds of super - rich American tax cheats have , in effect , turned themselves in to the IRS after a bank computer technician in the tiny European country of Liechtenstein came forward with the names of US citizens who had set up secret accounts there , according to Washington lawyers investigating the scheme .
The bank clerk , Heinrich Kieber , has been branded a thief by the government of Liechtenstein for violating the country 's bank secrecy laws .
He is now in hiding but scheduled to testify to the Senate 's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations Thursday via a video statement from a secret location , according to Congressional investigators .
Aides for committee chairman Carl Levin ( D - MI ) are scheduled to provide reporters with a background briefing later this morning in Washington on the committee 's investigation of tax haven banks in Liechtenstein and Switzerland .
Aides say the hearing will also focus on the role of the giant Swiss bank UBS and its alleged efforts to help wealthy Americans hide their money from the IRS through shell companies in Liechtenstein .
Liechtenstein's veil of secrecy was pierced five years ago when the disgruntled technician , Kieber , downloaded the names of foreign citizens connected to the secret accounts .
Kieber reportedly sold three CD 's full of names and data to tax authorities to 12 countries including Germany , Great Britain , France , Italy and the United States .
Tax authorities in Italy published the full list of names .
In Germany , the disclosures led to the arrests of several prominent CEO 's on charges that had evaded millions of dollars in taxes .
A former UBS private banker , Bradley Birkenfeld , has agreed to a plea deal and is reported to be cooperating with US authorities in bring charges against American citizens on tax evasion charges .
The Liechtenstein bank , LGT , is owned by the tiny country 's ruling family led by Prince Hans - Adam II .
Kieber 's Washington lawyer , Jack Blum , says Kieber should be considered a whistleblower and a hero , not a thief , for revealing how the super rich hid billions of dollars using the Liechtenstein bank .
The names of the US citizens are now in the hands of the IRS and Senate investigators .
Washington lawyers say a number of prominent citizens have been subpoenaed to testify but have already indicated they will refuse to testify , asserting their Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination .
It is not yet clear whether Senator Levin will insist they appear in front of the committee anyway .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
" This time , at least , somebody was watching the watchers . "
And doing exactly nothing .
Sad , really .
Let 's send another trillion or two to Iraqistan .
Hey , bubba .
I 'm not promoting the use of cannabis , or anything else , on this site , or anywhere else .
I was pointing out that just ' cos something is legal does n't mean its good for you , and viccy verky .
I personally do n't give a toss what you or anyone else inserts into their body , AS LONG AS IT DOESN'T RUIN MY DAY .
As far as cannabis use goes , I do n't think I 've ever been hassled or threatened by a stoned ( on grass ) person .
I 've had my day ruined numerous times by drunk people .
And as far as people who think eating pork or any other meat on a daily basis go , I reccomend reading < 101 reasons to go vegetarian > ( see link ) .
Then you might understand why I think the problem lies in the eating of meat rather than the smoking of cannabis .
And Waugs .
Compared to the overeating of dead animals , smoking a bit of weed now and again is definately NOT bad for you , any more than OCCASIONALY eating meat .
But as I think that we would agree that EXCESSIVE consumption of any substance is gonna be bad for you , the western diet of animal products 3 times a day probably is n't something that should be promoted .
The statistics on obesity and related health problems speak for themselves .
Again , I am NOT promoting any type of behaviour , I do n't eat meat or drink ethanol , but I do smoke a spliff sometimes .
And while I 'm chillin ' to the sounds of the forest around my home , I 'll sit back and celebrate the diversity that is the human race .
Sorry to anyone who sees thatas a " tacky little failing .
 briandamage , Sep 29 2002
On May 1 , 1947 , Evelyn McHale leapt to her death from the observation deck of the Empire State Building .
Photographer Robert Wiles took a photo of McHale a few minutes after her death .
The photo ran a couple of weeks later in Life magazine accompanied by the following caption :
On May Day , just after leaving her fianc , 23 - year - old Evelyn McHale wrote a note .
 He is much better off without me  I would nt make a good wife for anybody ,   Then she crossed it out .
She went to the observation platform of the Empire State Building .
Through the mist she gazed at the street , 86 floors below .
Then she jumped .
In her desperate determination she leaped clear of the setbacks and hit a United Nations limousine parked at the curb .
Across the street photography student Robert Wiles heard an explosive crash .
Just four minutes after Evelyn McHale s death Wiles got this picture of death s violence and its composure .
From McHale s NY
Times obituary , Empire State Ends Life of Girl , 20 :
At 10:40 A. M. , Patrolman John Morrissey of Traffic C , directing traffic at Thirty - fourth Street and Fifth Avenue , noticed a swirling white scarf floating down from the upper floors of the Empire State .
A moment later he heard a crash that sounded like an explosion .
He saw a crowd converge in Thirty - third Street .
Two hundred feet west of Fifth Avenue , Miss McHale s body landed atop the car .
The impact stove in the metal roof and shattered the car s windows .
The driver was in a near - by drug store , thereby escaping death or serious injury .
On the observation deck , Detective Frank Murray of the West Thirtieth Street station , found Miss McHale s gray cloth coat , her pocketbook with several dollars and the note , and a make - up kit filled with family pictures .
The serenity of McHale s body amidst the crumpled wreckage it caused is astounding .
Years later , Andy Warhol appropriated Wiles  photography for a print called Suicide ( Fallen Body ) , but I ca nt find a copy of it anywhere online .
Anyone ?
Update : A not - so - great representation of Warhol s version of this photograph is available at Google Books .
( thx , ruben )
Update : Here s a better photo of Warhol s print .
( thx , lots of people )
Update :
Here s the page as it appeared in Life Magazine .
Update : Codex 99 did some research on McHale and her activities on the day she died .
Researchers have developed a new immunization strategy that requires up to 50 % fewer immunization doses compared with the current most efficient strategy .
The new strategy could be used to prevent the spread of human epidemics and computer viruses , and it applies to a wide variety of networks .
The new method , called the  equal graph partitioning  ( EGP ) immunization strategy , is being proposed by a team of scientists from Boston University , Bar - Ilan University in Ramat - Gan , Israel , and Stockholm University .
Their study is published in a recent issue of Physical Review Letters .
In real life , the number of immunization doses is often limited or very expensive , so a strategy that requires the fewest doses could be very useful .
As the researchers explain , the question of how to immunize a network with a minimum number of doses is mathematically equivalent to asking how to fragment a network with a minimum number of node removals .
In this sense , the new EGP strategy works differently than the conventional  targeted strategy . 
The main idea of the targeted strategy is to rank the importance of nodes based on how well - connected they are .
Then , nodes are removed , starting with those of highest importance , until the network becomes fragmented .
In the adaptive targeted strategy , node importance is recalculated after each iteration .
The main idea of the EGP method , on the other hand , is to fragment the network into many connected clusters of equal size .
By creating equal - size clusters , doses do nt have to be  wasted  on isolating very small clusters , as in the targeted strategy .
 Disease cannot spread over the boundary of clusters , which means it will be contained in a single cluster ,  co-author Yiping Chen of Boston University told PhysOrg.com .
 Thus , the best strategy would be making result clusters as small as possible .
Among all the clusters , the largest cluster is most important , as most disease occurs here and the spread can be broad .
Thus , we need to minimize the size of the largest cluster .
Because the total immunization doses are fixed , we have to save shots from small clusters to make the largest one smaller .
Intuitively , the best strategy for this is to fragment the network into equal - size clusters . 
The scientists used an algorithm called nested dissection to find the minimum number of nodes to be removed in order to separate a given network into two or more equal - size clusters .
The algorithm could also make clusters of an arbitrary size ratio , and then divide the larger cluster again to make equal - size clusters .
For example , the algorithm could divide the network into two clusters with size ratio 2:1 , and then divide the larger cluster in half .
When comparing the EGP strategy with different strategies , the scientists found that the new strategy exhibited advantages for immunizing all four network models tested .
For instance , in the  workplace network ,  which links workplaces when an employee lives in the same household with an employee from a different workplace , the EGP strategy required 15 % fewer doses than the second best strategy ( the adaptive targeted strategy ) .
This kind of network is often used to model the spreading of influenza , as well as the spreading of information and rumors in society .
In the  autonomous system  network , which describes the Internet network and computer virus spreading , the EGP method required 50 % fewer doses than the second best strategies ( both the targeted and adaptive targeted strategies performed equally well ) .
The EGP method had similar advantages in fragmenting a network of high energy particle physics citations ( 23 % fewer doses ) and a metabolic network describing the interactions between the metabolites of E. coli ( 20 % fewer doses ) .
For all networks studied , the EGP strategy minimized the infected fraction of the network population by five to ten times compared with the targeted strategy , when using the same number of immunization doses .
With these advantages , the scientists hope that the new immunization strategy will benefit populations by taking a more global approach to the prevention of spreading .
 EGP puts every node in consideration with its neighbors , while the targeted strategy only accounts for the individual properties of the nodes ,  Chen said of the EGP s global nature .
 For an example , if you already have a network with a loosely connected large cluster and a highly connected small cluster with high degree hubs , EGP will use the rest immunization strength to make the large cluster smaller , while the targeted strategy will get rid of the hubs to make the small cluster even smaller . 
Before implementing the new strategy , the researchers plan to further evaluate its performance in various settings .
 The EGP strategy is a fairly new idea , and currently it is not used in real - world situations yet ,  co-author Fredrik Liljeros of Stockholm University said .
 Our next step will be to evaluate the strategy in settings where a high proportion of information abort the contact patterns between individuals are known .
One possible such setting could , for example , be hospitals where information about the movement of inpatients between wards is registered and stored . 
More information : Chen , Yiping ; Paul , Gerald ; Havlin , Shlomo ; Liljeros , Fredrik ; and Stanley , H. Eugene .
 Finding a Better Immunization Strategy .  Physical Review Letters 101 , 058701 ( 2008 ) .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Marine alga from the Kiel Fjord discovered as a remedy against infections and skin cancer
This is a comprehensive list of recommendations for men who are facing marital separation and divorce where children are involved .
These recommendations are not legal advice , but are common - sense suggestions worth understanding .
Although the statutes stress that decisions taken in family law litigation should be , first and foremost , in " the best interests of the children "  , the fact is that almost all rulings are made in favor of the mother , as " primary caregiver "  -- ostensibly " on behalf of "  the children .
As a father , you , supposedly , have rights under the law , but , quite realistically , have few rights at all .
85 % of custody decisions go to the mother ( mothers have custody in 98 % of all cases ) ; mothers rarely pay child or spousal support - fathers are routinely forced into personal bankruptcy or go underground because they cannot pay onerous support orders ; mother 's routinely withhold children from court - ordered " access "  with their fathers as court orders for access are virtually unenforceable ; family equity is split right down the middle , even though a mother may have only provided barely adequate child care and indifferent housekeeping as her contribution .
So you must take steps to pre-empt and mitigate , where possible , a situation wherein you are at the mercy of cut - throat lawyers , biased judges and a very flawed system .
Although the tone of this article may seem pessimistic , I propose that it is , in fact , realistic .
The plight of fathers in family law disputes is grave .
However , I am optimistic because of the tremendous devotion that so many fathers display for their offspring in facing overwhelming emotional and financial challenges in the simple desire to play a meaningful and critical role in their children 's lives .
And I sense a rising tide of awareness and anger in the general public , at large , at the inequalities and abuses of their rights that fathers have been suffering for far too long .
It 's time that innovative solutions like mandatory shared parenting be written into the statutes to give fathers a chance at participating in a reasonable fashion in their children 's lives .
Once again , it must be stressed that the following is not legal advice .
Ask your lawyer / attorney for a definitive opinion on any and all of the recommendations presented here .
This document is prepared specifically relative to Ontario , Canada family law , but most principles should work relative to other North American jurisdictions .
The recommendations begin with the supposition that you are still in the matrimonial home , that your marriage is beyond saving and that mediation is not an option .
If you have already separated , pick up the suggestions at the appropriate point .
Do not move out of the family home .
If no custody order is in place , and you move out , you are granting your spouse de facto custody of your children ; you immediately expose yourself to petitions for child and spousal support ; you abandon all joint possessions - and even your personal possessions - to your spouse ( and you do n't have to be a lawyer to know that possession is 9/10 ths of the law ) ; and you give your spouse leave to petition for exclusive possession of the house in perpetuity in " the best interests of the children "  - thus tying up the house as an asset .
If no custody order is in place , and you move out , you are granting your spouse de facto custody of your children ; you immediately expose yourself to petitions for child and spousal support ; you abandon all joint possessions - and even your personal possessions - to your spouse ( and you do n't have to be a lawyer to know that possession is 9/10 ths of the law ) ; and you give your spouse leave to petition for exclusive possession of the house in perpetuity in " the best interests of the children "  - thus tying up the house as an asset .
Throughout the period of final co-habitation with your spouse , do not engage in any verbal battles .. PERIOD .
If the situation is volatile , do not engage in any discussions about legal or settlement issues .
Do not engage in any kind of verbal or physical confrontation with her .
If you do , you put yourself at the risk of her getting an order to have you thrown out of the house and possibly restrained from going anywhere near her , the property and , possibly the children .
If she becomes confrontational , walk away and avoid close contact .
Make the only dialogue between the two of you be about the care and well - being of the children and the day - to - day running of the home .
If you simply must communicate directly to your spouse regarding matrimonial issues , do so in a written note .
You can organize your thoughts better that way and avoid a verbal joust .
Do not use inflammatory language - stick to the facts .
Date the note and write " Without Prejudice "  at the top ( this protects you from later use of your note against you ) .
And keep a copy of it for your files .
If the situation is volatile , do not engage in any discussions about legal or settlement issues .
Do not engage in any kind of verbal or physical confrontation with her .
If you do , you put yourself at the risk of her getting an order to have you thrown out of the house and possibly restrained from going anywhere near her , the property and , possibly the children .
If she becomes confrontational , walk away and avoid close contact .
Make the only dialogue between the two of you be about the care and well - being of the children and the day - to - day running of the home .
If you simply must communicate directly to your spouse regarding matrimonial issues , do so in a written note .
You can organize your thoughts better that way and avoid a verbal joust .
Do not use inflammatory language - stick to the facts .
Date the note and write " Without Prejudice "  at the top ( this protects you from later use of your note against you ) .
And keep a copy of it for your files .
Throughout the period of final co-habitation with your spouse , eliminate , or at the very least , reduce , your consumption of alcohol .
If you have a drug / alcohol problem , GET HELP IMMEDIATELY , otherwise you may be dead in the water .
Alcohol - and most drugs -- reduce your inhibitions and may make you more aggressive and thus in danger of confrontation with your spouse .
And later , when you come down from your high , you will suffer from depression that will impair your ability to function and may make you susceptible to suicide .
In almost all cases of murder / suicide in marital disputes , alcohol is a contributing factor .
If you have a drug / alcohol problem , GET HELP IMMEDIATELY , otherwise you may be dead in the water .
Alcohol - and most drugs -- reduce your inhibitions and may make you more aggressive and thus in danger of confrontation with your spouse .
And later , when you come down from your high , you will suffer from depression that will impair your ability to function and may make you susceptible to suicide .
In almost all cases of murder / suicide in marital disputes , alcohol is a contributing factor .
If there are firearms in your home , GET RID OF THEM .
Take absolutely no chances that someone may lose it and grab a gun .
Take absolutely no chances that someone may lose it and grab a gun .
Get emotional counseling if you need it .
There is no stigma attached to getting help for the stress and the anxiety depression that almost everyone experiences during the ordeal of a high - conflict divorce .
Have your family doctor recommend a psychiatrist -- covered under provincial health plans in Canada ( psychologists and social workers are not usually covered ) -- or check your employment health benefits to see if referral to a counselor is available to employees .
If you are a member of an organized religion , your clergyman / priest / rabbi or affiliated lay counselors may provide assistance .
There is no stigma attached to getting help for the stress and the anxiety depression that almost everyone experiences during the ordeal of a high - conflict divorce .
Have your family doctor recommend a psychiatrist -- covered under provincial health plans in Canada ( psychologists and social workers are not usually covered ) -- or check your employment health benefits to see if referral to a counselor is available to employees .
If you are a member of an organized religion , your clergyman / priest / rabbi or affiliated lay counselors may provide assistance .
Transfer all money from joint spousal accounts to your own sole accounts .
If you do n't , chances are that she will clean out the accounts before you do .
If you do n't , chances are that she will clean out the accounts before you do .
Have your spouse 's name removed from all joint credit cards for which you are responsible , get her spousal cards from her and destroy them .
for which you are responsible , get her spousal cards from her and destroy them .
Engage legal counsel sooner rather than later .
Be prepared for the fact that you will have to provide a legal retainer of ( typically ) a minimum of $ 1,000 for a lawyer to begin working on your case .
Make sure your lawyer is an experienced family law specialist - not someone who does part - time family , part - time real estate , etc. law , Ask him ( or her ) if he / she is aware of the bias of the family court system against fathers and if he ( we 'll assume it 's a man from here on ) is willing to fight for your rights as a parent and not be intimidated by biased court officials .
For your first meeting with him be prepared with a written outline of the issues of your case .
Do not make this a novel about the emotions of your marital breakdown - stick to the hard , cold facts .
Go to all meetings with your lawyer with a written agenda , and with all issues , questions , etc. spelled out in detail .
Write down all responses and action items .
Be prepared to do any legwork for him that you can ( document searches , brief preparations , etc. ) .
Use his time wisely .
The meter is ticking all the while you are sitting in meetings with him or consulting on the phone .
And remember two things : he works for you so be demanding ; and he will not ( nor should n't ) make decisions for you - you must make them yourself with his guidance .
Be prepared for the fact that you will have to provide a legal retainer of ( typically ) a minimum of $ 1,000 for a lawyer to begin working on your case .
Make sure your lawyer is an experienced family law specialist - not someone who does part - time family , part - time real estate , etc. law , Ask him ( or her ) if he / she is aware of the bias of the family court system against fathers and if he ( we 'll assume it 's a man from here on ) is willing to fight for your rights as a parent and not be intimidated by biased court officials .
For your first meeting with him be prepared with a written outline of the issues of your case .
Do not make this a novel about the emotions of your marital breakdown - stick to the hard , cold facts .
Go to all meetings with your lawyer with a written agenda , and with all issues , questions , etc. spelled out in detail .
Write down all responses and action items .
Be prepared to do any legwork for him that you can ( document searches , brief preparations , etc. ) .
Use his time wisely .
The meter is ticking all the while you are sitting in meetings with him or consulting on the phone .
And remember two things : he works for you so be demanding ; and he will not ( nor should n't ) make decisions for you - you must make them yourself with his guidance .
Start and maintain in chronological order a comprehensive and well - organized file of ALL documents , memos , letters , briefings , affidavits pertinent to your case .
Your file is critical for referring to past actions , issues , details .
Take all relevant files with you for meetings with your lawyer ; and take the originals plus a second set of all relevant files with you to court appearances - as back up in case your lawyer does not have the appropriate ones with him .
a comprehensive and well - organized file of ALL documents , memos , letters , briefings , affidavits pertinent to your case .
Your file is critical for referring to past actions , issues , details .
Take all relevant files with you for meetings with your lawyer ; and take the originals plus a second set of all relevant files with you to court appearances - as back up in case your lawyer does not have the appropriate ones with him .
Court actions :
Do n't even THINK about going to court without a lawyer .
In most cases , judges will just laugh and scoff at you - literally - and tell you to get representation .
If you persist in forcing them to allow you to represent yourself , her lawyer and the judge will take you apart .
Consult with and rely on your lawyer for the timing and the appropriateness of court actions .
It may be in your best interests to get to court first with a petition or motion ( to be the " petitioner "  ) ; or the other side may move quickly and make you the " respondent "  to a court action .
Your lawyer should know what strategies are best .
Assist him as much as you can with written briefs for the affidavits , financial statements , etc . he will prepare on your behalf .
In most cases , judges will just laugh and scoff at you - literally - and tell you to get representation .
If you persist in forcing them to allow you to represent yourself , her lawyer and the judge will take you apart .
Consult with and rely on your lawyer for the timing and the appropriateness of court actions .
It may be in your best interests to get to court first with a petition or motion ( to be the " petitioner "  ) ; or the other side may move quickly and make you the " respondent "  to a court action .
Your lawyer should know what strategies are best .
Assist him as much as you can with written briefs for the affidavits , financial statements , etc . he will prepare on your behalf .
Start , and maintain , throughout the duration of your case , a daily journal of all activities relative to your interaction with your spouse and the children .
Memory is a faulty faculty .
Being able to go to your journal to find the unfiltered facts regarding events that were written at the time of occurrence can be a critical asset .
of all activities relative to your interaction with your spouse and the children .
Memory is a faulty faculty .
Being able to go to your journal to find the unfiltered facts regarding events that were written at the time of occurrence can be a critical asset .
Micro -manage your money .
Legal fees and , inevitably , support payments will be major financial hurdles you will have to deal with .
Go on an austerity budget .
When you finally physically separate , you should be aware that you may be primarily responsible for financing two households .
Start a war chest of any and all money you can squirrel away .
Line up resources for borrowing - because , eventually , you are going to have to solicit loans .
Legal fees and , inevitably , support payments will be major financial hurdles you will have to deal with .
Go on an austerity budget .
When you finally physically separate , you should be aware that you may be primarily responsible for financing two households .
Start a war chest of any and all money you can squirrel away .
Line up resources for borrowing - because , eventually , you are going to have to solicit loans .
Be prepared for the " equalization of family assets "  .
This means that , even though your spouse may not have worked outside the house a day in her life ( her parenting and housekeeping are her contribution to the marriage ) , in general , she is due 50 % of all the assets accumulated during the marriage .
That is , in general : she gets half the proceeds of the sale of the house and properties , half the RRSP savings , half the investments , half the family liquid assets , half your employment pension , half the value of all vehicles and half the furnishings , etc. of the home accumulated during the marriage .
If she works , all her assets - including RRSPs and pensions she may have accumulated -- will be included in the division of assets .
This means that , even though your spouse may not have worked outside the house a day in her life ( her parenting and housekeeping are her contribution to the marriage ) , in general , she is due 50 % of all the assets accumulated during the marriage .
That is , in general : she gets half the proceeds of the sale of the house and properties , half the RRSP savings , half the investments , half the family liquid assets , half your employment pension , half the value of all vehicles and half the furnishings , etc. of the home accumulated during the marriage .
If she works , all her assets - including RRSPs and pensions she may have accumulated -- will be included in the division of assets .
A note about the " separation date "  :
This is a critical date for figuring out the equalization of assets .
In general , you both keep whatever assets you brought to the marriage .
However , all assets accumulated between from the " date of marriage "  until the " separation date "  are split 50 / 50 .
The separation date is typically the date that one of you leaves the matrimonial home .
The status of that date may change if the one who left returns for any amount of time .
A separation date may be established while you are still together .
Usually , it 's the date that you stop sleeping together in the same room , but may require the added proviso that you have stopped doing things together as a family .
This is a critical date for figuring out the equalization of assets .
In general , you both keep whatever assets you brought to the marriage .
However , all assets accumulated between from the " date of marriage "  until the " separation date "  are split 50 / 50 .
The separation date is typically the date that one of you leaves the matrimonial home .
The status of that date may change if the one who left returns for any amount of time .
A separation date may be established while you are still together .
Usually , it 's the date that you stop sleeping together in the same room , but may require the added proviso that you have stopped doing things together as a family .
Be prepared to not get any form of custody of your children .
In general , at the present time , if you go to court in dispute over custody of the children - say you want joint custody and she wants sole custody - the biased judges in the family law system will rule that : " since you two are in dispute over the custody arrangement , joint custody will not work .
Therefore " in the best interests of the children ' , the primary caretaker of the children ( guess who ? ) will have sole custody of the children . " 
In general , the only way you will ever get joint custody is if she agrees to it ; the only way you will ever get sole custody is if she does not want custody at all or you can prove that she is completely unfit and incompetent to be the custodial parent ( and you will have to have comprehensive and incontrovertible evidence ) .
There are cases of enlightened judges granting joint custody when there is a dispute , however , it is a very rare exception .
In general , at the present time , if you go to court in dispute over custody of the children - say you want joint custody and she wants sole custody - the biased judges in the family law system will rule that : " since you two are in dispute over the custody arrangement , joint custody will not work .
Therefore " in the best interests of the children ' , the primary caretaker of the children ( guess who ? ) will have sole custody of the children . " 
In general , the only way you will ever get joint custody is if she agrees to it ; the only way you will ever get sole custody is if she does not want custody at all or you can prove that she is completely unfit and incompetent to be the custodial parent ( and you will have to have comprehensive and incontrovertible evidence ) .
There are cases of enlightened judges granting joint custody when there is a dispute , however , it is a very rare exception .
Be prepared to pay child support .
Because you will not get joint custody of your children in a contested case , you will automatically be ordered to pay full child support for all children of the marriage , common - law relationship ( or proven paternity situation ) .
The support order in Canada is based solely on your gross income and the number of your children relative to tables provided by the government .
And it will be enforced by the enforcement branch of your provincial government if you default on payments .
Once the order is registered , the support amount will be automatically collected from you by a government agency and paid to your ex -- unless you both agree to opt out of the plan and make arrangements for you to pay her directly .
You may also be liable for a percentage of childcare expenses , based on the inequity of your salaries , if your ex is gainfully employed .
And you are liable for other " reasonable "  extra expenses , i.e. : medical , dental , schooling , sports activities , etc .
Because you will not get joint custody of your children in a contested case , you will automatically be ordered to pay full child support for all children of the marriage , common - law relationship ( or proven paternity situation ) .
The support order in Canada is based solely on your gross income and the number of your children relative to tables provided by the government .
And it will be enforced by the enforcement branch of your provincial government if you default on payments .
Once the order is registered , the support amount will be automatically collected from you by a government agency and paid to your ex -- unless you both agree to opt out of the plan and make arrangements for you to pay her directly .
You may also be liable for a percentage of childcare expenses , based on the inequity of your salaries , if your ex is gainfully employed .
And you are liable for other " reasonable "  extra expenses , i.e. : medical , dental , schooling , sports activities , etc .
Be prepared to pay spousal support .
If your wife is a homemaker , you will be required to pay " spousal support "  until such time as she can become gainfully employed .
Some judges put a time frame to spousal support - giving the wife a period of one year , etc. to find / return to work .
In some cases , where the wife has never worked and is at home with small children , you may be liable for spousal support for quite some time .
If your wife is a part - time employee or " under - employed "  you may be required to provide an equalizing amount of support relative to your income and hers .
The fact that women , typically , make less money than men means there may be an equalization of income by way of spousal support .
There are no tables for spousal support .
The lawyers and the judge will work out an amount and you will be ordered to pay it .
If your wife is a homemaker , you will be required to pay " spousal support "  until such time as she can become gainfully employed .
Some judges put a time frame to spousal support - giving the wife a period of one year , etc. to find / return to work .
In some cases , where the wife has never worked and is at home with small children , you may be liable for spousal support for quite some time .
If your wife is a part - time employee or " under - employed "  you may be required to provide an equalizing amount of support relative to your income and hers .
The fact that women , typically , make less money than men means there may be an equalization of income by way of spousal support .
There are no tables for spousal support .
The lawyers and the judge will work out an amount and you will be ordered to pay it .
Pay your support orders when humanly possible .
You have an obligation to financially support your children even if you believe the order for support was unreasonably arrived at .
If you do not pay your support , the money will be garnisheed from your wages at source and your savings and RRSPs , etc. will be seized .
You will get yourself into very serious financial straits if you let the ordered amounts accumulate over the years .
And you will be hounded forever by the enforcement office .
If your income declines , go back to court and petition for a reduction in support .
But pay the support as ordered until you get the amount reduced .
Do not withhold child support if your spouse is interfering with your time with the children .
The courts treat child support and access as two completely separate issues .
And they are .
If you withhold child support , you are engaging in the same dirty tactics that she is .
And the children are the ones who suffer .
And you look like the bad guy .
And you can't afford to look like the bad guy , given the existing bias against you as a father .
You have an obligation to financially support your children even if you believe the order for support was unreasonably arrived at .
If you do not pay your support , the money will be garnisheed from your wages at source and your savings and RRSPs , etc. will be seized .
You will get yourself into very serious financial straits if you let the ordered amounts accumulate over the years .
And you will be hounded forever by the enforcement office .
If your income declines , go back to court and petition for a reduction in support .
But pay the support as ordered until you get the amount reduced .
Do not withhold child support if your spouse is interfering with your time with the children .
The courts treat child support and access as two completely separate issues .
And they are .
If you withhold child support , you are engaging in the same dirty tactics that she is .
And the children are the ones who suffer .
And you look like the bad guy .
And you can't afford to look like the bad guy , given the existing bias against you as a father .
Be prepared to fight for " access " with your children .
When you do n't get custody status with your children , you will be required to petition for regular visitation or access time with your children .
The terms " access "  and " visitation "  are demeaning to non-custodial parents ( " family time with the children "  , although long , would be a better term . ) , however they are the terms used in the family courts .
Depending on your circumstances : job responsibilities , other personal obligations , etc. you will figure out how much time you wish to have with your children .
It may be several weekday evenings and one of the weekend days with overnights , etc .
Whatever your petition , be prepared for the majority of judges in the family court system to rule in favour of the mother 's suggestions for your time with the children , invariably much less time than you want .
Typically , rulings are for the father to have the children every second weekend .
Every other weekend is not nearly enough time to maintain the bonds you have developed with your children , but you will have to make the best of a bad deal .
If the mother does not want you to have overnight visitation , you can be sure , in general , that you wo n't get it .
Once you have an order for access in place , you can be sure that the mother 's control freak nature will surface and she will find all kinds of excuses to withhold the children from you on a regular basis .
And , even though she may be in contempt of a court order , do n't waste your money taking her to court .
A judge will almost never penalize her in any meaningful way for her actions , except , maybe , to lecture her ( is anyone going to fine or throw a mother of children into jail ? ) .
Keep a record of all the withheld access visits and have your lawyer lodge official protests that may be used , cumulatively as proof of her contempt at later court appearances .
When you do n't get custody status with your children , you will be required to petition for regular visitation or access time with your children .
The terms " access "  and " visitation "  are demeaning to non-custodial parents ( " family time with the children "  , although long , would be a better term . ) , however they are the terms used in the family courts .
Depending on your circumstances : job responsibilities , other personal obligations , etc. you will figure out how much time you wish to have with your children .
It may be several weekday evenings and one of the weekend days with overnights , etc .
Whatever your petition , be prepared for the majority of judges in the family court system to rule in favour of the mother 's suggestions for your time with the children , invariably much less time than you want .
Typically , rulings are for the father to have the children every second weekend .
Every other weekend is not nearly enough time to maintain the bonds you have developed with your children , but you will have to make the best of a bad deal .
If the mother does not want you to have overnight visitation , you can be sure , in general , that you wo n't get it .
Once you have an order for access in place , you can be sure that the mother 's control freak nature will surface and she will find all kinds of excuses to withhold the children from you on a regular basis .
And , even though she may be in contempt of a court order , do n't waste your money taking her to court .
A judge will almost never penalize her in any meaningful way for her actions , except , maybe , to lecture her ( is anyone going to fine or throw a mother of children into jail ? ) .
Keep a record of all the withheld access visits and have your lawyer lodge official protests that may be used , cumulatively as proof of her contempt at later court appearances .
If you have been cut off from seeing your children because of malicious and false allegations of abuse :
Take the unusual step of petitioning for " supervised access "  at a center provided by your local or provincial government .
There would have to be tremendous extenuating circumstances for a judge to deny this kind of petition .
Even though the circumstance of spending time with your children under supervision will be stressful and humiliating , it will ensure that you have regular contact with them .
And , in the meantime , you can pursue having a " family assessment "  by an appropriate professional to disprove the allegations .
Take the unusual step of petitioning for " supervised access "  at a center provided by your local or provincial government .
There would have to be tremendous extenuating circumstances for a judge to deny this kind of petition .
Even though the circumstance of spending time with your children under supervision will be stressful and humiliating , it will ensure that you have regular contact with them .
And , in the meantime , you can pursue having a " family assessment "  by an appropriate professional to disprove the allegations .
Malicious and false allegations of child sexual abuse have become an insidious phenomenon in family law .
A 1998 report by the Ottawa Ontario Children 's Aid Society revealed that , of 900 cases of allegations of child sexual abuse linked to matrimonial disputes , 600 of them were proved to be completely groundless .
Meanwhile the victims of this devastating weapon ( fathers fighting for meaningful relationships with their children ) are required to PROVE their innocence .
The custody / access issue grinds to a halt as the Children 's Aid , the police and psychiatric professionals involve themselves in an already crowded process .
Access between the father and his children is severely curtailed or terminated and the emotional and financial costs of an already painful process escalate .
The perpetrator of this gross injustice ( the mother , usually by prompting the children ) faces no recrimination or penalty for her actions .
And the relationship between the father and his children is severely strained or , all too often , irreversibly damaged .
A 1998 report by the Ottawa Ontario Children 's Aid Society revealed that , of 900 cases of allegations of child sexual abuse linked to matrimonial disputes , 600 of them were proved to be completely groundless .
Meanwhile the victims of this devastating weapon ( fathers fighting for meaningful relationships with their children ) are required to PROVE their innocence .
The custody / access issue grinds to a halt as the Children 's Aid , the police and psychiatric professionals involve themselves in an already crowded process .
Access between the father and his children is severely curtailed or terminated and the emotional and financial costs of an already painful process escalate .
The perpetrator of this gross injustice ( the mother , usually by prompting the children ) faces no recrimination or penalty for her actions .
And the relationship between the father and his children is severely strained or , all too often , irreversibly damaged .
Family assessments have become a growth industry .
With all the malicious allegations flying , courts routinely order " family assessments "  to be conducted by social workers and psychologists who have trained as experts in this area of the family law industry .
They interview all relevant parties and then come back with findings and recommendations that are usually accepted by the judge who ordered it .
These professionals have to be paid ; and guess who usually gets stuck with that bill ?
Often when a family assessment has been ordered , you at least get to suggest a candidate for the job .
Make sure you propose someone who is at least impartial about , if not outright sympathetic to , fathers ' issues .
And lean on your lawyer to be forthright in the decision - making for the assessor .
With all the malicious allegations flying , courts routinely order " family assessments "  to be conducted by social workers and psychologists who have trained as experts in this area of the family law industry .
They interview all relevant parties and then come back with findings and recommendations that are usually accepted by the judge who ordered it .
These professionals have to be paid ; and guess who usually gets stuck with that bill ?
Often when a family assessment has been ordered , you at least get to suggest a candidate for the job .
Make sure you propose someone who is at least impartial about , if not outright sympathetic to , fathers ' issues .
And lean on your lawyer to be forthright in the decision - making for the assessor .
Face the fact that you may have to endure a very long period of frustrations and disappointments .
The processes of the court system are slow enough and frustrating enough on their own .
Then there are the lawyers .
In collusion with their intransigent clients , they are masters at delaying and frustrating court actions .
They conveniently and consistently " miss phone calls "  , ignore messages , " miscommunicate "  and " misunderstand "  ; disappear on holidays ; ask for continuances ( delays in proceedings ) , all with the intention of frustrating you from getting court actions completed that they may feel are not in their client 's interest .
And the judges : it is so unnerving to go before a judge , as a taxpayer , sound citizen and devoted father and to be regarded by this " god in his kingdom "  as a second - class ( at best ) citizen , a wannabe parent and a bottomless pit of financial resources .
And , on the other hand , treating your wife as the only trustworthy , sane , long - suffering puritan in view .
Patience and persistence is the only thing that will get you through , guys " 
Patience and persistence " 
The processes of the court system are slow enough and frustrating enough on their own .
Then there are the lawyers .
In collusion with their intransigent clients , they are masters at delaying and frustrating court actions .
They conveniently and consistently " miss phone calls "  , ignore messages , " miscommunicate "  and " misunderstand "  ; disappear on holidays ; ask for continuances ( delays in proceedings ) , all with the intention of frustrating you from getting court actions completed that they may feel are not in their client 's interest .
And the judges : it is so unnerving to go before a judge , as a taxpayer , sound citizen and devoted father and to be regarded by this " god in his kingdom "  as a second - class ( at best ) citizen , a wannabe parent and a bottomless pit of financial resources .
And , on the other hand , treating your wife as the only trustworthy , sane , long - suffering puritan in view .
Patience and persistence is the only thing that will get you through , guys " 
Patience and persistence " 
Maintain lines of communication with your children .
LISTEN TO THEM .
Let them express their fears and concerns and hurts .
Reassure them , as much as you can .
Prepare for your time with them .
Line up activities : bowling , a movie , etc. ; have the fridge stocked with their favourite meals ( from lists you can have them prepare ) .
Do n't just let them plunk down in front of the TV and order in fast food ( although that 's what they may demand ) .
Get them outside participating in sports and physical activities , walking by a lake or stream , visiting favourite relatives ( do n't forget Gramma and Grandpa ! ) .
Avoid shopping - even grocery shopping - with them .
Your finances will be strained and you do n't need the pressure they will bring to bear on you to buy them " things "  .
Instead , listen and watch for a special item they may be yearning for and , where practical , buy it for them as a surprise gift .
Make sure you buy something for each child , though .
LISTEN TO THEM .
Let them express their fears and concerns and hurts .
Reassure them , as much as you can .
Prepare for your time with them .
Line up activities : bowling , a movie , etc. ; have the fridge stocked with their favourite meals ( from lists you can have them prepare ) .
Do n't just let them plunk down in front of the TV and order in fast food ( although that 's what they may demand ) .
Get them outside participating in sports and physical activities , walking by a lake or stream , visiting favourite relatives ( do n't forget Gramma and Grandpa ! ) .
Avoid shopping - even grocery shopping - with them .
Your finances will be strained and you do n't need the pressure they will bring to bear on you to buy them " things "  .
Instead , listen and watch for a special item they may be yearning for and , where practical , buy it for them as a surprise gift .
Make sure you buy something for each child , though .
Do not trash talk your ex in front of the children .
Even if you are aware that she puts you down in their presence .
The children love you both equally and your criticisms of one another will only confuse them and stress them even more than they already are .
In the long run , it is counterproductive for either parent to put down the other .
Eventually - and it may be a long way down the road -- the children will see through the criticisms and lies and will turn against the trash - talking parent .
And never argue about aspects of the case or any other issue in front of them .
This will just make them more anxious and angry about their new fractured life situation .
Even if you are aware that she puts you down in their presence .
The children love you both equally and your criticisms of one another will only confuse them and stress them even more than they already are .
In the long run , it is counterproductive for either parent to put down the other .
Eventually - and it may be a long way down the road -- the children will see through the criticisms and lies and will turn against the trash - talking parent .
And never argue about aspects of the case or any other issue in front of them .
This will just make them more anxious and angry about their new fractured life situation .
Keep in touch with your children through any channel possible when you see them very little or not at all .
Write to them , send them cards and little gifts , telephone them or have them telephone you , send them emails .
Keep a record / copies of the things you send if you suspect your ex is intercepting your correspondences and the children are not getting them .
Somewhere down the road , you can show your child proof of your efforts to keep in touch .
And they are going to know that it was n't your lack of interest in being part of their lives , but their mom 's interference .
when you see them very little or not at all .
Write to them , send them cards and little gifts , telephone them or have them telephone you , send them emails .
Keep a record / copies of the things you send if you suspect your ex is intercepting your correspondences and the children are not getting them .
Somewhere down the road , you can show your child proof of your efforts to keep in touch .
And they are going to know that it was n't your lack of interest in being part of their lives , but their mom 's interference .
Throughout the ordeal of the divorce process , rely on your spiritual path - be it Christian , Jewish , Muslim , Buddhist - to help you get through .
Attend your church , synagogue , temple on a regular basis .
Find some quiet time for reflection and meditation , to drop right out of your ordeal and renew your soul and spirit .
Do n't be too proud , as a man , to rely on your friends and family for emotional support .
Do n't think that you have to carry the often overwhelming burden of the injustices and the stresses of your case by yourself .
Your friends and family , who love you , will usually be there to share the weight of the ordeal .
WARNING : realize that , even though your family and friends can lend a sympathetic ear , they can also get overwhelmed by your case if you go on about it too much .
Do n't be a broken record ; use their sympathy wisely .
And let your friends periodically entertain and distract you to help you relieve yourself of the seriousness of your circumstances .
Do n't think that you have to carry the often overwhelming burden of the injustices and the stresses of your case by yourself .
Your friends and family , who love you , will usually be there to share the weight of the ordeal .
WARNING : realize that , even though your family and friends can lend a sympathetic ear , they can also get overwhelmed by your case if you go on about it too much .
Do n't be a broken record ; use their sympathy wisely .
And let your friends periodically entertain and distract you to help you relieve yourself of the seriousness of your circumstances .
Help others in similar circumstances and join the fight for Fathers Rights .
Be generous with your time and advice with fellow victims of the sham of so - called " family "  law .
Write letters to newspapers , your elected representatives , the governing bodies for judges and lawyers .
Join a father 's rights organization and picket and protest the inequities in court decisions .
It will take serious and concerted efforts by all of us to bring about the changes that are needed in the true application of the principles of family law .
Be generous with your time and advice with fellow victims of the sham of so - called " family "  law .
Write letters to newspapers , your elected representatives , the governing bodies for judges and lawyers .
Join a father 's rights organization and picket and protest the inequities in court decisions .
It will take serious and concerted efforts by all of us to bring about the changes that are needed in the true application of the principles of family law .
Get regular exercise and eat well .
Try to jog or participate in sports on a regular basis .
Avoid the grease and salt and sugar of fast food .
Take the time and care to feed yourself nutritious and healthy foods .
It bears repeating here : eat lots of fresh fruit and vegetables ; have good amounts of whole grain breads and cereals ; eat lean cuts of red meat , poultry and fish .
Make sure you go for your yearly physical .
Try to jog or participate in sports on a regular basis .
Avoid the grease and salt and sugar of fast food .
Take the time and care to feed yourself nutritious and healthy foods .
It bears repeating here : eat lots of fresh fruit and vegetables ; have good amounts of whole grain breads and cereals ; eat lean cuts of red meat , poultry and fish .
Make sure you go for your yearly physical .
Get yourself a pet .
Especially a dog .
There 's nothing like the unconditional love and affection of a faithful pet when you return home from work at the end of an exhausting day .
That wagging tail , affectionate gaze and total lack of attitude can do wonders for you .
And the walk it will demand every night will be good for your mind and body too .
Especially a dog .
There 's nothing like the unconditional love and affection of a faithful pet when you return home from work at the end of an exhausting day .
That wagging tail , affectionate gaze and total lack of attitude can do wonders for you .
And the walk it will demand every night will be good for your mind and body too .
Be easy on yourself .
You are going to feel like a failure : a failure in marriage , a failure to your children , a financial failure .
Accept responsibility for the role you played in the debacle , but DON'T BEAT YOURSELF UP OVER IT .
About the perceived failure of your relationship with your wife : realize that " incompatibility is like rain : it just happens . " 
Realize that your children need your emotional support , so give yourself a break : be easy - going and affectionate with them .
Realize that you walked into a financial minefield when you entered the domain of family law .
Unless you started off filthy rich , you are going to take a financial pounding , and it ai n't your fault .
Try to not let it stress you out .
You are going to feel like a failure : a failure in marriage , a failure to your children , a financial failure .
Accept responsibility for the role you played in the debacle , but DON'T BEAT YOURSELF UP OVER IT .
About the perceived failure of your relationship with your wife : realize that " incompatibility is like rain : it just happens . " 
Realize that your children need your emotional support , so give yourself a break : be easy - going and affectionate with them .
Realize that you walked into a financial minefield when you entered the domain of family law .
Unless you started off filthy rich , you are going to take a financial pounding , and it ai n't your fault .
Try to not let it stress you out .
Last point : Women are not the enemy .
Just because your wife turned out to be your worst nightmare ; and just because family law is completely biased in favour of mothers - even mothers from Hell ; do n't get down on the " fairer sex "  .
Family law has swung so far askew because of the extreme and consistent lobbying efforts of feminist organizations and because of the overt actions of feminist - sympathizing politicians .
However , your mother , your sister , your female friends , your new partner are all as appalled as you are at the injustice of it all .
And they stand by to help and support and nurture you in your fight for fairness for you and your children .
They are " street smart "  suggestions gleaned from personal experiences and the experiences of other men who have worked their way through the minefield that is family law .
Although the statutes stress that decisions taken in family law litigation should be , first and foremost , in " the best interests of the children "  , the fact is that almost all rulings are made in favor of the mother , as " primary caregiver "  -- ostensibly " on behalf of "  the children .
As a father , you , supposedly , have rights under the law , but , quite realistically , have few rights at all .
85 % of custody decisions go to the mother ( mothers have custody in 98 % of all cases ) ; mothers rarely pay child or spousal support - fathers are routinely forced into personal bankruptcy or go underground because they cannot pay onerous support orders ; mother 's routinely withhold children from court - ordered " access "  with their fathers as court orders for access are virtually unenforceable ; family equity is split right down the middle , even though a mother may have only provided barely adequate child care and indifferent housekeeping as her contribution .
So you must take steps to pre-empt and mitigate , where possible , a situation wherein you are at the mercy of cut - throat lawyers , biased judges and a very flawed system .
Although the tone of this article may seem pessimistic , I propose that it is , in fact , realistic .
The plight of fathers in family law disputes is grave .
However , I am optimistic because of the tremendous devotion that so many fathers display for their offspring in facing overwhelming emotional and financial challenges in the simple desire to play a meaningful and critical role in their children 's lives .
And I sense a rising tide of awareness and anger in the general public , at large , at the inequalities and abuses of their rights that fathers have been suffering for far too long .
It 's time that innovative solutions like mandatory shared parenting be written into the statutes to give fathers a chance at participating in a reasonable fashion in their children 's lives .
Once again , it must be stressed that the following is not legal advice .
Ask your lawyer / attorney for a definitive opinion on any and all of the recommendations presented here .
This document is prepared specifically relative to Ontario , Canada family law , but most principles should work relative to other North American jurisdictions .
The recommendations begin with the supposition that you are still in the matrimonial home , that your marriage is beyond saving and that mediation is not an option .
If you have already separated , pick up the suggestions at the appropriate point .
Allan O'Marra , March 2001
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Regulators closed on Friday Ameribank Inc , which became the 12th bank failure this year as the struggling economy and falling home prices take their toll on financial institutions .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp said the Northfork , West Virginia - based bank had $ 115 million in assets and $ 102 million in deposits as of June 30 .
The failure is expected to cost the U.S. bank deposit insurance fund about $ 42 million .
Pioneer Community Bank Inc in Iaeger , West Virginia , and The Citizens Savings Bank in Martins Ferry , Ohio , entered into agreements to assume all the deposits and certain assets of Ameribank , which was closed by the Office of Thrift Supervision .
Customers can access their money over the weekend by check , teller machine or debit card , the FDIC said .
An update on the latest production numbers from the EIA along with graphs / charts of different oil production forecasts .
mbpd= Million of barrels per day
Gb= Billion of barrels ( 10 9 )
Tb= Trillion of barrels ( 10 12 )
NGPL= Natural Gas Plant Liquids
CO= Crude Oil + lease condensate
NGL= Natural Gas Liquids ( lease condensate + NGPL )
URR = Ultimate Recoverable Resource
EIA Last Update ( May )
Data sources for the production numbers :
Production data from BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2006 ( Crude oil + NGL ) .
EIA data ( monthly and annual productions up to May 2008 ) for crude oil and lease condensate ( noted CO ) on which I added the NGPL production ( noted CO+NGL ) .
The all liquid peak is now May 2008 at 86.05 mbpd , the year to date average production value in 2008 ( 5 months ) is up from 2007 for all the categories .
The peak date for Crude Oil + Cond. is also May 2008 at 74.48 mbpd ( see Table I below ) .
Fig 1 .- World production ( EIA data ) .
Blue lines and pentagrams are indicating monthly maximum .
Monthly data for CO from the EIA .
Annual data for NGPL and Other Liquids from 1980 to 2001 have been upsampled to get monthly estimates .
Click to Enlarge .
Category AUG 2008 AUG 2007 AUG 2006 12 MA1 2008 ( 5 Months ) 2007 ( 5 Months ) 2006 ( 5 Months ) Share Peak Date Peak Value All Liquids 86.05 84.11 84.18 85.03 85.49 84.07 84.30 100.00 % 2008-05 86.05 Crude Oil + NGL 82.62 80.73 80.87 81.54 82.22 80.96 81.24 96.02 % 2008-05 82.62 Other Liquids 3.42 3.37 3.30 3.49 3.27 3.12 3.06 3.98 % 2007-06 3.81 NGPL 8.14 7.96 7.78 7.99 8.05 7.97 7.77 9.46 % 2008-05 8.14 Crude Oil + Condensate 74.48 72.77 73.09 73.54 74.17 72.98 73.47 86.56 % 2008-05 74.48 Canadian Tar Sands 1.10 1.09 1.02 1.19 1.16 1.15 1.06 1.28 % 2007-08 1.35
Table I - Production estimate ( in millions of barrels per day ( mbpd ) ) up to May 2008 taken from the EIA website ( International Petroleum Monthly ) .
1 Average on the last 12 months .
Canadian tar sands production numbers are from the NEB and includes updagraded and non-upgraded bitumen .
Business as Usual
Fig 4 .- Production forecasts assuming no visible peak .
Click to Enlarge .
PeakOilers : Bottom - Up Analysis
Fig 5 .- Forecasts by PeakOilers based on bottom - up methodologies .
Click to Enlarge .
PeakOilers : Curve Fitting
Fig 6 .- Forecasts by PeakOilers using curve fitting methodologies .
Click to Enlarge .
Forecast Date 2006 2007 2008 2010 2015 Diff2 Peak Date Peak Value All Liquids Observed ( All Liquids ) 84.54 84.44 85.49 NA
NA 2008-05 86.05 IEA ( WEO ) 2004 83.74 85.41 87.08 90.40 98.69 - 2.34 2030 121.30 IEA ( WEO ) 2005 85.85 87.64 89.35 92.50 99.11 - 4.61 2030 115.40 Koppelaar 2005 85.78 86.61 87.60 89.21 87.98 - 2.86 2011 89.58 Lahrrere 2005 84.47 85.23 85.87 86.96 87.77 - 1.12 2014 87.84 EIA
( IEO ) 2006 84.50 86.37 88.23 91.60 98.30 - 3.48 2030 118.00 IEA ( WEO ) 2006 85.10 86.62 88.17 91.30 99.30 - 3.42 2030 116.30 CERA1 2006 89.52 91.62 93.75 97.24 104.54 -9.01 2035 130.00 Lahrrere 2006 84.82 85.96 87.02 88.93 92.27 - 2.27 2018 92.99 Smith 2006 87.77 90.88 94.38 98.94 98.56 -9.63 2012-05 99.83 Crude Oil + NGL Observed ( EIA ) 81.28 81.01 82.22 NA
NA 2008-05 82.62 GBM
2003 76.27 76.33 76.20 75.30 67.79 5.16 2007-05 76.34 Bakhtiari 2003 80.89 80.89 80.24 77.64 69.51 1.12 2006 80.89 ASPO - 46 2004 80.95 80.80 80.59 80.00 73.77 0.78 2005 81.00 ASPO - 58 2005 82.03 83.10 84.05 85.00 79.18 - 2.69 2010 85.00 Staniford ( High ) 2005 77.92 78.31 78.63 79.01 78.51 2.74 2011-10 79.08 Staniford ( Med ) 2005 75.94 75.97 75.91 75.52 73.00 5.45 2007-05 75.98 Staniford ( Low ) 2005 70.13 69.71 69.20 67.92 63.40 12.17 2002-07 70.88 IEA ( WEO ) 2006 81.38 82.67 83.96 86.50 92.50 - 2.60 2030 104.90 Koppelaar 2006 82.31 83.68 85.60 91.00 NA - 4.23 2010 91.00 Skrebowski 2006 81.45 82.62 84.20 87.35 NA - 2.84 2010 87.95 Smith 2006 82.81 85.45 88.27 91.95 88.60 -6.90 2011-02 92.31 Loglets 2006 82.14 83.02 83.74 84.65 83.26 -2.38 2012-01 84.80 ASPO - 76 2006 79.00 81.35 85.06 90.00 85.00 - 3.70 2010 90.00 Robelius Low 2006 82.19 82.50 82.35 81.84 72.26 -0.98 2007 82.50 Robelius High 2006 84.19 86.67 89.27 93.40 92.40 -7.90 2012 94.54 Shock Model 2006 80.43 80.01 79.51 78.27 73.74 1.86 2003 81.17 EWG 2007 81.00 80.45 79.78 78.06 69.21 1.58 2005 81.41 Crude Oil + Lease Condensate Observed ( EIA ) 73.48 73.05 74.17 NA
NA 2008-05 74.48 ASPO - 46 2004 72.56 72.25 71.89 71.00 63.55 1.49 2005 72.80 Deffeyes 2004 69.92 69.83 69.64 69.01 65.98 3.73 2005 -12 69.94 ASPO -58 2005 73.80 74.65 75.39 76.00 69.50 - 2.02 2010 76.00 IEA ( WEO ) 2006 71.78 72.77 73.76 75.70 80.30 - 0.38 2030 89.10 CERA1 2006 76.89 78.60 80.35 82.29 83.83 -6.97 2038 97.58 ASPO -76 2006 72.10 73.66 75.74 78.00 72.00 - 2.36 2010 78.00 HSM 2007 73.56 73.53 73.40 72.82 69.53 -0.02 2006 73.56 Ace 2007 73.48 73.03 72.18 66.96 58.47 1.20 2006-01 73.55 Table II .
Summary of all the forecasts ( figures are in mbpd ) as well as the last EIA estimates .
1 Productive capacities .
2 Difference between the observed average year to date production for 2008 and the predicted value ( in mbpd ) , the value in bold indicates the best forecast ( i.e. the oldest with the lowest error ) .
The following results are based on a linear or non-linear fit of a parametric curve ( most often a Logistic curve ) directly on the observed production profile :
Previous Update :
OilWatch last issue :
Oilwatch - August 2008
Khebab@theoildrum.com
Here s AP on the story we ve been reporting on all day , in which John McCain appears to believe that Spain is in Latin America , and run by a dictator :
Jose Luis Rodriguez
Who ?
John McCain either does nt want to meet Spain s prime minister any time soon or is nt quite sure who he is .
In a radio interview broadcast in Spain and other Spanish - speaking countries Thursday , the Republican presidential candidate repeatedly dodged questions as to whether he would invite Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero to the White House if McCain wins in November .
 All I can tell you is that I have a clear record of working with leaders in the hemisphere that are friends with us and standing up to those who are not ,  he said .
 And that s judged on the basis of the importance of our relationship with Latin America and the entire region . 
He had been asked , however , about a leader outside the hemisphere .
McCain added , when that was pointed out :  I am willing to meet with any leader who is dedicated to the same principles and philosophy that we are for human rights , democracy and freedom and I will stand up to those that do not . 
Responding to the first of four questions on whether he would confer with Zapatero , McCain said he d talk with leaders who are cooperative with the United States .
Then he discussed Mexican President Felipe Calderon and his work in fighting drug cartels .
Japanese Men Are Taking Sex Into Their Own Hands
Within the last few years , the population of Japan appears to be dwindling .
With an estimated 127 million residents in 2005 , some scientists have estimated that the population of Japan may be as low as 105 million by the middle of the 20th century .
So what is causing this rapid decline in the Japanese population ?
Some research has been released that blames sex toys and excessive masturbation for turning men off from sex .
Japan is well known as a hub for some strange sexual products , but it seems that these products may do more than simply help a man achieve his sexual desires with women   they may be replacing women altogether .
Scientists believe that the availability of these products which includes fetish pornography , unusual sex toys , lotions , creams , sex clubs , online relationships and sex aids are causing sexual dysfunction in Japanese men , including   but not limited to   failure to ejaculate or premature ejaculation .
These  Sex Aids which include everything from robots of Japanese women to realistic moldings of female genitalia are providing these men with an alternative to standard sexual experiences , and many men are finding they prefer the low stress route , avoiding a relationship and finding an unconventional way to release their desires .
Japan is so worried about how the shrinking population may affect the workforce that they are considering relaxing immigration laws , providing extra money for child care and finding a way for Japanese parents to spend more time with their children .
Though if they really hope to solve the problem , they will probably find it more effective to encourage sex with Japanese women and more group orgies .
But relaxing immigration laws work too .
( link )
 Travis Stroup is a guest poster and author of a guide to meeting Asian women .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
The Market and the Government By Arnold Kling
On the one hand , The Washington Post reports ,
high fuel prices are having disparate effects : the end of free pizza deliveries at major franchises , a plunge in the sales of sport- utility vehicles , a steep drop in the price of houses that are far from jobs or mass transit .
On the other hand , from another story on the front page ,
In 2004 , as regulators warned that subprime lenders were saddling borrowers with mortgages they could not afford , the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development helped fuel more of that risky lending .
Eager to put more low - income and minority families into their own homes  HUD stuck with an outdated policy that allowed Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae to count billions of dollars they invested in subprime loans as a public good that would foster affordable housing .
 From 2004 to 2006 , the two purchased $ 434 billion in securities backed by subprime loans , creating a market for more such lending .
Subprime loans are targeted toward borrowers with poor credit , and they generally carry higher interest rates than conventional loans .
These stories illustrate that markets adapt while government regulation can exacerbate problems .
However , I doubt that this will alter the standard narrative , which is that every imperfection in markets requires more government regulation .
Its intentions are good , but Netflix doc  The Social Dilemma  is as manipulative as Facebook
By inventing entirely fictional plot lines to illustrate key points , the vital film undermines its own authority
https://www.nme.com/en_asia/features/the-social-dilemma-netflix-facebook-2761067
What about personal responsibility to not use the app if you do nt like how it s manipulating you ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlKao_Pox5A
Where an individual chooses to focus their attention is a choice .
It would help further the discussion if we did n't treat social media consumers as victims but rather as individuals with agency and personal responsibility .
My questions for the Social Dilemma filmmakers :
1. Regulation seems to take tech down the same path as tobacco & drugs .
What are your thoughts either on focusing primarily on education & treatment  much like Portugal is doing with their drug program  or a hybrid ?
2 . The need for publicly traded companies to consistently show growth & profit are at the foundation of this arms race .
How can we change the system so that companies are not punished for decisions that end up making them grow more slowly or generate fewer profits ?
B corps ?
3 . If you look at the underlying reason people want to engage with social media , it is our core need to connect with other people .
How can we foster a world where people can mindfully connect with others in healthy and meaningful ways ?
If you ca nt stand the irony , stay out of Gitmo on the Platte .
That s a nice little phrase I m coining to describe the  temporary arrestee processing center   aka vacant warehouse filled with cages and razor wire  that Denver is preparing in the event that protesters arrested during the Democratic National Convention overfill the city jails .
Another phrase I came up with today :
If you ca nt stand getting chased by scary black trucks , do nt try to sneak inside Gitmo on the Platte and take pictures .
See the slide show here .
CBS4 first reported on the existence of the facility yesterday , capturing footage from the inside .
But for some reason it did nt disclose its exact location , except to say it was a city - owned building in northeast Denver .
The same non-disclosure came from the Denver police and sheriff departments , although the mayor s office said it will offer tours of the facility next week .
Hmmm , I thought .
Anyone who follows municipal politics knows there s one empty warehouse that has been dogging the city for years : the former Denver Elections Commission storage building .
So I drove out to East 38th Avenue and York Street , and pulled into the industrial strip located just north of Schafer Park .
I was familiar with the area since the loading docks are a frequent Wetboys skateboard hang - out , and one of the warehouses was previously home to ManiaTV .
I made a few passes around the various warehouses and did nt see anything of note .
I was about to give up when I spotted two Denver sheriff 's vans pulling into the lot .
After that , it was just a matter of following them to unit 3833 and -  behold ! -- Gitmo on the Platte .
Some background :
The warehouse park where the building stands was originally a military supply depot that was purchased with a city - backed federal loan in 1998 , as part of a sketchy deal to turn the site into offices .
The developer , Bert Weston , began defaulting on the loans in 2005 but was temporarily bailed out by the Hickenlooper administration , which funneled her the lease to house election voting machines and other equipment to offset payments .
Weston bailed out completely the next year , turning operations over to another firm , but the elections equipment remained in the building .
Fast forward to 2006 , when Denver Auditor Dennis Gallagher began looking into financial transactions related to the warehouse .
The report , released that October , found the building to be so unsatisfactory for housing heat - sensitive equipment that the auditor s office questioned if the commission was capable of conducting the upcoming elections .
The elections equipment was eventually relocated and the unit has sat empty for a year .
So even though the former military facility was nt good enough to store elections equipment , it 's good enough to store DNC protesters ?
I had to get a look inside .
I pulled around back and watched two men unloading computers from the trunk of a car into the warehouse .
When they failed to close the door behind them , I walked right in to the 50,000 - square - foot space .
It immediately reminded me of the so - called Guantanamo on the Hudson , the sprawling bus depot that New York City converted into a holding pen for thousands of protesters arrested during the 2004 DNC .
Except instead of one large area , the warehouse is split into dozens of fenced cells topped with razor wire .
I snapped photos of the fences , as well as the computers and food - preparation area that workers were setting up .
The odd thing about the city choosing this warehouse as a detainment facility for potentially hundreds of protesters is that the 2006 Auditor 's report had already warned about problems .
Since the  warehouse has no permanent cooling system and only one of four heaters works properly ,  the city looked into installing a 4,000 pound cooling system .
But engineers determined the roof was too weak to support such a unit , which  raises concern about whether the roof will support a heavy snow fall . 
Instead , the city was bringing in massive cooling trucks to funnel in conditioned air via 18 - inch tubes as a temporary solution during the summer when temperatures got extremely hot .
In 2006 , the city need trucks to cool the warehouse for stored equipment .
I did not see any cooling trucks parked outside Gitmo on the Platte .
( I later called Auditor spokesman Denis Berckefeldt , and he said people in his office were wondering the same thing .
 We found that the [ warehouse ] is totally unsuitable to store heat - sensitive electronic voting machines ,  he said .
 So how are you going to have hundreds of people in there in the last week of August ?  )
In addition , the report pointed out that the  warehouse fire sprinkler system is a wet system and it is unknown if it is a zoned system . 
Given the age of the building and the amount of wood in the structure , " if a fire were to occur there is nothing , other than the sprinkler system , that would contain the fire and limit the loss of inventory . 
In fact , the huge concrete foundation directly adjacent to the city - owned warehouse once supported an interconnected warehouse that  had burned down at some point and was never rebuilt . 
This brought up questions about the  structural strength  of the once - shared , but now exposed , west wall .
 Hey , are you supposed to be in here ?  the worker asked me as I snapped photos .
 I m from the media ,  I answered .
 HEY !  he shouted to the sheriff 's deputies and other workers on the other end of the warehouse .
 THIS GUY IS TAKING PICTURES ! 
I snapped a few more :  It s okay , I m leaving . 
And I hustled out the door as the cops began stepping in my direction .
I was driving off in my car when a huge black truck , maybe a Dodge Ram , with tinted windows , came seemingly out of nowhere and pulled in front of me , trying to block my exit .
I swerved around it and we did a kind of slow - moving , figure eight pursuit around the warehouse lot until I made it back out to the main street .
All the while I was taking pictures of him taking pictures of me , which would have been kind of funny and postmodern if I was nt freaking out .
After about a mile he slowed his pursuit and eventually turned down a side street , never to be seen again .
I got back to my office and did some more research about the warehouse .
A few months ago , it was reported that the city was selling it to an Oregon - based property development company called ScanlanKemperBard for $ 3.4 million .
It turns out that the contract was finally signed by the city today !
The property will be turned over to the new owner on August 29  the last day of the convention .
Coincidence ?
Strategy ?
Or scary screw - up ?
Just ask the guy in the black truck .-- Jared Jacang Maher
UPDATE : As of August 20 , the city has parked large mobile air conditioning trucks outside the facility to pump in cool air .
Denver Undersheriff Bill Lovingier says that Fire Department officials did sign off on the warehouse for this use .
Jay Featherson with ScanlanKemperBard says that he was made aware a month ago that the warehouse his company has under contract would be temporarily retrofitted for this use , but has no concerns .
They are looking at a new closing date of September .
BARBARA FORREST knew the odds were stacked against her .
 They had 50 or 60 people in the room ,  she says .
Her opponents included lobbyists , church leaders and a crowd of home - schooled children .
 They were wearing stickers , clapping , cheering and standing in the aisles . 
Those on Forrest s side numbered less than a dozen , including two professors from Louisiana State University , representatives from the Louisiana Association of Educators and campaigners for the continued separation of church and state .
That was on 21 May , when Forrest testified in the Louisiana state legislature on the dangers hidden in the state s proposed Science Education Act . 
With the recent dropping of crude oil prices to below $ 120 a barrel , there are sighs of relief on both sides of the aisle .
But is that a good thing if you re perhaps a bit more environmental - leaning ?
Recently , Canadian investment bank BMO Nesbitt Burns  deputy chief economist has suggested that high gas prices are making a difference in commuting behaviour .
According to a note from Statistics Canada , service station receipts went up by 2.4 % in May , while gasoline prices grew more than 3 times that : 8.8 % .
This suggests pretty strongly that high gas prices have induced commuters to change their driving behaviours .
People are starting to leave their cars at home and taking public transit , working compressed workweeks or just carpooling .
Anything that might allow them to save on fuel costs .
While high gas prices are not the most effective way to combat environmentally degrading driving patterns  unless you grow all your own food , chances are likely that high gas prices are going to translate into higher food costs  high gas prices are starting to encourage the sorts of commuter behaviours that environmentalists have been attempting to mainstream for years .
In an effort to combat this , carmakers are retooling their business lines to encourage consumers to carry on buying and using cars .
Ford is expected to announce this week that they are in the process of converting three of their truck plants into auto plants , and that they will begin manufacturing their more fuel efficient European models for the North American market .
Thanks to high gas prices , the market for large and mid-size SUVs has virtually collapsed , leading to some of the worst annual vehicle sales for the auto industry in over a decade .
There seems to be a real policy driver lesson to be learned here : behaviour incentive change seems to work best through the wallet , not through altruism .
The real question I ask you , dear readers , is whether or not these changes are temporary or permanent .
Once ( if ) gas prices start to decrease , are we going to witness a return to the behaviour that brought about these high prices in the first place ?
For More Posts on Gas Prices and the Environment :
Image source : Lover of Romance at Media Commons
It began with an awkward phone call : " Would you like to , um , go bowling with me ? "
" Go what ? "
" Go ... uh ... bowling .
Would you like to bowl with me ?
I 'll pay for everything , of course . "
" You just want to go bowling ? "
She was incredulous .
" Kind of like a sweet , you know , all - American date , " I said , a nervous cramp in my chest .
Silence .
" Yeah , I 'll go bowling with you .
What time do you want to go ? "
So it was set .
My first date with a prostitute would be at a bowling alley in west Broward .
We could talk about whatever she wanted .
Do whatever she felt like doing .
As long as it did n't involve anything even close to sex .
It had to be one of the weirder propositions she 'd heard .
Call it some sort of half - baked sociological experiment :
What happens when you take a hooker on a regular date ?
What happens when you share a walk on the beach or a piece of pizza instead of , oh , something that ends in job ?
And that 's why , at the Don Carter Tamarac Lanes , during the third frame of the second bowling game , Sophia the prostitute is telling me about the time she went out on a fetish call and got kidnapped and held hostage for three days .
" He was spanking me , having a good time , when all of a sudden he like freaked out and pulled out his gun and started saying a bunch of crazy stuff , " she says as she lifts her pink bowling ball from the return .
" He kept telling me he was going to take me to Vegas .
He kept saying I could n't be too bruised up for Vegas . "
While she was held hostage , her driver called , trying to convince the man to let her go .
" I pretty much felt like I was going to die , " Sophia says , standing in blue and red bowling shoes .
" He lived in an apartment in one of those really tall buildings in Miami right next to where the Heat plays .
I could look out the window at all the people coming and going , and I wondered if I was ever going to get out of there . "
She threw her ball down the lane .
Three pins went down .
On our first call , we agreed to meet at the bowling alley on a Friday evening .
She called me " Baby " and " Sweetie " in a throaty voice .
I got Sophia 's number from a post on Craigslist 's erotic services page .
Her ad boasted that she can " provide the ultimate gfe [ girlfriend experience ] " and that she was " willing to try anything , Just Ask ! "
Beneath the text was a grainy photo of her in what looked like a motel room , in a sexy pose in front of a mirror .
She had long , dark hair and shiny skin .
She told me she was fine with going bowling and appearing in my story , " but , " she said , " you know my time is money . "
We agreed that I would bring $ 100 .
I 'd pay for our date and give her whatever was left over .
The sun is beginning to set when she arrives in a dirty white Dodge sedan .
We introduce ourselves just inside the front door of the bowling alley .
" So what exactly are we supposed to be doing here ? " she asks .
" Honestly , I have no idea what the hell I 'm doing , " I say in a failed attempt to alleviate her worries .
" Let 's just try to have a good time . "
She 's 5 - foot - 2 , with dark hair and a gentle face .
She has bright , brown , curious eyes .
Her upper teeth are covered by a shiny silver grill with dice carved into the teeth .
She 's wearing flip - flops , a short denim skirt , a brown tank top that clings to her buxom figure , and a gray hooded sweatshirt with several images of Bob Marley across the front and back .
She does n't seem to be under the influence of any strong narcotics .
She looks like a slightly older , slightly rounder version of the photo in her ad .
I try not to wonder how many men she 's seen this week .
We pick out our balls .
She finds a bright pink one that feels comfortable in her small hands .
She wonders if the ball might hurt her long acrylic nails  at the end of each finger , she has a twisting Technicolor spectrum embossed over a white background .
Eager to impress , I go for a colorful , 16 - pound ball .
I pick it up , then graciously put it down for an 11 .
At the shoe counter , she realizes she 's forgotten socks .
For $ 2.50 , I buy her the finest white socks Don Carter offers , out of a vending machine .
We find our lane and she slips on her size - seven , suede bowling shoes .
As we attempt to enter our names into the electronic scorekeeper , we discuss how infrequently we both bowl .
Sophia rolls first .
Gutter ball .
She turns around and breaks into a shy grin , slightly embarrassed .
On the second roll , she knocks over one pin .
" That 's really the hardest pin to get , " I joke .
She smiles without opening her mouth .
She 's from Tampa originally , she says , and goes back and forth across the state a lot .
She 's 27 , though she tells most of her clients she 's 22 .
Her real name is n't Sophia .
It also is n't Trinity , another name she uses .
" I keep thinking I 'm going to break one of these things , " she says as she examines the nails on her right hand .
She gets them done every two weeks , for $ 60 .
It 's only been a week since her last visit , so she has to be extracautious .
I ask her to tell me about herself .
" Well , I 'm a Sagittarius , and I like long walks on the beach , " she says , imitating the tone of a dating - game contestant .
She says she does n't really get out much .
Neither of us has 30 pins by the fifth frame .
So we have at least one thing in common :
We both suck at bowling .
Her favorite thing in the world to do , she says , is to make homemade , hand - rolled sushi .
For the first time , she 's talking directly to me .
" Sushi ? Really ? "
" My grandmother came here from Hiroshima , " she says .
They never spent a lot of time together , but every so often , her grandmother would teach young Sophia the craft of the tuna roll .
She tilts her head slightly as she imagines herself cutting and arranging raw fish .
At the end of the first game , she has 40 and I have 67 .
Things can only get better from here .
This was n't entirely my brilliant idea .
I 'd seen a photo - essay book titled I Date a Hooker in which a New Jersey man named Jeff Fischer took a bunch of prostitutes on sort - of regular dates .
Then he snapped photos , including copious depictions of himself making out with them , which , frankly , is just as gross as it sounds .
I wanted to talk to Fischer about his raunchy project , so I asked his publisher , Blue Q Books , if I could set up an interview with the author .
" The guy who actually dated the prostitutes ? " asks a Blue Q rep .
" I would n't even know where to begin tracking him down . "
So I was on my own .
I had uneasy feelings about offering any kind of remuneration for our encounters , so after seeing Sophia , I resolved not to pay any more hookers just to date me .
I was going to call and ask the women politely if they would join me for ice cream or to go to the aquarium .
The first place I turned , naturally , was to the back pages of this very publication .
I started dialing numbers from ads with photos of women who , for whatever reason at the time , I felt might be more likely to indulge their intellectual inquisitiveness  or at least humor me .
I called girls with ads that said : " New to town !
Show me around ! "
" Because I 'm worth it ! " " Just broke up with my boyfriend ! "
I got turned down .
Cold .
Every time .
" Hi . I 'm a reporter working on a story about dating local escorts .
There would n't be anything sexual , just a game or two of miniature golf .
And I 'll pay for this date , of course , but I really do n't have any money to give you for  hello ?
Hello ? "
After two days of ego - smashing rejections from prostitutes up and down the tricounty area , I decided to ditch the idea of enticing hookers to date me for free .
My new pitch : " I 've got $ 100 , and I want to play miniature golf with an escort . "
Most women still were n't interested .
" I prefer something a little more intimate , " one told me .
Finally , I found Britney .
Her ad said : " MIDWESTERN BRITNEY / Need to pay off student loans .
$ 275 /hr . "
The photo was of a surfer - blond woman with smooth , golden skin .
Over the phone , we agreed to meet at Boomer 's in Dania Beach for an afternoon date and a winsome round of minigolf .
When I arrive , Britney is removing wads of fast - food wrappers from the back seat of her Camry .
She 's tall and blond but rougher than her photo .
She 's wearing a blue Abercrombie & Fitch T - shirt , a white linen skirt , and Ed Hardy flip - flops on her exceptionally large feet .
She never takes the Louis Vuitton bag off her shoulder or the Chanel sunglasses off her head .
I find myself wondering what kind of guy would pay almost $ 300 for an hour with this woman .
Then I feel guilty .
We get our putters and balls  she picks a purple ball ; I pick orange  and make our way out to the course .
I stop for a scorecard and a pencil .
" Nah , we do n't need to keep score , " she says .
" Let 's just play .
Did n't you want to ask me some questions or something ?
And I 'm going to need my donation up front . "
I hand over the $ 80 I have left after paying for two rounds of golf .
My first question :
Why did n't any of the girls I called want to take an afternoon off and go play miniature golf ?
" Escorts do n't do anything for free , " she explains as we line up our balls at the beginning of the first hole .
" Who 's to say you are n't some guy just like all the other weirdos out there but your role - play fantasy is to play a reporter doing an interview ? "
Hmmm .
That 's someone 's fantasy ?
Nobody wants to get ripped off and give anyone anything for free when she could be getting something , she says .
" Time is money in this business . "
At the second hole , she tells me how she came to her current station in life :
She moved to Florida from Nebraska for college .
She wanted to get out of the cold and live near the beach .
Apparently , she did not consult a map before choosing a school in Lakeland , which is several hours from the water .
In college , she was a business major , and she just graduated in May .
During her senior year , she signed up for a website called SexyJobs.com , an adult employment site that matches men and women with pornographers and agents .
She started with porn because it enabled her to work as little as twice a month and still pay all of her expenses .
Now 22 , she moved to South Florida to work with a porn agency but says the money ran out quickly .
" There is a lot of money for girls when they first start in porn , " she tells me , trying to putt through a snaking corridor of artificial turf .
" I could make $ 900 in a few hours .
But once a girl has appeared in a few places , they do n't want to pay her as much , unless you 're some superstar like Jenna Jameson . "
With $ 60,000 in student loans coming due soon , she says she needed more money .
She looked through hundreds of escort ads , gauging how much she might be worth .
" I set a high price because I thought I could get it . "
She averages four calls a day , working six days a week .
A higher price also means a generally higher quality of clientele .
Most of her calls are from doctors and lawyers .
They 're the ones who can afford that kind of cash , she says as she scoots her ball casually with her foot .
" Hey , that 's cheating , " I say with a playfully stern tone .
" Yeah , I 'm a cheater , " she says in a dry , humorless voice .
Sometimes she tells people she 's from Kansas instead of Nebraska because Kansas sounds more innocent and Midwestern , she says .
Even if she is n't having fun playing minigolf , rushing through each hole , Britney does n't seem to mind sharing her wealth of professional expertise .
She takes the tone of a college professor as she explains some of the call - girl terminology .
Ads often include what look like alphanumeric codes : GFE , PSE , DATY , BBBJ , K9 , DFK .
Those are all options , she says , like a menu .
GFE stands for " girlfriend experience , " she says , which means the escort can offer more than just a dirty deed .
A GFE might include kissing on the mouth , for example , or role - playing .
The GFE is the promise to at least appear to be enjoying the company and not just the money .
PSE is code for " porn - star experience . "
A step up in intensity from a GFE , a PSE can include dynamic positioning , moaning , and the general showmanship of adult cinema .
The PSE must never be mistaken for " Greek " or " a trip to Greece , " which indicates the prostitute is willing to engage in anal intercourse .
DATY stands for " Dining at the Y , " an indication the woman will receive oral sex .
" I guess because a woman with her legs spread kind of looks like a Y , " she says , leaning on her putter , tilting her head as she thinks .
A BBBJ is a " bareback blowjob , " as opposed to a CBJ , a covered blowjob ( with a condom ) .
LFK is light French kissing .
DFK is deep French kissing .
I ask if anyone has ever asked her to do something she did n't want to do .
She says no , " but I 'm ready to explain that I wo n't do something I do n't want to do . "
Where exactly she will draw that line remains a mystery .
At the 11th hole , we debate whether we may have skipped the eighth hole .
We did .
Britney makes it clear we are not going back .
By hole 13 , we are discussing what she 'd like to do with her life .
" I really like economics and marketing , " she says .
" I 'd like to go back to school and get an MBA and maybe a master 's in economics . "
" What are some of your favorite economic theories ? "
I ask , hoping I might be able to show her that I know words like Keynesian .
" I like more of the micro than the macro , " she says .
" Like price control and things like that . "
One day , she would like to find a way for governments to pay for all the social programs without having to raise taxes .
" Any ideas ? "
" No , not yet , " she says as we approach the 17th hole .
" See , financially I 'm a conservative , but socially I 'm a Democrat .
I have n't even made up my mind on who I 'm voting for . "
Wow , a real - life swing voter .
Still thinking about economics ( and still trying to work in Keynesian ) , I ask , " What 's your dream job ? "
" I 'd like to work for the government one day , " she says , smiling at the thought of a prostitute fashioning economic policy .
" Secretly , I really want to be the next Alan Greenspan . "
The 18th hole consists of two parts .
First , players are to hit their balls under a small cottage , then watch as they pop out a few feet below , near the hole .
Britney hits her ball under the house , lifts her putter , and heads for the door .
" I think we 're supposed to finish down there , right ? "
I point to the landing where her purple ball is resting a few feet from the hole marked " 18 . "
" No , I think this is it , " she says .
Before I can ask if she 'd like anything to drink , she 's out the door , heading for her car , " donation " in hand .
I stand outside Maggie Moo's in Fort Lauderdale for almost an hour waiting to eat ice cream with Mira .
( If there is one thing to be learned from dating prostitutes , it 's that they are not very punctual . )
Finally , she is dropped off by a man driving a scratched - up black SUV .
She 's older than the other women , in her early 50s .
I 'm surprised .
She looks more like a school teacher than a prostitute .
She 's black , has a stern jaw , and never removes her red - framed sunglasses .
She wears a dress that goes down to her ankles and has her hair in thin dreadlocks that cover her shoulders .
I wonder what her clients think when they first see her .
Her hand is damp when we shake .
I grimace a little .
" Well , what kind of ice cream do you feel like ? " I ask , trying to cut through the silence .
Inside , she orders a single scoop of butterscotch with cherries on top .
I have Maggie 's Fudge with Oreo crumbs mixed in .
One of the boys behind the counter pauses as he stares at us , clearly confused .
He decides it 's better not to ask .
We sit in the shade outside .
" Tell me about yourself , Mira . "
She 's slow to speak , thoughtful .
" I 'm going through a time of change , " she says in a patient tone .
She 's been in the business only for a year , she says , since she lost her job at an insurance company .
I ask vague questions , hoping she 'll tell me about her life as a prostitute .
But we never really broach the subject .
Instead , she tells me about her mother , who died a few weeks ago from Alzheimer's .
She was 80 .
" She was such a strong woman her entire life , " Mira says , sliding a sliver of ice cream onto her tongue .
" Seeing her like that , it was n't her .
She did n't recognize anyone .
She was ready to pass . "
Mira moved here from New York a few years ago to take care of her mother when she first got sick .
Medical bills have been so overwhelming for so long , she says .
" I sing and pray when times are hard .
That 's all you can do , really . "
Twenty minutes into the date , I can't help but notice I 'm sitting across from a woman nearly twice my age , listening to her talk about her dead mother .
I 'm trying to be attentive , but it 's hard .
And my ice cream is almost gone .
She 's applying for office jobs every week , she says , but she 's stuck .
For the kind of jobs she wants  and feels qualified for  applicants need a good credit rating .
" I 've been out of a job for a year , so my credit has gone down , " she explains , pushing a cherry with her plastic spoon .
" I can't get good credit without a job , and I can't get a job without good credit . "
Conversation wanes after we finish the ice cream .
She gives me some tips to better my FICO score .
This time , when it comes time to pay her , I am sort of relieved .
Kidnapping and covered blowjobs in a jejune setting I can handle , but death and credit scores ?
I thank her for the date and wish her well in her job search .
Back at the bowling alley that first Friday night , Sophia unzips her Bob Marley sweatshirt , revealing a large tattoo of two linked wedding bands on the left side of her chest .
Beneath one of the rings is a man 's name .
" What 's that ? "
" This is a mistake I made a long time ago , " she said .
" That 's my ex .
It 's a long story . "
So you were married ?
When she takes off her sweatshirt , I notice two large , oblong scars on her right arm .
I 'm afraid to ask .
It 's time for the second game , and we take our first few turns .
" So , tell me about your life , " I say .
" Oh , my real life is crazy .
If I told you , you would n't even believe me . "
" Like what ? "
" Well , I was kidnapped . "
" When ?
By who , er , uh , whom ? "
This game is much slower ; we take long pauses between turns as she elaborates on the kidnapping saga .
It was a spanking fetish call to Miami , she says .
She noticed something odd immediately .
" Honestly , he kind of seemed like he was a gay guy , " she says .
" He was very feminine , and he had this cute little dog .
But I meet a lot of strange people , ya know ?
Who am I to judge ? "
The session started out all right , she says .
Just some straightforward spanking .
But then he started whacking her more aggressively .
Harder .
Too hard .
Then he stopped .
He started apologizing .
He told her that he did n't want her to be too bruised for their trip to Las Vegas .
Then he abruptly shifted tone .
He pulled out a handgun .
" What are you supposed to do ?
I was like , ' I do n't want to go to Vegas .
Why are you doing this ? '
Then he'd be really nice to me for a while .
He would n't let me go , but we 'd eat and talk , and he would n't hit me .
Then out of nowhere , he would start screaming again .
He told me if I was thinking about running that he knew where I lived . "
He beat her on and off from Friday afternoon to Monday morning .
" It was like that scene in Silence of the Lambs , " she says , raising the pitch of her voice to match the kidnapping victim from the movie .
" I was like , ' Do n't make me hurt your dog , mister . ' "
Sophia 's driver told the man he'd called the cops  which of course he had n't .
But the ruse worked .
" Probably the weirdest part of the whole thing , " she says , " as he was letting me go , like right at his door , he went to hand me his gun , like he was telling me , ' It 's a hard world out there  watch out for yourself . '
But right as he was handing it to me , he like remembered that he had been beating me for a couple of days and he should n't exactly be handing me a gun right then . "
Because she was so traumatized , she says , she did n't see any clients for a week .
Except one .
" I had a regular , a psychiatrist , who said he had to see me . "
When she told him what happened , he insisted she recount the event in exhaustive detail .
He even wanted to know what floor they were on .
" That 's the kind of thing he likes .
He 's really crazy . "
She 's seen this psychiatrist on and off for more than a year .
He 's married .
She estimates that about 75 percent of the guys she sees are married .
She explains that sometimes the men come to her , an " incall , " and sometimes she goes to them , an " outcall . "
She gets at least five outcalls a week to go to a client 's place of work , often an office or garage .
" There are a lot of , like , auto mechanics who are working on a hard job and call me up for an outcall .
When I get there , he takes a break and we go into a back room or something .
Then he goes right back to work .
That 's a few times a week . "
An outcall will cost $ 100 to $ 200 .
I ask what her weirdest call was , aside from the kidnapping .
And the reporter who wanted to go bowling .
" This one guy had a balloon fetish , " she says , the long , thin kind clowns use to make balloon animals .
He wanted to watch as she had sex with a balloon ; then he wanted to have sex with her in a room full of balloons .
" Different strokes for different folks , " she says , shaking her head .
She tells me she 's willing to do just about anything if the money is right .
" I 'd rather pee on somebody or something for $ 300 than have to have three regular calls over an entire day . "
I can't bring myself to ask if she 's ever turned anyone down .
Halfway through the second game , Sophia is , for the most part , in a chipper mood .
She 's laughing at my silly jokes .
She 's pretending to be bothered when she misses all the pins .
She flashes her silver smile every time she has a good roll .
I keep noticing , though , that every so often , she sees a family or a happy couple on another lane and disappears briefly from our conversation .
She stares distantly at nothing .
Then , as quickly as it comes , the moment is gone and she 's playful again , telling me a few things she thinks most people do n't know about prostitutes .
One occupational hazard , she says , is cheap men  guys who want to haggle over the " donation " all night .
One particularly odd phenomenon she 's noticed :
The men who ask her to use a strap - on on them  guys who want to be pegged  are the cheapest clients .
" They always want to negotiate the price or tell me they only have so much , " she says .
She shrugs and shakes her head .
" I do n't know what it is , but it 's like every time . "
In the second game , she bowls a 67 and I bowl a 99 .
" Almost 100 , " she says with a laugh .
The dice on her grill sparkle as she smiles .
" That 's always the hardest one to get . "
I buy two Cokes with straws at the bar , and we walk to the other end of the bowling alley to the arcade .
Over a game of air hockey , she tells me about leaving her pimp .
" I really only got with him because he could teach me how to post on Craigslist , " she says , her eyes following the ricocheting puck .
" So I got with him , I got that knowledge for myself  something I can take with me  and I moved on . "
He showed her the ins and outs of Craigslist her first night on the job .
She learned that you can use multiple email accounts to put up more than the five allotted posts a day .
And that the successful girls are the ones who keep the posts going all day .
He also showed her other sites where men cruise for call girls ; some allow men to review and rate women .
" It 's important to work the internet constantly . "
She says she stayed with her pimp for two weeks .
When she dumped him , he chased after her , waving a handgun .
She got away .
After two games of air hockey , we take a short stroll around the arcade .
Sophia asks me about my life .
" So what 's it like being a writer ? " she asks .
" You get to meet a lot of interesting people , " I say .
" Yeah , I like meeting new people , " she says .
Then Sophia spots the claw machine .
She puts her small hands against the glass as she peers in at the stuffed animals .
There are royal bluebirds with orange beaks and cute , furry monkeys and cartoonish elephants .
" I 'm like a pro at this , " she says .
She fidgets with the joystick and practices pushing the red button that activates the claw .
" Want to give it a shot ? " I ask .
When I reach into my pocket for money , she stops me .
" I 'm going to win you that lion , " she says , pointing at a stuffed golden lion about the size of a football .
It has big blue eyes .
She puts in 50 cents of her own and gives it a try .
The claw lifts the lion slightly but comes up empty .
Another 50 cents .
Another nudge .
Another 50 .
This time , the claw hooks one of the lion 's legs , but it still is n't enough to pull up the stuffed animal .
" Do n't worry about it , " I tell her .
" These machines are scams .
They layer everything so nothing will ever come up . "
" I can do it , " she says and loads another 50 .
" And the claw 's too loose .
It ca n't hold most of the prizes . "
" The more money you put in it , the tighter it gets , " she says .
As she pumps quarters into the machine , trying to pull up that gold lion , she tells me how one day she 'd like to go back to school and maybe take classes to be a paramedic or a nurse .
For most of her childhood , she was raised by her great - grandmother in Tampa .
But then , when Sophia was 17 , her great - grandmother got sick .
With nobody else in the family willing or able to take care of her , Sophia dropped out of school to stay at home .
She says that those months taking care of her dying great - grandmother might have been the best , most fulfilling time of her life .
Her dream is to work in a nursing home someday , taking care of human beings when they need it the most .
At some point , she says , she 'd like to be a square .
She wants to get married and have kids .
She hopes to leave behind everything about this life , but she knows every day that her future husband leaves for work , she 'll wonder what he 's really doing .
Each time she takes a turn with the claw , she pulls the lion a little farther .
Her brown eyes widen as it looks like this might be the time .
But on every single try , no matter how close she comes , the claw lets go of the fuzzy lion and she watches as it drops back to its original location .
We walk out toward the parking lot .
What had been a colorful , late - afternoon sky when we entered has turned into the dark of night .
I can tell we 've come to the uncomfortable moment when I am supposed to give her cash .
I pull out all the money I have left : $ 65 .
I feel like maybe it is n't enough .
Then again , maybe it's too much  how horrible could bowling with me really have been ?
Sophia thanks me .
She checks her phone and asks me if I can give her a ride .
She directs me to a La Quinta , where she says she lives and hosts her incalls .
" It 's only $ 88 a night , and it 's pretty nice in there . "
She says she had a great time .
She calls me Sweetie again .
I drive away wondering if she 's thinking about that stuffed lion  still stuck in the machine , lodged snugly in a world of stuffed birds and cotton elephants .
Tangent 's Evergreen 17 is in the running ( heading up the pack , actually ) for most hideous desktop of the year , but if beauty truly is found on the inside , maybe it has a fighting chance at being loved after all .
This all - in - one PC promises an " industry - leading power efficiency at 24 - watts , " arrives with a touch - friendly display and packs a fanless 1GHz VIA Eden processor ( or fan - cooled 1.5GHz VIA C7 ) , an optional SSD with capacity up to 64GB , up to 2GB of RAM and a gigabit Ethernet port .
The unit weighs in at 15.8 - pounds and measures 2.25 - inches deep , though it 'll cost you quite a bit more than other basic desktops at $ 1,195 ( and up ) .
But hey , the warm , fuzzy feeling you 'll get from going easy on Mother Earth is totally worth it , right ? [ Via I4U News
CITIZEN ENGINEER
Citizen Engineer is Ladyada & pt ( Limor Fried and Phillip Torrone ) .
Ladyada is a MIT hacker , founder and engineer at Adafruit .
pt founded hackaday , formerly ; editor at MAKE Magazine , Popular Science , Engadget and 2600 .
We are updating the Citizen Enginner project , more videos coming soon :)
For now , enjoy volume 01 ( 2009 ) - Ladyada & pt
SUMMER ISSUE
2600 - The Hacker Quarterly features the latest CITIZEN ENGINEER article " Patently Hacking . "
Citizen Engineer 2009 was an online video series and comic book / zine about open source hardware , electronics , your right to hack , art and retro hacking by Ladyada and pt .
The video and comic book debuted at " The Last HOPE " conference in New York City in 2009 .
Are you sweltering in the August heat ?
Let s spare a thought this month for our brothers and sisters of the Southern Hemisphere , just coming out of their chilly winter months .
Travel experts say that late August is actually a beautiful time to visit Australia : airfares are still low , the beaches of the north are warm , and even Sydney usually gets up into the mid- to high 60s most days .
( If they used Fahrenheit there , which they do nt . )
Jeopardy !s Ken Jennings apparently has a trip to Australia on his mind this month : he ll be here all August debunking mountains of marsupial misinformation for Woot !
Do Opossums Sleep Hanging from Their Tails ?
Opossums are the only marsupials native to North America , but they are no less mysterious to us than their distant Australasian cousins .
We re not sure whether to say the first syllable in their name .
We do nt know what it means when they  play possum . 
And we are very , very wrong about their tails .
read more 
The following is a statement by the Section Chief of the Record / lnformation Dissemination Section ( " RlDS " ) of the FBI regarding the unsuccessful search for records or facsimiles of records , pertaining the 4 aircraft identified by the FBI and NTSB as being used during terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 or wreckage generated by them , including 2 flight data recorders .
This statement is a defense exhibit for use in an upcoming oral arguments hearing pertaining to a federal court case for records for the 4 aircraft used during the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
SEARCH FOR RECORDS RESPONSlVE
TO PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST
Plaintiff 's original FOIA request sought " documentation pertaining to any formally and positively identified debris " from the aircraft used in the September 11th attacks .
In response to this request , RIDS personnel at FBIHQ understood that any potentially responsive records would have been compiled for law enforcement purposes and would be located in a pending file because of an ongoing law enforcement investigation .
RIDS personnel therefore determined that any records would be withheld in their entirety pursuant to 5 U.S.C.  552 ( b ) ( 7 ) ( A ) .
The FBI then received a copy of plaintiff 's complaint for injunctive relief , later amended , wherein plaintiff requested the FBI to " produce agency records , concerning documentation revealing the process by which wreckage recovered by defendant , from the aircraft used during the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 , was positively identified by defendant ( with the aid of the National Transportation Safety Board ) as belonging to the said aircraft , presumably through the use of unique serial number identifying information contained by the said aircraft wreckage , that was collected by defendant and which defendant has improperly withheld from plaintiff . "
In response to this request , RlDS conducted a search for potentially responsive records at FBIHQ on February 11 , 2008 .
A search of the CRS was conducted using the following subjects : " Airline Debris , " " Debris Identification , " " Commercial Aircraft , " " Aircraft Identification , " " Aircraft Debris , " " Aircraft Wreckage , " " Aircraft , " " Recovered Debris , " " National Transportation and Safety Bureau , " " National Transportation Safety Board , " " NTSB , " " American Airlines , " " American Airlines Flight , " " American Airlines Flight Eleven , " " American Airlines Flight Number 11 , " " American Airlines Flight 77 , " " N334AA , " " N612UA , " " N644AA , " " N591UA , " " Flight 175 , " " Flight 11 , " " Flight 77 , " " Flight 93 , " " Identifying Aircraft Parts , " " Factual Report Aviation , " " Federal Aviation Administration , " " Pentbomb , " " Ground Zero , " " Freshkills Landfill , " and " Fresh Kills Landfill . "
Despite this extensive and detailed search effort , RlDS has been unable to locate any FBI records responsive to plaintiffs request .
RIDS ' search efforts included a verification by the case agent for the investigation .
The case agent stated that since the identities of the four hijacked aircraft have never been in question by the FBI , NTSB or FAA ( evidence collected after September 11 , 2001 has corroborated the fact that American Airlines Flight 11 , United Airlines Flight 175 , American Airlines Flight 77 and United Flight 93 were the aircraft hijacked ) , no records would have been generated responsive to plaintiffs request for documents .
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C.  1746 , I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct , and that Exhibits A - J attached hereto are true and correct copies .
Executed this 8th day of August , 2008
David M. HARDY
Section Chief
Records / Information Dissemination Section
Records Management Division
Federal Bureau of lnvestigation Washington , D.C .
Now here s a whole bucket of really depressing insight .
We ve always known that the architects of the Bush administration have a bit of a hard time distinguishing reality from fantasy , but citing 24 s torture - happy Jack Bauer when talking about interrogation policies is just waaaaayyyy over the damn line .
According to British lawyer and writer Philippe Sands , Jack Bauer  played by Kiefer Sutherland  was an inspiration at early  brainstorming meetings  of military officials at Guantanamo in September of 2002 .
Diane Beaver , the staff judge advocate general who gave legal approval to 18 controversial new interrogation techniques including water - boarding , sexual humiliation , and terrorizing prisoners with dogs , told Sands that Bauer  gave people lots of ideas . 
Michael Chertoff , the homeland - security chief , once gushed in a panel discussion on 24 organized by the Heritage Foundation that the show  reflects real life . 
John
Yoo , the former Justice Department lawyer who produced the so - called torture memos  simultaneously redefining both the laws of torture and logic  cites Bauer in his book War by Other Means .
 What if , as the popular Fox television program  24  recently portrayed , a high - level terrorist leader is caught who knows the location of a nuclear weapon ? 
Even Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , speaking in Canada last summer , shows a gift for this casual toggling between television and the Constitution .
 Jack Bauer saved Los Angeles . 
He saved hundreds of thousands of lives ,  Scalia said .
 Are you going to convict Jack Bauer ? 
That s right .
There are people who actually take the show 24 so seriously that it s a reference point for what to do in reality .
When confronted with conflicting voices , the military who says torture does nt work and Jack Fucking Bauer who says that it does , the administration decided that the made - up guy was the more reliable .
Fantastic .
It s just a shame they went for that and , not , say , Batman .
After all , old Batman s whole thing is that he does what he can to capture the bad guy and then turns them over to law enforcement , rather than punishing the criminal himself .
Just a shame the right does nt call Batman a role model for political ideology .
Oh wait , they do .
For anyone who has nt seen
The Dark Knight , part of the story involves using cell phones to spy on the entirety of Gotham City to find The Joker , as well as creating a sonar map to track their movements .
Most rational people would see this as a somewhat improbable but rather nifty idea in Fiction Land , but conservatives are using this to pump Bush s spying program .
There seems to me no question that the Batman film  The Dark Knight ,  currently breaking every box office record in history , is at some level a paean of praise to the fortitude and moral courage that has been shown by George W. Bush in this time of terror and war .
Like W , Batman is vilified and despised for confronting terrorists in the only terms they understand .
Like W , Batman sometimes has to push the boundaries of civil rights to deal with an emergency , certain that he will re-establish those boundaries when the emergency is past .
I must admit I sat here for a while pondering why in the world these people on the right are turning to movie and television characters as defense and / or inspiration for their ideas , but then it struck me : because they never , ever work that way in the real world .
Nevermind that the odds of being able to just sit there , listening in on 30 million phones ( according to The Dark Knight s count of Gotham s citizens ) and within a few minutes figuring out which voice is your targets , is astronomical , let alone doing it with the tenfold as many Americans .
Nevermind the obvious 4th amendment violations .
Nevermind the breach of privacy and the perpetual feeling of invasion that citizens would have upon knowing that they are never away from the government s eyes and ears .
Nevermind that this has happened before and we saw why and how it goes wrong .
Batman did it , and people like Batman , so that means it s good .
That s a little tidbit , from me to you .
A bona fide piece of Hanlon advice , free of charge .
If , for whatever reason , you re reduced to spotlighting something you saw on television or read in a comic book as justification for whatever stance you have on an issue , there s a pretty damn good chance you need to re-evaluate things .
Most environmentally aware Americans would love a personal organic vegetable garden , but how many people actually have the time to cultivate one ?.
Thanks to a San Francisco - based company called MyFarm , Bay Area denizens can pay a weekly fee to have a backyard garden designed and maintained by professionals .
Customers choose between a Personal Installation ( just enough food for themselves ) and an Owner Member Installation ( enough food for MyFarm to sell to other members ) .
Owner members receive a discounted membership .
The company leaves no gardening detail ignored .
Each garden is tested for toxins and receives a drip irrigation system to automatically water the vegetables .
My Farm even maintains a compost pile and takes care of all pesky weeds that arise .
MyFarm founder Trevor Paque envisions a decentralized urban farm in San Francisco , made up of a network of organic urban vegetable gardens where clients in sunny areas grow tomatoes for those in foggier areas , and those in the foggy parts of town grow broccoli and other cool - weather veggies for those in warmer climes .
Paque and his crew do all work by hand and follow permaculture farming principles to ensure the long - term sustainability of each garden .
Sample garden produce includes artichokes , spinach , squash , sweet peppers , carrots , and peas .
While some people may protest that a service such as MyFarm downplays the importance of individual farming and gardening skills , I believe that this is an important step in creating a local food economy .
After all , in today s era of high food and gas prices , should nt we welcome a service that wants to provide high - quality produce close to home ?
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is a preeminent foreign affairs analyst and hosts " Fareed Zakaria : GPS " on CNN at 1 p.m. ET Sunday .
Fareed Zakaria says the decison by a Turkish court clears a great obstacle to the nation 's development .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Turkey 's top court has narrowly rejected calls for the party and its leaders , including Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and President Abdullah Gul , to be banned from politics .
After days of deliberation in the 4 - month case , the constitutional court 's judges voted 6 - 5 against an indictment accusing Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party of pursuing an Islamist agenda and seeking to undermine Turkey 's staunchly secular constitution .
The court did impose a financial penalty stripping the party of half its public funding next year .
A verdict against the party , known as AKP , which had seen its efforts to lift a ban on the wearing of headscarves in universities overturned by the court this year , had been widely expected in the weeks leading up to the judges ' deliberation amid simmering tensions between government supporters and members of Turkey 's secular political elite .
CNN spoke to world affairs expert and author Fareed Zakaria about these developments .
CNN : Why is Turkey 's court decision important ?
Zakaria :
It clears up one of the great obstacles to Turkey 's forward development .
You 've had a battle between the AK Party , which is very popular , and the ultrasecular establishment in Turkey : generals , judges and some businessmen .
The battle threatened to throw the country into turmoil .
Now , it seems that stability has been restored .
The party wo n't be banned , but it will curtail some of its more overtly Islamic activism .
( Which was not very Islamic , in my opinion , anyway . )
CNN : Is this important beyond Turkey ?
Do n't Miss Fareed Zakaria 's new book
Fareed Zakaria 's new book Fareed Zakaria : GPS
Zakaria : Yes ,
Turkey is the only genuinely liberal democracy in the Muslim world .
If it appeared that it could not strike a balance between religion and politics , it would send a terrible signal .
People around the Islamic world should now take a hard look at Turkey , where the AK Party , which is full of very religious Muslims , is also the most progressive party in the country , passing dozens of liberal , European - style reforms of the economy , legal and social system .
Turkey under the AK Party shows the most inspiring combination of Islam and democracy in the world .
CNN : How does Turkey fit into the region ?
Zakaria : Right now , it is pivotal .
It has good relations with Iran ; in fact , the Iranians hold extensive discussions with the Turks about their nuclear program .
It has growing ties in Iraq ( which is also on its border ) .
It has relations with Israel , which is rare in the Middle East .
The one big problem is that its relations with the United States have frayed over the past few years .
CNN : Why is that ?
Zakaria : Mostly because of the Bush administration .
The Pentagon never forgave Turkey for not allowing a second front ( through Turkey ) for the invasion of Iraq .
The administration did n't understand that Turkey was a real democracy and that its people were opposed to the invasion by 95 percent .
That meant , even though the government wanted to support the U.S. , the motion was defeated in parliament .
We keep saying we want democracy in the Middle East .
Here we had one and could n't accept how it worked !
CNN : What does the future hold for the country ?
Zakaria :
The economy is likely to slow in the short - term , but other than that , things are looking up for Turkey .
Its negotiations with the European Union are moving well , relations with the U.S. will probably improve , and its position in the region is getting stronger .
It is a major regional power .
All About Turkey  Islam
KFDA Newschannel 10
July 5 , 2008
FBI Agents could soon be allowed to investigate Americans without any evidence of wrongdoing , according to the Justice Department .
Justice Department officials say FBI Agents would rely on a terrorist profile that could single out Muslims , Arabs or other racial groups .
Randall County District Attorney James Farren says this announcement by the Justice Department really does nt change anything in relation to the personal rights of citizens .
Traditionally the FBI has been more restrictive than other agencies .
All this does is put them on a level playing field with other agencies .
Some of the other factors that could make someone the subject of an investigation 
Recent travel to places known for terrorist activity , access to weapons or military training .
The purpose of giving FBI these extended privileges  .
Making it easier for them to meet Congressional demand for security following the September 11th attacks .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The early part of 2008 saw continued low temperatures in some regions
This year appears set to be the coolest globally this century .
Data from the UK Met Office shows that temperatures in the first half of the year have been more than 0.1 Celsius cooler than any year since 2000 .
The principal reason is La Nina , part of the natural cycle that also includes El Nino , which cools the globe .
Even so , 2008 is set to be about the 10th warmest year since 1850 , and Met Office scientists say temperatures will rise again as La Nina conditions ease .
TEMPERATURES - KEY FACTS
Temperatures given as variations from 1961 - 1990 average Warmest on record - 1998 - +0.515C Coldest on record - 1862 -
- 0.616C From 2001 to 2007 , varied between +0.400 and +0.479C 2008 January to June - +0.281C Data from Hadley Centre
" The big thing that 's been happening this year is La Nina , which has lowered global temperatures somewhat , " said John Kennedy , climate monitoring and research scientist at the Met Office 's Hadley Centre .
" La Nina has faded in the last couple of months and now we have neutral conditions in the Pacific , " he told BBC News .
Scientists at the World Meteorological Organization have also suggested that 2008 will turn out to be cooler than the last few years .
Breaking the ice La Nina cools waters in the eastern Pacific Ocean , but its effects are felt around the globe .
It is one of a number of natural climatic cycles that can re-inforce or counteract the warming trend stemming from increased levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
LA NINA EXPLAINED La Nina translates from the Spanish as " The Child Girl " Refers to the extensive cooling of the central and eastern Pacific Increased sea temperatures in the western Pacific mean the atmosphere has more energy , and frequency of heavy rain and thunderstorms is increased Typically lasts for up to 12 months and generally less damaging event than the stronger El Nino
More on La Nina and El Nino Earlier this year , one group of researchers suggested that another natural cycle , the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation , was likely to hold temperatures steady for about the next decade , before reversing direction and allowing a renewed warming .
" The principal thing is to look at the long - term trend , " said Dr Kennedy .
" 2008 will still be significantly above the long - term average .
There 's been a strong upward trend in the last few decades , and that 's the thing to focus on . "
One of the starkest effects of rising temperatures has been the rapid loss of summer Arctic sea ice , which has accelerated since the year 2000 .
Earlier in the year , there were indications that 2008 could see even more ice lost than in the record - breaking melt of 2007 .
Currently , the ice appears to be holding together better than a year ago , although scientists are wary as much of it is relatively fragile ice that formed in a single winter .
Canadian authorities have just declared that the Northwest Passage is " navigable " , though acknowledging that some parts of it still contain floating ice .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Paris Hilton is finally slinging some mud back at " that white haired dude " who used her image in a political attack on Obama -- she just needed a team of comedy writers to do it .
The McCain campaign moved its top officials inside Gov. Sarah Palin 's operation Sunday to prepare for what is certain to be the most important event of her vice - presidential campaign : her debate on Thursday with Democrat Joe Biden .
Additionally , at the urging of the Republican presidential nominee , Sen. John McCain , Gov. Palin will leave late Monday for his Arizona ranch to prepare for the high - stakes debate .
The ...
RHINEBECK , N.Y. , Nov. 19 ( UPI ) --
A financial crisis will likely send the U.S. dollar into a free fall of as much as 90 percent and gold soaring to $ 2,000 an ounce , a trends researcher said .
" We are going to see economic times the likes of which no living person has seen , " Trends Research Institute Director Gerald Celente said , forecasting a " Panic of 2008 . "
Advertisement
" The bigger they are , the harder they 'll fall , " he said in an interview with New York 's Hudson Valley Business Journal .
Celente -- who forecast the subprime mortgage financial crisis and the dollar 's decline a year ago and gold 's current rise in May -- told the newspaper the subprime mortgage meltdown was just the first " small , high - risk segment of the market " to collapse .
Derivative dealers , hedge funds , buyout firms and other market players will also unravel , he said .
Massive corporate losses , such as those recently posted by Citigroup Inc. and General Motors Corp. , will also be fairly common " for some time to come , " he said .
He said he would not " be surprised if giants tumble to their deaths , " Celente said .
The Panic of 2008 will lead to a lower U.S. standard of living , he said .
A result will be a drop in holiday spending a year from now , followed by a permanent end of the " retail holiday frenzy " that has driven the U.S. economy since the 1940s , he said .
LA CROSSE , Wisconsin ( CNN ) -- Give Brad Williams a date , and he can usually tell you not only what he was doing but what world events happened that day .
He can do this for almost every day of his life .
Brad Williams has hyperthymestic syndrome , experts say , and remembers what he did on allmost every day of his life .
Williams is one of only three people in the world identified with this off - the - charts autobiographical memory , according to researchers at the University of California - Irvine who gave the condition its name : hyperthymestic syndrome , from the Greek words for excessive ( hyper ) and remembering ( thymesis ) .
Unlike most people whose memories fade with time , much of Williams ' life is etched indelibly in his mind .
" It 's just there , " said Williams , 51 , who reports the news for a family of radio stations in La Crosse , Wisconsin .
The California researchers are studying Williams and the two others with hyperthymestic syndrome , a man in Ohio and woman in California , hoping to gain new insights into how a superior memory works .
The goal of the study is to find a way to help people with failing memory .
Williams did n't realize how exceptional his memory was until his brother Eric told him about an article published two years ago in the journal Neurocase , describing a woman referred to by the initials , A.J .
" My brother in California saw this and said , ' She sounds like you .
Why do n't we talk to the folks at Irvine ? ' "
Williams said .
At Irvine , researchers quizzed Williams , as they have the two other hyperthymestics , about a series of dates , asking for the corresponding event , and vice - versa .
" The speed with which they do this is part of why I find this so amazing because it seems to indicate there 's no -- or not much -- intentional calculation going on .
It 's boom , boom , boom , there 's the answer , " said Larry Cahill , a fellow at the university 's Center for the Neurobiology of Learning and Memory .
" Remember , these are questions they had no idea what we 're going to ask them . "
Now researchers are using an MRI to create three - dimensional pictures of the hyperthymestic brain .
They want to see whether any brain structures differ in size , compared with the average brain .
Cahill and his colleagues are still going over the results but it appears some structures in the prefrontal cortex are substantially larger in hyperthymestics .
The prefrontal cortex sits at the front of the brain and has been associated with complex thinking , not learning or memory .
Do n't Miss Jolting the brain fights deep depression
Cahill said he hoped others with this extraordinary ability will come forward .
" I hope that we can identify as many of these people as possible because the more we identify and the more we study the greater the likelihood that we are going to really figure out fundamental new things about brains and memory that we would have never figured out without them , " Cahill said .
Flipping through a family photo album with him it was astonishing how much Williams recalled , going back decades .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Brain and nervous system
Asked about one black and white picture taken in the Badlands of South Dakota , he remembered exactly when it was taken : Tuesday , July 28 , 1964 , the same day as a trip to Mount Rushmore .
He also remembered that the temperature reached 100 degrees and that they tried to keep Funny Face drinks cool in a Thermos in the back of the car .
Cahill said Williams and the other hyperthymestics do n't do any better than average on standard memory tests , nor are they savants , a condition where one extraordinary mental ability is accompanied by deficits in other areas .
In this age of instant information , what can you do with phenomenal recall ?
" I do n't really know .
I 've thought about it for years , " said Williams , the 1969 Wisconsin Spelling Bee champion .
Williams appeared on " Jeopardy ! " but finished second .
For now , Williams said he is content knowing research into his memory might help others .
" That would be the ultimate goal . "
David S. Martin is a senior producer with CNN Medical News .
This week , alleged game pirates in the UK have been condemned to the ruination of huge fines and misery .
Well , not quite .
See , if defendants do n't turn up in court , it 's easy to get a default judgment and huge damages because no - one contests the evidence .
So what 's the truth and what evidence do the lawyers really have ?
First things first .
Remember the single mother - of - two in the news this week who picked up a   16,000 fine for sharing Dream Pinball 3D ?
You must ve heard about it  it s touted as a  landmark decision  in dozens of redundant news articles , which indicated the world caving in on file - sharers in the UK and signaling that everyone contacted by lawyers Davenport Lyons ( working for the games industry against alleged sharers ) over the last year or so were doomed to a huge fine .
Let s get something clear .
The defendant , Isabella Barwinska , did nt turn up in court  that s according to Simon Perry over at Digital Lifestyles :
 The text [ in the article ] was from the official comment that I received from Davenport s PR company Bell Pottinger ,  he told us .
And here it is :
The initial default judgment was made against her was at the London County Court on 27 May .
Subsequently the Patents County Court in London handed down damages of   6,086.56 plus costs and disbursements of  10,000 .
For those still unconvinced , this Channel4 news report states clearly that Miss Isabella Barwinska , the recipient of this huge penalty , did not defend herself , she did not respond to letters and her side of the story has never been heard .
Thankfully , not every news outlet fell for the  landmark victory  line .
Just in case this still is nt clear ( please forgive me for this reiteration but it s vital ) :
It was impossible for her to win her case so this defeat ( default judgment ) means little for the other people facing these accusations who actually have a defense .
Davenport Lyons picked on six individuals who did nt mount a defense , and so far , they have default judgments from four of them at least .
Many of those that responded and denied the claims , just as we previously reported , have been left alone .
It seems likely that yesterday s announcement that Davenport Lyons will now go after 25,000 other alleged sharers was perfectly and deliberately timed to ride on the momentum from the news of this  landmark  win , which in reality , was the legal equivalent of shooting a dead fish in a barrel .
Evidence and Damages
So what do Davenport have in their evidence arsenal ?
Well , not enough to take on someone who is prepared to defend themselves , or so it seems .
Also , how do they calculate these crazy damages ?
Well , they claim damages of whatever they like and with no - one there to challenge them , its simple to get stupid amounts awarded .
TorrentFreak has received information which lay everything bare and of course , we share it with our readers .
Let s start with what Davenport Lyons do nt know , because their highly controversial ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) anti-piracy tracking company Logistep cant tell them :
Davenport does nt know if the defendant copied the work to his hard drive or allowed someone else to do it for him .
They have no idea ( and admit it ) how many times the game was uploaded to 3rd parties on P2P networks , or even if it was at all .
They admit to not knowing how long the defendant made the work available and actually admit that it may have been only made available for a second , which is interesting since we have seen documents where Davenport claim that Logistep download a full copy of each game in every case .
At the time , we thought that to be completely unfeasible and it now seems that was indeed the case .
This adds weight to the theory that Logistep did nt even verify that the file offered for download was the actual file in question .
Based on information provided by Logistep , they say they can prove one second of  making available  .
However , they multiply this out to a whole day of  making available  for the purposes of damages calculation , while insisting on the one download = one lost sale argument .
Interestingly , defendants do nt have to be seeders to get logged since Davenport state that by default , every downloader is also an uploader , a mistake we have reported on before .
Davenport s damages formula
The calculation for damages is entirely based on the data provided Logistep after they recorded users sharing Dream Pinball 3D during the monitoring period between 24th September 2006 and 6th November 2006 , a period of 43 days .
The calculation for damages is made as follows :
(A) Estimated number of days file was uploaded by the Defendant x ( B ) Estimated number of downloaders Defendant made game available to per day x ( C ) Profit lost per download = total damages
It is assumed by Davenport that one download equals one lost sale .
In the case of Dream Pinball 3D , Logistep monitored for a total of 42 days ( 1 day of the 43 was discounted on database issues ) , gathering around 22,500 IP addresses .
Logistep logged all the countries of people in the swarm and added up all the IP addresses over the monitoring period .
It then singled out the IP addresses located in the UK ( around 800 ) , but when Davenport went to court to force the ISPs to hand over the details of the alleged sharers , they discovered that due to dynamic IP addresses , less than half were  unique  users .
This means that all the headlines of Davenport nailing 800 so - called pinball pirates were actually inflated by 100 % .
Interestingly , it s also been revealed that some ISPs could nt supply the information Davenport asked for , so these cases were dropped .
As only around 50 % of the IP addresses were unique , for the purpose of damages calculation the number of IP addresses collected during the monitoring period was cut in half .
This amount is then divided by the number of days monitored ( 42 ) to get the number of daily downloaders .
It is claimed that the profit lost on each game is 10 Euros .
So the formula for calculating damages is : Estimated total days file was uploaded by the defendant multiplied by the average number of downloaders defendant ( could have ) made work available to per day , multiplied by the profit it claims to have lost on each download ( 10 euros ) .
Note that the first two variables are estimates , not backed by any evidence .
It s unclear whether or not a user logged for multiple  seconds  on multiple dates would incur more damages , but the size of the damages element awarded against Miss Barwinska  more than  6000 ( $ 12,000 )  raises a few questions .
The final claim is for the damages , plus interest , plus costs , which can come to around   16,000 ( $ 32,000 ) if you do nt bother to defend yourself , as Miss Barwinska has discovered .
For all the other recipients of these letters , little has changed as a result of this default judgment .
None of the evidence has even been contested in court , which considering its nature is probably a good thing  for Davenport at least .
Andrew Murray , senior lecturer in Law at the London School of Economics earlier referred to Davenport s tactics as  bullying  .
Now it seems that the people Davenport picked on for these cases never tried to defend themselves , the word  bully  seems more appropriate than ever .
For Press inquiries , contact us here
Edwin Toonen Edwin is a strategic content specialist .
Before joining Yoast , he spent years honing his skill at The Netherlands  leading web design magazine .
We ve seen it happen so often .
You have a great blog , and at some point , you decide to go for a new look and feel .
There are a couple of things you ll look at , usually in the order : layout / look and feel , usability , and optionally , room for advertising .
If the theme meets your needs in all two or three of these points , you might download and install it .
If that sounds familiar , this post describes how to find the perfect WordPress theme !
New to WordPress ?
Our FREE WordPress for beginners training is here to help .
Find out how to set up your own site , learn the ins and outs of creating and maintaining it , and more .
This training is part of our free training subscription , take a look at all our online SEO training subscriptions !
A theme has quite a few things to take care of , and a lot of themes miss out on these .
This overview should help to keep you out of trouble when you re looking for a new theme .
If you re thinking of installing a new theme , please give the following points a thought .
Keep in mind ; your new theme should be accessible , compatible , customizable , integrable and standards compliant .
Define your needs
Whether you are in the market for a free theme , a premium theme or want to hire a developer to build one especially for you , the first step is always the same : define your needs .
Write down what the theme should do , now and in the future .
You might not need an eCommerce shop at this time , but what about in a year from now ?
What should your site look like ?
Which pages do you need ?
What types of content are you planning to publish ?
Once you have a clear picture of the requirements , you have a better chance of finding your dream theme .
Find a trusted reseller or developer .
How s the support ?
Should you build a theme yourself ?
Or will a general free theme do ?
The discussion on whether a premium theme is better than a free theme continues to rage on .
Both sides have their merits .
There are loads of crappy free themes , but there are just as many crappy premium themes .
What you should do is find a reseller or developer that you trust .
Look for social proof ; how many reviews does a theme get ?
Is there an active message board ?
When did it receive its last update ?
In general , every theme on WordPress.org underwent scrutiny , so they are safe to use .
But that does nt mean they re awesome .
Theme resellers offer loads of premium themes in varying degrees of awesomeness .
But just because you pay for them , does nt necessarily make them better than free themes .
In addition to that , since you only receive the files when you pay for a theme , there s no way to check the quality upfront .
Despite social proof , it s still a leap in the dark .
How flexible is the theme ?
A static theme wo nt do you any good when you want to change the page layout in a couple of months .
Make sure to choose a theme that is flexible in its appearance as well as its functionality .
Do nt choose a design that screams for full - width images when you only need a well - presented place to write your poetry .
Check what happens to a theme when you turn off all massive images ; does it still function ?
And is it possible to change colors , fonts and other visual elements ?
Many themes , like Total , come with a number of demo examples that give you an idea of all the different styles it can handle .
Your WordPress theme should have ample room for widgets , plus it should support featured images and offer multi-language support .
Lots of themes have a page builder on board ; these help you construct your bespoke layout .
But , this is something you should be careful with because these could generate less than stellar code that hinders your SEO .
Which post and page templates does the theme support ?
Another way to keep things flexible is for a theme to offer multiple posts and page templates .
That way , you could start off using a basic template with a main content area and a left sidebar , but have the flexibility to change to a full - width content area or one of the many other options .
If a theme has only two choices , that might become problematic in the future .
Pick a theme with enough sensible templates .
Does it function as a parent / child theme ?
Parent and child themes are a great combo .
If you use any of the theme frameworks like heavy hitter Genesis , you know how powerful these are compared to regular themes .
A child theme gets its functionality from a parent theme .
So if you re making changes to your child theme , the parent wo nt see these .
You wo nt break the parent theme if you make a mistake .
The same goes for updates ; if you update your parent theme , which happens often , it wo nt wipe the changes you ve made to your theme because it s a child and does nt contain the functionality .
Whether you need a theme framework depends on your needs .
Almost all WordPress projects will benefit from a theme framework , but it might be overkill if you only need a tiny amount of its functionality and you know exactly what kind of theme you need .
Watch out for theme bloat
Many themes are bloated , and this will increase loading time .
If the developer of a particular theme included everything but the kitchen sink , you might get a feature - complete product but an insanely complicated one as well .
Try to find a theme that offers everything you need , instead of everything there is .
Your theme should be lean and mean .
See the next point .
Check site speed and mobile - readiness
In this day and age , mobile - friendliness is imperative .
In addition to that , your site and its theme should load as fast as possible .
Choosing a lean and mean theme will certainly help in this regard .
Check the responsiveness of a theme and run a Google mobile - friendliness test .
You could also enter the address of the theme s demo site in Google s PageSpeed tool to see if there are particular loading issues .
However , this is just an indication , since you can only judge the real loading speed of your theme when it s running on your server .
Is the theme s SEO in order ?
While Yoast SEO fixes a lot of WordPress  SEO issues , a good theme helps a lot .
Most WordPress themes will claim SEO - friendliness , but make sure to check it .
Find out if the theme s code is nice and clean or an intangible mess .
Has it been updated recently ?
And will it be supported in the future ?
How many JavaScript libraries does the theme depend on ?
Does it support Schema.org structured data ?
If you re eyeing a free theme , make sure there are no hidden links to the developer s website , as this can hurt your SEO efforts .
In general , keep Google s Webmaster Guidelines in mind when hunting for SEO - friendly themes .
Is the theme s code valid ?
Many a theme author is more of a designer than a coder , and thus they sometimes hack around until it finally looks the way they want , without bothering to check whether the code they ve written is valid HTML .
If it s not , current or future browsers might have issues rendering the content correctly .
You can check whether the code is valid by using the W3 C s validator .
Test , test , and test again
Once you ve chosen your favorite new WordPress theme , it s time to kick it into gear .
Start with a development setup to test your new theme through and through .
Run every type of test you can think of .
This might be a security check with the Sucuri plugin or a theme check with the Theme Check plugin .
Load your site with dummy data from wptest .
io to see if every element is represented and functioning .
Run pagespeed and mobile - friendliness tests to see if problems arise .
Fix the issues , or find a new theme .
Bonus checks
That s just to get you going .
There s a lot of stuff you can check before you install your brand - new theme .
Start with these three checks , if you will :
Hooks
WordPress plugins use so - called  hooks  to be able to perform their designated tasks .
These hooks allow for instance to add extra output , tracking codes , etc .
A lot of issues with plugins will arise for you when a theme author forgets to add these hooks .
This is how to check for them :
1 . In header . php , it should have a small piece of PHP code that looks exactly like this wp_head ( ) ; or this do_action ( ' wp_head ' ) ; , usually just before a piece of HTML that looks like this : </ head > .
2 . In footer . php , it should have another small piece of PHP like this wp_footer ( ) ; , or this do_action ( ' wp_footer ' ) ;
3 . In comments . php and / or comments - popup.php , it should have a piece of code like this : <? php do_action (' comment_form ' , $ post ->ID ) ; ?> , just before the < / form > HTML tag .
Template files
Another wise thing to do when you re changing themes is to compare theme files .
If for instance , your current theme has an author .
php file , which contains the template for your author profiles , and your new one does nt have that , that might be an unpleasant surprise when you install the theme .
The files you should be checking for in your old and new theme :
home .php : the homepage template .
single .php : the template for single posts .
page .php : the template for pages .
category .php : the template for category indexes .
author .php : the author template , used when someone wants to find all posts by a certain author .
date .php : the date template , used when someone tries to look at for instance a certain month of posts on your blog .
archive .php : this template is used when either category .
php , author . php or date .
php is nt there .
search .php : used when someone searches on your blog , a very important template to look at if you re concerned about usability , and whether people can find posts on your blog .
404.php : used when WordPress cant find a certain post or page , this is a very important template file to have !
How is your theme handling titles ?
You should check how your current theme is handling page titles in the file header .
php .
You can find it within the < title > HTML tags .
If the title tag differs , you might want to check out why and what happens when you enable your new theme .
Sometimes it s for the better ( for instance , because it turns around blog description and page / post title ) , but you have to make sure up front !
It will probably look something like this :
< title ><? php bloginfo(  name  ) ; ?> <? php wp_title ( ) ; ?></ title >
If it does , you ll be a lot better to change it to :
< title > <? php wp_title ( ) ; ?></ title >
Now Yoast SEO can take care of all the titles .
We have a great article that you can read if want to know more about crafting good titles .
If your theme does all of this correctly , you should be quite ok .
Good luck with your new theme , and if you have any tips on other things to check , please share in the comments !
Read more :
Why every website needs Yoast SEO 
I will tell you having visited Israel just a month and a half ago , their general attitude is ,  We will not allow Iran to get a nuclear weapon . 
My job as president would be to try to make sure we are tightening the screws diplomatically on Iran , that we mobilize the world community to go after Iran s nuclear program in a serious way .

We have to do it before Israel feels its back is against the wall .
 Barack Obama , August 25 , 2008
The candidate of  change ,  having just selected the ultimate Washington insider as his running mate , again makes clear how thoroughly he embraces the Lobby and the foreign policy establishment .
He might have said :
Well , as I understand it , the National Intelligence Estimate of November 2007 , which represents the consensus of 16 U.S. intelligence agencies including the CIA , stated with a high degree of confidence that Iran does not have a nuclear weapons program .
Some Bush administration officials , especially those around Vice President Cheney , act as though they know that there is one and it threatens the whole world .
But they ve pulled that act before , have nt they ?
scaring us all about Saddam s weapons of mass destruction which , it turned out , did nt exist .
I visited Israel a month and a half ago , and I know there are some people there who see Iran as their main enemy .
They d like the U.S. to bomb Iran .
But I frankly question their judgment .
My foreign policy will be based upon my administration s assessment of America s interests , which do not include antagonizing more Muslim nations or reinforcing the perception that the U.S. gives Israel everything it wants , even as it ceaselessly expands illegal settlements on the occupied West Bank and  lets s speak frankly  treats Palestinians as blacks in South Africa were treated under apartheid .
I d like to remind you that in the summer of 2003 the Iranian government through the Swiss ambassador to Tehran proposed talks with the U.S.
The Iranians were willing to exchange support for the Arab League proposal for a two - state solution in Israel / Palestine , withdrawal of military support for Hamas and Hizbollah , and resolution of U.S. concerns about its nuclear program in exchange for normalized diplomatic and trade relations with the U.S. Although Secretary of State Colin Powell was interested in the offer , Vice President Cheney rejected it out of hand .
The initiative was not even reported in the press at the time .
We need to revisit that moment .
We need to engage the Iranians .
We need to question the neocon propaganda machine which , having circulated so much disinformation about Iraq is now doing the same about Iran .
We need to call these guys out on their fear - mongering , their wild references to World War III and a  nuclear holocaust . 
Some say we need to  tighten the screws  diplomatically .
But we really need to question the premises behind the sanctions we ve enacted to date .
There has nt been any debate in this country about how to relate to Iran .
It has nt been possible , politically , to say :  Maybe Iran is not a threat to U.S. security . 
It has nt been popular to point out the obvious : Iran supports the al - Maliki government in Iraq , just as we do , and the Karzai government in Afghanistan , just as we do .
Rational analysts point out that even if the entire U.S. intelligence community is wrong , and Iran is poised to acquire nuclear weapons soon , it would nt use them against Israel .
Iran is a long ways from Israel , has no territorial issues with Israel , no national interest in attacking Israel .
Reports of anti-Semitism in Iran appear exaggerated , for political reasons .
( Iran s Jewish community is the largest outside of Israel in the Middle East and has representation in the Iranian parliament . )
Israel unlike Iran is a nuclear power .
Unlike Iran it has nt signed the Nonproliferation Treaty and refuses IAEA inspections .
It has about 200 nuclear weapons that could respond to an Iranian attack with apocalyptic ferocity .
Frankly I think the Israeli leaders are hypocritical in saying that they  ca nt allow 
Iran to get a nuclear weapon .
Whoever allowed them to get theirs ?
They may feel that their backs are against the wall , but how do you suppose the Iranians feel , when the Bush administration has been saying for years it reserves the right to attack them , even using nukes ?
Advocates of a  preemptive  attack on Iran charge that Iranians are somehow suicidal , irrational , willing to suffer millions of deaths of their countrymen in order to annihilate Israel .
But this is an irrational and indeed racist characterization of the Iranian people .
My job as president will be to make a clean break with the Bush administration s foreign policy based on lies and fear - mongering .
I would do our Israeli friends no favor if I capitulated to the propaganda and paranoia and continued this disastrous neocon strategy of regime change throughout the Middle East .
I stand for change in foreign policy , change in how we think about foreign relations .
I stand for mutual respect and dialogue , not the arrogance of the Bush White House summed up in Cheney s statement ,  we do nt negotiate with evil , we defeat it . 
We have to humbly understand that many people around this world think the United States is evilfor going to war and killing hundreds of thousands for no good reason .
We need to understand that Iranians and Russians a whole lot of other folks think their backs are up against the wall because of reckless , provocative U.S. actions .
As the candidate of change , I repudiate the strategy of aggression and culture of lies that have undermined American democracy .
I ask you to vote for me as the candidate of peace .
Of course he ca nt do that .
Because in this  democracy  his hands are tied .
No powerful news editor in the mainstream media , employed by General Electric , Time - Warner , Murdoch , Verizon or Disney would treat such a statement as anything other than an expression of wild - eyed leftwing extremism ( if not anti-Semitism ) .
Real debate is not possible outside the catacombs of the internet .
It s an iron law of the system : any candidate of change , having acquired an enthusiastic mass base through the raising of false hopes , has to at some point become the standard - bearer of the status quo .
The candidate flushed with victory cynically expects serious supporters to stay on board the program  even as the program looses all but symbolic and rhetorical content .
The ultimate message : Voting for me is the best you can do .
Forget any immediate withdrawal from Iraq , which I see as a strategic blunder , but not a war crime .
Forget any rapprochement with Iran , or rethinking of Middle East policy , because I , like my vice presidential nominee Joe Biden , am intimidated by the Israel Lobby .
Settle for a Bush Lite administration  no surprises , nothing radical , more troops to the real war in Afghanistan and maybe Pakistan .
This is a country of 300 million people , many of us really paying attention to events .
We re presented with a choice .
One presidential candidate who s unable to answer a question about how many homes he owns ; states publicly that Iran is supporting al - Qaeda ; and surrounds himself with neocon advisors who want a permanent U.S. military presence in Iraq , want to bomb Iran , and want to provoke conflict with Russia .
Another candidate ( there being two , under our system ) who boasts that he opposed the Iraq War but hedges on the issue of withdrawal , talks hawkish on Afghanistan , threatens to assault Pakistan , wants to  further isolate Russia ,  and keeps an Iran attack  on the table  because he thinks Israel s back is against the wall .
In fact it s we , the American people , who have our backs against the wall .
The screws are tightening on us  we who get screwed every four years , routinely .
The candidate of  change  and the candidate of  country  stand together in pledging allegiance to a conception of reality the Israel Lobby endlessly promotes although it clashes at every turn with the actual world .
Candidates cannot say what needs to be said .
There is something fundamentally wrong here .
We are in one of those  times of universal deceit  in which , as George Orwell put it ,  telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act . 
You just ca nt do it if you re running for election , urging the masses to observe the voting rite , demanding they cast their ballots as a statement of compliance and acceptance , while offering us such meager choice .
If the goal were democracy , we could do so much better .
There s no way Obama s going to be accused of being revolutionary , no way the Congress is going to investigate and punish the liars whose hands are covered in blood , no way the mainstream press is going to acknowledge near term what for so many of us are obvious truths .
It falls to others to tell the truth and act against the universal deceit .
Cable Broadband Users , Get Ready For Overage Fees Clear caps ?
Great .
$ 1.50 / GB Overage fees ?
Wait a !@ $ % minute ...
What seemed like a vague industry possibility just a few months ago now seems like an inevitable certainty .
Multiple carriers in North America are now either employing or considering monthly caps where users pay per gigabyte should they " over eat . "
But the move begs a number of questions .
Not least of which is whether opening the door to overage fees invites a broadband future where ISPs use the nebulous specter of " excessive use " as a new piggy bank -- and as a pre-emptive weapon against competing content .
Once we 've agreed to the monetization of " excessive consumption , " what stops ISPs from constantly lowering their definition of " excessive , " while hiking user penalties ?
Earlier this week New York Times , Earlier this week I broke the news that Comcast is considering implementing a 250 GB monthly cap , with a $ 15 penalty for each 10 GB over that cap you travel .
I 've been reading through the various subsequent coverage ( Associated Press CBC ) , and came across this Business Week report .
In it , Time Warner Cable spokesman Alex Dudley confirms they 're still on track to begin testing their own overage system .
If you recall , we also broke the news of that system , which could come with caps as low as 5 GB per month .
The public backlash apparently did n't scare Time Warner Cable away from the project .
While Time Warner Cable and Comcast are still cooking their overage plans , Canadian cable operator Rogers just became the first major North American broadband operator to implement such a system ( 60 GB cap , between $ 1.25 - $ 5 per additional gigabyte ) .
Some smaller U.S. cable broadband providers like Oregon based BendBroadband have also embraced the idea ( 10 - 50 GB cap , $ 1.50 per additional gigabyte ) .
If the caps are generous ( and Comcast 's 250 GB cap is ) , being clear about them is certainly a welcome shift .
However , many caps wo n't be so generous .
And the sudden decision by the U.S. broadband industry to adopt a system where " excessive use " is punished by per -GB charges raises a lot of new questions .
What 's To Keep FiOS From Eating Cable 's Lunch ?
Verizon has thus - far said they Verizon has thus - far said they wo n't cap or restrict their FiOS FTTH service .
With the cable industry suddenly imposing overage charges on high - consumption users , it immediately puts them at further marketing disadvantage to a product they 're already afraid of .
Sure , 250GB is reasonable , but it wo n't be hard for Verizon or AT&T 's ad agency to make cable broadband service seem miserly .
Cable wo n't have to worry about Qwest , who has their own invisible consumption ceiling and has n't invested in fiber to the home .
What Will Keep Caps And Overage Fees Reasonable ?
Honestly , what 's to keep investor pressure from constantly forcing caps downward and overage fees upward ?
Unless you 're living in denial , we can generally agree that most broadband markets in the United States consist of a largely uncompetitive duopoly .
In order to please investors and create consistent quarter over quarter growth , ISPs have been selling everything that is n't nailed down ( your Honestly , what 's to keep investor pressure from constantly forcing caps downward and overage fees upward ?
Unless you 're living in denial , we can generally agree that most broadband markets in the United States consist of a largely uncompetitive duopoly .
In order to please investors and create consistent quarter over quarter growth , ISPs have been selling everything that is n't nailed down ( your personal browsing data and even your typing mistakes ) .
Does anyone really believe that once overages become commonplace , the general trend wo n't be consistently lower caps and consistently higher overage fees ?
Once we 've agreed to the monetization of " excessive consumption , " what stops ISPs from constantly lowering their definition of " excessive , " while hiking user penalties ?
The highly lobbied FCC ?
A bickering Congress ?
A cap that begins as reasonable can quickly become oppressive .
ISP Usage Meters Suck Sorry to be blunt .
Do n't believe me ?
Spend some quality time in our Sorry to be blunt .
Do n't believe me ?
Spend some quality time in our HughesNet or Wild Blue satellite broadband forums talking to users of these services .
Both providers cap monthly use , then throttle customers who exceed consumption limits .
The provided meters for these providers have been so unreliable , many customers have been forced to code their own .
Australia ISP
Telstra created a billing nightmare when they tried to accurately track consumption back in 2002 .
Hopefully Time Warner Cable and Comcast do a better job .
If we agree that independent video is a direct and serious threat to cable television revenue , and we agree that the bandwidth needed for HD services will only grow , then what stops any cable operator from lowering the definition of " reasonable consumption " to deter use of competing HD services ?
Usage Caps and Overages Impact Content Competition
It 's a constant meme thrown out by network neutrality supporters , but it 's true .
The future consists of any number of bandwidth eating services that have n't been invented yet .
The present consists of multiple , independent operators trying to force high - definition content down Comcast 's pipe .
DirecTV is launching an HD - delivery system that uses your bandwidth as a It 's a constant meme thrown out by network neutrality supporters , but it 's true .
The future consists of any number of bandwidth eating services that have n't been invented yet .
The present consists of multiple , independent operators trying to force high - definition content down Comcast 's pipe .
DirecTV is launching an HD - delivery system that uses your bandwidth as a VOD delivery vessel Time Warner Cable 's overage trials involve caps ranging from 5 GB to 40 GB per month .
If we agree that independent video is a direct and serious threat to Time Warner Cable television revenue , and we agree that the bandwidth needed for HD services will only grow , then what stops any cable operator from lowering the definition of " reasonable consumption " to deter use of competing HD services ?
Why Not Just Make Gluttons Pay For a Business - Class Tier ?
Time Warner Cable and Comcast agree that " bandwidth hogs " make up a very small portion of their overall subscriber base .
Comcast pegs the number of bandwidth hogs as the top 0.1 % of their user base ( 14,000 customers out of Comcast 's 14.1 million users ) .
Time Warner Cable argues that 5 % of their subscribers utilize over half of the total network bandwidth .
So why would TWC want to impose a 5 GB cap on lower - tier users ?
Time Warner Cable and Comcast agree that " bandwidth hogs " make up a very small portion of their overall subscriber base .
Comcast pegs the number of bandwidth hogs as the top 0.1 % of their user base ( 14,000 customers out of Comcast 's 14.1 million users ) .
Time Warner Cable argues that 5 % of their subscribers utilize over half of the total network bandwidth .
So why would TWC want to impose a 5 GB cap on lower - tier users ?
These ISPs could simply force these high - consumption users to a more expensive business tier .
Instead , they 're choosing to monetize " excessive consumption . "
This is happening just at a point when their bread and butter income ( TV and its endless rate hikes ) is being threatened by alternative video .
It 's fair to ask whether the move is less about network strain , and more about a pre-emptive strike against competing video delivery systems .
Is This A Prelude To Billing By The Byte ?
I 've talked I 've talked at length with multiple ISP executives who say their companies have no plan to currently shift from a flat - rate pricing model ( the current U.S. standard ) to a bill - by - the - byte model .
The truth is that existing profit margins ( particularly for VoIP ) are very healthy , and many U.S. consumers already feel they pay too much for what they get .
It 's an uphill battle to convince consumers they should pay more , to get less .
The general consensus among executives seems to be that they'd love to migrate to such a model , but they 're afraid of consumer backlash .
But what if you could warm the public to per - byte billing via baby steps ?
What if you could convince Joe consumer that a bandwidth apocalypse is looming thanks to video and P2P , and per - byte billing is a " necessary evil " to save the Internet as we know it ?
This Is About More Than 250GB Being Reasonable
To be clear , I do think having reasonable caps on consumption is vastly superior to nebulous caps , vague enforcement , and the throttling of upstream P2P traffic .
But while I embrace clear caps , I think a shift toward per-GB overages is a dangerous migration that could have serious repercussions down the line for consumers and content competition .
This is a door , once opened , that can't be stepped back through .
To be clear , I do think having reasonable caps on consumption is vastly superior to nebulous caps , vague enforcement , and the throttling of upstream P2P traffic .
But while I embrace clear caps , I think a shift toward per-GB overages is amigration that could have serious repercussions down the line for consumers and content competition .
This is a door , once opened , that can't be stepped back through .
News Jump Stark New Reality In The Telco Business : Dumb Pipes No Longer Cut It ; AT&T Unveils Mix and Match Plans ; + more news AT&T Extends Overage Charge Waiver ; Verizon And T - Mobile Each Insist Their 5G Strategy Is The Right One ; + more news War Of Words Heats Up : T - Mobile Fires Back At Verizon , AT&T ; Amazon Intros Gaming Service To Take On Stadia ; + more news Starlink 's Network Faces Huge Limitations ; AT&T Whines T - Mobile Merger Put Too Much Spectrum In One Place ; + more news WISPs Get CBRS Range As Great As Six Miles At 100 Mbps Speeds ; Windstream Officially Exits Bankruptcy ; + more news Charter Relaunches Free 60 - day Internet And Wi-Fi Offer ; NCTA : FCC Should Stick With 25/3 Speed Threshold ; + more news Comcast Shuts Off Internet for Subs Who Were Sold Service Illegally ; AT&T , Verizon Team To Stop T - Mobile 5G ; + more news California Defends Its Net Neutrality Law ; AT&T's Traffic Up 20 % Despite Data Traffic Actually Being Down ; + more news Are The Comcast - Charter X1 Talks Dead In The Water ? ; AT&T May Offer Phone Plans With Ads For Discounts ; + more news Europe 's Top Court : Net Neutrality Rules Bar Zero Rating ; ViacomCBS To Rebrand CBS All Access As Paramount + ; + more news
----------------------
this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 214 comments
DSLTech5
join:2000 -12-30
San Jose , CA 3 recommendations DSLTech5 Member 250 GB is a lot , mmkay people .
In general we do n't want limits , naturally .
But I 'd be happy to see the hogs pay more or go to another ISP .
Trust me .. at over 250 GB , you are a hog .
I 'm not sure you realize how much this is .
Even if you are doing loads of downloading from newsgroups , that is still at least 100 high - quality divx movies per month , plus hundreds of high - quality MP3s per month , and add onto that regular surfing , streaming video ( which is typically low - bandwidth ) , streaming radio , email ( even spam ) .
Put it all together and it wont even meet that limit .
Hell , throw in a couple ISOs while you 're at it ... how about the latest 2 or 3 games ?
Oh and maybe you want an illegal copy of Nero ?
go for it .
Ubuntu discs ?
Go for it .
In general we do n't want limits , naturally .
But I 'd be happy to see the hogs pay more or go to another ISP .
Trust me .. at over 250 GB , you are a hog .
RARPSL
join:1999-12-08
Suffern , NY 2 recommendations RARPSL Member ANY Overage Charge is excessive W/ O Roll - Over Credits
Since they claim I am paying $ X / Month for Y GB / Month , then any time I do not use my paid for GBs in a month , I am entitled to a Roll - Over of the unused GBs to the next month which must FIRST be used to credit me for using over my monthly allowance BEFORE I should be asked to pay for any so - called excessive / overage charge .
If in one month I only use 75 % of my PAID FOR limit , and the next month I use 115 % , my 2 - month average is still only 95 % so I have NOT exceeded my allowance during that 2 month period .
In fact , since they want an Over - Usage Charge , I can be considered to be entitled to an Under - Usage Rebate .
The Overage Charge should also be based on a prorated amount of the Limit and the Monthly Charge .
IOW : If I go over by 100 % , the total Overage Charge should not be more than my Monthly Charge or it is gouging .
DAYTON , Ohio 
The Obama campaign was already nervous that Senator John McCain might try to steal the show from their big night by letting the name of his running mate selection slip out , and when the McCain campaign announced Thursday that it would run a new television commercial during their convention , those fears intensified .
But when it was finally broadcast , the television advertisement that they had feared would be a knife in their back turned out to be something of a Valentine .
 Senator Obama , this is truly a good day for America ,  Mr. McCain said , talking straight to the camera , in a striking departure from some of the pointed advertisements he has run of late .
 Too often the achievements of our opponents go unnoticed .
So I wanted to stop and say , Congratulations .
How perfect that your nomination would come on this historic day .
Tomorrow , we ll be back at it .
But tonight , Senator , job well done . 
It was just a blip in a day of fevered speculation about just whom Mr. McCain would tap as his running mate , a day in which there were tea leaves to read everywhere but few hard and fast facts .
McCain campaign officials said the campaign had no intention of letting their closely held secret out Thursday .
Much in America is fabricated , too ...
( Natural News )
Are you enjoying watching the fake Olympics ?
By " fake , " of course , I 'm referring to all the fabrications that have emerged since the opening of the event .
Each day , it seems , brings news of yet another fabrication by China .
Here 's a short list of the fabrications that have been discovered so far : Beijing is usually a smog pit with air so polluted that city - dwellers there almost never see the sun .
To artificially clean up the air and create the image that Beijing is a clean city ( it is n't ) , Chinese officials ordered the shutting down of virtually all manufacturing plants , coal - fired power plants , and automobiles .
They 've basically shut down Beijing to create the impression that it's a clean city , and when there 's still smog , they just call it , " mist . "
( Tony Snow could n't have spun it better , huh ? )
All the freedom protestors who might have spoken out against China during the Olympics have been arrested and imprisoned , thereby creating the impression that there is no public dissent in China .
( Need a kidney , anyone ?
Organs are suddenly available ... )
The fireworks displayed during the opening ceremony were faked using pre-programmed computer generated images .
Instead of watching live fireworks , viewers around the world were actually watching 3D computer animation .
Reporters from around the world have all had their internet access censored by Chinese authorities , restricting them from accessing websites that might be " dangerous " ( like sites on religion or meditation ) .
It turns out the beautiful voice singing the opening song of the ceremony did not belong to the face of the girl who was lip - syncing it .
The actual singer , it turns out , was a bit too ugly to represent China , so they faked it and replaced the girl 's face with a cuter - looking girl who lip - synced the whole performance .
Millie Vanilli , anyone ?
Consuming a whopping 12,000 calories a day , Michael Phelps is a junk food junkie powered by empty calories .
While you can get away with that when you 're 23 and exercising six hours a day , if Phelps continues his ingestion of fake food beyond his peak training years , he 'll soon have REAL diabetes and obesity .
Fat makes you float , by the way , so it might actually provide real buoyancy to his swimming career ... The Chinese gymnastics team won gold , helped in part by a tiny gymnast who , according to China 's own media , was 13 years old just nine months ago .
Amazingly , she is now 16 years old , which just happens to be the minimum age to compete in the Olympics .
This astonishing acceleration of aging is , of course , fully denied by Chinese authorities who provided forged passports for the girl to " prove " she was really 16 .
The IOC apparently has no interest in investigating this apparent fraud .
So I hope you 're enjoying the fake Olympics .
Most of the athletes are real , of course .
Their remarkable feats of human artistry , strength , endurance and athleticism are real , but the whole show surrounding it is fake , fake , fake !
It 's all a fabricated show to keep the world occupied while your money , your health and your future is stolen from you by the criminal institutions of the world ( governments , corporations , etc. ) , many of which are actually sponsoring the Olympics .
Now , just in case you think China is the only country engaged in fakery , let me remind you that the United States is just as fake , but in different ways .
In the U.S. :
The war on terrorism is fake :
It was all fabricated to keep the population in a state of fear so they would n't notice their freedoms being stolen away . 
The mainstream media is fake :
The news is largely fabricated or selectively edited to brainwash American consumers into thinking they live in a free country .
Corporate press releases are run as " news " and any real news that threatens big advertisers is routinely censored . 
The money supply is fake :
The U.S. is running on monetary fumes , borrowing trillions from countries like China that actually have REAL money , all while claiming the national debt does n't matter anymore .
( It does . ) 
The housing bubble was fake :
As publicly predicted here on NaturalNews nearly two years ago , the housing bubble was fake , creating false wealth that created the impression that the economy was doing well .
The whole thing was a charade , of course , and now housing values are plummeting and consumer spending is in a tailspin . 
Health care is fake :
There 's no " health " in health care , and the entire disease industry in the United States is based on keeping people sick , ignorant and bankrupt . 
The corporate green movement is fake : Corporations love to act like they 're really " green " even as they continue polluting the planet . 
Even the breasts are fake !
The U.S. is the plastic surgery capital of the world , where moms are now giving their teenage daughters breast augmentation surgery as a high school graduation present .
It 's quite fitting , then , that American viewers who live in a fabricated American reality can watch the fake Olympics by tuning into a fake television network where they can watch a fake opening ceremony that celebrates competition among fraudulent Olympics participants who compete for the only thing that 's still real in this global economy : GOLD !
I learned a lot this weekend .
I called Jules to ask her to come out .
I even offered to make lemonade , even though I m not really that good at it .
She was too busy .
At first I got upset and started to explain how I need her now .
Then she started telling me about all the things going on in her life right now .
I will respect her privacy and not share those things here ; however , I quickly realized that she has a very complicated life of her own and I was not respecting this .
So I apologized .
From there , we talked for hours .
It was like we were children again .
Near the end of the call , she asked how my Mushroom Men were doing .
For nearly two hours , I forgot about them .
Excited , I told her all about the ideas and advice people have given me on the blog and how I am going to go out and find my robot and see what the Mushroom Men are up to .
Then Jules got so solemn , she told me that she thinks I should start on a new robot from scratch and make it the best robot the world has ever seen !
I was so excited that I spent most of today looking photographs on the hypertext Internet  you know , for inspiration .
Then , tonight , Jules had to remind me to update my blog .
When I saw the video we are posting today  I realized I have been wanting to start a new robot all along .
It is so clear now .
It is a blessing that my last project is gone .
Now I can begin new and fresh .
Still , I feel a little sad about my last robot .
She was sleek and full of potential .
I would have enjoyed seeing her fully operational and complete .
But jules reminded me not to dwell on the past .
I am thankful for how full my life is .
I will start a new robot .
However , I must first deal with the crisis at hand .
We still have videos and photographs to share with the world .
Getting the word out is key !
I also have a mission  I must infiltrate the Mushroom Men kingdom and get a status update .
Visitors to my blog have told me that they are encountering Mushroom Men all around the world .
Some claim that they can communicate .
I do not know if I can trust these reports , but as the first person to encounter this life form  I MUST FIND OUT !
Hiroshima 's mayor urged the next U.S. president to support a proposed ban on nuclear weapons Wednesday , as Japan marked the 63rd anniversary of the atomic blast that obliterated this city and killed 140,000 people .
At the ceremony , Hiroshima Mayor Tadatoshi Akiba also announced the launch of a two - year study to gauge the psychological toll of the Aug. 6 , 1945 , attack in the closing days of World War II .
Japan submitted a resolution in the U.N. last year calling for the abolition of nuclear weapons .
Akiba said that 170 nations supported it , with the U.S. as one of only three countries opposed .
" We can only hope that the U.S. president elected this November will listen conscientiously to the majority , " Akiba told a crowd of 45,000 that included survivors , local residents and dignitaries from around the world .
Akiba addressed the crowd with the bombed - out dome of the Hiroshima Peace Memorial looming in the background , and hundreds of doves were released into the air after he finished his speech .
A moment of silence was observed at 8:15 a.m. , which was the time of the blast .
An estimated 140,000 people were killed instantly or died within a few months after the American B - 29 bomber Enola Gay dropped its deadly payload .
Japan 's official death toll of nearly 260,000 includes injured who have died in the decades since .
Three days later , on Aug 9 , 1945 , the U.S. dropped a plutonium bomb on the city of Nagasaki , killing about 80,000 people .
Japan surrendered on Aug. 15 , ending World War II .
Akiba said more needs to be done for the remaining survivors , whose average age is now over 75 .
There are about 244,000 survivors , according to the health ministry .
Many have developed illnesses caused by radiation exposure , including cancer and liver diseases .
Akiba said the two - year study is aimed at creating a complete picture of the damage caused by the bombing , which he said has not yet been revealed even after more than six decades because the effects of the atomic bomb on survivors have for years been underestimated .
" The most severely neglected have been the emotional injuries , " Akiba said , in announcing the new two - year psychological study .
Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda also spoke at the ceremony , emphasizing Japan 's continued policy against using nuclear weapons or allowing them onto its territory .
" '' I , today , here in Hiroshima , again pledge that our country will firmly maintain the three antinuclear principles and take the lead in international society to realize the abolition of nuclear weapons and lasting peace , '' he said .
Some 45,000 people gathered to attend this year 's ceremony in the western Japanese city , including diplomats from 55 countries .
U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki Moon said in a message read by High Representative for Disarmament Sergio de Queiroz Duarte , '' I join you in commemorating the past and affirm my determination to work with you and all people to achieve a peaceful and secure world without nuclear weapons . ''
Among nuclear - power nations , China attended the ceremony for the first time , while Russia participated for the ninth consecutive year .
Meanwhile , Akiba said Mayors for Peace , a group of cities which seek to realize a nuclear - free world by 2020 , proposed a Hiroshima - Nagasaki Protocol in April to supplement the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , calling for an immediate halt to all efforts to obtain or deploy nuclear weapons by nuclear - weapon states .
Among the 2,368 cities which have joined Mayors for Peace as of Aug 1 , London 's new mayor , Boris Johnson , has informed the group that London no longer intends to participate .
The Hiroshima city is now consulting with the London mayor to persuade him to remain in the group , a city official said .
Akiba emphasized that citizens cooperating at the city level can solve man-made problems , noting that world citizens and like - minded countries have achieved treaties banning anti-personnel landmines and cluster bombs .
Japan 's Constitution is '' an appropriate point of departure for a ' paradigm shift ' toward modeling the world on intercity relationships from military and dominance relationships , he said .
The charter 's preamble expresses the country 's determination '' to preserve its security and existence , trusting in the justice and faith of the peace - loving peoples of the world . ''
Akiba said , '' I hereby call on the Japanese government to fiercely defend our Constitution , press all governments to adopt the Hiroshima - Nagasaki Protocol , and play a leading role in the effort to abolish nuclear weapons . ''
He also urged the government to expand support measures for aging atomic bomb survivors including those living overseas .
This year 's memorial service comes amid a series of rulings against the government , with courts recognizing a number of atomic bomb survivors as suffering from atomic bomb - related illnesses , declaring illegal the government 's fixed criteria that has barred many survivors from getting expanded medical benefits .
This year , the names of 5,302 more people recognized as atomic - bomb victims by Hiroshima since Aug 6 last year were added to the cenotaph at the Peace Memorial Park , bringing the total number of the city 's victims to 258,310 .
A total of 243,692 atomic bomb survivors were living in and outside of Japan as of March 31 , with their average age at 75.14 .
 Wire reports
A suspected U.S. missile attack by drone aircraft on Wednesday hit a village in the Pakistani tribal region of South Waziristan where a militant camp was located , Pakistani intelligence officials said .
REUTERS / Graphic
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - A U.S. drone aircraft missile strike that killed five militants and destroyed a container of arms and ammunition on Wednesday was the result of U.S. and Pakistani intelligence sharing , a senior Pakistani official said .
 It shows improving intelligence coordination on the ground ,  said the official , who had knowledge of the operation and spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject .
Officials in charge of voter registration in Virginia seem to be asking for Federal investigation ...
According to this press release from this extremely important battleground state , students are being told that they risk losing their scholarship and tax dependency status if they register to vote in their college , as opposed to home , state .
And surprise , it appears all these warnings are bogus and have one impact and one impact only : to suppress voter turnout among college - aged people , who are overwhelmingly supporting Obama this year .
Memo to Virginia : that 's illegal .
InsideHigherEd :
Last week , Virginia s Montgomery County , home to Virginia Tech , issued a press release regarding proper protocol for college students registering to vote .
In interviews with Inside Higher Ed Tuesday , it was described by turns as  unsubstantiated ,   chilling ,  and ( more generously ) as not  incredibly encouraging or friendly . 
Read more ...
It reads , in part :  The Code of Virginia states that a student must declare a legal residence in order to register .
A legal residence can be either a student s permanent address from home or their current college residence .
By making Montgomery County your permanent residence , you have declared your independence from your parents and can no longer be claimed as a dependent on their income tax filings  check with your tax professional .
If you have a scholarship attached to your former residence , you could lose this funding .
And , if you change your registration to Montgomery County , Virginia Code requires you to change your driver s license and car registration to your present address within 30 days . 
Sujatha Jahagirdar , program director for the Student Public Interest Research Group s nonpartisan New Voters Project ....[ said ]
 For a county registrar to issue what really are in our experience unsubstantiated warnings for a particular demographic is alarming ,  ...  It s upsetting that this is coming up in Virginia .
But it s even more upsetting that the ability of young people to vote is questioned in many other states too . 
She added :  In 25 years of registering young voters around the country , none of the staff has ever heard of a single incident where a student has lost their tax status or their scholarship because of where they ve registered to vote . 
I wonder why Montgomery County election officials would lie about the ramifications of registering to vote ?
Does anyone else smell a lawsuit ?
RELATED : Nearly 600,000 Subject to Possible Caging in Ohio
This Olympics , I m ruefully told , was about the changing of the guard .
It was the symbol of an emergent China and the waning of the West ; the representation , in red shorts , swimsuits and tights , of a new order in sports .
Yet for all its novelty , the new order seems little different from the old .
Throughout much of the last century , the nations that won the biggest share of Olympic gold were either rich countries  with disposable income to spend on sport  or autocratic states where sports programs usually involved sequestering children and pumping them up with experimental drugs .
If middle income , nonaligned or any others wanted to compete for the bronze , it was O.K .
The blocs were busy performing their part in the cold war .
Today , the set of affluent and despotic is somewhat different than it was 20 years ago .
But the Olympic rule of thumb still holds .
By my count , the Soviet bloc won 128 gold medals at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul , the last Games in which there was a Soviet bloc .
The  West  won about 97 , ordered roughly along the lines of economic clout .
Everyone else won 16 .
The demise of communism put much of the Soviets  former trove up for grabs .
Yet the Olympics have retained their spirit : it s still the autocratic and rich who win gold .
From 1996 through 2004 the United States vaulted past Russia to take the top spot in gold .
Going into the weekend , it was in second place , one better than it was in Seoul .
Germany s fifth place in Beijing was the same as West Germany s 20 years ago .
The entire Soviet Union was in first place in Korea .
Russia on its own is likely to be fourth this time .
There 's a bit of a difference of opinion between NATO and Afghan authorities over the result of recent airstrikes .
American - led coalition forces killed 76 Afghan civilians in western Afghanistan on Friday , the interior ministry said .
" Seventy - six civilians , most of them women and children , were martyred today in a coalition forces operation in Herat province , " the statement said .
Coalition forces bombarded the Azizabad area of Shindand district in Herat province on Friday afternoon , the ministry said .
Nineteen victims were women , seven were men , and the rest were children under 15 , it said .
However , the coalition denied killing civilians .
It said 30 militants had been killed in an air strike in Shindand district in the early hours of Friday and no further air strikes had been launched .
Air strikes took place between 1 am - 2 am after Afghan and coalition soldiers were ambushed by insurgents while on a patrol targeting a Taliban commander in Herat , the US military said in a statement .
... Saeed Sharif , a council member where the strike occurred , said : " Last night at 2 am some people were attending a holy Koran recitation in Shindand district when Americans started bombing . "
This is n't the first time this kind of thing has happened .
What usually happens next is the NATO carries out an investigation and says it is in the clear while the Afghans stick to their story .
Which makes me wonder about the disconnect between that absence of admission for culpability in individual incidents and the overall admission that airstrikes and shootings by coalition troops killed as many Afghans as the Taliban did last year .
I 'm sure Afghans wonder too - and then NATO wonders why the Taliban is resurgent .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
New polls in five battleground states that could decide the presidency suggest the fight for the White House between Sens.
John McCain and Barack Obama remains a dead heat .
A new poll out Wednesday shows a virtually tied race between John McCain and Barack Obama in key states .
The CNN / Time Magazine / Opinion Research Corp. polls out Wednesday indicate the race for Florida and its 27 electoral votes is tied .
Florida decided the 2000 election between then - Texas Gov. George W. Bush and then - Vice President Al Gore .
Four years ago , President Bush won Florida by 5 points over Sen. John Kerry .
The new survey , conducted Sunday through Tuesday , indicates 48 percent of registered voters in Florida back Republican presidential candidate McCain for president and an equal amount support Obama , the Democratic candidate .
" Florida is a state that would be directly affected by offshore drilling , but voters in that state may be more affected by high gas prices , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
" Two - thirds of all Floridians favor increased offshore drilling for oil and gas . "
Watch how the candidates are doing in key states 
The poll shows a tight race for Ohio and its 20 electoral votes .
The new survey suggests that 49 percent of registered voters in Ohio back Obama and 47 percent support McCain .
Interactive : CNN's Electoral Map
Do n't Miss Election Center 2008
The small Obama advantage is well within the poll 's sampling error , making the race a tie .
President Bush 's narrow victory in Ohio four years ago clinched his re-election .
A CNN poll of polls in Ohio , also out Wednesday , gives McCain a 3 - point lead , 48 - 45 percent .
The poll of polls is an average of the latest public opinion surveys in the state .
" In Ohio , higher - income voters have moved more toward McCain in the last few weeks , while lower - income voters have trended toward Obama , " Holland said .
" It looks like economic issues are increasingly dividing voters along income lines -- at least in Ohio -- in the classic pattern that we have seen in previous elections . "
The poll suggests Obama is staying competitive in two red states that his campaign is trying to turn blue .
In North Carolina , which Bush won by 12 points in the last presidential election , the poll indicates that 47 percent of registered voters back Obama , 1 point behind McCain .
But other polls in the state suggest McCain has a larger lead , and when averaged in a new CNN poll of polls out Wednesday , McCain has a 10 - point lead .
In Indiana , the survey puts McCain up by 6 points , 51 - 45 percent .
The lead is within the poll 's sampling error .
Indiana has not favored a Democrat in a presidential election since 1964 , but the Obama campaign is putting a lot of time , effort and money into trying to be the first since then .
Wisconsin has voted for the Democrats in the last four presidential elections , but it was extremely close last time , with Kerry topping Bush by 1 point .
It seems Wisconsin remains divided , with 50 percent of voters questioned in the poll backing Obama and 47 percent supporting McCain .
" Obama 's strength is in the city of Milwaukee and along the Wisconsin - Illinois border , where he may have a home - field advantage , " Holland said .
" McCain does well in the rest of the state . "
Third - party presidential candidates could affect the results in some of these states .
When included in the results , independent Ralph Nader , Libertarian Bob Barr and Green Party candidate Cynthia McKinney grab a total of 7 percent of the vote in Indiana , 6 percent in Florida and Ohio , and 5 percent in North Carolina , which could be enough to influence the outcome in those states .
So , where does the overall race for electoral votes stand ?
Taking into account these polls , CNN estimates if the presidential election were held today , Obama would win 233 electoral votes and John McCain 189 .
There are 116 electoral votes up for grabs ; 270 electoral votes are needed to win the White House .
The CNN Electoral Map takes into account a number of factors , including the most recent state polls , voting trends and campaign ad spending and events in the particular states .
In the poll , 907 registered voters in Florida , 890 registered voters in Indiana , 910 registered voters in North Carolina , 913 registered voters in Ohio and 950 registered votes in Wisconsin were questioned by telephone .
The sampling error is 3.5 percentage points in Florida , Indiana , and North Carolina and 3 percentage points in Ohio and Wisconsin .
All About John McCain  Barack Obama
Raw video:31st May 2008 , East Grinstead , England .
During the protest against the cult of Scientology , a police officer threatens to arrest an ' anon ' for having a sign saying " Scientology is a brainwashing evil cult " .
( OPRAH.com ) --
Forget everything you 've heard about frankness , sharing your feelings , getting him to express his .
New research into the male mind makes it clear that discussion may be the fastest way to shut down communication .
( Oh , you noticed that , have you ? )
Men see discussion of " issues " as criticism and feel shamed , author says .
When I first heard about the book , I thought it was a gimmick .
" How to Improve Your Marriage Without Talking About It " sounded like a title somebody 's prankster husband dreamed up after a rocky couples ' therapy session .
When I mentioned it to Hugh , my own husband -- who in 22 years of marriage has never once said , " Honey , we need to talk " -- his face lit up like the Fourth of July .
Needless to say , I was suspicious .
What about the vast repertoire of communication skills women have spent decades perfecting ?
Were Patricia Love and Steven Stosny , the psychotherapists who co-authored the book , advising us to forget everything we 've learned and rethink how we relate to our partners ?
The answer is yes -- and they 're not kidding .
" The number one myth about relationships is that talking helps .
The truth is , more often than not , it makes things worse , " says Love , a tall , lean redhead with a down - home Texas twang and a generous smile .
She is co-founder of the Austin Family Institute and leads workshops around the country when she is n't making television appearances or co-writing books , including the best - selling " Hot Monogamy . "
" Talking about feelings , which is soothing to women , makes men physically uncomfortable , " says Stosny , the Maryland - based author of " You Don't Have to Take It Anymore " and an expert on male aggression .
" There 's literally more blood flow to their muscles .
They get fidgety , and women think they 're not listening . "
Do n't Miss Oprah.com : Steps to a more fulfilling relationship
Oprah.com : Steps to a more fulfilling relationship Oprah.com :
Are you too needy ?
Give it up and find true love
Oprah.com :
Are you too needy ?
Give it up and find true love Oprah.com :
What every wife should know
We 're relaxing in the sunroom of my house in Washington , D.C. , on a golden autumn morning .
I learn that it was Stosny 's research into the core emotional differences between the sexes that radically altered his thinking , as well as the way he works with clients .
When he shared his findings with his friend and colleague Pat Love , they rang true to her , even though they flew in the face of the verbal problem - solving approach she 'd been using for 30 years .
Like electric shock and sugar blues
According to Stosny 's analysis of several hundred human and animal studies , male and female responses to stress are distinct from birth .
" When a baby girl hears a loud noise or gets anxious , she wants to make eye contact with someone , but a baby boy will react to the same sound by looking around , in a fight - or - flight response , " he says .
What 's more , while newborn girls are much more easily frightened , boys have five times as many " startle " reactions , which are emotionally neutral but pump up adrenaline .
Boys need to intermittently withdraw into themselves to keep from becoming overstimulated .
These differences hold true for most social animals and correlate with our biological roles :
The female 's fear response is an early warning system that serves to detect threats and alert the males of the pack to danger .
As girls grow , they go beyond needing eye contact and refine a coping strategy identified by UCLA psychologists as " tend and befriend . "
If there 's a conflict , girls and women want to talk about it .
Boys and men , however , need to pull away .
A man 's greatest suffering , Stosny says , comes from the shame he feels when he does n't measure up -- which is why discussing relationship problems ( i.e. , what he 's doing wrong ) offers about as much comfort as sleeping on a bed of nails .
Oprah.com : Men and women ... what makes us so different ?
So , I wonder , does this explain why , when I reach out and tell Hugh I 'm feeling isolated from him -- on the assumption that this will foster closeness -- he gets defensive or withdraws ?
Do my verbal attempts to re-establish intimacy make him feel inadequate ?
Is that why he gets that glazed look in his eye and is suddenly compelled to watch men tossing balls on TV ?
Yes , yes , and yes , replies Love .
And our responses are n't all in our heads .
When a man feels shamed by a woman 's criticism , his body is flooded with cortisol , a stress hormone with an effect that is decidedly unpleasant .
A woman experiences a similar cortisol rush whenever her husband shouts at her , ignores her , or otherwise does something that scares her and seems to threaten their bond .
Love compares the sensation that accompanies the sudden release of cortisol to sticking your finger in an electric socket , followed by the sort of " sugar blues " crash that occurs after you polish off a few too many glazed doughnuts .
" A cortisol hangover can last for hours in men and up to several days in women , " Love says .
" It 's no wonder both sexes try to prevent it . "
Compassion more important than love
Okay , this makes sense , but if talking about relationships makes men twitchy and drunk on cortisol , then what 's the alternative ?
Charades ?
Oprah.com :
How to be a black - belt communicator
" It 's the connection , stupid ! " exclaims Love , quickly adding that it's not me personally she 's calling stupid .
" Everyone -- men , women , myself included -- needs to learn that before we can communicate with words , we need to connect nonverbally .
We can do that in simple ways , through touch , sex , doing things together .
The deepest moments of intimacy occur when you 're not talking . "
Stosny puts it this way : " We need to stop trying to assess the bonding verbally and instead let the words come out of the bonding . "
Interestingly , he adds , " When couples feel connected , men want to talk more and women need to talk less , so they meet somewhere in the middle .
Being aware of the fear - shame dynamic helps . "
To illustrate the point , Love tells the story of an afternoon when she and her husband were lying in bed naked after showering .
" I was wondering if he 'd initiate sex , when all of a sudden in my mind I crossed over to his side of the bed and got a sense of what it was like to be him , never knowing if he 's going to be accepted or rejected .
It was terrifying .
I understood then how deeply ashamed that must make him feel , " she recalls .
" It was an epiphany that changed my life . "
She immediately began emphasizing compassion in her work with clients , and has come to believe -- as does Stosny -- that it 's even more crucial to the success of a long - term relationship than love .
The tricky part is that men and women must empathize with vulnerabilities they do n't feel to the same degree -- namely fear and shame .
To do this requires what the authors call binocular vision , in which each partner makes a conscious effort to consider the other 's point of view .
" The problem is that when you 're angry , you 're wrong even when you 're right because you can't see the other person 's perspective , " Stosny says .
" That 's when you lose the thing you long for most , the connection . "
Okay , I get it : Connection rules .
But it 's hard to imagine most people being capable of reaching out to their partners in the heat of an argument .
Love and Stosny acknowledge that it 's a tall order .
Still , they say , for couples to productively address the hurt that underlies anger , it helps to have a previously agreed - upon signal such as a hand gesture to keep disagreements from spiraling out of control .
This does n't mean they should try to ignore their feelings , but instead find a way to convey that the other person matters more than whatever they 're resentful or anxious about -- and then talk .
The beautiful part , Love says , is that " it takes only one person to make the gesture .
The partner will feel the impact , even if he or she can't drop the anger right at that moment . "
Admittedly , this approach is most effective for couples in a precrisis state , Stosny says , " when there 's still time for the man to step up to the plate and stop withdrawing or being reactive , and for the woman to understand that her husband really does want to make her happy and to stop being so critical .
Men are better able to stay in the room and listen to women if they do n't think they 're being blamed for their distress . "
But ultimately , Love adds , " couples have to decide that the relationship is more important than all those things they do that annoy each other . "
Oprah.com : Are you a nag ?
How to stop
" Even when Hugh throws his sopping wet towel on the bed , forgets to put gas in the car , or stares into space when I try to tell him something that really matters to me ? "
I ask , only half joking .
" If you give him positive reinforcement instead of criticizing him , he 'll start doing more of the things you want him to do , " Love says .
The next night over dinner , I give it a whirl .
" I love it when you put gas in the car and hang up your wet towel , " I say .
He looks at me like I 've gone off the deep end .
" What 's up ? " he asks suspiciously .
" Why are you being so nice ? "
But a few days later when I 'm distraught over a potentially scary mammogram report and he jumps in too quickly to reassure me that everything will turn out fine ( it does ) , I decide to try out the binocular vision that Love and Stosny recommend .
That 's when I see that Hugh feels like a failure because he wants to make things better and he can't .
So instead of my usual knee - jerk irritability at what I perceive as his lack of sensitivity , I say , " I 'm terrified and I just need you to listen . "
Which he does , patiently , lovingly .
After I 've finished reciting my laundry list of fears , he holds me close and neither of us says anything for a long time .
We do n't need to .
It 's the connection , stupid !
By Barbara Graham from " O , The Oprah Magazine , " February 2007
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
All About Marriage  Relationships
Two Israeli rights groups have accused their government of tearing Palestinian families apart by curtailing the right to live in the West Bank .
Hamoked and B'tselem say the Israeli military has stepped up efforts to expel Palestinians with " illegal status " from the West Bank to Gaza .
B'tselem said several thousand Palestinians had been affected by the policy since November 2007 .
The Israeli government has not directly commented on the groups ' report .
However , Israeli foreign ministry spokesman Andy David said the failure of the Palestinian Hamas movement to recognise past peace accords with Israel was the " real reason " for restrictions on movement between the West Bank and Gaza .
' Illegal aliens '
The groups say that over the past year , the military " has taken active measures to locate and expel Palestinians from the West Bank to the Gaza Strip under the pretext that they are ' illegal aliens ' " .
The new permit regime is an unprecedented , legally baseless move
B'tselem and Hamoked report
They say Israel has instituted a policy requiring Palestinians from Gaza who are living in the West Bank to apply for a temporary three - month permit to stay there .
" This , even if they have lived in the West Bank for many years , established their homes there and , in some cases , even if they were born in the West Bank , " the report says .
It says Palestinians wishing to enter Gaza must undertake never to return to the West Bank , an effect of which has been to force relatives left behind to also move to Gaza " with no possibility of returning to the West Bank " .
The report accuses Israel of " exploiting the hardship of families which are split between the West Bank and Gaza Strip " .
The groups say marriage between Gazans and Palestinians from the West Bank is no guarantee for obtaining a permit .
" The new permit regime is an unprecedented , legally baseless move by which Israel is turning Palestinian residents of the Occupied Palestinian Territories into ' illegal aliens ' in their own homes , " the report says .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Top 10 Buddy Cop Movies
The buddy cop film genre was a staple of the 1980s when the likes of Mel Gibson , Tom Hanks , and Arnold Schwarzenegger jumped on board to make these action - comedies , which , no doubt , helped propel them to superstardom .
There seems to be different interpretations as to what categorizes a film as a buddy cop movie .
Typically , its an action - comedy with the improbable partnering of two cops , though at times one law enforcement officer paired with a civilian will suffice ( because , hey , its just that much more  zany  that way ) .
But theres certain aspects weve come to expect from these movies : two polar opposites   whove somehow stepped out of line on the job   get vindictively matched up by their curmudgeony superior who wants to teach them a lesson and have them catch the bad guys in the process .
If theres only one cop ( which , I personally do nt really consider to be a true buddy cop scenerio ) , that means he ll be forced to seek assistance by someone who s more a hindrance than a help ( this is usually the outrageous comedy variety ) .
Of course , whoever the partners may be , theyre usually both stubborn , unyielding , and prefer to work alone , so they ll immediately butt heads   that makes for good comedy ( whacky even ) .
But in the end , something like having a near death experience and mutually causing millions of dollars  worth of collateral damage will bond the unlikely duo against the greater forces of evil and in the span of one movie , turn them from adversaries to life - long friends .
Theres been a slew of these films in the last few decades , most just a carbon copy of the next , so heres a look at the Top 10 Buddy Cop Movies .
10 . Red Heat
A decade before Rush Hour did its East meets
West bit , Red Heat had West met another part of the East .
Comedian Jim Belushi starred as a loudmouth ( when is he not ? )
Chicago detective Art Ridzic , who teamed up with a stiff Russian narcotics cop Ivan Danko , played Austrian Arnold Schwarzenegger ( Austrian , Russian , what s the difference ? ) .
This 1988 film had the ultimate is unlikely , awkward partnerings , especially since the Cold War was not quite over yet .
Schwarzenegger , who still was nt big on dialogue - heavy roles back them , spent most of the movie , well , not speaking , as well as punching a lot of people out .
9. K-9
It seems like 1989 was the year of the dog , because not only did Tom Hanks star as a cop alongside a pooch in Turner and Hooch , but just a year after Red Heat , Jim Belushi tried his luck again as a cop in K - 9 .
But this time , he is completely outshined and outsmarted by his on - screen partner  Jerry Lee , a German Shepherd police dog ( played by real - life police dog Koton ) .
To help him catch a major drug dealer , Belushi s rebellious detective Michael Dooley is given the drug - sniffing Jerry Lee as a partner .
But Dooley has met his match in the highly intelligent canine officer , who has a mind of his own and answers to no one .
8. Starsky & Hutch
Instead of being a true remake of the 1970 s television cop drama , the film went the action - comedy spoof route , serving as a prequel to the show .
While the title characters had a true , expressive friendship in the television series , the film has them as mismatched detectives .
Ben Stiller stars as David Starsky , an uptight and sometimes reckless hot - head who s paired up with the morally ambiguous Kenneth  Hutch  Hutchinson , played by Owen Wilson .
The characters might have been a mismatch , but long - time friend and collaborators Stiller and Wilson have the perfect chemistry when sharing the screen .
[ You can catch Starsky & Hutch on the AMC channel this weekend and / or enter to win the DVD from Geeks of Doom . ]
7. Rush Hour
Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker make an unlikely , yet humorous pairing in this Far East meets
West action - comedy franchise .
Chan plays a martial arts - wielding veteran Hong Kong detective who is forced into partnership with Tucker s crass , streetwise LA detective in an effort to rescue the kidnapped daughter of a Chinese diplomat .
Yeah , maybe three Rush Hour movies were a bit much , but the original matching of Jackie Chan s Hong Kong Detective Inspector Lee with Chris Tucker s LAPD Detective James Carter was cinematic gold .
And while it s played out now , admit it , when you first heard ,  Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth ? ,  you laughed .
6. Tango and Cash
The ultimate in badassery ( and male shower scenes ! ) saw the teaming up of Rambo and Snake Plissken in 1989 s Tango and Cash .
Sylvestor Stallone and Kurt Russell star as rival LA narcotics cops who , surprise ! , ca nt get along because they are just so very different .
Tango ( Stallone ) is organized and business - minded , while Cash ( Russell ) is a slob .
But , they both excel at busting drug lords  until they re framed for murder !
Oh shit , now you ve really made them angry .
Now they ll have to put aside their differences to clear their names and enact revenge on their enemies .
5. Dragnet
Much like the recent Starsky & Hutch film , 1987 s Dragnet was a light - hearted spoof of its predecessor , the 1950s dramatic television series of the same name .
But the updated film was also part homage , thanks to Dan Aykroyd s spot - on portrayal of Sergeant Joe Friday ( the nephew of Jack Webb s original Joe Friday from the TV series ) , and his accompanying voice - overs .
Set in Los Angeles , Aykroyd s anachronistic Friday is given a more modern - thinking , sarcastic partner , Pep Streebeck ( Tom Hanks ) .
Together , the odd couple set out to investigate a series of religious cult murders in the area .
4. 48 Hours
There was technically only one real cop in the film  the partner does pretend to be a cop at times  but 1982 s 48 Hours captured the spirit of this variety of the action - comedy genre and set the stage for future buddy cop films .
48 Hours marked the big - screen debut of the then - young comedian Eddie Murphy , who starred as a wise - cracking convict named Reggie who s released from San Quentin for 48 hours so he can help an unwieldy alcoholic San Francisco cop ( Nick Nolte ) nab a cop killer .
The scene in the redneck bar is classic and you ca nt forget the part where Murphy goes off on the patrons 
 You know what I am ?
Im your worst fuckin nightmare , man .
Im a nigger with a badge which means I got permission to kick your fuckin ass whenever I feel like it ! 
3. Bad Boys
Bad boys , bad boys , whatcha gonna do ?
Oh Michael Bay , how you woo us with your explosive charms .
In his first over - the - top action flick , 1995 s Bad Boys , director Michael Bay paired up big - name talent Will Smith and Martin Lawrence as partners in the Miami Police Department .
While the detective sergeants do have different viewpoints and personalities  Smith s Lowrey is a womanizer party boy who comes from money ; Lawrence s Burnett is a married family man  at least they re not the typical  wacky  coupling seen in most buddy cop movies .
Thanks to Bay  and producer Jerry Bruckheimer no doubt  the partners spend most of their time doing what Bay does best : blowing shit up .
Since Smith and Lawrence both come from comedic backgrounds , it s not surprising this big action movie , which has them hunting down the seized drugs that were stolen from a police vault in an inside job , also turned out to be funny .
2. Lethal Weapon
I ve lost count of the amount of sequels for this Richard Donner - directed franchise , but back in 1987 when Mel Gibson was first paired up with Danny Glover for Lethal Weapon , the flowing - maned actor was still riding high on his Mad Max action - star cred .
For this buddy cop feature , Gibson and Glover are LAPD detectives who , of course , are resistent to being partnered up because they each prefer to work alone .
Glover plays the 50 - year - old Murtaugh , a veteran who s saddled with the younger Riggs ( Gibson ) , a reckless , almost suicidal cop whose considered a  lethal weapon . 
Lethal Weapon also contained the line that would spawn many a buddy cop spoof ,  I m too old for this shit ! 
1. Hot Fuzz
Buddy cop movies will come and buddy cop movies will go , but there will never ever be another one like Hot Fuzz .
This Simon Pegg and Nick Frost venture is not only one big love letter to the genre , but it s the buddy cop movie to end them all .
The Brits are nt well - known for their cop films , now are they , now ?
But man , did they pull this one off big - time .
Pegg plays Nicholas Angel , a London cop who is so dedicated to his job and does it so well , that he makes everyone in his department seem inferior .
That s why he s reluctantly transferred to a quiet , crime - free rural village far from any criminal activities .
At his new job , he s teamed up with officer Danny Butterman ( Frost ) , the police chief s dimwitted son and together , the two find out that life in the village is not what it appears to be .
At first , they seem an unlikely pair , but are soon bonded after Butterman , who s particularly obsessed with Point Break and Bad Boys II , turns Angel on to the action - film genre .
On Tue , Sep 23 , 2008 at 4:21 AM , Ashley M .
[ email protected ] wrote :
On 23 Sep 2008 , at 02:35 , David C. wrote :
This should work right now with both  rake spec and  cucumber features 
It does , but only as  cucumber features  if I do  cucumber
features / descriptions/xyz.feature  it does nt find the the step file on it s
own .
 the step file  assumes a one to one mapping of feature files to step
files .
I tend to reuse steps across features , so this has little value
for me , personally .
I think it is a constraint that might serve some
people s needs well , but not everybodys .
Ben s TextMate Cucumber bundle reflects this , as it s  go to alternate file 
command creates steps one level down from the descriptions .
Kyle s  story  command uses the structure stories / stories and stories / steps
so I m used to working that way .
While I appreciate that some people like to work this way , I do nt
think everyone does and I do nt think cucumber should be enforcing
conventions based on this .
What I think would make sense is to offer up some
configuration / mapping scheme that allows you to manage this in a
number of different ways .
For example , we could add something like autotest uses - if a
. cucumber file exists it gets loaded before anything else , and it can
be used to describe mappings as autotest does :
Autotest.add_hook : initialize do |at|
at.add_mapping %r%features /(.*) . feature % do |filename , match |
at.files_matching %r% features/#{match}.rb
end
end
Something along those lines could help satisfy everyone s needs , no ?
WDYT ?
support /
zoom.
feature
This is just how I use it anyway - maybe I m alone in adding extra folders
like that .
But I still find the nested structure much more logical than the
partially flat one .
I see where you re coming from in terms of visibility .
I tend to use
something like this :
features /
reservations /
schedules /
steps /
supplies /
support /
Admittedly , steps and support are not like reservations , schedules and
supplies , but this has worked just fine for me so far .
FWIW ,
David
On Wednesday , The New York Times on the Web flashed a headline that caught my eye :  U.S. to Unveil $ 1 Billion Aid Package to Repair Georgia . 
Wow , I thought .
That s great : $ 1 billion to fix Georgia s roads and schools .
But as I read on , I quickly realized that I had the wrong Georgia .
We re going to spend $ 1 billion to fix the Georgia between Russia and Turkey , not the one between South Carolina and Florida .
Sorry , but the thought of us spending $ 1 billion to repair a country whose president , though a democrat , recklessly provoked a war with a brutish Russia , which was itching to bash its neighbor , makes no sense to me .
Yes , we should diplomatically squeeze Russia until it withdraws its troops ; no one should be invading neighbors .
But where are our priorities ?
How many wars can we fight at once without finishing even one ?
Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan , Pakistan and now Georgia .
Which is the priority ?
Americans are struggling to meet their mortgages , and we re sending $ 1 billion to a country whose president behaved irresponsibly , just to poke Vladimir Putin in the eye .
Could nt we poke Putin with $ 100 million ?
And should nt we be fostering a dialogue with Georgia and with Putin ?
Otherwise , where is this going ?
A new cold war ?
Over what ?
Analysis
Let us assume global warming is happening .
Let us assume too that it is doing so at a rapid pace .
What should we do about it ?
There are two very basic approaches .
Either we can attempt to mitigate the problem by direct or indirect means , or we can go with the flow , and adapt to a warmer world .
Let 's examine the costs and benefits of these approaches .
First , there 's the " direct approach " as advocated by the Kyoto Protocols and the Stern Review .
The current Kyoto proposal for 2008 to 2012 calls for greenhouse gas reduction to 5.2 per cent over 1990 levels .
Unfortunately , this is not endorsed by most of the " prime offenders " .
The US balks at the proposal , and India and China will not even consider it .
But Europe is attempting to cajole the world into compliance , so let us consider some of the details .
The most glaring problem is that the countries who are increasing their CO 2 emissions most rapidly are among the world 's poorest .
They did not create the " problem " in the first place , but they are the ones that will pay the highest price , economically , by complying .
The estimated costs of Kyoto by 2010 , range from  6.2 bn for the UK ( or 1.1 per cent of GDP ) to  17.4bn ( or 3.1 per cent of GDP ) , the Institute Economique Molinari estimated in September 2006 .
Yet exceedingly affluent Sweden , already thoroughly industrialized , and having made cuts in CO 2 , would actually be allowed an increase in output .
But Spain , even with an more lenient goal of 15 per cent above 1990 emissions by 2012 , had already increased CO 2 emissions by over a third from 1990 to 2001 , making compliance expensive indeed .
1
Enforcing these carbon reductions is problematic .
Proposed solutions are an emissions tax and / or the creation of an " emission rights market " .
This would penalize profitable production , so that " rights " would become increasingly expensive over time .
Some companies would go out of business , while many would attempt to move to countries not covered by the Kyoto treaty .
As one German cement factory manager put it , " If that 's the shape the trading will take , we will simply move our cement operation to Ukraine .
Then there wo n't be any trading here , nothing will be produced here anymore - the lights will simply go out here .
" 2. From 2013 , the price of carbon offsets for the German cement industry is estimated to be around half of current revenues .
Even if the period for implementing Kyoto proposals was extended to 2100 , temperatures would only be only 0.15 C to 0.21 C lower ( c. +2.3 C higher from 1990 to 2100 ) according to Dr M L Wigley , senior scientist at the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research ( UCAR ) .
With all its costs , Kyoto would delay global warming by only six years .
3
The Kyoto Protocols are clearly costly to all involved , do little to mitigate warming , and place the heaviest obligations on those countries that can least afford it .
Therefore it seems unlikely that these goals will ever be met .
The poorer countries simply can't comply , and the richer countries simply wo n't .
And any country that made a good - faith effort would in effect , be victimized economically by those which did not .
Sado - economics
Let us now turn to the Review of Sir Nicholas Stern , which has been stirring controversy ever since it was released in 2006 .
The Stern Review , like Kyoto , favours immediate measures , but looks further into the future .
However , even believers in the theory that human CO 2 emissions are the primary factor in global warming take issue with Stern 's numbers .
Stern asserts that the economic cost of global warming will in 200 years be between five per cent and 20 per cent of global GDP .
Stern calls for a CO 2 stabilization at 550 parts per million ( ppm ) by 2050 .
The current level is 385 ppm .
Stern estimates that this would limit the temperature increase to between 2C and 3C /
The cost would be about one per cent of world GDP 4 .
This cost is comparable with that of the Kyoto protocol , but would be applied worldwide , not just by signatories to the treaty .
Stern takes the worst temperature scenario of a range published by the IPCC .
He projects a temperature increase of at least 4 C and possibly in excess of 5 C by early next century .
Most of the damage would occur at the high end of the estimate 5 .
The Stern Review also uses the extreme IPCC estimate of population growth ( up to 15 billion ) by 2100 , which is far higher than the UN 's estimates of under 10 billion by 2150 .
Projections of population growth by the UN have actually been falling 6 .
Nor does Stern account for the most significant factor in falling projections - prosperity .
As an economy develops and health and education improve , the fertility rate declines .
Since the bulk of the increase in population is projected for the less developed countries , the human cost of global warming in terms of disease and premature death - for example , 1 million to 3 million additional deaths at +3 C from famine , and 80 million additional cases of malaria7 at +5 C over the next 75 years - is magnified by between a third and half .
Stern 's Malthusianism becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
A pair of black bear cubs got more than they bargained for when they went digging for food inside a dumpster at a Nevada campground in 2006 .
The dumpster 's bear - proof lid , which someone had left open , closed on the cubs after they climbed inside .
As bears spend more time near cities , the animals gain weight , get pregnant at a younger age and die young , violent deaths .
A new study of black bears near the populated Lake Tahoe , Nev. , area found an alarming percentage are hit by cars .
" Urban areas are becoming the ultimate bear traps , " said Wildlife Conservation Society researcher Jon Beckmann , the study 's lead author .
" Because of an abundant food source  namely garbage  bears are being drawn in from backcountry areas into urbanized landscapes where they meet their demise . "
The study , published in the Fall 2008 issue of the journal Human - Wildlife Conflicts , tracked 12 bears over a 10 - year period living in urban areas around Lake Tahoe , and compared them to 10 other bears that lived in outlying wild areas .
The urbanized bears weighed an average of 30 percent more .
They gave birth between the ages of 2 and 5 instead of at age 7 or 8 as is normal .
All 12 of the tracked urban bears were dead by age 10 due to vehicle collisions , while six of the wildland bears still survived .
Bear cubs in urban areas also had dramatically higher mortality rates due mainly to vehicle collisions , the researchers said today .
The result : Urbanized areas are functioning as " sinks " for black bear populations , drawing in doomed bears from outlying wild areas , while bears are failing to recolonize outlying wild areas .
For now , bear populations in Nevada remain steady due to bears immigrating from neighboring California , the researchers said .
Be prepared and learn helpful tips and information that will help you know what to do in the event of a storm - related emergency .
Omnipresent Follow Up System
Tired of manual follow up ?
Our Omnipresent Follow Up System will take care of us .
Monitored by us manually , we will ensure it you get the best of the best .
Thousands of protestors demonstrated agains the proposed $ 700 Billion bail out plan for the finance and banking industry , yet the national news media in America did n't even report it !
Why not ?
It seems strange that this barely generated a gander from the big news outlets like ABC , CNN , CBS , NBC etc. all of whom have a presence in New York City .
Despite having such a large protest event occurring in their backyard , the major news media chose not to tell the American people about it .
I had to stumble upon this on the internet to find out about it .
That 's really indicative of the pathetic state of affairs in the U.S. media today .
The bailout is a colossal power grab and fraud completely lacking of oversight or transparency that will do nothing to restore the integrity of the financial and equity markets .
It is designed to benefit only the engineers and creators of this crisis at a cost of potentially trillions of dollars to the taxpayer .
Go to www.fedupusa.com for more information on the bailout and what it truly represents .
Here is a list of members who voted in favor of the proposal .
I suggest you all get on the phone and give them a piece of you mind .
The battle is not over .
The executive branch will surely try to get another vote on this bill before the end of the week .
AckermanAllenAndrewsArcuriBachusBairdBaldwinBeanBermanBerryBishop ( GA ) Bishop ( NY ) BluntBoehnerBonnerBono MackBoozmanBorenBoswellBoucherBoyd ( FL ) Brady ( PA ) Brady ( TX ) Brown ( SC ) Brown , CorrineCalvertCamp ( MI ) Campbell ( CA ) CannonCantorCappsCapuanoCardozaCarnahanCastleClarkeClyburnCohenCole
( OK ) CooperCostaCramerCrenshawCrowleyCubinDavis ( AL ) Davis ( CA ) Davis ( IL ) Davis , TomDeGetteDeLauroDicksDingellDonnellyDoyleDreierEdwards ( TX ) EhlersEllisonEllsworthEmanuelEmersonEngelEshooEtheridgeEverettFarrFattahFergusonFossellaFosterFrank ( MA ) GilchrestGonzalezGordonGrangerGutierrezHall
( NY ) HareHarmanHastings ( FL ) HergerHigginsHinojosaHobsonHoltHondaHooleyHoyerInglis
( SC ) IsraelJohnson , E. B.KanjorskiKennedyKildeeKindKing ( NY ) KirkKlein ( FL ) Kline ( MN ) LaHoodLangevinLarsen ( WA ) Larson ( CT ) LevinLewis ( CA ) Lewis ( KY ) LoebsackLofgren , ZoeLoweyLungren , Daniel E.Mahoney ( FL ) Maloney ( NY ) MarkeyMarshallMatsuiMcCarthy ( NY ) McCollum ( MN ) McCreryMcDermottMcGovernMcHughMcKeonMcNerneyMcNultyMeek ( FL ) Meeks ( NY ) MelanconMiller ( NC ) Miller , GaryMiller , GeorgeMollohanMoore ( KS ) Moore ( WI ) Moran ( VA ) Murphy ( CT ) Murphy , PatrickMurthaNadlerNeal ( MA ) OberstarObeyOlverPallonePelosiPerlmutterPeterson ( PA ) PickeringPomeroyPorterPrice ( NC ) Pryce ( OH ) PutnamRadanovichRahallRangelRegulaReyesReynoldsRichardsonRogers ( AL ) Rogers ( KY) RossRuppersbergerRyan ( OH ) Ryan ( WI ) SarbanesSaxtonSchakowskySchwartzSessionsSestakShaysSimpsonSiresSkeltonSlaughterSmith ( TX ) Smith ( WA ) SnyderSouderSpaceSpeierSprattTancredoTannerTauscherTownsTsongasUptonVan HollenVelzquezWalden ( OR ) Walsh ( NY ) Wasserman SchultzWatersWattWaxmanWeinerWeldon ( FL ) WexlerWilson ( NM ) Wilson ( OH ) Wilson ( SC ) Wolf
I will discuss recent work that lays out two methods to obtain direct measurements of the Galactic acceleration .
First , I will review our recent work in using high precision spectrographs to measure the Galactic acceleration .
These measurements can be used to determine the total density from the Poisson equation , and given an accounting of the baryon budget , the dark matter density .
Secondly , I will discuss ongoing work to use pulsar timing data to measure the local Galactic acceleration , which thereby gives a direct measure of the Oort limit .
GLOUCESTER - Seldom has a publisher set out to prove that her own book is a hoax .
But that is what happened with the memoir of Misha Defonseca , a heartwarming Holocaust - era tale that has turned out to be a fake .
The publisher , Jane Daniel , said she disregarded warnings about the book in its early stages but later - after losing ... ( Full article : 1408 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Over on Boing Boing Gadgets , our John sets off a firework in celebration of EFF 's latest victory : forcing " psychic " Uri Geller to eat crow :
The outcome was predictable to anyone with an ice cream scoop worth of brain jelly slapped into their skull cavity , but professional psychic Uri Geller somehow did n't see it coming : his company , Explorologist Ltd. , had its spoon bent by the EFF yesterday over a frivolous DMCA takedown notice Geller sent to the creators of a 13 minute YouTube video debunking Geller 's supernatural powers  a video which happened to contain a ten second copyrighted clip of one of his performances .
Fair use , in other words .
The EFF has really made Geller eat it here : not only has he been forced to withdraw , but they made him license the clip in question as non-commercial Creative Commons to boot , so as to freely aid the efforts of other skeptics .
Right on , EFF !
Four more churches in eastern India have been burnt after a week of religious violence that has driven thousands of people from their homes and into hiding .
At least 14 people have died in attacks by groups of Hindus , who went on the rampage after a Hindu leader was killed last week .
Reports say more than 60 churches in the state of Orissa have been burnt and around 3,000 homes have been destroyed as mobs tore through mainly Christian villages .
Hindu and Christian leaders have been appealing for calm , but violence spread to new parts of the state over the weekend .
Police confirmed four churches , in the districts of Koraput and Rayagada , were set on fire by mobs .
Local newspapers reported that further churches and houses had been burnt in other districts , and there were reports that more bodies had been found .
The violence has forced at least 6,000 people to take shelter in government camps .
Around 5,000 more are believed to be hiding in forests around Kandhamal .
Religious violence has hit the tribal regions of Orissa for years , with Hindus and Christians fighting over conversions .
Christians account for around 2.5 % of India 's population , but the percentage in the Kandhamal area is much higher as a result of conversions to Christianity .
Hindu groups accuse Christian priests of bribing poor tribes and low caste Hindus to change their faith , while Christians claim Hindus convert willingly to escape the complex caste system .
The latest violence erupted after the murder of the Hindu leader Swami Lakshmananda Saraswati , along with four other activists from the hardline Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) party , last Saturday .
The VHP originally claimed Christians were to blame for the deaths , but Maoist guerillas have since claimed responsibility .
The violence has drawn international condemnation , including from the pope .
The Italian foreign ministry said it would summon India 's ambassador to demand " incisive action " to prevent further attacks against Christians .
ANTLR 3
by R. Mark Volkmann , OCI Partner & Software Engineer
JUNE 2008
Preface
ANTLR is a big topic , so this is a big article .
Topics are introduced in the order in which understanding them is essential to the example code that follows .
Your questions and feedback are welcomed at mark@ociweb.com .
Table of Contents
Part I - Overview
Introduction to ANTLR
ANTLR is a free , open source parser generator tool that is used to implement " real " programming languages and domain - specific languages ( DSLs ) .
The name stands for Another Tool for Language Recognition .
Terence Parr , a professor at the University of San Francisco , implemented ( in Java ) and maintains it .
It can be downloaded from http://www.antlr.org.
This site also contains documentation , articles , examples , a Wiki and information about mailing lists .
Many people feel that ANTLR is easier to use than other , similar tools .
One reason for this is the syntax it uses to express grammars .
Another is the existence of a graphical grammar editor and debugger called ANTLRWorks .
Jean Bovet , a former masters student at the University of San Francisco who worked with Terence , implemented ( using Java Swing ) and maintains it .
A brief word about conventions in this article ...
ANTLR grammar syntax makes frequent use of the characters [ ] and { } .
When describing a placeholder we will use italics rather than surrounding it with { } .
When describing something that 's optional , we 'll follow it with a question mark rather than surrounding it with [ ] .
ANTLR Overview
ANTLR uses Extended Backus - Naur ( EBNF ) grammars which can directly express optional and repeated elements .
BNF grammars require a more verbose syntax to express these .
EBNF grammars also support " subrules " which are parenthesized groups of elements .
ANTLR supports infinite lookahead for selecting the rule alternative that matches the portion of the input stream being evaluated .
The technical way of stating this is that ANTLR supports LL ( * ) .
An LL( k ) parser is a top - down parser that parses from left to right , constructs a leftmost derivation of the input and looks ahead k tokens when selecting between rule alternatives .
The * means any number of lookahead tokens .
Another type of parser , LR ( k ) , is a bottom - up parser that parses from left to right and constructs a rightmost derivation of the input .
LL parsers can't handle left - recursive rules so those must be avoided when writing ANTLR grammars .
Most people find LL grammars easier to understand than LR grammars .
See Wikipedia for a more detailed descriptions of LL and LR parsers .
ANTLR supports three kinds of predicates that aid in resolving ambiguities .
These allow rules that are not based strictly on input syntax .
While ANTLR is implemented in Java , it generates code in many target languages including Java , Ruby , Python , C , C++ , C# and Objective C .
There are IDE plug-ins available for working with ANTLR inside IDEA and Eclipse , but not yet for NetBeans or other IDEs .
Use Cases
There are three primary use cases for ANTLR .
The first is implementing " validators . "
These generate code that validates that input obeys grammar rules .
The second is implementing " processors . "
These generate code that validates and processes input .
They can perform calculations , update databases , read configuration files into runtime data structures , etc . Our Math example coming up is an example of a processor .
The third is implementing " translators . "
These generate code that validates and translates input into another format such as a programming language or bytecode .
Later we 'll discuss " actions " and " rewrite rules . "
It 's useful to point out where these are used in the three use cases above .
Grammars for validators do n't use actions or rewrite rules .
Grammars for processors use actions , but not rewrite rules .
Grammars for translators use actions ( containing printlns ) and / or rewrite rules .
Other DSL Approaches
Dynamic languages like Ruby and Groovy can be used to implement many DSLs .
However , when they are used , the DSLs have to live within the syntax rules of the language .
For example , such DSLs often require dots between object references and method names , parameters separated by commas , and blocks of code surrounded by curly braces or do / end keywords .
Using a tool like ANTLR to implement a DSL provides maximum control over the syntax of the DSL .
Definitions
Lexer converts a stream of characters to a stream of tokens ( ANTLR token objects know their start / stop character stream index , line number , index within the line , and more ) Parser processes a stream of tokens , possibly creating an AST Abstract Syntax Tree ( AST ) : an intermediate tree representation of the parsed input that is simpler to process than the stream of tokens and can be efficiently processed multiple times Tree Parser : processes an AST StringTemplate : a library that supports using templates with placeholders for outputting text ( ex. Java source code )
An input character stream is fed into the lexer .
The lexer converts this to a stream of tokens that is fed to the parser .
The parser often constructs an AST which is fed to the tree parser .
The tree parser processes the AST and optionally produces text output , possibly using StringTemplate .
General Steps
The general steps involved in using ANTLR include the following .
Write the grammar using one or more files .
A common approach is to use three grammar files , each focusing on a specific aspect of the processing .
The first is the lexer grammar , which creates tokens from text input .
The second is the parser grammar , which creates an AST from tokens .
The third is the tree parser grammar , which processes an AST .
This results in three relatively simple grammar files as opposed to one complex grammar file .
Optionally write StringTemplate templates for producing output .
Debug the grammar using ANTLRWorks .
Generate classes from the grammar .
These validate that text input conforms to the grammar and execute target language " actions " specified in the grammar .
Write an application that uses the the generated classes .
Feed the application text that conforms to the grammar .
Part II - Jumping In
Example Description
Enough background information , let 's create a language !
Here 's a list of features we want our language to have :
run on a file or interactively
get help using ?
or help
or support a single data type : double
assign values to variables using syntax like a = 3.14
define polynomial functions using syntax like f( x ) = 3x ^2 - 4 x + 2
print strings , numbers , variables and function evaluations using syntax like
print " The value of f for " a " is " f(a )
print the definition of a function and its derivative using syntax like
print " The derivative of " f ( ) " is " f ' ( )
list variables and functions using list variables and list functions
and add and subtract functions using syntax like h = f - g
( note that the variables used in the functions do not have to match )
( note that the variables used in the functions do not have to match ) exit using exit or quit
Here 's some example input .
a = 3.14 f( x ) = 3x ^2 - 4 x + 2 print " The value of f for " a " is " f( a ) print " The derivative of " f ( ) " is " f ' ( ) list variables list functions g(y ) = 2y ^3 + 6 y - 5 h = f + g print h()
Here 's the output that would be produced .
The value of f for 3.14 is 19.0188 The derivative of f( x ) = 3x ^2 - 4 x + 2 is f'( x ) = 6 x - 4 # of variables defined : 1 a = 3.14 # of functions defined : 1 f( x ) = 3x ^2 - 4 x + 2 h( x ) = 2x^3 + 3x ^2 + 2 x - 3
Here 's the AST we'd like to produce for the input above , drawn by ANTLRWorks .
It 's split into three parts because the image is really wide .
The " nil " root node is automatically supplied by ANTLR .
Note the horizontal line under the " nil " root node that connects the three graphics .
Nodes with uppercase names are " imaginary nodes " added for the purpose of grouping other nodes .
We 'll discuss those in more detail later .
Important Classes
The diagram below shows the relationships between the most important classes used in this example .
Note the key in the upper - left corner of the diagram that distinguishes between classes provided by ANTLR , classes generated from our grammar by ANTLR , and classes we wrote manually .
Grammar Syntax
The syntax of an ANTLR grammar is described below .
grammar - type ?
grammar grammar - name ; grammar - options ?
token - spec ? attribute - scopes ?
grammar - actions ?
rule +
Comments in an ANTLR grammar use the same syntax as Java .
There are three types of grammars : lexer , parser and tree .
If a grammar - type is n't specified , it defaults to a combined lexer and parser .
The name of the file containing the grammar must match the grammar - name and have a " .g " extension .
The classes generated by ANTLR will contain a method for each rule in the grammar .
Each of the elements of grammar syntax above will be discussed in the order they are needed to implement our Math language .
Grammar Options
Grammar options include the following :
AST node type - ASTLabelType = CommonTree
This is used in grammars that create or parse ASTs .
CommonTree is a provided class .
It is also possible to use your own class to represent AST nodes .
infinite lookahead  backtrack = true
This provides infinite lookahead for all rules .
Parsing is slower with this on .
limited lookahead  k = integer
This limits lookahead to a given number of tokens .
output type  output = AST | template
Choose template when using the StringTemplate library .
when using the StringTemplate library .
Do n't set this when not producing output or doing so with printlns in actions .
token vocabulary  tokenVocab = grammar - name
This allows one grammar file to use tokens defined in another ( with lexer rules or a token spec . ) .
It reads generated . token files .
Grammar options are specified using the following syntax .
Note that quotes are n't needed around single word values .
options { name = ' value ' ; . . . }
Grammar Actions
Grammar actions add code to the generated code .
There are three places where code can be added by a grammar action .
Before the generated class definition :
This is commonly used to specify a Java package name and import classes in other packages .
The syntax for adding code here is @header { ... } .
In a combined lexer / parser grammar , this only affects the generated parser class .
To affect the generated lexer class , use @lexer : : header { ... } .
Inside the generated class definition :
This is commonly used to define constants , attributes and methods accessible to all rule methods in the generated classes .
It can also be used to override methods in the superclasses of the generated classes .
The syntax for adding code here is @members { ... } .
In a combined lexer / parser grammar , this only affects the generated parser class .
To affect the generated lexer class , use @lexer : : members { ... } .
Inside generated methods :
The catch blocks for the try block in the methods generated for each rule can be customized .
One use for this is to stop processing after the first error is encountered rathering than attempting to recover by skipping unrecognized tokens .
The syntax for adding catch blocks is @rulecatch { catch - blocks }
Part III - Lexers
Lexer Rules
A lexer rule or token specification is needed for every kind of token to be processed by the parser grammar .
The names of lexer rules must start with an uppercase letter and are typically all uppercase .
A lexer rule can be associated with :
a single literal string expected in the input
a selection of literal strings that may be found
a sequence of specific characters and ranges of characters using the cardinality indicators ? , * and +
A lexer rule cannot be associated with a regular expression .
When the lexer chooses the next lexer rule to apply , it chooses the one that matches the most characters .
If there is a tie then the one listed first is used , so order matters .
A lexer rule can refer to other lexer rules .
Often they reference " fragment " lexer rules .
These do not result in creation of tokens and are only present to simplify the definition of other lexer rules .
In the example ahead , LETTER and DIGIT are fragment lexer rules .
Whitespace and Comments
Whitespace and comments in the input are handled in lexer rules .
There are two common options for handling these : either throw them away or write them to a different " channel " that is not automatically inspected by the parser .
To throw them away , use " skip ( ) ; " .
To write them to the special " hidden " channel , use " $ channel = HIDDEN ; " .
Here are examples of lexer rules that handle whitespace and comments .
// Send runs of space and tab characters to the hidden channel .
WHITESPACE : (' ' | ' \t ' ) +
{ $ channel = HIDDEN ; } ; //
Treat runs of newline characters as a single NEWLINE token .
//
On some platforms , newlines are represented by a
character . //
On others they are represented by a \r and a
character .
NEWLINE : ( '\r ' ? '
' )+ ; //
Single - line comments begin with // , are followed by any characters // other than those in a newline , and are terminated by newline characters .
SINGLE_COMMENT : '//' ~( ' \r ' | '
' ) * NEWLINE { skip ( ) ; } ; // Multi- line comments are delimited by /* and */ // and are optionally followed by newline characters .
MULTI_COMMENT options { greedy = false ; } : '/*' .* '*/' NEWLINE ? { skip ( ) ; } ;
When the greedy option is set to true , the lexer matches as much input as possible .
When false , it stops when input matches the next element in the lexer rule .
The greedy option defaults to true except when the patterns " .*" and " .+ " are used .
For this reason , it did n't need to be specified in the example above .
If newline characters are to be used as statement terminators then they should n't be skipped or hidden since the parser needs to see them .
Our Lexer Grammar
lexer grammar MathLexer ; //
We want the generated lexer class to be in this package .
@header { package com.ociweb.math ; } APOSTROPHE : '\'' ; // for derivative ASSIGN : '='; CARET : '^ ' ; // for exponentiation FUNCTIONS : ' functions ' ; // for list command HELP : '? ' | ' help ' ; LEFT_PAREN : '('; LIST : ' list ' ; PRINT : ' print ' ; RIGHT_PAREN : ') '; SIGN : '+ ' | '-'; VARIABLES : ' variables ' ; // for list command NUMBER : INTEGER | FLOAT ; fragment FLOAT : INTEGER '. ' ' 0 '..'9 '+ ; fragment INTEGER : ' 0 ' | SIGN ? ' 1 '..' 9 ' ' 0 '..'9'*; NAME : LETTER ( LETTER | DIGIT | '_' ) * ; STRING_LITERAL : ' " ' NONCONTROL_CHAR * '" ' ; fragment NONCONTROL_CHAR : LETTER | DIGIT | SYMBOL | SPACE ; fragment LETTER : LOWER | UPPER ; fragment LOWER : 'a ' ..'z ' ; fragment UPPER : ' A '..'Z ' ; fragment DIGIT : ' 0 '..'9 ' ; fragment SPACE : ' ' | ' \t ' ; //
Note that SYMBOL does not include the double - quote character .
fragment SYMBOL : '!' | '#'..'/' | ':'..'@ ' | '[ '..' `' | '{ '..'~'; //
Windows uses \r
. UNIX and Mac OS X use
. //
To use newlines as a terminator , // they can't be written to the hidden channel !
NEWLINE : ( ' \r ' ? '
' )+ ; WHITESPACE : SPACE + { $ channel = HIDDEN ; } ;
We 'll be looking at the parser grammar soon .
When parser rule alternatives contain literal strings , they are converted into references to automatically generated lexer rules .
For example , we could eliminate the ASSIGN lexer rule above and change ASSIGN to ' = ' in the parser grammar .
Part IV - Parsers
Token Specifications
The lexer creates tokens for all input character sequences that match lexer rules .
It can be useful to create other tokens that either do n't exist in the input ( imaginary ) or have a better name than what is found in the input .
Imaginary tokens are often used to group other tokens .
In the parser grammar ahead , the tokens that play this role are DEFINE , POLYNOMIAL , TERM , FUNCTION , DERIVATIVE and COMBINE .
The syntax for specifying these kinds of tokens in a parser grammar is :
tokens { imaginary - name ; better - name = ' input - name ' ; }
Rule Syntax
The syntax for defining rules is
fragment ?
rule - name arguments ?
( returns return - values ) ?
throws - spec ? rule - options ?
rule - attribute - scopes ?
rule - actions ? : token - sequence - 1 | token - sequence - 2 ... ; exceptions - spec ?
The fragment keyword only appears at the beginning of lexer rules that are used as fragments ( described earlier ) .
Rule options include backtrack and k which customize those options for a specific rule instead of using the grammar - wide values specified as grammar options .
They are specified using the syntax options { ... } .
The token sequences are alternatives that can be selected by the rule .
Each element in the sequences can be followed by an action which is target language code ( such as Java ) in curly braces .
The code is executed immediately after a preceding element is matched by input .
The optional exceptions - spec customizes exception handling for this rule .
Elements in a token sequence can be assigned to variables so they can be accessed in actions .
To obtain the text value of a token that is referred to by a variable , use $ variable .
text .
There are several examples of this in the parser grammar that follows .
Creating ASTs
Parser grammars often create ASTs .
To do this , the grammar option output must be set to AST .
There are two approaches for creating ASTs .
The first is to use " rewrite rules " .
These appear after a rule alternative .
This is the recommended approach in most cases .
The syntax of a rewrite rule is
-> ^( parent child - 1 child - 2 ... child-n )
The second approach for creating ASTs is to use AST operators .
These appear in a rule alternative , immediately after tokens .
They work best for sequences like mathematical expressions .
There are two AST operators .
When a ^ is used , a new root node is created for all child nodes at the same level .
When a !
is used , no node is created .
This is often used for bits of syntax that are n't needed in the AST such as parentheses , commas and semicolons .
When a token is n't followed by one of them , a new child node is created for that token using the current root node as its parent .
A rule can use both of these approaches , but each rule alternative can only use one approach .
Rule Arguments and Return Values
The following syntax is used to declare rule arguments and return types .
rule - name [ type1 name1 , type2 name2 , ...] returns [ type1 name1 , type2 name2 , ... ] : ... ;
The names after the rule name are arguments and the names after the returns keyword are return values .
Note that rules can return more than one value .
ANTLR generates a class to use as the return type of the generated method for the rule .
Instances of this class hold all the return values .
The generated method name matches the rule name .
The name of the generated return type class is the rule name with " _return " appended .
Our Parser Grammar
parser grammar MathParser ; options { //
We 're going to output an AST .
output = AST ; //
We 're going to use the tokens defined in our MathLexer grammar .
tokenVocab = MathLexer ; } //
These are imaginary tokens that will serve as parent nodes // for grouping other tokens in our AST .
tokens { COMBINE ; DEFINE ; DERIVATIVE ; FUNCTION ; POLYNOMIAL ; TERM ; } //
We want the generated parser class to be in this package .
@header { package com.ociweb.math ; } //
This is the " start rule " .
// EOF is a predefined token that represents the end of input .
//
The " start rule " should end with this .
//
Note the use of the !
AST operator // to avoid adding the EOF token to the AST .
script : statement * EOF ! ; statement : assign | define | interactiveStatement | combine | print ; //
These kinds of statements only need to be supported // when reading input from the keyboard .
interactiveStatement : help | list ; //
Examples of input that match this rule include // " a = 19 " , " a = b " , " a = f( 2 ) " and " a = f ( b ) " .
assign : NAME ASSIGN value terminator -> ^( ASSIGN NAME value ) ; value : NUMBER | NAME | functionEval ; //
A parenthesized group in a rule alternative is called a " subrule " .
//
Examples of input that match this rule include " f( 2 ) " and " f ( b ) " .
functionEval : fn=NAME LEFT_PAREN ( v=NUMBER | v=NAME ) RIGHT_PAREN -> ^( FUNCTION $ fn $ v ) ; // EOF cannot be used in lexer rules , so we made this a parser rule .
// EOF is needed here for interactive mode where each line entered ends in EOF // and for file mode where the last line ends in EOF .
terminator : NEWLINE | EOF ; //
Examples of input that match this rule include // " f( x ) = 3x ^ 2 - 4 " and " g( x ) = y^ 2 - 2y + 1 " . //
Note that two parameters are passed to the polynomial rule .
define : fn=NAME LEFT_PAREN fv=NAME RIGHT_PAREN ASSIGN polynomial [ $ fn.text , $ fv.text ] terminator -> ^( DEFINE $ fn $ fv polynomial ) ; //
Examples of input that match this rule include // " 3x2 - 4 " and " y^2 - 2y + 1 " . // fnt = function name text ; fvt = function variable text //
Note that two parameters are passed in each invocation of the term rule .
polynomial [ String fnt , String fvt ] : term [ $ fnt , $ fvt ] ( SIGN term [ $ fnt , $ fvt ] ) * -> ^( POLYNOMIAL term ( SIGN term ) * ) ; //
Examples of input that match this rule include // " 4 " , " 4x " , " x ^2 " and " 4x ^2 " .
// fnt = function name text ; fvt = function variable text term [ String fnt , String fvt ] // tv = term variable : c=coefficient ? ( tv=NAME e=exponent ? ) ? //
What follows is a validating semantic predicate .
//
If it evaluates to false , a FailedPredicateException will be thrown .
//
It is testing whether the term variable matches the function variable .
{ tv == null ?
true : ( $ tv.text ) .equals ( $ fvt ) }? -> ^( TERM $ c? $ tv? $ e ? ) ; //
This catches bad function definitions such as // f( x ) = 2y catch [ FailedPredicateException fpe ] {
String tvt = $ tv.text ; String msg =
" In function \ " " + fnt + " \ " the term variable \ " " + tvt + " \ " does n't match function variable \ " " + fvt + " \ " . " ; throw new RuntimeException ( msg ) ; } coefficient : NUMBER ; //
An example of input that matches this rule is " ^2 " .
exponent : CARET NUMBER -> NUMBER ; //
Inputs that match this rule are " ? " and " help " .
help : HELP terminator -> HELP ; //
Inputs that match this rule include // " list functions " and " list variables " .
list : LIST listOption terminator -> ^( LIST listOption ) ; //
Inputs that match this rule are " functions " and " variables " .
listOption : FUNCTIONS | VARIABLES ; //
Examples of input that match this rule include // " h = f + g " and " h = f - g " .
combine : fn1=NAME ASSIGN fn2=NAME op=SIGN fn3=NAME terminator -> ^( COMBINE $ fn1 $ op $ fn2 $ fn3 ) ; //
An example of input that matches this rule is // print " f ( " a " ) = " f(a ) print : PRINT printTarget * terminator -> ^( PRINT printTarget* ) ; //
Examples of input that match this rule include // 19 , 3.14 , " my text " , a , f ( ) , f( 2 ) , f( a ) and f'( ) .
printTarget : NUMBER -> NUMBER | sl=STRING_LITERAL
-> $sl | NAME -> NAME //
This is a function reference to print a string representation .
| NAME LEFT_PAREN RIGHT_PAREN -> ^( FUNCTION NAME ) | functionEval | derivative ; //
An example of input that matches this rule is " f ' ( ) " .
derivative : NAME APOSTROPHE LEFT_PAREN RIGHT_PAREN -> ^( DERIVATIVE NAME ) ;
Part V - Tree Parsers
Rule Actions
Rule actions add code before and / or after the generated code in the method generated for a rule .
They can be used for AOP - like wrapping of methods .
The syntax @init { ... code ... } inserts the contained code before the generated code .
The syntax @after { ... code ... } inserts the contained code after the generated code .
The tree grammar rules polynomial and term ahead demonstrate using @init .
Attribute Scopes
Data is shared between rules in two ways : by passing parameters and / or returning values , or by using attributes .
These are the same as the options for sharing data between Java methods in the same class .
Attributes can be accessible to a single rule ( using @init to declare them ) , a rule and all rules invoked by it ( rule scope ) , or by all rules that request the named global scope of the attributes .
Attribute scopes define collections of attributes that can be accessed by multiple rules .
There are two kinds , global and rule scopes .
Global scopes are named scopes that are defined outside any rule .
To request access to a global scope within a rule , add scope name ; to the rule .
To access multiple global scopes , list their names separated by spaces .
The following syntax is used to define a global scope .
scope name { type variable ; ... }
Rule scopes are unnamed scopes that are defined inside a rule .
Rule actions in the defining rule and rules invoked by it access attributes in the scope with $ rule - name : : variable .
The following syntax is used to define a rule scope .
scope { type variable ; ... }
To initialize an attribute , use an @init rule action .
Our Tree Grammar
tree grammar MathTree ; options { //
We 're going to process an AST whose nodes are of type CommonTree .
ASTLabelType = CommonTree ; //
We 're going to use the tokens defined in // both our MathLexer and MathParser grammars .
//
The MathParser grammar already includes // the tokens defined in the MathLexer grammar .
tokenVocab = MathParser ; } @header { //
We want the generated parser class to be in this package .
package com.ociweb.math ; import java.util .Map ; import java.util .
TreeMap ; } //
We want to add some fields and methods to the generated class .
@members { //
We 're using TreeMaps so the entries are sorted on their keys // which is desired when listing them .
private Map < String , Function > functionMap = new TreeMap < String , Function >( ) ; private Map < String , Double > variableMap = new TreeMap < String , Double >( ) ; //
This adds a Function to our function Map. private void define ( Function function ) { functionMap.put( function.getName( ) , function ) ; } //
This retrieves a Function from our function Map // whose name matches the text of a given AST tree node .
private Function getFunction ( CommonTree nameNode ) { String name = nameNode.getText ( ) ; Function function = functionMap.get ( name ) ; if ( function == null ) {
String msg =
" The function \ " " + name + " \ " is not defined . " ; throw new RuntimeException ( msg ) ; } return function ; } //
This evaluates a function whose name matches the text // of a given AST tree node for a given value .
private double evalFunction ( CommonTree nameNode , double value ) { return getFunction ( nameNode ).getValue( value ) ; } //
This retrieves the value of a variable from our variable Map // whose name matches the text of a given AST tree node .
private double getVariable ( CommonTree nameNode ) { String name = nameNode.getText ( ) ; Double value = variableMap.get ( name ) ; if ( value == null ) { String msg =
" The variable \ " " + name + " \ " is not set . " ; throw new RuntimeException ( msg ) ; } return value ; } //
This just shortens the code for print calls .
private static void out ( Object obj ) { System.out.print ( obj ) ; } //
This just shortens the code for println calls .
private static void outln( Object obj ) { System.out.println( obj ) ; } //
This converts the text of a given AST node to a double .
private double toDouble ( CommonTree node ) { double value = 0.0 ; String text = node.getText ( ) ; try { value = Double.parseDouble ( text ) ; } catch ( NumberFormatException e ) { throw new RuntimeException ( " Cannot convert \ " " + text + " \ " to a double . " ) ; } return value ; } //
This replaces all escaped newline characters in a String // with unescaped newline characters .
//
It is used to allow newline characters to be placed in // literal Strings that are passed to the print command .
private static String unescape( String text ) { return text.replaceAll ( " \\ \
" , "
" ) ; } } // @members script : statement * ; statement : assign | combine | define | interactiveStatement | print ; //
These kinds of statements only need to be supported // when reading input from the keyboard .
interactiveStatement : help | list ; //
This adds a variable to the map .
//
Parts of rule alternatives can be assigned to variables ( ex. v ) // that are used to refer to them in rule actions .
//
Alternatively rule names ( ex. NAME ) can be used .
//
We could have used $ value in place of $v below .
assign : ^( ASSIGN NAME v=value ) { variableMap.put( $ NAME.text , $ v.result ) ; } ; //
This returns a value as a double .
//
The value can be a number , a variable name or a function evaluation .
value returns [ double result ] : NUMBER { $ result = toDouble ( $ NUMBER ) ; } | NAME { $ result = getVariable ( $ NAME ) ; } | functionEval { $ result = $ functionEval.result ; } ; //
This returns the result of a function evaluation as a double .
functionEval returns [ double result ] : ^( FUNCTION fn=NAME v=NUMBER ) { $ result = evalFunction ( $fn , toDouble ( $ v ) ) ; } | ^( FUNCTION fn=NAME v=NAME ) { $ result = evalFunction ( $fn , getVariable ( $ v ) ) ; } ; //
This builds a Function object and adds it to the function map .
define : ^( DEFINE name=NAME variable=NAME polynomial ) { define ( new Function ( $name.text , $ variable.text , $ polynomial.result ) ) ; } ; //
This builds a Polynomial object and returns it .
polynomial returns [ Polynomial result ] //
The " current " attribute in this rule scope is visible to // rules invoked by this one , such as term .
scope { Polynomial current ; } @init { $ polynomial : : current = new Polynomial ( ) ; } //
There can be no sign in front of the first term , // so " " is passed to the term rule .
//
The coefficient of the first term can be negative .
//
The sign between terms is passed to // subsequent invocations of the term rule . : ^( POLYNOMIAL term [ " " ] ( s=SIGN term [ $s.text ] ) * ) { $ result = $ polynomial : : current ; } ; //
This builds a Term object and adds it to the current Polynomial .
term [ String sign ] @init { boolean negate = " - " .equals ( sign ) ; } : ^( TERM coefficient=NUMBER ) { double c = toDouble ( $ coefficient ) ; if ( negate ) c = - c ; // applies sign to coefficient $ polynomial::current.addTerm( new Term ( c ) ) ; } | ^( TERM coefficient=NUMBER ? variable=NAME exponent=NUMBER ? ) { double c = coefficient == null ?
1.0 : toDouble ( $ coefficient ) ; if ( negate ) c = - c ; // applies sign to coefficient double exp = exponent == null ?
1.0 : toDouble ( $ exponent ) ; $ polynomial::current.addTerm( new Term(c , $ variable.text , exp ) ) ; } ; //
This outputs help on our language which is useful in interactive mode .
help : HELP { outln ( " In the help below " ) ; outln ( " * fn stands for function name " ) ; outln ( "* n stands for a number " ) ; outln ( " * v stands for variable " ) ; outln ( " " ) ; outln ( " To define " ) ; outln ( " * a variable : v = n " ) ; outln ( " * a function from a polynomial : fn( v ) = polynomial - terms " ) ; outln ( " ( for example , f( x ) = 3x ^2 - 4 x + 1 ) " ) ; outln ( " * a function from adding or subtracting two others : " + " fn3 = fn1 +|- fn2 " ) ; outln ( " ( for example , h = f + g ) " ) ; outln ( " " ) ; outln ( " To print " ) ; outln ( " * a literal string : print \ " text\ " " ) ; outln ( " * a number : print n " ) ; outln ( " * the evaluation of a function : print fn(n | v ) " ) ; outln ( " * the defintion of a function : print fn ( ) " ) ; outln ( " * the derivative of a function : print fn ' ( ) " ) ; outln ( " * multiple items on the same line : print i1 i2 ... in " ) ; outln ( " " ) ; outln ( " To list " ) ; outln ( " * variables defined : list variables " ) ; outln ( " * functions defined : list functions " ) ; outln ( " " ) ; outln ( " To get help : help or ? " ) ; outln ( " " ) ; outln ( " To exit : exit or quit " ) ; } ; //
This lists all the functions or variables that are currently defined .
list : ^( LIST FUNCTIONS ) { outln ( " # of functions defined : " + functionMap.size ( ) ) ; for ( Function function : functionMap.values ( ) ) { outln ( function ) ; } } | ^( LIST VARIABLES ) { outln ( " # of variables defined : " + variableMap.size ( ) ) ; for ( String name : variableMap.keySet ( ) ) { double value = variableMap.get ( name ) ; outln ( name + " = " + value ) ; } } ; //
This adds or substracts two functions to create a new one .
combine : ^( COMBINE fn1=NAME op=SIGN fn2=NAME fn3=NAME ) { Function f2 = getFunction ( fn2 ) ; Function f3 = getFunction ( fn3 ) ; if ( " +" .equals ( $op.text ) ) { // " $ fn1.text " is the name of the new function to create .
define ( f2.add ( $ fn1.text , f3 ) ) ; } else if ( " - " .equals ( $op.text ) ) { define ( f2.subtract ( $ fn1.text , f3 ) ) ; } else { //
This should never happen since SIGN is defined to be either " + " or " - " . throw new RuntimeException ( " The operator \ " " + $ op + " can not be used for combining functions . " ) ; } } ; //
This prints a list of printTargets then prints a newline .
print : ^( PRINT printTarget* ) { System.out.println ( ) ; } ; //
This prints a single printTarget without a newline . // " out " , " unescape " , " getVariable " , " getFunction " , " evalFunction " // and " toDouble " are methods we wrote that were defined // in the @members block earlier .
printTarget : NUMBER { out ( $ NUMBER ) ; } | STRING_LITERAL { String s = unescape( $ STRING_LITERAL.text ) ; out ( s.substring ( 1 , s.length ( ) - 1 ) ) ; // removes quotes } | NAME { out ( getVariable ( $ NAME ) ) ; } | ^( FUNCTION NAME ) { out ( getFunction ( $ NAME ) ) ; } //
The next line uses the return value named " result " // from the earlier rule named " functionEval " .
| functionEval { out ( $functionEval.result ) ; } | derivative ; //
This prints the derivative of a function .
//
This also could have been done in place in the printTarget rule .
derivative : ^( DERIVATIVE NAME ) { out ( getFunction ( $ NAME ) .getDerivative ( ) ) ; } ;
Part VI - ANTLRWorks
ANTLRWorks is a graphical grammar editor and debugger .
It checks for grammar errors , including those beyond the syntax variety such as conflicting rule alternatives , and highlights them .
It can display a syntax diagram for a selected rule .
It provides a debugger that can step through creation of parse trees and ASTs .
Rectangles in syntax diagrams correspond to fixed vocabulary symbols .
Rounded rectangles correspond to variable symbols .
Here 's an example of a syntax diagram for a selected lexer rule .
Here 's an example of a syntax diagram for a selected parser rule .
Here 's an example of requesting a grammar check , followed by a successful result .
Using the ANTLRWorks debugger is simple when the lexer and parser rules are combined in a single grammar file , unlike our example .
Press the Debug toolbar button ( with a bug on it ) , enter input text or select an input file , select the start rule ( allows debugging a subset of the grammar ) and press the OK button .
Here 's an example of entering the input for a different , simpler grammar that defines the lexer and parser rules in a single file :
The debugger controls and output are displayed at the bottom of the ANTLRWorks window .
Here 's an example using that same , simpler grammar :
Using the debugger when the lexer and parser rules are in separate files , like in our example , is a bit more complicated .
See the ANTLR Wiki page titled " When do I need to use remote debugging . "
Part VII - Putting It All Together
Using Generated Classes
Next we need to write a class to utilize the classes generated by ANTLR .
We 'll call ours Processor .
This class will use MathLexer ( extends Lexer ) , MathParser ( extends Parser ) and MathTree ( extends TreeParser ) .
Note that the classes Lexer , Parser and TreeParser all extend the class BaseRecognizer .
Our Processor class will also use other classes we wrote to model our domain .
These classes are named Term , Function and Polynomial .
We 'll support two modes of operation , batch and interactive .
Here 's our Processor class .
package com.ociweb.math ; import java.io.* ; import java.util.
Scanner ; import org.antlr.runtime .* ; import org.antlr.runtime.tree .* ; public class Processor { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) throws IOException , RecognitionException { if ( args.length == 0 ) { new Processor ( ) .processInteractive ( ) ; } else if ( args.length == 1 ) { // name of file to process was passed in new Processor ( ) .processFile ( args [ 0 ] ) ; } else { // more than one command - line argument System.err.println ( " usage : java com.ociweb.math .Processor [ file - name ] " ) ; } } private void processFile ( String filePath ) throws IOException , RecognitionException { CommonTree ast = getAST ( new FileReader( filePath ) ) ; //System.out.println(ast.toStringTree( ) ) ; // for debugging processAST ( ast ) ; } private CommonTree getAST ( Reader reader ) throws IOException , RecognitionException { MathParser tokenParser = new MathParser( getTokenStream ( reader ) ) ; MathParser.script_return parserResult = tokenParser.script( ) ; // start rule method reader.close ( ) ; return ( CommonTree ) parserResult.getTree( ) ; } private CommonToke nStream getTokenStream( Reader reader ) throws IOException { MathLexer lexer = new MathLexer ( new ANTLRReaderStream( reader ) ) ; return new CommonTokenStream ( lexer ) ; } private void processAST ( CommonTree ast ) throws RecognitionException { MathTree treeParser = new MathTree( new CommonTreeNodeStream( ast ) ) ; treeParser.script( ) ; // start rule method } private void processInteractive ( ) throws IOException , RecognitionException { MathTree treeParser = new MathTree ( null ) ; // a TreeNodeStream will be assigned later Scanner scanner = new Scanner ( System.in ) ; while ( true ) { System.out.print ( " math > " ) ; String line = scanner.nextLine ( ) .trim ( ) ; if ( " quit " .equals ( line ) || " exit " .equals ( line ) ) break ; processLine ( treeParser , line ) ; } } //
Note that we can't create a new instance of MathTree for each // line processed because it maintains the variable and function Maps.
private void processLine ( MathTree treeParser , String line ) throws RecognitionException { //
Run the lexer and token parser on the line .
MathLexer lexer = new MathLexer ( new ANTLRStringStream( line ) ) ; MathParser tokenParser = new MathParser ( new CommonTokenStream ( lexer ) ) ; MathParser.statement_return parserResult = tokenParser.statement ( ) ; // start rule method // Use the token parser to retrieve the AST .
CommonTree ast = ( CommonTree ) parserResult.getTree( ) ; if ( ast == null ) return ; // line is empty // Use the tree parser to process the AST .
treeParser.setTreeNodeStream( new CommonTreeNodeStream( ast ) ) ; treeParser.statement ( ) ; // start rule method } } // end of Processor class
Ant Tips
Ant is a great tool for automating tasks used to develop and test grammars .
Suggested independent " targets " include the following .
Use org.antlr .
Tool to generate Java classes and " .tokens " files from each grammar file .
" .tokens " files assign integer constants to token names and are used by org.antlr .
Tool when processing subsequent grammar files .
The " uptodate " task can be used to determine whether the grammar has changed since the last build .
The " unless " target attribute can be used to avoid running org.antlr .
Tool if the grammar has n't changed since the last build .
to generate Java classes and " .tokens " files from each grammar file .
Compile Java source files .
Run automated tests .
Run the application using a specific file as input .
Delete all generated files ( clean target ) .
For examples of all of these , download the source code from the URL listed at the end of this article and see the build.xml file .
Part VIII - Wrap Up
Hidden Tokens
By default the parser only processes tokens from the default channel .
It can however request tokens from other channels such as the hidden channel .
Tokens are assigned unique , sequential indexes regardless of the channel to which they are written .
This allows parser code to determine the order in which the tokens were encountered , regardless of the channel to which they were written .
Here are some related public constants and methods from the Token class .
static final int DEFAULT_CHANNEL
static final int HIDDEN_CHANNEL
int getChannel ( )
This gets the number of the channel where this Token was written .
This gets the number of the channel where this Token was written .
int getTokenIndex ( )
This gets the index of this Token .
Here are some related public methods from the CommonTokenStream class , which implements the TokenStream interface .
Token get ( int index )
This gets the Token found at a given position in the input .
This gets the Token found at a given position in the input .
List getTokens ( int start , int stop )
This gets a List of Tokens found between given positions in the input .
This gets a List of Tokens found between given positions in the input .
int index ( )
This gets the index of the last Token that was read .
Advanced Topics
We have demonstrated the basics of using ANTLR .
For information on advanced topics , see the slides from the presentation on which this article was based at https://objectcomputing.com/mark/programming/ANTLR3.html.
This web page contains links to the slides and the code presented in this article .
The advanced topics covered in these slides include the following .
remote debugging
using the StringTemplate library
details on the use of lookahead in grammars
three kinds semantic predicates : validating , gated and disambiguating
syntactic predicates
customizing error handling
g Unit grammar unit testing framework
Projects Using ANTLR
Many programming languages have been implemented using ANTLR .
These include Boo , Groovy , Mantra , Nemerle and XRuby .
Many other kinds of tools use ANTLR in their implementation .
These include Hibernate ( for its HQL to SQL query translator ) , Intellij IDEA , Jazillian ( translates COBOL , C and C++ to Java ) , JBoss Rules ( was Drools ) , Keynote ( from Apple ) , WebLogic ( from Oracle ) , and many more .
Books
Currently , only one book on ANTLR is available .
Terence Parr , creator of ANTLR , wrote " The Definitive ANTLR Reference "
It is published by " The Pragmatic Programmers . "
Terence is working on a second book for the same publisher that may be titled " ANTLR Recipes . "
Summary
There you have it !
ANTLR is a great tool for generating custom language parsers .
We hope this article will make it easier to get started creating validators , processors and translators .
References
German Researchers Attempt to Slow Glacier Melt with Giant Windshield
August 15th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
When we think about a problem as daunting as glacier melt , it s tempting to throw up our hands and say that there s nothing to be done .
But researchers at Johannes Gutenberg University in Germany disagree .
27 students from the school recently set up a large structure in the Swiss Alps in an attempt to trap cold air over the Rhone glacier .
The giant windshield measures 49 feet by 10 feet ( 15 metres long and 10 meters high ) .
The university says the shield has already been successfully tested in a laboratory .
But the experiment does nt have the support of the whole scientific community .
According to glaciologist Andreas Bauder , the shield probably could nt alter wind patterns enough to make a difference .
And even if it could , results would nt be visible for years .
While there is reason to be skeptical of the new experiment , we should nt dismiss it quite yet .
If it is successful , we might just buy ourselves a little more time to become a sustainable society .
Further Reading :
Appreciate CleanTechnica s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador  or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
I probably looked like any other derelict in the bus station ; dirty cap precariously askew on top of my earphones , well worn backpack and my fingers nervously tapping metal buttons in my pockets .
I was coming down from the emotional high of a family visit .
The buttons and the visit are a story for another day .
The station had its usual cast of characters , including an abundance of young college aged girls in their summer outfits returning from weekend visits .
This was not the usual Friday / Sunday crowd you see when the colleges are in session .
Then its large backpacks , jeans and pillows .
This had a breezier feel ; pink summer sun dresses , few signs of caffeine / speed cram session jitters .
Yeh , I look ; this is a Sunday afternoon at the bus station , not your daughter 's wedding reception .
Actually I would probably have wandering eyes at that too !
I do n't get too many invitations .
Sitting on a park bench
eyeing little girls with bad intent .
Snot running down his nose .
greasy fingers smearing shabby clothes .
My Sansa was playing tunes from Simon and Garfunkel 's Parsley Sage Rosemary and Thyme album .
One of the curses of being a recovering alcoholic is the lingering feeling of being " unwanted " .
No matter how many of the " steps " you may have completed , you know that you are never completely forgiven for the pain you may have caused .
You always believe that they ( family , friends , lovers , co-workers ) know you can do it again .
A recovering alcoholic , if they are honest with themselves and their disease , knows that he or she is only one drink away .
Thus the family 's suspicions and drunk 's paranoia are both justified !
Before three songs had gone through my head , I had followed the actions of three " unwanted " individuals .
I started to break out in a panic .
There was a story here , but I had neither pen nor paper .
I knew I could possibly record with the Sansa , but that would be too invasive .
I would no longer be an invisible observer .
Years ago , before leaving for my Peace Corps assignment , I had read that some tribal members in the old Belgian Congo believed that the camera could capture their soul .
I did n't bring a camera .
As I get older , I wonder if I paid too high a price for that sense of " respect " for others .
Every day I see " money " shots taken by young volunteers , missionaries and NGO personnel .
These are the same young people who crash lines at bus stations .
Enough of that rant ; we bred em , spoiled them and now have to live with them .
No one but ourselves to blame .
I am what I am , and I still had my fear of " soul catching " .
The South Station bus terminal in Boston has a small news stand .
Only three people at a time can fit in .
There were at least four surrounding the small displays .
With my pack I took up the space of two , but knew that my thoughts were fleeing fast .
I bulled my way in .
On the wall I saw a couple of small notebooks next to the condom display .
I grabbed a book and kept looking : lip balm , batteries , combs and handy wipes .
I pondered the lone yellow highlighter ; close , but I would never be able to decipher the notes when I got home .
The " line is thinly drawn ' tween joy and sorrow " .
I had 50 % of what I needed .
I carefully turned around so as not to knock everything down .
I waited my turn at the counter .
I put my notebook on the counter .
" Do you sell pens or pencils ?
Without hesitation the clerk reached down and placed a small black pen on the counter .
Again , without hesitation I pulled out $ 20.00 and slapped it down .
I would have left without any change if he had n't put some money on the counter .
With great joy , I raced , " Shadowed by the exit light " , back to continue my holy task :
His restless eyes leap and scratch
At all that they can touch or catch .
And hidden deep within his pocket
Safe within its silent socket
He holds a colored crayon
I will continue soon with the story of " The woman with the dog , the bus driver and the escaped convict " .
For now , you may enjoy reading :
The ad said : " No faint - hearted , pusillanimous , pussyfooting marchers , if you please !
RSVP "
Also , may I recommend for your enjoyment :
Send great evils to the wicked and great blessings to the righteous .
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Come back often to see what these piglets are discussing .
Pork may be on the menu .
Menu changes frequently .
web blog : Time Less Images
web blog : Comics Legends and Lore
web blog : Timeless Snippets
Click to view
Why have n't we met aliens yet ?
And why are n't we sending rockets all over the solar system ?
There is only one plausible explanation .
Earth is being quarantined !
A combination of higher alien civilizations and our own Earth - based military forces are working together to keep the Earth contained and neutralized .
The reasons why they would do this are obvious , but where is the evidence ?
Below , we 've got enough truly true facts to get your conspiracy engines revved up to maximum .
1 . We have been located in a backwater part of the galactic rim .
To keep Earth inhabitants away from the rest of the universe community , our planet was stuck way out in the boondocks at the rim of a second - rate galaxy .
Obviously only a higher alien intelligence could have done this , to prevent humans from leaking out everywhere and finding all the cool shit in the universe .
2 . Space debris is a shield to keep us from hearing alien broadcasts .
You 've heard that there are thousands of pieces of space junk orbiting Earth , posing a danger to orbiting spacecraft and creating a haze of garbage around the planet .
Recently the Chinese government created infinitely more space trash by shooting one of its satellites , scattering its shattered body into orbit .
What could be the possible reason for leaving all this junk in orbit , instead of cleaning it up ?
Obviously , our governments are using the junk as a deflection shield to prevent alien messages and craft from getting through .
And this suits the aliens just fine , since they 're quarantining us anyway .
3 . Space - based weapons prevent aliens from wanting to bond with us .
According to Alfred Webre , a Canadian futurist and author of the recent book Exopolitics :
Star Wars and the militarization of space is part of the information war against the integration with Universe society .
Star Wars is an " inside code word " for this war among the military planners .
The issue is whether our space technology will be in accord with Universal principles , or controlled by a military empire .
The USA will ultimately suffer ignominious defeat by Universe society should it persist as a space military power .
Advertisement
Well , that pretty much covers it .
4 . JPL scientists who are in on the quarantine efforts helped perpetuate the myths that were reported in Wired about how we could " never achieve interstellar travel . "
Why do n't they want us to believe in interstellar travel ?
Why ?
These are space scientists , dammit  does n't it strike you as odd that they are saying we should n't go to space ?
5 . NASA 's launch of a suborbital rocket fails .
Today NASA launched a suborbital rocket , but had to shoot it out of the sky due to alleged " launch failure . "
Really ?
Could this actually be an effort to discourage suborbital rockets , which might break through the space debris and catch sight of the Universe society ?
As one blogger points out , NASA already knows about aliens .
Thus , they 're the perfect organization to make it seem as if there were " problems " on a rocket that was about to run into alien vessels .
6 . Large Hadron Collider .
Seriously  need we say more ?
Any alien civilization worth its salt would know that when we start beaming subatomic particles through that giant , Swiss magnetic loop that the Terrible Events are about to begin .
Stay the hell away from Earth when that happens .
7 . Project Bluebook closed .
In the 1950s and 60s , the Air Force created Project Bluebook , an investigative project to figure out what all those UFOs were .
Despite the fact that people continue to see UFOs every day , the project was shut down in 1969 .
Why ?
Was that the year that the government learned about the Quarantine and decided to pull the wool over our eyes ?
8 . Twelve missions to Mars failed en route to the planet .
Sure we have some satellites orbiting Mars now , and three robots on the surface doing measurements .
But they 're only in the quarantined areas .
Whenever a satellite or spacecraft has tried to go near certain off - limits parts of the planet , they 've mysteriously disappeared .
Traces of them are never found again , even by the satellites that are supposedly photographing the planet in such minute detail that they can see this hunk of ice .
9 . Global warming makes planet more comfortable for everybody .
Little - discussed fact about global warming :
It will make all the least - inhabitable regions of the planet into a tropical paradise .
Climate change is basically a massive , multinational conspiracy to get everyone so comfy on Earth that they never want to go to ultra-cold Mars or the even colder reaches of deep space .
It 's good when people believe they actually CHOSE to be quarantined , is n't it ?
10 . Fly Me to the Moon
This movie about flies stowing away on a moon rocket was actually a government - sponsored plot to make traveling offworld seem so awful that nobody would ever want to do it again .
In the face of such compelling evidence , you cannot deny the TRUTH .
Somebody  or something  does n't want us to leave the planet .
We 're being . . . quarantined !!!
CONSUMER PRICES CONSUMER PRICES WASHINGTON  U.S. consumer inflation surged in July driven largely by soaring energy and food prices .
The Labor Department said Thursday its consumer price index jumped by a seasonally adjusted 0.8 % during the month , following a 1.1 % rise in June .
Inflation is up 5.6 % in the past 12 months , the largest year - over - year increase since 1991 .
Economists noted that oil prices have fallen significantly from a high closing price of $ 145.29 a barrel on July 3 , which should help general inflation moderate .
Oil on Thursday slid 99 cents to close at $ 115.01 per barrel .
Yields on Treasury bonds and notes fell , an indication that bond traders believe inflation will moderate .
Retailers might also have to discount to move merchandise as the impact of recent federal tax rebate checks wears off and consumer spending slows .
" Retail prices appear poised to drop more frequently than swimming records at the Beijing Olympics , " says Michael Gregory of BMO Capital Markets .
Private and government reports on Thursday showed falling wages , climbing applications for unemployment benefits and rising home foreclosures .
Inflation - adjusted average weekly earnings were down 3.1 % in the past 12 months , the Labor Department said .
That leaves the Federal Reserve in a bind as it tries to navigate between rising inflation and slumping growth .
The central bank has held a key interest rate steady since cutting it to a relatively low 2 % in April .
Some officials , including Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher , want the central bank to raise rates to keep price pressures under control .
In a Thursday speech in Montana , Minneapolis Fed President Gary Stern predicted modest growth and rising unemployment but also said he expected inflation to diminish , " absent a resurgence in energy and other commodity prices . "
Sung Won Sohn , economist at California State University , expects the Fed to stand pat for months .
The banking sector is struggling , constricting credit for businesses .
A strengthening dollar could hurt U.S. exports .
Sohn expects U.S. growth to remain subpar through 2009 and beyond .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Road Hog Vegetarian Driver Suffers Pig Nightmare on Motorway
The sight of a truckload of pigs headed for the sausage factory proved too much to bear for a German vegetarian woman who lost control of her vehicle as a result .
Unfortunately , she crashed into another truck carrying pigs .
For all the viruses , malware , and exploits that crawl around the web , fundamental flaws in the system are supposed to be few and far between , but the last two months have proven to be an exception to the rule .
In July , Dan Kaminsky revealed his discovery of a DNS flaw that could be exploited to direct unwitting users to malicious web addresses , Now , practically on the heels of that announcement , a hacker team that presented at DEFCON has demonstrated how a fundamental design error in the Internet 's border gateway protocol ( BGP ) can be used to invisibly eavesdrop on all traffic originating from a particular set of IP blocks .
Neither of these attack vectors are hacks in the typical sense of the word , as Wired 's own report explains .
Instead of injecting malicious code into a system or systems , the DNS and BGP assaults take advantage of inherent structural weaknesses in the Internet itself .
When the ARPANET was under development in the late 60s and early 70s , its designers chose to implement trust - based protocols .
At the time , this made sense ; ARPANET was a communications network between a relative handful of university and government institutions .
The Internet of today has grown beyond the projected size of ARPANET by multiple orders of magnitude .
The fact that it has scaled as well as it has is a testament to the engineers who built its foundation as well as those that came later , but the trust - based protocols that made sense in the 1970s do n't make sense today .
The flaw in BGP 's " trust everyone " system is n't new .
In 1998 , hacker - turned - security - expert Peiter Zatko ( aka Mudge ) testified to Congress that the entire ' Net could be brought down via an attack on BGP , but the issue received no serious attention , and development of a safer replacement to BGP that wo n't break the ' Net has been slow .
Earlier this month , Anton Kapela ( data center / network director for 5 Nines Data ) and Alex Pilsov ( CEO , Pilosoft ) demonstrated an attack that Zatko told Ars is " similar " to his , though some of the particulars differ .
In both cases , the fundamental assumptions BGP makes regarding trust are exploited to snoop data within a given range of IP addresses .
The first part of their attack is a standard IP hijack , but before we talk about that , let 's look at how the BGP system is supposed to function , if everyone plays by the rules .
BGP and IP hijacking
When a router receives a request for information , it responds with an IP address  that 's DNS in action .
Once the IP address has been received , the router is tasked with finding the best route to that particular location .
In order to do this , the router scans its BGP table , where information on routes is stored .
The " best " route is the one that corresponds as closely as possible to the address the router is actually looking for .
For example , say that a router is looking for IP address 123.255.189.25
It might find a dozen routers advertising that they connect to 123.xxx .xxx.xx , but that 's a very broad location .
Presented with its options , the router will choose to send its data to the ISP or other network that 's advertising itself as connecting to 123.255.xxx.xxx over sending it to an ISP that just advertises itself as 123 .
Once the data reaches 123.255 , the new router checks its BGP table , and forwards the packets along to the closest address it can find .
This system only works as long as trust is maintained .
The router that 's requesting information from its BGP table has no way of verifying that the address its forwarding data to is actually the best path .
It assumes that it is , because it assumes that the announcements its receiving ( ASes ) are valid .
The first step in an IP hijack is to break that trust , and advertise false information .
If a hacker wants to see all of the traffic that 's headed towards 123.255.189.25 ( or towards that block of addresses ) , he advertises himself as a router specifically aimed at those addresses .
His announcement is picked up , retransmitted , and presto , he 's now receiving the information that he wants .
The reason IP hijacking is n't more common is because its pretty darned noticeable .
When Pakistan attempted to block YouTube from its citizens , it did so by routing the YouTube addresses into a black hole  a nondestination destination .
Unfortunately , that routing information got out into the Internet , circled the globe , and left the entire world without YouTube access .
YouTube itself was still there , but no one could see it .
This , perhaps , is the most obvious case of ( unintentional ) IP hijacking ever , but smaller attempts are typically just as obvious to the companies or organizations affected by them .
Up until now , interception was easy , but so was detection .
Pilosov and Kapela , however , have found and demonstrated a way to intercept communication and then forward it back along to its original intended recipient .
This is normally impossible ; having established himself as the most direct router for a given address , any data the hijacker attempts to follow is promptly returned .
Pilosov and Kapela bypass this issue by prepending the IP address they feed to certain routers .
Prepending refers to attaching additional numbers to their own advertised route , in order to ensure that certain routers reject it .
Once a router has rejected their address , the hacker feeds the data to be forwarded on to it .
The data is processed and sent to where the router thinks it should go , which means it ends up forwarded on to its intended recipient .
The result ?
The end - user has no idea anything is happening  and neither does anyone else .
According to the team , the redirect method they use leaves virtually no evidence , and would require expert analysis to find .
The only way to solve the problem is to develop a system that would allow each step in the process to be signed and certified .
There are several different working groups that have tried to develop such a system , and at least one of them , Secure BGP ( S - BGP ) , has been demonstrated as a proof - of - concept solution .
Processing the additional certificates , and validating their authenticity , however , would require current - generation routers to devote a significant amount of horsepower to that task , and would impact their ability to handle traffic ( assuming they could even handle both tasks simultaneously ) .
Cisco and the various other networking vendors would love to sell new equipment to customers , but first that equipment has to be developed and tested , the new protocol has to be adopted , and the businesses and companies in question have to shoulder the burden of replacing a significant chunk of their own network infrastructure .
Ars spoke to Zatko regarding the seriousness of the BGP vulnerability , and asked whether or not this issue was being blown out of proportion .
" I 'd put the BGP and DNS attacks at least on par with each other , " Zatko told us .
" You really need both protocols and infrastructure for everyday use of the Internet .
But without DNS , packets can still get from IP address to IP address .
The converse does not hold .
My friend Dan Kaminsky recently made the well - known DNS cache poisoning trick very easy to pull off .
So on that aspect I think the DNS attack might be a bit more accessible to many people . "
Unfortunately , Kaminsky 's DNS flaw and the BGP exploit Zatko , Pilosov , and Kapela have worked on are different in one very important way .
Kaminsky 's flaw was not revealed to the public until July , by which point a solution had already been devised and patches were being pushed out to those that needed them .
This BGP attack vector , on the other hand , has no hope of an immediate patch , and , as yet , no vendor agreement on which secure protocol to back .
SBGP is one option , but Cisco has proposed its own solution ( soBGP ) , and there are several others .
Until a protocol is agreed upon , there 's no chance of fixing the problem , which means this is one hole that 's going to stay open for the foreseeable future .
fsjk85 at the Australian Whirlpool forums was playing around with his camcorder 's NightShot function when he found something interesting -- a hidden data matrix code on the left side of the iPhone 3G .
We 're guessing that 's where Apple imprints the serial and IMEI numbers of each handset since it can't exactly hide them under a removable battery ( cough ) , but we 'll leave it to the rest of you to decode this sneaky tag and solve the mystery once and for all .
We just got a much higher - res image of the code -- check it after the break .
[ Thanks Ben ]
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
If you know someone struggling with getting in and out of their Vehicles , check out the HandyBar .
It 's the ultimate in Mobility Aids .
InfoBarrel is a writing platform for non-fiction , reference - based , informative content .
Opinions expressed by InfoBarrel writers are their own .
Decades before Allied prisoners dreamed up plans to slip out of Nazi clutches , 29 officers tunnelled their way out of a tough PoW camp in Germany
It was certainly a Great Escape , even if it did not get the Hollywood treatment of Steve McQueen on his motorbike .
The little known story of the prisoners of war who tunnelled out of a German camp in 1918 is to be told in a major exhibition that will show how they pioneered the subterfuge before their celebrated Second World War counterparts .
The story of the attempt by 60 officers to break out of Holzminden camp during the First World War has long been eclipsed by films about PoWs set in the Nazi era , such as The Colditz Story and The Great Escape , starring McQueen , James Garner and Richard Attenborough as captives at Stalag Luft III .
From this week , however , the audacious bid for freedom will be featured in the Imperial War Museum London 's show ' In Memoriam : Remembering the Great War ' , marking the 90th anniversary of the armistice on 11 November .
' Everybody 's heard of The Great Escape , but it will surprise our visitors to see that similar escape attempts took place in the First World War , ' said Terry Charman , senior historian at the museum .
' Holzminden was the worst prisoner of war camp in Germany and had a reputation like Colditz for being inescapable .
Its commandant , Karl Niemeyer , was particularly brutal .'
Holzminden , near Hanover , held 550 officers and 100 orderlies , and after it opened in September 1917 there were 17 escape attempts in the first month alone .
All were unsuccessful .
In November that year the prisoners began digging a tunnel that would run under the camp 's perimeter wall .
They were assisted by three German administrators at the camp : a mailman who became known to the soldiers as ' the letter boy ' , a man who supplied torches and was dubbed ' the electric light boy ' , and a female typist who passed on information because she was infatuated with an airman .
The captives had a room at the barracks in which they made imitation German army uniforms and used a basic camera to forge identity documents .
They also created an air pump out of wood and tin tubes from biscuit tins .
The tunnellers worked in three - hour shifts , in teams of three , using trowels , chisels and a ' mumptee ' , an instrument with a spike on one end and an excavating blade on the other .
The earth was moved in basins by a pulley system then hidden in the cellar roof .
One of the biggest threats came from the Allies ' own side , when new PoWs arrived and asked , within earshot of the Germans : ' Are you building a tunnel ? '
But it remained undiscovered and nine months later was 60 yards long and six feet deep .
In July 1918 , 60 officers began the escape attempt , getting away through a nearby field of rye .
But the tunnel collapsed on the 30th man , blocking the escape route .
It meant that the next one , Major Jack Shaw , had to turn back .
Of the 29 escapers from Holzminden , 19 were rounded up and taken back to the camp , partly because the alarm had been raised by a farmer whose rye field had been trampled .
But the remaining 10 made a successful run to neutral territory , led by Wing Commander Charles Rathborne , who hid on board a train and reached the Dutch frontier after three days .
The 10 great escapers were awarded medals at Buckingham Palace by George V .
Terry Charman said he hoped the exhibition would help to preserve the memory of the first great escape .
' In Memoriam ' will also feature the Military Cross awarded to Wilfred Owen that was worn by the poet 's mother until her death .
 The ' In Memoriam ' exhibition runs from 30 September ( iwm.org.uk )
If the notion of dark energy sounds improbable , get readyfor an even more outlandish suggestion .
Earth may be trapped in an abnormal bubble of space - timethat is particularly void of matter .
Scientists say this condition couldaccount for the apparent acceleration of the universe 's expansion , for which darkenergy currently is the leading explanation .
Dark energy is the name given tothe hypothetical force that could be drawing all the stuff in the universeoutward at an ever - increasingrate .
Current thinking is that 74 percent of the universe could be made upof this exotic dark energy , with another 21 percent being dark matter , andnormal matter comprising the remaining 5 percent .
Until now , there has been no good way to choose between darkenergy or the void explanation , but a new study outlines a potential test ofthe bubble scenario .
If we were in an unusually sparse area of the universe , thenthings could look farther away than they really are and there would be no needto rely on dark energy as an explanation for certain astronomical observations .
" If we lived in a very large under - density , then thespace - time itself would n?t be accelerating , " said researcher TimothyClifton of Oxford University in England .
" It would just be that theobservations , if interpreted in the usual way , would look like they were . "
Scientists first detected the acceleration by noting that distantsupernovae seemed to be moving away from us faster than they should be .
Onetype of supernova ( called Type Ia ) is a useful distance indicator , because theexplosions always have the same intrinsic brightness .
Since light gets dimmerthe farther it travels , that means that when the supernovae appear faint to us , they are far away , and when they appear bright , they are closer in .
But if we happened to be in a portion of the universe withless matter in it than normal , then the space - time around us would be differentthan it is outside , because matter warps space - time .
Light travelling fromsupernovae outside our bubble would appear dimmer , because the light woulddiverge more than we would expect once it got inside our void .
One problem with the void idea , though , is that it negates aprinciple that has reigned in astronomy for more than 450 years : namely , thatour place in the universe is n't special .
When Nicholas Copernicus argued thatit made much more sense for the Earth to be revolving around the sun than viceversa , it revolutionized science .
Since then , most theories have to pass the Copernican test .
If they require our planet to be unique , or our position to beexalted , the ideas often seem unlikely .
" This idea that we live in a void would really be astatement that we live in a special place , " Clifton told SPACE.com .
"
The regular cosmological model is based on the idea that where we live isa typical place in the universe .
This would be a contradiction to theCopernican principle . "
Clifton , along with Oxford researchers Pedro G. Ferreira and Kate Land , say that in coming years we may be able to distinguish between darkenergy and the void .
They point to the upcoming Joint Dark Energy Mission , planned by NASA and the U.S. Department of Energy to launch in 2014 or 2015 .
The satellite aims to measure the expansion of the universe precisely byobserving about 2,300 supernovae .
The scientists suggest that by looking at a large number ofsupernovae in a certain region of the universe , they should be able to tellwhether the objects are really accelerating away , or if their light is merelybeing distorted in a void .
The new study will be detailed in an upcoming issue of thejournal Physical Review Letters .
" If anything , my portrayal of David Palmer , I think , may have helped open the eyes of the American people , " said the actor , who has contributed 2,300 US dollars to the Illinois Democrat 's presidential campaign .
" And I mean the American people from across the board - from the poorest to the richest , every colour and creed , every religious base - to prove the possibility there could be an African - American president , a female president , any type of president that puts the people first , " he said .
Haysbert , who now stars on The Unit on CBS , made his comments to reporters during a teleconference call promoting the upcoming American Century Celebrity Golf Championship at Lake Tahoe .
Haysbert , who also played Nelson Mandela in the 2007 film Goodbye Bafana , said his role as President Palmer seemed to " confuse people " who would approach him on the street " every day , almost every hour , and ask me to run " .
" I still , even after three seasons into The Unit playing Sergeant Major Jonas Blaine , I 'm still asked by people on the street to run , " he said .
Haysbert , 54 , said he recently stopped for dinner south of Los Angeles with his daughter in Dana Point , California , a town he described as " very wealthy , very white and very Republican " .
" I go into this little restaurant with that demographic and a lady comes up to me and says , ' You know , I want to vote for you , ' " he said .
" I do n't know if it is a joke or that people just like to say those things .
But to me , for them to say it out loud means they are thinking about it . "
John McCain :  Opening up the health insurance market to more vigorous nationwide competition , as we have done over the last decade in banking , would provide more choices of innovative products less burdened by the worst excesses of state - based regulation . 
Late Update : Obviously , to rejigger that wonderful line , this is not excellent news for John McCain .
If the Obama folks are smart  and they are  they ll ride this one all the way to the election .
But among ourselves let s admit that you could only be surprised by this statement if you were willfully ignorant to what McCain and his key advisors believe .
Remember , his top economics advisor is former Sen.
Phil Gramm , the legislative architect of the banking and financial services deregulation that led to the current crisis .
And his health care proposals are all off - the - rack Heritage Foundation - style initiatives based on the premise that people have too much , not too little insurance .
The only thing jarring about the statement is the degree to which it has been overtaken by events as McCain now tries  a la Palin the Earmark - Killer  to rebrand himself as a Mr. Wall Street oversight and transparency when he s been pushing deregulation for 25 years .
Scientists who sequenced the mitochondrial DNA of a 38,000 - year - old Neanderthal returned no evidence of ancestral interbreeding with our long - lost cousins .
That mild disappointment aside , the study , published today in Cell , is an impressive technical achievement .
" For the first time , we 've built a sequence from ancient DNA that is essentially without error , " said study co-author Richard Green , a Max - Planck Institute anthropologist , in a press release .
They could do so in part because the mitochondrial genome , housed in cell - powering mitochondria rather than cell nuclei , contains just 37 genes .
( The full human genome contains about 25,000 genes . )
The researchers sequenced their sample no fewer than 37 times .
Because mitochondrial DNA is passed directly from mother to child without mixing with a father 's genetic material , it gives evolutionary anthropologists a well - marked trail into the past .
Scientists eventually hope to sequence a full Neanderthal genome .
A complete Neandertal Mitochondrial Genome Sequence Determined by High - Throughput Sequencing [ Cell ]
*
Image : Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Republican State Senator Lyda Green , the president of the Alaska Senate , has been no fan of Governor Sarah Palin .
After John McCain tapped Palin to be his running mate , Green told the Anchorage Daily News ,  She s not prepared to be governor .
How can she be prepared to be vice president or president ?
Look at what she s done to this state .
What would she do to the nation ? 
For two years , Green feuded with Palin over key policy matters .
But in recent days , Green has become even more dismayed with the Palin pick , for she believes the McCain - Palin campaign has undermined the rule of law in the Last Frontier .
She says she has watched with outrage as McCain - Palin operatives have flown into her state and interfered with the so - called Troopergate investigation  the official , approved - by - the - legislature inquiry into whether Palin dismissed her public safety commissioner because he refused to fire her ex-brother - in - law , a state trooper who went through a messy divorce with Palin s sister .
Calling herself a  raging Republican ,  Green says , she is  absolutely disgusted , embarrassed , and ashamed  by the McCain - Palin campaign s intervention in the Troopergate probe .
Over a week ago , McCain campaign aides began handling the investigation for Palin .
The campaign dispatched Edward OCallaghan , who recently had been a terrorism prosecutor in the Justice Department , to Alaska to oversee Palin s legal strategy .
OCallaghan then declared she would not cooperate with the inquiry .
( Before becoming the GOP vice presidential nominee , Palin had repeatedly vowed to cooperate .
At one point , she said ,  I m happy to comply , to cooperate .
I have absolutely nothing to hide .  )
And last Thursday , OCallaghan announced that Palin s husband , Todd , would not heed a subpoena to appear before a state legislative committee to testify about his role in Troopergate .
Meanwhile , state Attorney General Talis Colberg , a Palin appointee , said that he would instruct state employees subpoenaed in the case to refuse to testify ( after his Department of Law had already arranged for the state employees to cooperate ) .
And Palin attorney Thomas Van Fleinwho once was being paid by the state government and who now says he is being paid privately last week released official state emails that the Palin camp pointed to as proof that Walt Monegan , the dismissed public safety commissioner , had been fired because of insubordination .
( A month earlier Palin had given a reporter a much different account of what had happened with Monegan , and Monegan has produced records he claims undermine the insubordination argument . )
Van Flein also sent a letter to Troopergate investigator Steve Branchflower saying that one reason Todd Palin was not complying with the subpoena was that the proceeding  with an ethics investigation involving the Governor during a period in which she is involved in a campaign for public office  is a violation  of due process under the Alaska Constitution . 
That is , a governor cannot be investigated for an ethics violation whenever he or she is campaigning for an office .
Ever since the McCain operatives became involved , the pushback against the investigation has been fierce .
Five Republican legislators filed a lawsuit to stop the investigation , which had been unanimously endorsed by a bipartisan council of the state House and Senate .
They claimed the probe was  a  McCarthyistic  investigation  and was compromised because Democrats who supported the investigation were Obama backers .
A Texas - based conservative legal outfit called the Liberty Legal Institute has been representing these lawmakers .
Six Alaskan residents filed a similar but separate lawsuit .
And the Republican Speaker of the House , John Harris , stepped back from his previous endorsement of the investigation .
The campaign against the investigation has been reminiscent of the Florida recount .
Oce again , Republican lawyers and political operatives parchute in and mount a kitchen - sink effort to stymie the workings of a local government .
All of this has Green upset .
 It is very distressing ,  she says ,  that a national campaign would come into our state and tell our attorney general to tell our state employees not to honor subpoenas , to obstruct justice . 
She says she is exploring various options .
The subpoenas cannot be enforced while the House and Senate are out of session , and neither body is due to return to the state capitol until January .
Green , who is retiring as a state senator , says she is looking into whether she could call just the Senate back .
The body could vote to instruct the attorney general to change his position ; it could vote to impose punishments on those not complying with the subpoenas .
But the Republican - controlled House might not be eager to return in order to inconvenience McCain s running mate .
( The state Senate has a small Democratic majority ; because a Democratic - Republican coalition controls the body , Green , a Republican , is Senate president . )
 We re looking at a lot of choices ,  Green says .
 I just started making phone calls .
But we do nt want to end up with any court action that says the legislature does nt have the power to do what we want to do .
The court usually defers to the power of the legislature .
And my hunch is that it would under normal circumstances .
But these are not normal circumstances . 
Green is alarmed by the McCain squad s use of hardball tactics and  the length to which they re going to impede and delay  the investigation .
The local press conferences held by McCain - Palin aides , she adds ,  are vile .
They re attacking nice people , saying things that are not true .
Walt Monegan has been respected in all circles .
To see him used as a scapegoat is very disheartening . 
As soon as the McCain ops became involved in the investigation , the Palin camp and its supporters began relying on a mantra : the probe was tainted by politics .
 I can assure you Barack Obama has no role in this investigation ,  Green says .
 They keep saying it s tainted .
Say something over and over , it s true , right ?
This has been a very sophisticated intrusion into Alaska , which usually does nt want people coming up here and telling us what to do . 
On Sunday , the Anchorage Daily News ran an Associated Press story headlined ,  Troopergate seems to be trapped in limbo . 
The article noted that even though Branchflower says he plans to release some sort of a report by October 10 ,  the probe is effectively killed until January . 
The sub - headline on the article :  McCain campaign uses its power . 
At the momentdespite Green s effortsit seems that power may have triumphed .
Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
Katerina Emmons of the Czech Republic had the honour of winning the first gold medal of the Beijing Olympics in the women 's 10 m air rifle event .
Lioubov Galkina of Russia claimed the silver , and Snjezana Pejcic of Croatia took bronze .
There was disappointment for the home fans as China 's defending champion Du Li failed to get amongst the medals .
Emmons capped her win by setting an Olympic record of 503.5 points , after shooting a perfect 400 in qualifying .
The 24 - year - old Czech wife of American shooter Matt Emmons shot a near flawless 103.5 in the final to take the gold .
She revealed afterwards how she overcame nerves and a splitting headache to become Olympic champion .
606 : DEBATE " Thank God it 's over because I was so nervous , " she said .
" I had a headache this morning .
I felt so terrible that I did not know how I would shoot .
" So to win the first gold medal of this Olympics is pretty amazing . "
Emmons ' win at the the Beijing Shooting Range Hall marks a big improvement on four years ago , where she finished with bronze behind Li and Galkina .
Russian shooter Galkina finished just a point behind the champion to claim silver once more .
Li , who fled the hall in tears , blamed the pressure of competing at home for her failure in the competition saying , " she was n't fully prepared for the pressure of competing at home " .
BBC reporter Eleanor Oldroyd was covering the event and explained : " Shed already talked about the problem of performing in front of her home fans .
" In competitions overseas she wasnt put off by the chatter of the crowd , because she couldnt understand what they were saying  but in China , she could . "
International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge was among the crowd of 5,000 to present the first medals of the Games .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Shooting medals table Rank Country Gold Silver Bronze TOTAL 1 also show each event results for China 5 2 1 8 Men's 10 m Air Pistol 1 0 0 Men's 10 m Air Rifle 1 1 0 Men's 50 m Pistol 0 1 0 Men's 50 m Rifle 3 Positions 1 0 0 Men's Double Trap 0 0 1 Women 's 10 m Air Pistol 1 0 0 Women 's 50 m Rifle 3 Positions 1 0 0 2 also show each event results for USA 2 2 2 6 Men's 10 m Air Pistol 0 0 1 Men's 50 m Rifle Prone 0 1 0 Men's Double Trap 1 0 0 Men's Skeet 1 0 0 Women 's Skeet 0 1 0 Women 's Trap 0 0 1 3 also show each event results for Czech Republic 2 1 0 3 Men's Trap 1 0 0 Women 's 10 m Air Rifle 1 0 0 Women 's 50 m Rifle 3 Positions 0 1 0 4 also show each event results for Ukraine 2 1 0 3 Men's 25 m Rapid Fire Pistol 1 0 0 Men's 50 m Rifle 3 Positions 0 1 0 Men's 50 m Rifle Prone 1 0 0 5 also show each event results for Italy 1 2 0 3 Men's Double Trap 0 1 0 Men's Trap 0 1 0 Women 's Skeet 1 0 0 6 also show each event results for South Korea 1 1 0 2 Men's 10 m Air Pistol 0 1 0 Men's 50 m Pistol 1 0 0 7 also show each event results for Finland 1 0 1 2 Men 's 10 m Air Rifle 0 0 1 Women 's Trap 1 0 0 8 also show each event results for India 1 0 0 1 Men's 10 m Air Rifle 1 0 0 9 also show each event results for Russia 0 2 2 4 Men's 50 m Pistol 0 0 1 Men's Trap 0 0 1 Women 's 10 m Air Pistol 0 1 0 Women 's 10 m Air Rifle 0 1 0 10 also show each event results for Germany 0 1 3 4 Men's 25 m Rapid Fire Pistol 0 1 1 Women's 25 m Pistol 0 0 1 Women 's Skeet 0 0 1 11 also show each event results for Mongolia 0 1 0 1 Women 's 25 m Pistol 0 1 0 12 also show each event results for Norway 0 1 0 1 Men 's Skeet 0 1 0 13 also show each event results for Slovakia 0 1 0 1 Women 's Trap 0 1 0 14 also show each event results for Australia 0 0 1 1 Men 's 50 m Rifle Prone 0 0 1 15 also show each event results for Croatia 0 0 1 1 Women 's 10 m Air Rifle 0 0 1 16 also show each event results for Cuba 0 0 1 1 Women 's 50 m Rifle 3 Positions 0 0 1 17 also show each event results for France 0 0 1 1 Men 's Skeet 0 0 1 18 also show each event results for Georgia 0 0 1 1 Women 's 10 m Air Pistol 0 0 1 19 also show each event results for Slovenia 0 0 1 1 Men's 50 m Rifle 3 Positions 0 0 1
BBC Sport 's Olympic map Find out about the Beijing shooting venue
see also Olympics blog
07 Aug 08 | Olympics Beijing 2008
14 Feb 08 | Olympics Faulds and Kerwood 's guide to target shooting
26 Jul 08 | Shooting
related internet links : Beijing 2008 - shooting British Shooting International Shooting Sports Federation Pistol shooting from the BOA Rifle shooting from the BOA Shotgun from the BOA
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external internet sites
0 ratings 0 % found this document useful ( 0 votes ) 17 views 2 pages
Mccain Pro Life ?
We Don T Think So
Original Title : Catholics for Obama
Uploaded by Phillybrarian
Description : Know any Catholics ( or other Christians ) basing their presidential vote on the abortion issues ?
Show them this flyer .
Full description
Teaching Programming Languages in a Post - Linnaean Age
Shriram Krishnamurthi
SIGPLAN Workshop on Undergraduate Programming Language Curricula , 2008
Abstract
Programming language  paradigms  are a moribund and tedious legacy of a bygone age .
Modern language designers pay them no respect , so why do our courses slavishly adhere to them ?
This paper argues that we should abandon this method of teaching languages , offers an alternative , reconciles an important split in programming language education , and describes a textbook that explores these matters .
Comment
The book discussed in this paper is available here .
Paper
PDF
With the release of Firefox 3 , I mounted a private celebration : I went back to using Opera 9.5 as my main browser .
This was n't just perversity .
Firefox without its add - ons is clearly inferior to Opera .
Firefox with enough add - ons to make it really useful is very much slower .
And Opera has one advantage over all the competition which is enough to outweigh all its other faults to me .
I do n't mean that Firefox is a bad browser .
There 's very little it wo n't do , and many of the add-ons are thoughtful and effective .
I still love Zotero , which does citations and bibliographies from web sources and integrates with Word and OpenOffice .
For anyone doing remotely scholarly work , this is wonderful .
It 's worth keeping Firefox around for that one add - on , and I will certainly do so .
There are other valuable Firefox add - ons , too .
Piclens is a gorgeous and thought - provoking way of looking at photographs .
Adblock is indispensable , and I have written about it before ( Drugs and Adblock should n't be in the hands of everyone else , May 1 2008 ) .
" It 's All Text " lets you drop the contents of any text box into a real editor which will correct typos , do search and replace and so on .
Tab mix plus keeps tabs in order ; other add - ons will turn Firefox into a blog editor or an RSS reader .
But almost all these powers come with Opera out of the box .
It has no blog editor , but I do n't need one .
I can't find the equivalent to " It 's all text " , but I know it has existed .
It does the two things that I really need in any browser , which are tab management and ad - blocking , very well indeed .
It has a crude but effective note facility which can be synchronised across computers .
The bookmarks and the history are both indexed and can be searched almost instantaneously .
Best of all , though , is its mail program .
I hated it at first , but I missed it for the whole year that I have n't used it .
Opera 's mail is unique - so far as I know - in that it indexes everything without fuss and finds it at once whenever you want it .
It does n't organise by folders ( though it can ) but by searches and by tags .
Imagine a sort of instantaneous Gmail that works offline as well .
All conversations can be automatically threaded and this suits the way I work much better than anything else .
It 's not perfect .
It 's ugly , and it does n't do HTML mail .
It does n't integrate well with the operating system .
For some these will be insuperable objections , but anyone who just cares about finding and answering their email quickly should give Opera a try .
The contrast between Opera and Firefox is an interesting example of the contrasting strengths of open and closed source .
Opera has always been closed source , and commercial and proprietary even though it is nowadays free to use .
The good results of this are obvious .
It was innovative , original and responsive to customer pressure - none of these qualities I 'd associate with open source .
Because its users and its programmers were always distinct groups , the programmers thought much harder about how to please the users - sometimes even before the users knew what they wanted .
Opera 's excellent mobile phone browser is years ahead of Firefox 's project there .
Firefox started with the ambition that a significant proportion of the users would be converted into programmers .
In open source the boundary between the two groups is meant to be blurred .
The good result is that the browser is very much easier to extend .
There is n't and there could n't be an Opera equivalent to the Firefox add - ons community .
The bad result is that the extensions endlessly repeat each other .
Firefox , now that it is an established success , will never run short of programmers , whereas Opera has been held back by a lack of them .
The mail program , for example , was truly revolutionary when it first appeared five years ago , but it seems to have been the work of only one man , and he definitely needs help to keep it ahead of the game .
But far more projects have been wrecked by having too many programmers than too few .
thewormbook.com/helmintholog
Some of John McCain s most visible and engaged advisers have advanced positions that appear to conflict with the Arizona senator s stances on hot - button topics .
McCain s cacophonous Cabinet
Republican faithful have grumbled in recent weeks about the lack of a consistent message from John McCain s campaign on key issues , leading observers to wonder what McCain s top advisers are thinking .
The answer , it turns out , could be part of the problem .
Advertisement
Some of McCain s most visible and engaged advisers have advanced positions that appear to conflict with the Arizona senator s stances on hot - button topics ranging from climate change and oil drilling to tax cuts , contraception and education .
Of course , it s not unusual for politicians to seek advice from a variety of perspectives .
But the ideological mishmash in McCain s Kitchen Cabinet lends itself to questions about who s crafting the campaign s message and highlights the tricky policy record McCain is struggling to navigate on the campaign trail .
McCain has staked out an eclectic and occasionally politically inconvenient hodgepodge of policy positions that has bucked the Republican line on some issues , backed it on others and  on still others  gone from bucking it to backing it .
Keeping him on message would be a challenge for the most unified chorus of advisers  and Team McCain is hardly that .
His campaign spokesman , Taylor Griffin , challenged the extent of policy differences between McCain and his staff and informal advisers .
But Griffin also said McCain  seeks advisers that provide a broad range of perspectives .
The one thing they all agree on is that John McCain has the experience and leadership to put our economy back on track , bring real reform to Washington and keep the American people safe . 
To be fair , McCain s Democratic rival , Barack Obama , also has dissenters in his inner circle .
Obama opposes plans to store nuclear waste at Nevada s Yucca Mountain , yet he signed a top energy adviser who worked to implement Yucca plans .
And Obama backs a second stimulus package initially opposed by one of his top economic advisers .
But , aside from the embarrassing revelation that another economic adviser told Canadian officials to ignore Obama s tough talk on trade deals , Obama s campaign has mostly been able to avoid high - profile policy contradictions between its central staff and its candidate .
That s a testament to Obama s messaging , which has been more tightly controlled than McCains .
But it s also probably attributable in part to Obama s aversion during his relatively short career in public service to taking stark stances on controversial issues .
Over his long career , McCain has been out front on a number of controversial issues  and his occasional penchant for heretical stances that diverge from GOP orthodoxy is put in sharper relief through his differences with some of his key advisers .
Take energy and the environment .
McCain was one of the first national Republicans to embrace climate change as a political issue .
And his stance still galls some conservatives , including a nonprofit organization headed until February 2006 by Nancy Pfotenhauer , now a senior energy and economic adviser to the McCain campaign .
The small - government group she ran , Americans for Prosperity , decries  global warming alarmism  and opposes emissions cap - and - trade proposals such as those McCain has supported .
She also wrote an op -ed in 2002 warning that increasing Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards would result in lighter , less safe cars  that will almost inevitably increase fatalities on our nation s roads . 
She accused politicians seeking to raise CAFE standards  a group that currently includes McCain  of pandering to  environmental special interest groups . 
But in a campaign conference call with bloggers last week , Pfotenhauer defended McCain s cap - and - trade plan and efforts to reduce carbon emissions .
She also reiterated his opposition to drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , though last month McCain himself indicated a willingness to reconsider it .
Americans for Prosperity has long supported ANWR drilling and also offshore drilling , which McCain had opposed until a recent conversion brought him into line with the Republican Party position .
McCain also had a change of heart on the Bush tax cuts ; he provoked fiscal conservatives  ire by initially opposing them because he said they inordinately favored the wealthy .
McCain now calls for the tax cuts to be made permanent , but his chief economist , Douglas Holtz - Eakin , gave ammunition for opponents through his repeated questioning of the cuts  effectiveness while he was director of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , a post he left in late 2005 .
As a member of the McCain campaign , Holtz - Eakin has advocated McCain s vision for making the cuts permanent .
But critics find that advocacy unconvincing , given the comprehensive analyses by the CBO under Holtz - Eakin s tenure that predicted little gain from the cuts .
The campaign declined to make either Holtz - Eakin or Pfotenhauer available for interviews for this story .
But McCain aides periodically have been forced to explain policy differences in real time .
McCain this month told the NAACP he  will fully fund  the No Child Left Behind Act , which teachers groups contend has nt been successful in part because it is nt adequately funded .
In front of the NAACP , McCain called the 2001 legislation  a good beginning ,  though he also asserted it  has to be fixed . 
His pronouncement was consistent with one made two days earlier by Carly Fiorina , a senior campaign adviser , but it seemed to depart from an earlier pronouncement by Lisa Graham Keegan , McCain s education policy adviser .
In June , she told a group of education reporters that McCain believes NCLB is  adequately funded ,  an argument she made years before joining the campaign .
Holtz - Eakin tried to clarify McCain s NAACP comments , telling reporters on a conference call that McCain , in the speech ,  committed to ... continuing the funding for No Child Left Behind . 
Another top McCain economic adviser , former Sen. Phil Gramm ( R - Texas ) , was seen as playing a prominent role in crafting McCain s first crack at addressing the mortgage crisis , unveiled in a March speech in which he largely rejected aggressive government intervention .
McCain s campaign later clarified that he would support assistance for  deserving  homeowners .
And it eventually parted ways with Gramm after McCain denounced his old friend s assertions this month that the economic slump  is a mental recession  and that  we have sort of become a nation of whiners . 
Fiorina also has found herself at ideological odds with McCain on key issues .
McCain stumbled when asked about her suggestion this month that insurance companies should cover birth control prescriptions .
In recent years , McCain has voted against requiring such coverage .
The campaign subsequently clarified that McCain opposes all insurance mandates and contended that Fiorina s comments were consistent with that stance .
And Fiorina this month suggested that McCain might be open to new taxes on the wealthy , which conflicts with McCain s own pledges not to consider any new taxes .
This week , though , McCain signaled he might be willing to consider raising payroll taxes for Social Security .
Then on Tuesday , he sternly said ,  No ,  when asked at a Nevada event if he would raise taxes as president .
McCain s campaign has been sensitive to perceptions of conflicting agendas .
It implemented a no-lobbying policy for aides after it was revealed that top advisers Rick Davis and Charlie Black had lobbied for pro-Russian and pro-Chinese interests , respectively .
McCain harbors concerns about those interests .
Lisa Lerer contributed to this story .
Editor 's note :
An earlier version of this story mistakenly said that Barack Obama opposed corporate tax cuts that one of his advisors supports .
Obama has said he is open to lowering corporate taxes .
Turning up the thermostat could lighten your mood Loneliness and coldness are often associated in everyday language , but psychologists have found that social isolation does make people feel cold .
The University of Toronto team found people feeling excluded said a room was colder than those feeling included .
And people who felt left out also chose comforting hot soup , rather than an apple or soft drink .
A UK psychologist said the findings could help people feeling isolated , particularly in the winter months .
' Unpopular '
In the first study , 65 students were divided into two groups .
One group recalled a personal experience in which they had been socially excluded and felt isolated or lonely , such as being rejected from a club .
The other group recalled an experience in which they had been accepted .
The researchers then asked everyone to estimate the room 's temperature .
There may be good reason why people are offered a cup of tea to make them feel better
The estimates varied from about 54 F ( 12C ) to 104F ( 40C ) - with those who had thought about an isolating experience giving lower estimates of the temperature .
In the second experiment , the researchers asked 52 students to play a computer - simulated ball game .
It was designed so that some of the volunteers had the ball tossed to them many times , but others were left out .
Afterwards , all the volunteers were asked to rate the desirability of hot coffee , crackers , soft - drinks , an apple , or hot soup .
The " unpopular " participants were much more likely than the others to want either hot soup or hot coffee .
The researchers suggest their preference for warm food and drinks resulted from physically feeling cold as a result of being excluded .
' Coping mechanism ' Dr Chen - Bo Zhong , who led the research , which is published in the journal Psychological Science , said : " We found that the experience of social exclusion literally feels cold .
" This may be why people use temperature - related metaphors to describe social inclusion and exclusion . "
Some evidence supports the idea that reduced temperature also contributes to an increase in depressive experience
University of Toronto researchers
The team suggests the findings could be used to treat people 's feelings of sadness or loneliness .
Writing in the journal , published by the American Association of Psychological Science , they say : " An interesting direction for research would be to determine whether experiencing the warmth of an object could reduce the negative experience of social exclusion .
" Such an implication has been used metaphorically in the self - help literature , but our research suggests that eating warm soup may be a literal coping mechanism for social exclusion . "
They also suggest that raising the temperature could help someone who is feeling low - in the same way that people with seasonal affective disorder ( SAD ) are helped with light therapy .
They added : " Research on this disorder has predominantly focused on the connection between reduced daylight and increased likelihood of winter depression , although some evidence supports the idea that reduced temperature also contributes to an increase in depressive experience .
" Our research suggests one reason why that may be .
Perhaps cold temperatures in the winter serve as a catalyst to the psychological experience of social exclusion . "
Dr Lesley Prince , a lecturer in psychology at Birmingham University , said : " This is very interesting , and shows there are physiological correlates to emotions . "
He added : " I particularly like the idea that if people are feeling despondent or lonely , you could help them feel better by putting the temperature up . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Because Elections Are Determined by the Median Voter
The folks at the Census Bureau have just finished compiling the most recent data on income distribution .
I m betting that the following chart will get a lot of political play :
Yes , median real household income was lower last year than in 2000 .
And yes , it has in fact grown somewhat in the past few years .
My two cents :
The real news ( and the really sad news ) is the rising poverty rate over the same period :
But I m betting this will be ignored .
With convention season underway , all data entering the public square will be viewed through the lens of electoral politics .
The talking points in the above chart are less crisp for either side ( poverty today is higher than in 2000 , but lower than in 2004 ) .
And more to the point : elections are determined by the median voter , not by the families on the brink of poverty .
There are pages of fascinating reading in the full data release , here .
Mark Thoma rounds up reactions from across the blogosphere , here .
Function annotations are nothing more than a way of associating arbitrary Python expressions with various parts of a function at compile - time .
By itself , Python does not attach any particular meaning or significance to annotations .
Left to its own , Python simply makes these expressions available as described in Accessing Function Annotations below .
The only way that annotations take on meaning is when they are interpreted by third - party libraries .
These annotation consumers can do anything they want with a function 's annotations .
For example , one library might use string - based annotations to provide improved help messages , like so :
def compile ( source : " something compilable " , filename : " where the compilable thing comes from " , mode : " is this a single statement or a suite ? " ) : ...
Another library might be used to provide typechecking for Python functions and methods .
This library could use annotations to indicate the function 's expected input and return types , possibly something like :
def haul ( item : Haulable , * vargs : PackAnimal ) ->
Distance : ...
However , neither the strings in the first example nor the type information in the second example have any meaning on their own ; meaning comes from third - party libraries alone .
When troubleshooting network or DNS problems related to your website , server or other online services , it can be very useful to have access to online tools that can help you narrow down the problems .
This article contains 14 useful online tools that can help you with this .
And they are all free .
We will go through five categories of functionality , covering tools that let you :
Perform DNS lookups
Perform tests on DNS settings ( DNS health )
Get information about an IP address
Test network connectivity
View status of networks on the Internet
Later in the article we will also list all the services separately , together with brief information about each one .
Many of the tools we mention fall within several of the categories we have specified , while others are more specialized and narrow in focus .
We have done our best to pick tools that are truly useful .
We actually use several of these tools from time to time ourselves here at Pingdom when we are helping customers troubleshoot website issues .
So let s get started .
DNS lookups
Tools in this category allow you to perform DNS lookups , usually specific DNS records .
Even though you can do these things from your own computers with Dig and Nslookup , it can often be useful to be able to perform DNS lookups from different locations to verify consistent DNS behavior and settings .
List of tools : DNSstuff , Serversniff.net , AjaxUtils.com , Webmaster Toolkit , IPtools.com , DNSgoodies.com , How is my DNS ? , Ajax DNS , MyDNStools.info .
DNS health tests
These tests will look at the DNS settings for a domain name and its authoritative DNS servers and flag anything they consider a problem or potential problem .
They can be very useful if you are having DNS - related problems that are hard to track down .
List of tools : IntoDNS , Serversniff.net ,
How is my DNS ? , CheckDNS.net .
IP information
Sometimes it can be useful to get more information about an IP address , for example to see where it is hosted .
The most common tool here is IP WHOIS , which is similar to a domain WHOIS but with information regarding who owns an IP address ( often an ISP or data center ) .
List of tools : Serversniff.net , DNSstuff , AjaxUtils.com , Webmaster Toolkit , IPtools.com , DNSgoodies.com , Ajax DNS , MyDNStools.info .
Network tests
Basic network connectivity tests can be useful to do from different locations to help you narrow down a problem .
For that reason it s useful to have access to several different services that can perform ping and traceroutes ( we can assume they all use different servers ) .
List of tools : DNSstuff , Serversniff.net , AjaxUtils.com , Webmaster Toolkit , IPtools.com , DNSgoodies.com , Pingdom Tools , Ajax DNS , MyDNStools.info .
Network status
Some sites provide continuously updated reports on the status of networks and servers .
Here are two that you might find useful .
Since what they provide is a bit different , we have given them a brief explanation .
You can also read more further down in this article .
List of tools : Internet Health Report ( connectivity status between different ISPs ) , Netcraft ( uptime for a number of different websites and hosting providers ) .
Summary table
More about the tools
Here is an expanded explanation about the tools we included in this article .
The best you can do , though , is to check them out yourself , play around with them , and bookmark the ones you feel are useful to you so you have them handy if you end up needing them .
Internet Health Report 
This report from Keynote shows the status of peering connections between different ISPs and can be a good way to find out if there are general connectivity issues for a certain ISP .
 This report from Keynote shows the status of peering connections between different ISPs and can be a good way to find out if there are general connectivity issues for a certain ISP .
Netcraft  Provides ( among other things ) an uptime report where you can look at the availability of a number of different websites and hosting providers .
 Provides ( among other things ) an uptime report where you can look at the availability of a number of different websites and hosting providers .
Serversniff.net  Provides a very large number of tools related to networking , DNS and domain names .
 Provides a very large number of tools related to networking , DNS and domain names .
DNSstuff  Probably the most well - known set of tools in this article .
Has a wide variety of DNS , domain name and network - related tools .
Also has a DNS health test , but that is nt free .
 Probably the most well - known set of tools in this article .
Has a wide variety of DNS , domain name and network - related tools .
Also has a DNS health test , but that is nt free .
AjaxUtils.com  Provides a small set of minimalistic , Ajax - driven DNS , domain name and network tools .
 Provides a small set of minimalistic , Ajax - driven DNS , domain name and network tools .
Webmaster Toolkit  Provides tools relating to DNS , domain names , networking and SEO .
 Provides tools relating to DNS , domain names , networking and SEO .
IPtools.com  Similar in approach to DNSstuff , with a large set of tools related to DNS , domain names and networking .
 Similar in approach to DNSstuff , with a large set of tools related to DNS , domain names and networking .
DNSgoodies.com  Basic DNS and network tools .
 Basic DNS and network tools .
How is my DNS ? 
As the name suggests , this tool focuses on DNS lookups and also has a DNS health test .
 As the name suggests , this tool focuses on DNS lookups and also has a DNS health test .
CheckDNS.net  Another dedicated DNS health test .
 Another dedicated DNS health test .
Pingdom Tools  A visual ping and traceroute tool from us here at Pingdom .
Also includes a website load test .
 A visual ping and traceroute tool from us here at Pingdom .
Also includes a website load test .
Ajax DNS  A set of network and DNS tools .
 A set of network and DNS tools .
MyDNStools.info  Provides a relatively large number of tools related to DNS and networking .
 Provides a relatively large number of tools related to DNS and networking .
IntoDNS  A dedicated DNS health test with a good overview of the results .
Conclusion
The tools we have included range from the basic to the advanced .
We wanted to give you a wide range of services to pick from and experiment with .
Tastes differ , so while some for example prefer as much visual output as possible , others will prefer raw text output just as if they were sitting by a terminal .
Also , as we pointed out earlier in the article , it is often useful to perform tests from more than one service ( and by doing that from more than one location ) , so having access to several similar tools is a good thing .
We hope you found this article useful .
If you feel we have missed a really good ( free ) network or DNS tool , please do nt hesitate to let us know in the comments .
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
The Knowledge ( Local ) skill in D&D 3.5 has always bothered me .
There are basically two ways to interpret the skill as written in the PHB , and they both suck :
The way the  Local  subskill for the Knowledge skill is presented in the Knowledge skill entry , it s a universally applicable skill .
If you have Knowledge ( Local ) , you have specific local knowledge for every single locality you encounter unless that particular locality is covered by a different skill .
Of course , that s absurd .
The skill essentially covers knowledge areas that one could only really know by having been in the area for a while , soaking up local cultural norms and learning about who and what the important people and places are .
The obvious way to play it , and the way it s presented in all examples of its use where something like this may come up , Knowledge ( Local ) must apply to a specific locality .
The assumption , of course , is that you can purchase it anew for each locality where you want your character to feel at home .
Unfortunately , playing the skill this way makes it almost entirely useless for a group that does nt spend all its time in one place .
If your adventuring party is the sort that moves around a lot , you re strongly discouraged from  wasting  any points on Knowledge ( Local ) under these conditions .
The way I ve been handling it in games I run , the Knowledge ( Local ) skill represents a general skill at quickly getting familiar with a new locality .
The character picks up local gossip , becomes quickly attuned to the rhythms of life in a new area , notices landmarks and other places that are central to people s lives , and so on .
This is a bit more difficult to adjudicate cleanly than the other two , but seems like the only appropriate way to handle it as a standard skill .
Well . . . screw all that .
I m not going to handle it as a standard skill any longer .
Instead , I m turning Knowledge ( Local ) into the basis for part of a roleplaying reward system .
The way I ll handle this now , all characters will get a set of bonus skill points to spend in Knowledge ( Local ) at character creation .
As things currently stand , I do nt know if I ll even allow players to spend any points on Knowledge ( Local ) other than these specifically set aside bonus points when initially creating a character .
Then , as the game progresses  I still wo nt let them spend normal skill points on Knowledge ( Local ) .
Whether I ll hand out free points on a level advancement schedule is still to be decided ( before Thursday , when I ll spring this new rule on my players at the next game session )  but I will definitely be handing out Knowledge ( Local ) points as roleplaying rewards .
At the end of every session in which characters behave in a manner that I think really warrants it , I ll give such a character a rank in Knowledge ( Local ) for the appropriate locality .
Previously , I handed out roleplaying experience rewards as part of a session s standard experience reward totals .
I had a set of fuzzy categories of roleplaying activities that might warrant a reward , and a sort of scale of  zero to good  for how much XP to grant in each category depending on performance .
With this new idea in mind , I ll be cutting back on the actual XP rewards in favor of new , direct stat increase rewards like this Knowledge ( Local ) bonus system .
Between now and Thursday , I ll also be looking into the possibility of taking other skills out of the standard skill point system to turn into roleplaying rewards , and checking for other ways to grant benefits as rewards for good roleplaying that have a direct and deserved effect on play .
Reputation rewards and established relationships are nt quite sufficient for this sort of thing , because often good roleplaying can actually damage a character s reputations and relationships with NPCs .
That s why I never used such things as rewards , per se , and just played them out instead .
With a new analytical technique , a fingerprint can now reveal much more than the identity of a person .
It can now also identify what the person has been touching : drugs , explosives or poisons , for example .
Writing in Friday s issue of the journal Science , R. Graham Cooks , a professor of chemistry at Purdue University , and his colleagues describe how a laboratory technique , mass spectrometry , could find a wider application in crime investigations .
The equipment to perform such tests is already commercially available , although prohibitively expensive for all but the largest crime laboratories .
Smaller , cheaper , portable versions of such analyzers are probably only a couple of years away .
In Dr. Cooks s method , a tiny spray of liquid that has been electrically charged , either water or water and alcohol , is sprayed on a tiny bit of the fingerprint .
The droplets dissolve compounds in the fingerprints and splash them off the surface into the analyzer .
The liquid is heated and evaporates , and the electrical charge is transferred to the fingerprint molecules , which are then identified by a device called a mass spectrometer .
The process is repeated over the entire fingerprint , producing a two - dimensional image .
I
I began this book to the tune of German bombs , and I begin this second chapter in the added racket of the barrage .
The yellow gun-flashes are lighting the sky , the splinters are rattling on the housetops , and London Bridge is falling down , falling down , falling down .
Anyone able to read a map knows that we are in deadly danger .
I do not mean that we are beaten or need be beaten .
Almost certainly the outcome depends on our own will .
But at this moment we are in the soup , full fathom five , and we have been brought there by follies which we are still committing and which will drown us altogether if we do not mend our ways quickly .
What this war has demonstrated is that private capitalism  that is , an economic system in which land , factories , mines and transport are owned privately and operated solely for profit  does not work .
It can not deliver the goods .
This fact had been known to millions of people for years past , but nothing ever came of it , because there was no real urge from below to alter the system , and those at the top had trained themselves to be impenetrably stupid on just this point .
Argument and propaganda got one nowhere .
The lords of property simply sat on their bottoms and proclaimed that all was for the best .
Hitler 's conquest of Europe , however , was a physical debunking of capitalism .
War , for all its evil , is at any rate an unanswerable test of strength , like a try - your - grip machine .
Great strength returns the penny , and there is no way of faking the result .
When the nautical screw was first invented , there was a controversy that lasted for years as to whether screw - steamers or paddle - steamers were better .
The paddle - steamers , like all obsolete things , had their champions , who supported them by ingenious arguments .
Finally , however , a distinguished admiral tied a screw - steamer and a paddle - steamer of equal horsepower stern to stern and set their engines running .
That settled the question once and for all .
And it was something similar that happened on the fields of Norway and of Flanders .
Once and for all it was proved that a planned economy is stronger than a planless one .
But it is necessary here to give some kind of definition to those much - abused words , Socialism and Fascism .
Socialism is usually defined as  common ownership of the means of production  .
Crudely : the State , representing the whole nation , owns everything , and everyone is a State employee .
This does not mean that people are stripped of private possessions such as clothes and furniture , but it does mean that all productive goods , such as land , mines , ships and machinery , are the property of the State .
The State is the sole large - scale producer .
It is not certain that Socialism is in all ways superior to capitalism , but it is certain that , unlike capitalism , it can solve the problems of production and consumption .
At normal times a capitalist economy can never consume all that it produces , so that there is always a wasted surplus ( wheat burned in furnaces , herrings dumped back into the sea etc. etc. ) and always unemployment .
In time of war , on the other hand , it has difficulty in producing all that it needs , because nothing is produced unless someone sees his way to making a profit out of it .
In a Socialist economy these problems do not exist .
The State simply calculates what goods will be needed and does its best to produce them .
Production is only limited by the amount of labour and raw materials .
Money , for internal purposes , ceases to be a mysterious all - powerful thing and becomes a sort of coupon or ration - ticket , issued in sufficient quantities to buy up such consumption goods as may be available at the moment .
However , it has become clear in the last few years that  common ownership of the means of production  is not in itself a sufficient definition of Socialism .
One must also add the following : approximate equality of incomes ( it need be no more than approximate ) , political democracy , and abolition of all hereditary privilege , especially in education .
These are simply the necessary safeguards against the reappearance of a class - system .
Centralized ownership has very little meaning unless the mass of the people are living roughly upon an equal level , and have some kind of control over the government .
 The State  may come to mean no more than a self - elected political party , and oligarchy and privilege can return , based on power rather than on money .
But what then is Fascism ?
Fascism , at any rate the German version , is a form of capitalism that borrows from Socialism just such features as will make it efficient for war purposes .
Internally , Germany has a good deal in common with a Socialist state .
Ownership has never been abolished , there are still capitalists and workers , and  this is the important point , and the real reason why rich men all over the world tend to sympathize with Fascism  generally speaking the same people are capitalists and the same people workers as before the Nazi revolution .
But at the same time the State , which is simply the Nazi Party , is in control of everything .
It controls investment , raw materials , rates of interest , working hours , wages .
The factory owner still owns his factory , but he is for practical purposes reduced to the status of a manager .
Everyone is in effect a State employee , though the salaries vary very greatly .
The mere efficiency of such a system , the elimination of waste and obstruction , is obvious .
In seven years it has built up the most powerful war machine the world has ever seen .
But the idea underlying Fascism is irreconcilably different from that which underlies Socialism .
Socialism aims , ultimately , at a world - state of free and equal human beings .
It takes the equality of human rights for granted .
Nazism assumes just the opposite .
The driving force behind the Nazi movement is the belief in human inequality , the superiority of Germans to all other races , the right of Germany to rule the world .
Outside the German Reich it does not recognize any obligations .
Eminent Nazi professors have  proved  over and over again that only nordic man is fully human , have even mooted the idea that non-nordic peoples ( such as ourselves ) can interbreed with gorillas !
Therefore , while a species of war - Socialism exists within the German state , its attitude towards conquered nations is frankly that of an exploiter .
The function of the Czechs , Poles , French , etc. is simply to produce such goods as Germany may need , and get in return just as little as will keep them from open rebellion .
If we are conquered , our job will probably be to manufacture weapons for Hitler 's forthcoming wars with Russia and America .
The Nazis aim , in effect , at setting up a kind of caste system , with four main castes corresponding rather closely to those of the Hindu religion .
At the top comes the Nazi party , second come the mass of the German people , third come the conquered European populations .
Fourth and last are to come the coloured peoples , the  semi-apes  as Hitler calls them , who are to be reduced quite openly to slavery .
However horrible this system may seem to us , it works .
It works because it is a planned system geared to a definite purpose , world - conquest , and not allowing any private interest , either of capitalist or worker , to stand in its way .
British capitalism does not work , because it is a competitive system in which private profit is and must be the main objective .
It is a system in which all the forces are pulling in opposite directions and the interests of the individual are as often as not totally opposed to those of the State .
All through the critical years British capitalism , with its immense industrial plant and its unrivalled supply of skilled labour , was unequal to the strain of preparing for war .
To prepare for war on the modern scale you have got to divert the greater part of your national income to armaments , which means cutting down on consumption goods .
A bombing plane , for instance , is equivalent in price to fifty small motor cars , or eight thousand pairs of silk stockings , or a million loaves of bread .
Clearly you can't have many bombing planes without lowering the national standard of life .
It is guns or butter , as Marshal Goering remarked .
But in Chamberlain 's England the transition could not be made .
The rich would not face the necessary taxation , and while the rich are still visibly rich it is not possible to tax the poor very heavily either .
Moreover , so long as profit was the main object the manufacturer had no incentive to change over from consumption goods to armaments .
A businessman 's first duty is to his shareholders .
Perhaps England needs tanks , but perhaps it pays better to manufacture motor cars .
To prevent war material from reaching the enemy is common sense , but to sell in the highest market is a business duty .
Right at the end of August 1939 the British dealers were tumbling over one another in their eagerness to sell Germany tin , rubber , copper and shellac  and this in the clear , certain knowledge that war was going to break out in a week or two .
It was about as sensible as selling somebody a razor to cut your throat with .
But it was  good business  .
And now look at the results .
After 1934 it was known that Germany was rearming .
After 1936 everyone with eyes in his head knew that war was coming .
After Munich it was merely a question of how soon the war would begin .
In September 1939 war broke out .
Eight months later it was discovered that , so far as equipment went , the British army was barely beyond the standard of 1918 .
We saw our soldiers fighting their way desperately to the coast , with one aeroplane against three , with rifles against tanks , with bayonets against tommy - guns .
There were not even enough revolvers to supply all the officers .
After a year of war the regular army was still short of 300,000 tin hats .
There had even , previously , been a shortage of uniforms  this in one of the greatest woollen - goods producing countries in the world !
What had happened was that the whole moneyed class , unwilling to face a change in their way of life , had shut their eyes to the nature of Fascism and modern war .
And false optimism was fed to the general public by the gutter press , which lives on its advertisements and is therefore interested in keeping trade conditions normal .
Year after year the Beaverbrook press assured us in huge headlines that THERE WILL BE NO WAR , and as late as the beginning of 1939 Lord Rothermere was describing Hitler as  a great gentleman  .
And while England in the moment of disaster proved to be short of every war material except ships , it is not recorded that there was any shortage of motor cars , fur coats , gramophones , lipstick , chocolates or silk stockings .
And dare anyone pretend that the same tug - of - war between private profit and public necessity is not still continuing ?
England fights for her life , but business must fight for profits .
You can hardly open a newspaper without seeing the two contradictory processes happening side by side .
On the very same page you will find the Government urging you to save and the seller of some useless luxury urging you to spend .
Lend to Defend , but Guinness is Good for You .
Buy a Spitfire , but also buy Haig and Haig , Pond 's Face Cream and Black Magic Chocolates .
But one thing gives hope  the visible swing in public opinion .
If we can survive this war , the defeat in Flanders will turn out to have been one of the great turning - points in English history .
In that spectacular disaster the working class , the middle class and even a section of the business community could see the utter rottenness of private capitalism .
Before that the case against capitalism had never been proved .
Russia , the only definitely Socialist country , was backward and far away .
All criticism broke itself against the rat - trap faces of bankers and the brassy laughter of stockbrokers .
Socialism ?
Ha ! ha !
ha !
Where 's the money to come from ?
Ha ! ha !
ha !
The lords of property were firm in their seats , and they knew it .
But after the French collapse there came something that could not be laughed away , something that neither cheque - books nor policemen were any use against  the bombing .
Zweee  BOOM !
What 's that ?
Oh , only a bomb on the Stock Exchange .
Zweee  BOOM !
Another acre of somebody 's valuable slum - property gone west .
Hitler will at any rate go down in history as the man who made the City of London laugh on the wrong side of its face .
For the first time in their lives the comfortable were uncomfortable , the professional optimists had to admit that there was something wrong .
It was a great step forward .
From that time onwards the ghastly job of trying to convince artificially stupefied people that a planned economy might be better than a free - for - all in which the worst man wins  that job will never be quite so ghastly again .
II
The difference between Socialism and capitalism is not primarily a difference of technique .
One cannot simply change from one system to the other as one might install a new piece of machinery in a factory , and then carry on as before , with the same people in positions of control .
Obviously there is also needed a complete shift of power .
New blood , new men , new ideas  in the true sense of the word , a revolution .
I have spoken earlier of the soundness and homogeneity of England , the patriotism that runs like a connecting thread through almost all classes .
After Dunkirk anyone who had eyes in his head could see this .
But it is absurd to pretend that the promise of that moment has been fulfilled .
Almost certainly the mass of the people are now ready for the vast changes that are necessary ; but those changes have not even begun to happen .
England is a family with the wrong members in control .
Almost entirely we are governed by the rich , and by people who step into positions of command by right of birth .
Few if any of these people are consciously treacherous , some of them are not even fools , but as a class they are quite incapable of leading us to victory .
They could not do it , even if their material interests did not constantly trip them up .
As I pointed out earlier , they have been artificially stupefied .
Quite apart from anything else , the rule of money sees to it that we shall be governed largely by the old  that is , by people utterly unable to grasp what age they are living in or what enemy they are fighting .
Nothing was more desolating at the beginning of this war than the way in which the whole of the older generation conspired to pretend that it was the war of 1914 - 18 over again .
All the old duds were back on the job , twenty years older , with the skull plainer in their faces .
Ian Hay was cheering up the troops , Belloc was writing articles on strategy , Maurois doing broadcasts , Bairnsfather drawing cartoons .
It was like a tea -party of ghosts .
And that state of affairs has barely altered .
The shock of disaster brought a few able men like Bevin to the front , but in general we are still commanded by people who managed to live through the years 1931 - 9 without even discovering that Hitler was dangerous .
A generation of the unteachable is hanging upon us like a necklace of corpses .
As soon as one considers any problem of this war  and it does not matter whether it is the widest aspect of strategy or the tiniest detail of home organization  one sees that the necessary moves cannot be made while the social structure of England remains what it is .
Inevitably , because of their position and upbringing , the ruling class are fighting for their own privileges , which cannot possibly be reconciled with the public interest .
It is a mistake to imagine that war aims , strategy , propaganda and industrial organization exist in watertight compartments .
All are interconnected .
Every strategic plan , every tactical method , even every weapon will bear the stamp of the social system that produced it .
The British ruling class are fighting against Hitler , whom they have always regarded and whom some of them still regard as their protector against Bolshevism .
That does not mean that they will deliberately sell out ; but it does mean that at every decisive moment they are likely to falter , pull their punches , do the wrong thing .
Until the Churchill Government called some sort of halt to the process , they have done the wrong thing with an unerring instinct ever since 1931 .
They helped Franco to overthrow the Spanish Government , although anyone not an imbecile could have told them that a Fascist Spain would be hostile to England .
They fed Italy with war materials all through the winter of 1939 - 40 , although it was obvious to the whole world that the Italians were going to attack us in the spring .
For the sake of a few hundred thousand dividend - drawers they are turning India from an ally into an enemy .
Moreover , so long as the moneyed classes remain in control , we cannot develop any but a defensive strategy .
Every victory means a change in the status quo .
How can we drive the Italians out of Abyssinia without rousing echoes among the coloured peoples of our own Empire ?
How can we even smash Hitler without the risk of bringing the German Socialists and Communists into power ?
The left - wingers who wail that  this is a capitalist war  and that  British Imperialism  is fighting for loot have got their heads screwed on backwards .
The last thing the British moneyed class wish for is to acquire fresh territory .
It would simply be an embarrassment .
Their war aim ( both unattainable and unmentionable ) is simply to hang on to what they have got .
Internally , England is still the rich man 's Paradise .
All talk of  equality of sacrifice  is nonsense .
At the same time as factory - workers are asked to put up with longer hours , advertisements for  Butler .
One in family , eight in staff  are appearing in the press .
The bombed - out populations of the East End go hungry and homeless while wealthier victims simply step into their cars and flee to comfortable country houses .
The Home Guard swells to a million men in a few weeks , and is deliberately organized from above in such a way that only people with private incomes can hold positions of command .
Even the rationing system is so arranged that it hits the poor all the time , while people with over  2,000 a year are practically unaffected by it .
Everywhere privilege is squandering good will .
In such circumstances even propaganda becomes almost impossible .
As attempts to stir up patriotic feeling , the red posters issued by the Chamberlain Government at the beginning of the war broke all depth - records .
Yet they could not have been much other than they were , for how could Chamberlain and his followers take the risk of rousing strong popular feeling against Fascism ?
Anyone who was genuinely hostile to Fascism must also be opposed to Chamberlain himself and to all the others who had helped Hitler into power .
So also with external propaganda .
In all Lord Halifax 's speeches there is not one concrete proposal for which a single inhabitant of Europe would risk the top joint of his little finger .
For what war aim can Halifax , or anyone like him , conceivably have , except to put the clock back to 1933 ?
It is only by revolution that the native genius of the English people can be set free .
Revolution does not mean red flags and street fighting , it means a fundamental shift of power .
Whether it happens with or without bloodshed is largely an accident of time and place .
Nor does it mean the dictatorship of a single class .
The people in England who grasp what changes are needed and are capable of carrying them through are not confined to any one class , though it is true that very few people with over  2,000 a year are among them .
What is wanted is a conscious open revolt by ordinary people against inefficiency , class privilege and the rule of the old .
It is not primarily a question of change of government .
British governments do , broadly speaking , represent the will of the people , and if we alter our structure from below we shall get the government we need .
Ambassadors , generals , officials and colonial administrators who are senile or pro-Fascist are more dangerous than Cabinet ministers whose follies have to be committed in public .
Right through our national life we have got to fight against privilege , against the notion that a half - witted public - schoolboy is better for command than an intelligent mechanic .
Although there are gifted and honest individuals among them , we have got to break the grip of the moneyed class as a whole .
England has got to assume its real shape .
The England that is only just beneath the surface , in the factories and the newspaper offices , in the aeroplanes and the submarines , has got to take charge of its own destiny .
In the short run , equality of sacrifice ,  war - Communism  , is even more important than radical economic changes .
It is very necessary that industry should be nationalized , but it is more urgently necessary that such monstrosities as butlers and  private incomes  should disappear forthwith .
Almost certainly the main reason why the Spanish Republic could keep up the fight for two and a half years against impossible odds was that there were no gross contrasts of wealth .
The people suffered horribly , but they all suffered alike .
When the private soldier had not a cigarette , the general had not one either .
Given equality of sacrifice , the morale of a country like England would probably be unbreakable .
But at present we have nothing to appeal to except traditional patriotism , which is deeper here than elsewhere , but is not necessarily bottomless .
At some point or another you have got to deal with the man who says  I should be no worse off under Hitler  .
But what answer can you give him  that is , what answer that you can expect him to listen to  while common soldiers risk their lives for two and sixpence a day , and fat women ride about in Rolls - Royce cars , nursing pekineses ?
It is quite likely that this war will last three years .
It will mean cruel overwork , cold dull winters , uninteresting food , lack of amusements , prolonged bombing .
It can not but lower the general standard of living , because the essential act of war is to manufacture armaments instead of consumable goods .
The working class will have to suffer terrible things .
And they will suffer them , almost indefinitely , provided that they know what they are fighting for .
They are not cowards , and they are not even internationally minded .
They can stand all that the Spanish workers stood , and more .
But they will want some kind of proof that a better life is ahead for themselves and their children .
The one sure earnest of that is that when they are taxed and overworked they shall see that the rich are being hit even harder .
And if the rich squeal audibly , so much the better .
We can bring these things about , if we really want to .
It is not true that public opinion has no power in England .
It never makes itself heard without achieving something ; it has been responsible for most of the changes for the better during the past six months .
But we have moved with glacier - like slowness , and we have learned only from disasters .
It took the fall of Paris to get rid of Chamberlain and the unnecessary suffering of scores of thousands of people in the East End to get rid or partially rid of Sir John Anderson .
It is not worth losing a battle in order to bury a corpse .
For we are fighting against swift evil intelligences , and time presses , and history to the defeated May say Alas !
but can not alter or pardon .
III
During the last six months there has been much talk of  the Fifth Column  .
From time to time obscure lunatics have been jailed for making speeches in favour of Hitler , and large numbers of German refugees have been interned , a thing which has almost certainly done us great harm in Europe .
It is of course obvious that the idea of a large , organized army of Fifth Columnists suddenly appearing on the streets with weapons in their hands , as in Holland and Belgium , is ridiculous .
Nevertheless a Fifth Column danger does exist .
One can only consider it if one also considers in what way England might be defeated .
It does not seem probable that air bombing can settle a major war .
England might well be invaded and conquered , but the invasion would be a dangerous gamble , and if it happened and failed it would probably leave us more united and less Blimp - ridden than before .
Moreover , if England were overrun by foreign troops the English people would know that they had been beaten and would continue the struggle .
It is doubtful whether they could be held down permanently , or whether Hitler wishes to keep an army of a million men stationed in these islands .
A government of  ,  and  ( you can fill in the names ) would suit him better .
The English can probably not be bullied into surrender , but they might quite easily be bored , cajoled or cheated into it , provided that , as at Munich , they did not know that they were surrendering .
It could happen most easily when the war seemed to be going well rather than badly .
The threatening tone of so much of the German and Italian propaganda is a psychological mistake .
It only gets home on intellectuals .
With the general public the proper approach would be  Let 's call it a draw  .
It is when a peace - offer along those lines is made that the pro-Fascists will raise their voices .
But who are the pro-Fascists ?
The idea of a Hitler victory appeals to the very rich , to the Communists , to Mosley 's followers , to the pacifists , and to certain sections among the Catholics .
Also , if things went badly enough on the Home Front , the whole of the poorer section of the working class might swing round to a position that was defeatist though not actively pro-Hitler .
In this motley list one can see the daring of German propaganda , its willingness to offer everything to everybody .
But the various pro-Fascist forces are not consciously acting together , and they operate in different ways .
The Communists must certainly be regarded as pro-Hitler , and are bound to remain so unless Russian policy changes , but they have not very much influence .
Mosley 's Blackshirts , though now lying very low , are a more serious danger , because of the footing they probably possess in the armed forces .
Still , even in its palmiest days Mosley 's following can hardly have numbered 50,000 .
Pacifism is a psychological curiosity rather than a political movement .
Some of the extremer pacifists , starting out with a complete renunciation of violence , have ended by warmly championing Hitler and even toying with antisemitism .
This is interesting , but it is not important .
 Pure  pacifism , which is a by - product of naval power , can only appeal to people in very sheltered positions .
Moreover , being negative and irresponsible , it does not inspire much devotion .
Of the membership of the Peace Pledge Union , less than fifteen per cent even pay their annual subscriptions .
None of these bodies of people , pacifists , Communists or Blackshirts , could bring a large - scale stop - the - war movement into being by their own efforts .
But they might help to make things very much easier for a treacherous government negotiating surrender .
Like the French Communists , they might become the half - conscious agents of millionaires .
The real danger is from above .
One ought not to pay any attention to Hitler 's recent line of talk about being the friend of the poor man , the enemy of plutocracy , etc. etc .
Hitler 's real self is in Mein Kampf , and in his actions .
He has never persecuted the rich , except when they were Jews or when they tried actively to oppose him .
He stands for a centralized economy which robs the capitalist of most of his power but leaves the structure of society much as before .
The State controls industry , but there are still rich and poor , masters and men .
Therefore , as against genuine Socialism , the moneyed class have always been on his side .
This was crystal clear at the time of the Spanish Civil War , and clear again at the time when France surrendered .
Hitler 's puppet government are not working men , but a gang of bankers , gaga generals and corrupt right - wing politicians .
That kind of spectacular , conscious treachery is less likely to succeed in England , indeed is far less likely even to be tried .
Nevertheless , to many payers of supertax this war is simply an insane family squabble which ought to be stopped at all costs .
One need not doubt that a  peace  movement is on foot somewhere in high places ; probably a shadow Cabinet has already been formed .
These people will get their chance not in the moment of defeat but in some stagnant period when boredom is reinforced by discontent .
They will not talk about surrender , only about peace ; and doubtless they will persuade themselves , and perhaps other people , that they are acting for the best .
An army of unemployed led by millionaires quoting the Sermon on the Mount  that is our danger .
But it cannot arise when we have once introduced a reasonable degree of social justice .
The lady in the Rolls - Royce car is more damaging to morale than a fleet of Goering 's bombing planes .
1941
As if we did n't know it already , the conflict in Lebanon shows that truth and war do n't mix .
All parties to the tragedy of the Middle East resort to disinformation and historical falsification to bolster their case , but rarely has an attempt to rewrite the past occurred so soon after the fact .
Israeli ministers and their supporters have justified the bombardment of Lebanon as " a matter of survival " .
Total war has been declared on Israel , so Israel is entitled to use the methods of total war in self - defence .
This would be reasonable if it were true , but it is n't .
It 's completely false .
The conflict was triggered by a Hizbullah operation in which two Israeli soldiers were captured and three killed .
Let 's be frank , this was n't exactly the Tet offensive .
It certainly did n't justify Israel 's ferocious onslaught against the very fabric of Lebanese society .
Yes , the rocket attacks on Haifa are an appalling crime , but they followed rather than preceded Israel 's decision to escalate the fighting .
They cannot provide retrospective justification for Israeli strategy .
The crisis has also been accompanied by the selective and often inappropriate use of the term " terrorism " .
Following the Israeli government , George Bush and Tony Blair were at it again on Friday , blaming " terrorists " for sparking the conflict .
The purpose behind this is obvious enough .
In the context of America 's war on terror , anyone claiming to be engaged in the fight against this most contested of notions gets carte blanche to do as they please .
But the result has been to politicise the term in ways that render it effectively useless as a category of moral judgment or policy analysis .
It is certainly true that Hizbullah has been linked to a string of classic terrorist attacks going back more than 20 years , including suicide bombings against civilian targets , hostage - taking and the hijacking of a TWA flight .
A particularly vile example was the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community centre in Buenos Aires in which 85 people were murdered .
Hizbullah strongly denies involvement , but the truth is probably murkier than either side pretends .
Responsibility for these attacks has often been attributed to Hizbullah 's External Security Organisation ( ESO ) , a unit believed to be under the operational control of Iranian intelligence rather than the Hizbullah 's Lebanese leadership .
Britain is one country that draws this distinction , proscribing ESO , but not Hizbullah itself , under the Terrorism Act .
Interestingly , some of the earliest suicide bombings commonly attributed to Hizbullah , such as the 1983 attacks on the US embassy and marine barracks in Beirut , were believed by American intelligence sources at the time to have been orchestrated by the Iraqi Dawa party .
Hizbullah barely existed in 1983 and Dawa cadres are said to have been instrumental in setting it up at Tehran 's behest .
Dawa 's current leadership includes none other than the new Iraqi prime minister , Nuri al - Maliki , feted last week in London and Washington as the great hope for the future of the Middle East .
As the old saying goes , today 's terrorist is tomorrow 's statesman - at least when it suits us .
None of this should be read as exonerating Hizbullah of the charge that it uses terrorist tactics .
Irrespective of anything else , the use of Katyusha rockets against Israeli population centres is clearly intended to inflict terror and suffering on civilians .
It deserves a response .
But the allegations of terrorism levelled at Hizbullah ( as well as Hamas and other groups ) by America and Israel go well beyond the targeting of non-combatants .
The US state department 's annual reports on terrorism also list operations carried out against the Israeli Defence Force as examples of terrorism .
The US government justifies this conclusion by way of a logical contortion that defines Israeli troops as " non-combatants " , despite the fact that Israel continues to occupy territory in Lebanon and Palestine with military force .
The intention is not just to stamp out terrorism as commonly understood , but also to stigmatise perfectly legitimate acts of resistance .
Terrorism has always been extraordinarily difficult to define , but the American approach lacks any pretence at objectivity , thus making the term utterly meaningless .
Used in this way , terrorism becomes simply " political violence of which we disapprove " .
The answer , of course , must not be to abandon any attempt to distinguish between right and wrong in the use of force .
There need to be standards if we are to prevent the free - for - all of violence without limit .
But these standards must be disinterested , legitimate and robust .
As it happens , most of what we need is adequately provided for in international humanitarian law .
Numerous treaties and judgments from the Geneva conventions onwards set out quite detailed rules governing the use of force , including the principles of proportionality and civilian immunity .
Under international law , there can be no doubt that many of the actions carried out by Hizbullah and Hamas constitute war crimes that must be punished .
The reason it has been disregarded for the purposes of fighting terrorism is that , rather inconveniently for the governments concerned , it applies to states as well as non-state groups .
Accepting it would leave them open to unwanted scrutiny and possibly even prosecution for war crimes of their own .
In the case of the Israeli government , it is n't hard to see why .
Israeli doctrine eschews the principle of proportionality in favour of massive retaliation , as has been amply demonstrated in Lebanon and Gaza .
Despite Israel 's protestations that it is doing everything it can to avoid civilian casualties , it is clear that its military strategy is aimed at maximising the suffering of the Lebanese people as a whole .
This was declared quite openly on day one of the campaign , when Israel 's chief of staff , General Dan Halutz , promised to " turn back the clock in Lebanon by 20 years " , and confirmed again yesterday with the horrific slaughter at Qana .
The approach is identical to the one taken in similar operations in 1996 and 1993 , when Yitzhak Rabin admitted : " The goal of the operation is to get the southern Lebanese population to move northward , hoping that this will tell the Lebanese government something about the refugees , who may get as far north as Beirut . "
Populations will move like this only if they are in fear of their lives .
The same applies to Gaza , where the pretence at discrimination is even thinner and Palestinian civilians are being subjected to a brutal siege and acts of violence that have no military justification .
As in Lebanon , the intention is to force civilians to turn on the militias by inflicting as much pain and suffering as the Israeli government thinks it can get away with .
What is this if it is not terrorism ?
It is certainly a war crime .
So let 's hear no more hypocritical utterances about the evils of terrorism from Bush and Blair .
Not until they are able to speak with genuine moral authority by condemning all forms of illegal violence , irrespective of who commits them .
 David Clark is a former Labour government adviser
Dkclark@aol.com
