Nationals Senator Barnaby Joyce says the Federal Government should send a group of asylum seekers on board an Australian Customs ship back to Sri Lanka .
The 78 Sri Lankans have been on board the Oceanic Viking for three weeks and are refusing to get off because they do not want to be sent to an Indonesian detention centre .
The Federal Government has ruled out bringing the group to Christmas Island .
Senator Joyce told Channel Nine that Prime Minister Kevin Rudd should speak directly to the Sri Lankan President about the issue .
" If you want to show strength , if you want to be decisive - and he loves that description of himself as decisive - then send the Oceanic Viking to Colombo and you really will have made a strong statement , " he said .
The Sri Lankan High Commissioner to Australia , Senaka Walgampaya , has told Channel Ten it is likely the group would be accepted .
" Sri Lanka has to be satisfied that these people are still Sri Lankan nationals , that they do n't hold passports of any other country , " he said .
" If they are in fact Sri Lankans , they would be taken back . "
Mr Walgampaya says the people on board the Oceanic Viking are economic refugees .
" They would like to come here to Australia and they are making use of the post - conflict situation in Sri Lanka to make that excuse to seek asylum in Australia . "
But the Federal Government has accused the Opposition of exacerbating the stand - off .
Frontbencher Peter Garrett has told Channel Ten the Opposition is just trying to fuel community fears .
" All that the Opposition have really done is seek to make political points , seek to exacerbate what is clearly a difficult situation , one that requires adept management by any government , and one that this Government 's taking very seriously , " he said .
South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford arrives with his wife Jenny at a White House dinner held by U.S. President Barack Obama for the National Governors Association in Washington , in this file photo taken February 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
CHARLESTON , South Carolina ( Reuters ) -
The wife of South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford said on Friday that she was filing for divorce , six months after Sanford traveled secretly to Argentina for what he later confessed was an extramarital affair .
The two - term Republican governor , once considered a potential presidential candidate , lamented Jenny Sanford ’s decision to seek divorce and took responsibility for his “ moral failure ” .
Jenny Sanford cited “ many unsuccessful efforts at reconciliation ” in a brief statement announcing her decision to seek the divorce .
On Wednesday , a South Carolina legislative subcommittee voted not to recommend the impeachment of Sanford , saying his secret trip in June for an affair with an Argentine woman did not meet the constitutional standard of “ serious misconduct . ”
The matter goes before the full judiciary committee of the South Carolina House of Representatives for a vote next week .
The governor said his wife had been “ more than gracious ” over the past six months .
“ While it is not the course I would have hoped for , or would choose , I want to take full responsibility for the moral failure that led to this tragic point , ” Sanford said in a statement .
Clothing Made Out of Wood
WOODEN CLOTHING
Look at those jacket , coat , shoes hat , etc .
So many details and so realistic …
Can you believe it that they are made out of wood ?
In a speech broadcast on Canadian television Tuesday , Michael Moore savaged the Democrats ’ healthcare bill , calling it a gift to the health insurance industry , which he argues will make $ 70 billion more as a result of mandated health insurance .
“ The health insurance companies are going to make an extra $ 70 billion dollars as a result of Americans being forced to buy their health insurance , ” Moore quipped .
“ What company would n’t love this bill ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Moore argues that the health insurance industry is n’t really upset about healthcare reform .
His assertions — which mirror those of some on the left — highlight the challenge that Democrats in Congress face on healthcare reform .
On the left , critics say that the bill does n’t go far enough in ensuring universal care ; on the right , critics say the proposal will lead to a government takeover of healthcare .
“ So all of the wailing that they ’re doing about this bill — believe me , the health insurance companies are not that upset about it , ” Moore said .
“ In fact , they helped write this bill . ”
“ It ’s not universal health care , ” he continued .
“ Thirteen million people will still not have health insurance in the United States .
“ And the drug companies signed a deal with Obama to keep them out of it , because they agreed to reduce their prices by $ 8 billion in the first year of the healthcare bill , ” he asserted .
But he noted that because these companies allegedly raised prices in the last year by $ 10 billion , they still come out $ 2 billion ahead .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ When you create a society that essentially is in that state , it ’s very easy to run an ad on the nightly news about what a third world country Canada is , and about how people are dying on the sidewalk here because they ca n’t get in to see the doctor , ” he added .
“ You actually believe that stuff .
Because of the education you ’ve been given , because education is such a low priority .
Our schools are in such disarray .
And our media does n’t do anything to help educate people in the way they need to be educated . ”
“ It ’s not that you need to become more like America , ” Moore said .
“ America needs to become more like you .
We need to become more Canadian - like . ”
“ A hospital will hire a foreclosure company to go after someone ’s home and have them thrown out on the curb because they have n’t paid the hospital bill , ” he added .
“ Something is seriously wrong with this . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from The Canadian Press , broadcast Nov. 17 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE
“ Renegades ”
½ Epic
While fans are still reeling from the October announcement that Rage Against the Machine frontman Zack de la Rocha is quitting the band over artistic differences , Rage releases a towering collection of cover tunes as their swan song .
In this 14 - song collection , Rage covers Springsteen , the Stooges and Cypress Hill as well as Bob Dylan and the Rolling Stones .
Under the direction of wonder producer Rick Rubin , the band attempts to get at each song ’s essence not through imitation , but interpretation .
On this record , the Rage boys prove to be innovative stylists .
Their thrash ‘ n ’ burn version of Dylan ’s “ Maggie ’s Farm ” is outstanding , as Rage adjusts the tempo and arrangement to reflect the song ’s angry - no - more roar .
They do the same for the Stones ’ “ Street Fighting Man , ” again wresting possession of a well - known song from the originator and claiming it as their own .
But their cover of Detroit ’s MC5 ’s “ Kick Out Jams ” does n’t equal the original ’s hard - core center .
Still that ’s a small complaint for a great rock album that at least for now is going to be the final studio opus from the broken down Machine .
NINE INCH NAILS
“ Nineinchnails : Things Falling Apart ”
Nothing Records
For five years there was n’t an electronic , metallic , or even gothic peep out of Nine Inch Nails , making many believe the band was unofficially deceased .
Then in 1999 all that changed .
The band released the incredible double disc “ The Fragile ” with which Trent Reznor and company reclaimed and polished NIN ’s reputation as one of the sharpest blades in cutting edge music .
A year , a successful world - wide tour and a pair of Grammy nominations later , Reznor – a studio rat at heart – has taken the time to produced “ Nineinchnails : Things Falling Apart , ” a re-mixed inside - out retooling of some of the excellent “ Fragile ” pieces .
The new record includes six of the original ’s best , as well as a cover of Gary Numan ’s “ Metal ” and Trent ’s own “ The Great Collapse ” ( a song written for “ The Fragile ” that did n’t make the final cut ) .
For most bands this would be unusual , but in fact it ’s the third time Reznor has re-examined his work in re-mixed versions .
Unfortunately , on “ Thing ’s Falling Apart , ” the re-mixes are less auspicious than either “ Fixed ” or “ Further Down the Spiral ” – his past re-mix efforts .
The new disc is further sucked down the spiral by three separate versions of “ Starf - kers , Inc. ” none of which tops the original featuring Marilyn Manson .
The basic problem is this disc never comes close to bettering “ The Fragile , ” making Reznor seem rather like an artist who paints a mustache on the Mona Lisa because he does n’t know when to lay the brush down .
STEVIE RAY VAUGHAN and DOUBLE TROUBLE
“ SRV ”
Legacy / Epic
Eyes clamped shut , his face contorted in the classic ugly face and his fingers flying in the high stratospheric range of his beat - up Fender Stratocaster is how you want to remember Stevie Ray Vaughan , the Texas guitar slinger , dead 10 years now .
The helicopter crash that took the man ’s life did n’t stop his music , which has remained in catalog since and is now being celebrated on a terrific four - disc tribute “ SRV . ”
The set ’s 54 tracks are gleaned from Vaughan ’s performances and studio work with his band Double Trouble between ’ 77 and his final concert at Alpine Valley in Wisconsin August 25 , 1990 , the night of his death .
While the studio work is interesting and a pleasure to listen to , Vaughan was a player who lived for the stage .
His Carnegie Hall tracks and the trio of Alpine Valley songs are testament to that .
While the three discs of music are all very fine , it ’s the brief fourth disc fans will appreciate most .
Here Vaughan is captured on a DVD featuring five un-aired , never released TV performances from the PBS music series “ Austin City Limits . ”
Collections such as this have in the past relied on liner notes and photographs to bring their subjects to life .
On “ SRV , ” the inclusion of concert performance in DVD format may be the smartest box set innovation of the year , and sets the standard for future collections .
3LW
“ 3LW ”
½ Epic
If one cute teenage girl who can sing is good , two has to be better and three is even better .
With that kind of marketing behind 3LW ( Three Little Women ) how can this pop infused R&B / hip - hop trio miss ?
The Lil’ Women , who range in age from 14 to 17 , display some solid vocal abilities on their debut disc .
While they are technically a superior ensemble that at times is remarkably reminiscent of the early Supremes , they are stylistically scattered .
The trio seems artistically divided as it delves into Britney - pop , soul - lite ballads and even hip - hop .
The trio is best when they tackle straight - ahead contemporary R&B like the song “ I ’m Gonna Make You Miss Me . ”
This disc ’s other standout is “ I Ca n’t Take It , ” on which the girls sing with gangsta rapper Nas .
Implanted lenses may be old hat compared to newfangled sight restoration techniques involving radiation beams and teeth , but it looks like some eye surgeons in the UK have now come up with a few new tricks that promise to let patients see better than ever .
The new process apparently starts out like a standard procedure for cataracts , but makes use of lenses made from light - sensitive silicone that can be fine tuned several times after the surgery , eventually giving the patient " HD vision " that 's said to be better than 20 / 20 .
The lenses can apparently even be adjusted for either bifocal or varifocal use , eliminating the need for some patients to wear glasses at all .
Head on past the break for a video .
[ Thanks , Esevila ]
What if the first Google hit for your last name called you a prostitute , an incestuous creep , a danger to children , or a diseased lesbian ?
And what if , despite a federal court injunction , you could n't get the postings removed ?
Welcome to one Chicago family 's Internet nightmare .
Is it " safe harbor " run amok , or just an unfortunate and rare side effect of an otherwise well - crafted statute ?
A family matter
David and Mary Blockowicz have been married for 42 years , own a local accounting business , and have raised four adopted kids .
One of those children , Megan , married a man named Joseph Williams back in 1992 , then divorced him in 2000 after he was " physically and emotional [ sic ] abusive " to his wife .
Williams ' wrath then allegedly turned on the family , thanks to the magic of the Internet .
According to a federal complaint filed by the Blockowicz family back in June , Williams moved to Oregon after the divorce and began harassing the family from afar .
He posted statements to various websites like Facebook , MySpace , and Ripoffreport.com , an online complaint site .
The statements , detailed in the court documents , are extreme .
Defendants refer to David , Mary and [ older sister ]
Lisa Blockowicz as Megan ’s “ scumbag family "
Defendants falsely state that “ Megan 's father was an incestuous creep who forced all of his children to satisfy him sexually ”
Defendants spin a false tale about Mary and Lisa Blockowicz interacting with Nevada Child Protection Services
Defendants falsely state that the Blockowicz family is a danger to Megan ’s children
Defendants falsely suggest that Lisa Blockowicz uses a number of aliases
Defendants call Lisa Blockowicz a “ Scumbag Con-Artist , Diseased Alcoholic ,
Compulsive Liar , Thief ”
Compulsive Liar , Thief ”
Defendants state that Lisa Blockowicz is a lesbian , and is “ diseased ”
Hardly the behavior of a scholar and a gentleman , but was it defamatory ?
On October 6 , after Williams failed to show up in court , federal judge James Holderman issued a default judgment against him , along with an injunction ordering him to take down the posts in question .
He did not .
Third party liability
A piece of one Ripoff Report post
So the Blockowicz family went to the various websites , injunction in hand , and asked them to remove the posts .
( Note that the websites could not be sued directly , as they have " safe harbor " immunity under the Communications Decency
Act for most material posted by users ; the Blockowicz family did the right thing here and sued the speaker instead . )
All the sites complied — except for Ripoffreport , which prides itself on never removing content .
So what to do ?
The postings are still up and , even with a federal court order in hand , the family could not get them taken down .
The next step was to ask the judge to enforce the injunction , not against Williams but against Ripoff Report .
On Monday , the judge refused to do so .
It 's a basic premise of the law that judges cannot enforce orders and injunctions against parties which have not been " adjudged according to law , " as the opinion puts it , and Ripoffreport was not a " party " to Williams ' action .
In fact , the Ripofferport terms of service disallow defamatory posts and the judge saw no evidence of the site " working in concert " with Williams to post the material .
That meant he could not in good conscience enforce the injunction against the site .
It 's a perverse conclusion to the case , even though all the decisions appear to follow the law .
Even the judge was bothered by his ruling .
" The court is sympathetic to the Blockowicz 's plight , " he wrote .
" They find themselves the subject of defamatory attacks on the Internet yet seemingly have no recourse to have those statements enjoined from public view . "
Reaction
To Ben Sheffner , a copyright attorney who covered the Joel Tenenbaum P2P case for us , this just highlights the fact that Communications Decency
Act immunity is written too broadly .
" So the bottom line is that the court was utterly powerless to grant the plaintiffs an effective remedy against harmful speech that has no First Amendment value , " he writes on his blog .
" That 's probably the correct result under the statute and the case law explicating it .
But I can't imagine Congress would have enacted Section 230 back in 1996 if it knew this would be the result .
Or did they disagree with Chief Justice Marshall when he wrote , ' The Government of the United States has been emphatically termed a government of laws , and not of men .
It will certainly cease to deserve this high appellation if the laws furnish no remedy for the violation of a vested legal right ' ? "
Law professor Eric Goldman , last seen in these pages predicting the gradual death of Wikipedia , also finds himself troubled .
Normally , there 's no problem here , since most websites will remove content with a court injunction like the one the Blockowicz 's obtained .
But Ripoff Report wo n't .
" Although this is the right doctrinal result , " he says , " the normative issues are still gnawing at me .
I 'm troubled that online content could be categorically off - limits from compelled takedown based on a service provider 's choices .
In some circumstances , continued publication may not be the right result . "
To all those ready to scream about the " Streisand effect " ( publicizing the very thing you want hidden by filing a lawsuit against it ) , it 's worth putting yourself in the Blockowicz family shoes for a moment ; a Google search on the family 's last name turns up as its very first link one of the Ripoff Report posts claiming that daughter Megan is a prostitute and that her father is an " incestuous creep . "
And that 's before the news coverage of this ruling has even had a chance to get going ; a Google News search on the family 's last name turns up no hits at all at the moment .
A mischievous bedroom billboard mocking the Christian conception story has been defaced just over five hours after it was erected by a church in downtown Auckland .
The controversial billboard , erected by St Matthew - in - the - City Church about 11 am today , showed Joseph looking down dejectedly and Mary looking sad .
Underneath is a caption , " Poor Joseph .
God is a hard act to follow . "
The image , which the church said was put up to stir debate about the real meaning of Christmas , was seen defaced with brown paint shortly after 4 pm .
" When I drove by at 3.30 pm it was fine , " St Matthew - in - the - City spokesman Clay Nelson told NZPA .
He said a television cameraman had captured footage of the vandalism and it was likely to be handed to police and a complaint laid .
" We had asked some of the street people to keep an eye on it overnight but it 's taken even less time than that , " Mr Nelson said .
" We knew this would create a little bit of a fuss but I had no idea that my co-religionists had no sense of humour . "
Mr Nelson said the billboard had clearly succeeded in sparking debate , judging by publicity and the number of messages the church had received .
" This is going to be a topic of conversation on dinner tables around the world , " he said .
" Getting people to talk about Christmas in real ways is maybe worth a little bit of paint . "
He said the church would find a way to get the original image back on the billboard .
Archdeacon Glynn Cardy had said the concept was to get people to think what Christmas was all about .
" Is it about a spiritual male God sending down sperm so a child would be born , or is it about the power of love in our midst as seen in Jesus ? "
He said the true importance of Christmas " is in the radical hospitality Jesus offered to the poor , the despised , women , children , and the sick , and says : ' this is the essence of God ' .
His death was a consequence of the offensive nature of that hospitality and his resurrection a symbolic vindication " .
Archdeacon Cardy said the church had asked an advertising agency to come up with a few ideas in November , and that the billboard they chose was n't the most radical one offered up to them .
" One of the options we turned down had a sperm coming down with the words ' Joy To The World ' . "
Catholic Church spokeswoman Lyndsay Freer had described the image as inappropriate and disrespectful , while traditional values group Family First said it was wrong to confront children and families with the image .
Last week a campaign by New Zealand Atheist Bus Campaign raised $ 20,000 in public donations to fund bus ads which read " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life " .
Those ads created a storm when they ran on the London Underground and British buses this year .
Similar ads have run in the United States , Canada , Italy , Spain , Australia , Finland and Germany .
nasa , you ’re trying way too hard to be trendy
The world 's premiere space agency would like to know if " ur down 2 learn more bout the space - nizzle . "
Trying to look edgy , hip and stylish has been a marketing and public outreach strategy for decades and when you have the right corporate culture and the right product , it works .
But let ’s be honest here .
Rocket science or engineering are not exactly the most exciting things to teenagers who have dating , music and movies on the mind .
And when you ’re trying to be edgy , you ’ve either got it or you do n’t because faking it can be much worse than just staying silent .
Case in point is a NASA 360 blog post from Johnny Alonso which sounds like a bad mix of text - speak and an impersonation of Alicia Silverstone from Clueless .
This attempt to sound hip and in tune with pop culture is so heavy handed , it ’s a living textbook example of how not to do scientific outreach .
I know , I know .
To keep innovating and researching both for academic knowledge and profit , we need to keep teenagers in high school interested in science , but it seems as if everyone from politicians to the media world is working against that goal .
Faux populism stressing how “ too much ” education breeds snobs and elitists , or how math and science are just too hard for regular people coming from politicians , and today ’s addiction to reality shows and our culture ’s focus on making big celebrities out of random people on TV , breed what could only be described as virulent aversion to science .
On top of that , the web is teeming with pseudoscience that could rot your ears off and creationists are successfully trying to undermine scientific curriculums since all they really care about is advancing their religious dogmas , and their hatred for science keeps them motivated and vicious in their zeal .
It ’s a dour situation .
Science , not too long ago hailed as the way to a better and brighter tomorrow , now seems to be under relentless assault .
You have to connect with the younger generations and persuade them to reach for the test tubes and equations .
They can rev up research and development .
They can reject those crass and self - serving messages advocating ignorance and disdain for education .
They can turn this metaphorical ship around .
But they need to be inspired and that ’s not go happen with pseudo - hipness that starts with “ hai guyz , whaz up ? ”
They ’ll see it as out of date , offensive and mocking .
Instead , we need to come up with movies and books that show how science can be put to use in everyday life .
We need to create media that ’s educational , that promotes learning and shows its personal and monetary rewards .
And we ca n’t have any of that preachy , condescending after school special material .
No , we need exciting , mainstream blockbusters and TV shows with better science and books with characters who inspire by example , not by clumsy lectures .
The point is that you want to provoke younger generations to take an active interest in science not because you tried to mock their culture or constructivist sloganeering .
They have to take an interest because you showed a little snippet of science that provoked their interest .
We need to provide them with the chance to ask and show them that an interest in chemistry , or biology , or physics , really can pay off .
Younger generations respect those with knowledge and brainpower , regardless of the typical high school pettiness with which we ’re familiar .
And so , rather than break a hip while trying to be hip , you need to tap into their existing knowledge and show them some respect .
Not blog posts which real like an attempt at Onion - esque satire of teenage stereotypes by a 39 year old actor pretending to be fifteen .
The time has come to count the cost , and count how little it really is .
Ten billion dollars would buy Indonesia 's forests whose bushfires are 20 per cent of the planet 's annual carbon increase , and $ 100,000 - surely - each year would police the firebugs with helicopter gunships , parachuting SWAT teams and Elvises dropping water .
That 's 20 per cent of global warming gone for the price of eight days of the Afghan war .
Ten billion dollars more would keep comfortable for 15 years the 10,000 coal miners we should probably stop mining Australian coal - in five years ' time or so - till a coal - smoke - disposal system is perfected .
Solar , wind and hot - rocks power could give us our electricity till then , once people start putting solar mirrors on their roofs .
Is this so much money ?
It would cost each Australian taxpayer $ 7 a week for four years to bring down the world 's carbon output by 25 per cent , or $ 4 a week to buy the next few fighter bombers and submarines in the same time frame .
Is that so much money ?
A choc-top and a small popcorn sacrificed each week , to help save the world ?
Similar money could pay certain fishermen to stop fishing certain rivers , say , three per nation per year , for 18 months or two years so the world fish stocks replenish .
Or building dykes in the Maldives and Bangladesh .
Or putting half the Darling under clear plastic wrap to stop evaporating .
This is the kind of thing tax is for .
Tax is there to bring civilisation , schools , hospitals , universities , Apollo missions , church repairs , tsunami relief , opera houses , just wars - and it's idiotic for the Liberals to say in a time of international catastrophe it should come down .
Tax is a cost , that 's all .
It 's the cost , in the main , of keeping us safe .
Other costs we do n't seem to mind : the $ 15 a week we pay , in product price , for television advertising , the $ 15 a week for crossing the Harbour Bridge , the $ 200 a week - some weeks - for parking in town .
Yet $ 15 or $ 20 a week to save the world and replenish the fish in it is an outrageous import we should n't contemplate .
We each pay one dollar a week , perhaps , for the various CEOs of Telstra , Qantas , Woolworth's , Wilson Parking , Sydney Airport and so on who do little work for their millions a year .
We each pay in road tolls , bus fares , ferry fares and parking fees more each week , on average , than it would cost to save the world .
Yet the Liberals say the various methods proposed to do it - to save the Barrier Reef and prevent the displacement by sea rise of 300 million people - are " unaffordable " at $ 20 a week , the kind of money we pay each week for useless CEOs , or choc-tops , or cinema tickets , or the Murdoch newspapers .
Money is money , that 's all .
And we can spend one billion dollars a week of it protecting the Karzai Brothers from arrest and conviction for illegal drug- running , or stopping the bush fires that are choking the planet , restoring the fish and pursuing hot - rocks technology to the point where it replaces coal .
We can spend money uselessly , or fruitfully .
Naturally we choose the former .
The same ' tax dollar ' that props up the murderous bull - ant Netanyahu could be sucking up the Shoalhaven ( as one good idea lately suggests ) and spewing it into the Murrumbidgee and replenishing at the Murray 's end the Coorong and returning the pelicans ( like Mr Percival ) to that natural wonder .
Or cleansing the waters of the Third World ; or putting the right sort of light bulbs in light sockets everywhere in the world , and bringing down carbon that way .
It 's only money and there 's actually enough of it to fix things , money that is misdirected to greedy bastards who do n't need it , money the planet could use .
And a World Salvation Impost of $ 15 a week on the West , which is 700 billion a year , could sort out most of these problems , or try to , in a decade or so .
But the Big Polluters call it all " unaffordable " and demand lower taxes for their massive delay in solving things , and paying their CEOs nine million a year for failing to solve them .
I 'm old , and I 'm getting a little tired of this innumerate assault on the obvious .
Tax , more tax , though not much tax , and a cap on the wages of CEOs to four times that of the US President would solve most of it , or give us a fair chance to solve it , which Carbon Trading will probably never do , any more than taxing cigarettes will wipe out smoking .
It has n't so far .
I called Penny Wong " the Minister for Not Yet " on Q&A a few months back , and I have proved since then to be right .
But prodding and mocking Malcolm , the best friend her fool scheme had , and humiliating his faction and his Party she drove him out of office and politics , and the parliamentary argument back to the oh - no - no - another - tax kindergarten oratory of my new friend Tony Abbott , an infantile denier of most things , including arithmetic .
She has done very badly , in short , as I knew she would , so ignorant she seemed that night of everything .
I ask for her sacking now for her total failure to get her intended legislation through , and her apology for messing the planet around .
Or perhaps you disagree .
Um es gleich vorweg zu sagen : Niemand sollte 39,95 Euro für dieses Buch ausgeben .
Man sollte es stattdessen einfach dem Schicksal überlassen , das ungefähr 90 Prozent aller Dissertationen ereilt - dem unbeachteten Verstauben in der Universitätsbibliothek und dem gelegentlichen Abgestaubtwerden im Bücherregal der stolzen Eltern der Verfasser .
Denn Kristina Köhler hat mit ihrer Doktorarbeit " Gerechtigkeit als Gleichheit ?
Eine empirische Analyse der objektiven und subjektiven Responsivität von Bundestagsabgeordneten " eine mustergültige Typ - II - Arbeit vorgelegt , also ein Werk , das weniger vom Interesse an der wissenschaftlichen Arbeit , sondern mehr von dem Wunsch nach einem akademischen Titel geprägt ist .
Kristina Köhler hat untersucht , in welchem Umfang die vertretenen Grundwerte der CDU - Bundestagsabgeordneten deckungsgleich sind mit denen der einfachen CDU - Mitglieder .
Dazu hat sie Fragebögen an alle Bundestagsabgeordneten der CDU und an eine repräsentative Auswahl von 1.000 Mitgliedern der Partei verschickt .
Abgefragt hat sie dabei die Haltung von Mandatsträgern und einfachen Parteimitgliedern zu egalitären beziehungsweise non-egalitären Grundwerten .
Im Kern sollten die Befragten sagen , was ihnen wichtiger ist : Freiheit oder Gleichheit .
Das Ergebnis war vorhersehbar : Natürlich ist Gleichheit für Mitglieder und Bundestagsabgeordnete der CDU weniger wichtig als Freiheit .
Wobei Freiheit im Sinne von Kristina Köhlers Untersuchung vor allem die Freiheit des Wirtschaftens und des Strebens nach materiellem Wohlstand ist .
Von Freiheit im Sinne von Bürgerrechten und Privatsphäre ist nicht die Rede , kann auch nicht die Rede sein bei Kristina Köhler .
Wer ein bisschen sucht , der findet nämlich in einem anderen politischen Buch eine bemerkenswerte Aussage von Kristina Köhler zum Thema " Freiheit " .
Der Journalist Thomas Leif hat in seinem im Frühjahr erschienenen Buch " Angepasst und ausgebrannt " versucht , den politischen Nachwuchs in Deutschland zu porträtieren .
Dazu hat er auch Kristina Köhler - damals einfaches Mitglied des Bundestags - interviewt .
Und sie sagte ihm :
" Neoliberal " ist ja ein negativ konnotierter Begriff .
Aber das , was damit gemeint ist , teilen wir in gesellschaftspolitischen und wirtschaftspolitischen Fragen durchaus :
Wir teilen die Überzeugung , dass wir ein Land brauchen mit weniger Umverteilung und mehr Eigenverantwortung , dass wir die Freiheit bei uns massiv einschränken , und dass sich das ändern muss .
In innenpolitischen Fragen , die echte sicherheitspolitische Fragen sind , befürworten wir einen starken Staat . "
Was Kristina Köhler da noch " weniger Umverteilung und mehr Eigenverantwortung " nannte , wird in ihrer Dissertation zu " Non-Egalitarismus " , also zu einer Geisteshaltung , die Gleichheit als gesellschaftlichen
Wert nicht akzeptiert .
In diesem Denkmodell ist Gerechtigkeit keine Frage von Gleichheit , es verbietet die vergleichende Betrachtung der menschlichen Lebensumstände .
Kristina Köhler zitiert hierzu ausführlich den amerikanischen Philosophen Harry Frankfurt , der in Princeton lehrte und ein profilierter Theoretiker des Non-Egalitarismus ist .
" Es geht unter dem Aspekt der Moral nicht darum , dass alle das gleiche haben sollten , sondern dass jeder genug hat . "
Harry Frankfurt - und implizit auch Kristina Köhler - bestreitet kategorisch , dass die Schlechterstellung eines Menschen im Vergleich zu einem anderen Menschen per se ein Nachteil sei .
Sofern es dem schlechtergestellten Menschen nach absoluten Maßstäben gut genug geht , ist es aus non-egalitärer Sicht völlig gleichgültig , wie vielen anderen es um ein Vielfaches besser geht .
Die Definition von " gut genug " bleiben allerdings sowohl Harry Frankfurt als auch Kristina Köhler schuldig .
Das Ergebnis der Arbeit ist allerdings eindeutig : Frau Köhler resümiert nach 650 ausgewerteten Fragebögen und viel empirischer Interpretationsarbeit :
" Die CDU - Mitglieder scheinen also mit überwältigender Mehrheit bereit zu sein , für einen größeren Wohlstand aller oder auch eines Teils der Bevölkerung mehr soziale Ungleichheit hinzunehmen .
Eine Nivellierung nach unten , eine Schlechterstellung der Bessergestellten um einer egalitäreren Verteilung willen , lehnen sie mit großer Mehrheit ab . "
Die Bundestagsabgeordneten hingegen , so die Autorin , vertreten viel stärker egalitäre , also gleichmacherische Grundideen als die einfachen Parteimitglieder , deren Weltbild sich offenbar immer noch auf die Kurzform " Freiheit statt Sozialismus " bringen lässt .
Diese Feststellung darf man wohl getrost als einen Appell an die CDU - Mandatsträger im Bundestag verstehen , die Sozialdemokratisierung aus der Zeit der Großen Koalition hinter sich zu lassen und wieder ins wirtschaftsliberale Lager einzurücken .
Wer sich bis zum Ende durchgekämpft hat , der begreift , dass die ganzen 303 Seiten der Dissertation von Frau Dr. Köhler eigentlich nichts weiter sind als eine Aufforderung an die CDU , ihre neoliberale Programmatik von 2005 zu reanimieren .
Der Firnis der Wissenschaft kann diese Botschaft kaum überdecken .
Kristina Köhler : Gerechtigkeit als Gleichheit ?
Empirische Analyse der objektiven und subjektiven Responsivität von Bundestagsabgeordneten .
VS - Verlag , 300 Seiten , Euro 39,90 , ISBN 978-3-531-17054-4
Author Thread
MAD DOG !
love it
Photographer found comment helpful .
STILL one of my favorite photos here . :-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Lovely , this photo just made my day !
I love the action in this shot .
The series is very nice !
I have to ask ... how much snow ended up on you ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on the ribbon .
The whole series is wonderful .
Photographer found comment helpful .
It is inconceivable that I never commented on this !!!!!
This image is better than therapy !
Just looking at it gives me a jolt of joy to the heart .
What sort of dog is this ?
Offhand I 'd say Irish Setter ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
Just tried to fav this and found I had already .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is actually pretty awesome ... even though it is a pet shot ;P
Photographer found comment helpful .
Oh , yes .
Those floppy ears and total exuberance would resonate anywhere !
glad you are getting fantastic recognition for this fun shot .
Alice
Photographer found comment helpful .
what an adorable shot !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This shot is priceles .. haha
Photographer found comment helpful .
I dont know where I was , but I missed seeing this great photo .
I bet Hogan finds the lost balls when the snow melts .
You had a hard time selecting from the outtakes I bet .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I liked this when I first saw it , but thought I 'd let you know that I just came across it again by using " stumbleupon " -- so it appears you are gaining popularity outside of this site as well !
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a fun shot !
Congratulations on your new PB and the yellow !
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a great capture ... look at all that snow ... burrrrr .
Congrats !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Such a beatiful shot of your dog at play
He looks so happy I just love this series of images and you certaily deserved a ribbon Congratulations
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on your first ribbon .
Love this shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats !
What a joyful picture .
Love it !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Magnificent shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Absolutely loved this during voting .
Congrats on your well deserved ribbon , Derek .
Photographer found comment helpful .
* lol * very funny picture . :-) ) ) congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This photo is so playful .
Congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Big WOW lovely shot dear
i give u Blue ribbon :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
This was my pick for the blue hands down !!
I love everything about it & the technical
Quality is 1st rate .
Congrats
Photographer found comment helpful .
Nice action shot , I wish we had snow like that here !
Great capture , congrats on ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
He sure looks like he is having fun .. and that is what it is all about !
Congratulations on a great image
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very nice , congratulations .
By the way , your dog looks like a big sweety .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on your Yellow .
Beautiful action capture of this beautiful dog .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great shot .
In my view , even the outtakes would have placed in the top three .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This was my # 1 , a terriffic energetic shot .
Congratulations on your ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on your ribbon !
Lovely image !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I did the same thing with my dog after the storm ... but without pictures .
Now i wish i did .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I REALLY like that burst of color in the middle of all of that white .
Congrats on your ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Lovely picture .
The implied human interaction can only be missed by the blind .
The perfectly exposed snow and subject are amazing .
Should have taken the blue , IMHO .
Congratulations !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow -- that 's some serious snow !
I 'm in MI and we have n't had so much as a flurry yet . :P
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a beautiful dog , congrats on your yellow ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well . . . you know how I feel about this photo .
I reckon I 've gushed enough .
I 'm so glad you ended up with a ribbon !
Congratulations .
Hogan is awesome !
Photographer found comment helpful .
OMG - this is awesome !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on the well deserved ribbon .
The energy and enthusiasm of the shot makes the shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well done !
Congrats on the ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations .
This was one of top 3 that I thought should end up on the front page .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulation on your ribbon and PB !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
i love dogs ... i put here a photo of my Maffy too ... congrats , a deserved ribbon
Photographer found comment helpful .
Completely lovable and adorable !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on the ribbon !
This is a fabulous shot !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I absolutely love this shot !
Definitely a 10 !
Fetch has got to be the most commonly observed animal / person interaction and you captured it beautifully !
Congrats on the ribbon , but in my opinion , this shot deserved blue !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wd Derek , marvellous shot , my only 10 .
Pity so many speed voters missed the human interaction simply because there was n't one ( a human ) shown in the photo ... you got 46 x 10's , MORE than 1st ( x44 ) and 2nd ( x27 ) Place .
Tells you that math and logic are n't related .
Message edited by author 2009-11-11 00:43:43 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great shot !
Looks like this photo shoot was a blast !
Congrats on the ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
awesome !!
I loved this shot ( I gave it a 10 ! )
Photographer found comment helpful .
Love a doggie shot , there soooo much fun , daft , but fun ......
Hogan looks like he 's having a ball !
hahahahah
Congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Big congrats !
I am so glad this image ribboned :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on the ribbon !
This was one of my favorites !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Comments Made During the Challenge
I have to give this the Posthumous Blue .
Holy cowabunga .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I elected to use a rating table to decide on what value to assign during voting .
Here�s the table :
1 No Animal / People Interaction
2 Slightly Appealing , but no Animal / People Interaction
3 Moderately Appealing , but on Animal / People Interaction
4 Greatly Appealing , but no Animal / People interaction
5 Not Appealing , but possessing Animal / People Interaction
6 Slightly Appealing and possessing Animal / People Interaction
7 Moderately Appealing and possessing Animal / People Interaction
8 Greatly Appealing and possessing Animal People Interaction
9 Better than # 8 , and caused an audible sigh
10 Better than # 9 , and would likely declare it a favorite
Ok . .
I was just browsing thru the thumbs here , not even thinking I had enough time to vote on this challenge -- but after seeing this -- it is getting my 10 vote -- and I 'm making sure I vote enough for it to count .
Because if it does n't win a blue ribbon , you have been totally robbed by an inferior photo !
I can't imagine having a photo this cool of my pet !
Congratulations !
And thanks for being such an awesome owner who would get out and play in that weather :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
woah boy !
fantastic capture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a fabulous shot .
I bet that doggy is having a blast .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Oh my goodness !
This is too funny - what a terrific capture .
The way that dog is just exploding out of the snow , lol !
Would be nice perhaps if the human interaction part was a emphasized a litle stronger though ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is so fun & playful !
Great stop action - full of emotion .
Well done !
Photographer found comment helpful .
great picture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This will ribbon ( I hope ) ... emotive , fun , exhuberant and interactive with Human that threw the ball .
Only negative is the snow being overexposed to get detail in the darker fur and eyes of the dog .
May bump score later ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
holy cow , you really have snow !
love love this photo
Photographer found comment helpful .
All I can say is this looks like the dog is having a great time .
He / She really pops out against the snow and the ball being a different color is perfect .
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
I like how this clearly shows human / animal interaction without a human in the frame - it makes the viewer part of the subject .
Cool !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great cute shot of doggie in the snow and the ball makes a wonderful focal point .
But though dog is clearly headed for you , you are not in the shot , so hard to tell which way voters may go .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is very nice !
Actually I love it !
So lively and great capture !
Gotta love the snow !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ack ; snow already !!!
This tells a story in spades .
I fear if you were not using a long zoom that you may have been run over a split second after taking this ;-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Excellent photograph .
He looks like he is a lot of fun , and enjoying the play so much !
Great Capture , surely tells the story of interaction .
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
I 'm really thinking that a person needs to be in the shot to fit the challenge properly but this image is just so cool I had to give it a high score .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Excellent action capture .
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow !
really good !
almost perfect !
9
Photographer found comment helpful .
Made me laugh .
No human in sight but the interaction is there and I hope nobody dings you for that nitpick .
Great shot .
8.5
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is joyful and magical !
Love it !
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a great shot !
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
Excellent shot !
Great capture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great shot but where 's the human ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
Brilliant !
Photographer found comment helpful .
wonderful capture !
i wish that there had been a bit more distance in between you , so that there was a strip of snow at the bottom , but thats just me .
great composition !
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a COOL shot !
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful shot !!!
If there had been just a little more human to it , I would have scored it much higher .
Photographer found comment helpful .
LOL !
I 'm sure this will do well for you ...
I like the photo very much ... but I 'm missing the Human part .
My dog picks up his ball by himself and runs around with it .
Yeah .
He 's strange .
( not voting )
Photographer found comment helpful .
Guaranteed smile - inducing shot unless you have a fear of large brown dogs built partially of snow ...
I love how he does indeed seem part snow monster , part dog .
The blue / green of the ball works well , and the implied human ( ie us - the viewer ) works well for me , too .
Great fun !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I like seeing all the different seasons in these photos .
Even though you cannot see the interaction it is obvious from the picture , nicely done .
The green color of the ball adds a nice punch to the shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is fantastic , i love it
Photographer found comment helpful .
Really cool action shot .
The dog is in great focus and you definitely captured the interaction between man and his best friend .
Good job !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is awesome and he looks like Scooby Do. I love it and it's a 10 for me .
Thanks for making me smile today .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Super play shot , we have to assume the interaction with the human who must either be the photographer or behind the photographer .
Good job keeping expression in the eyes and details within the snow .
by Brett Stevens on December 25 , 2009
We ’re at one of those great times in history where both sides of the political equation are crossing over to the other .
This happens because each has retreated to such extreme positions they ’ve confused their goals and methods .
Amerika.org in particular is a vanguard of what we call the “ American New Right . ”
We borrow equally from the American right ( Republicans ) , the European New Right , and — there ’s no way to honey coat this — the extreme realist fringe of the green movement .
Right now , we ’re a movement for the readers and thinkers who are too arrogant to allow social mores to control our thoughts .
We seek out sensible answers to today ’s problems and a sensible design for society , and we ’re not going to twist our truths to curry favor from a society of couch - sitting , television - addicted , self - important yet generally not very autonomous people .
We hold these truths to be self - evident :
The highest and most important question of our survival is people quality .
In intelligent , health / beauty and moral character , our people must be on the whole good , or we ’re going to be babysitters in the monkey house .
Some people are good , meaning they are productive and intelligent , healthy and of good moral character .
Others are bad ; these tend to have health problems , not be that attractive , and they may be clever but they are not intelligent .
Bad people disguise themselves as many things , but their main activity is parasitism , whether legal or not .
People are born good or bad .
Their genes determine most of it but there ’s a roll of the dice at birth .
You cannot educate the bad into the good but you can hobble and destroy the good and turn them bad .
The goal of government is not to direct , but to conserve .
Government should serve the will of the people as a whole , not be a facilitator for each individual ’s dreams .
Civilizations are groups of people united by language , values , heritage and customs .
Government must serve the role of protecting these people and their environment .
Our environment is our lifeline and how we gauge whether we ’re good people .
Our environment is like a giant machine that replenishes our air and water .
It creates the conditions for life as we know it .
Our science is puny in comparison .
Obviously , we depend on it .
Even more , its condition affects us mentally : when we feel that we are destructive displacers of the good , we sink into despair .
When we feel we exist on an honest level with our environment , and are n’t parasites , we feel good .
We need to conserve half of each biome for nature — no roads , no railways , no concrete , no humans moving through it .
Just leave it alone .
Realpolitik is in effect and always will be .
Every person and country wants to rule the world , and only one can , so the others will be gunning for that one .
Even more , if their neighbors have something they can use , they ’ll want to take it .
Conflict is part of nature and when you think about it , makes sense — nothing ever goes to waste because a frail or obsolete entity is holding on to it .
Nothing about the human condition has changed or ever will .
We are the same creatures we started as and we face the same eternal problems .
These do n’t change with technology or passing years , but get a little bit harder to spot .
The idea that it ’s 2009 and so we should follow some progressive agenda is as ridiculous as the idea that it ’s 2009 and so we do n’t need protein in our diet any longer .
History is the laboratory from which we learn what works and what does n’t , and the notion that we can throw out years of learning because an arbitrary number of years clicked forward is , well , insane .
Any sane nation will focus on two attributes to its value system : innocence and adventure .
Innocence , especially sexual innocence , keeps us loving toward the idea of family and lets us raise people with high , clean , life - embracing ideals .
Adventure is what we need to be motivated , because it makes the struggle endemic to life into a form of play .
Our modern lives are without grace , without innocence and without a sense of adventure , so we are both bored and cheapened .
Finance should reflect the value of production , not of sales .
Dying empires make their money circulating properties around and “ adding value ” to them with marketing and services .
Thriving empires make things : they invent , they grow , they manufacture , and they refine .
The pretense that non-service economies are somehow lower is simply that , a pretense .
Status should reflect the value of productivity , not of social meme .
Right now we have a society where people succeed by flattering each other , or using handy advertising methods to make everyone feel good , and while we ’re all so polite and politically correct , we ’re also completely alienated from the truth and as a result , ignoring the people who are doing the best things in our society .
Polite , politics , and popularity have similar roots — the pandering to the assembled crowd with platitudes , cliches , glad - handing , make - work pleasantries , and by thus avoiding reality , the manipulation of others and personal profit .
Libertarians have a point : leave people alone if they ’re not doing anything stupid .
There are roughly three groups in any society : the good , those who destroy what the good do , and those who are in the middle .
Reward the good , smite those who destroy what the good do , and ignore those in the middle until they do something exceptional .
But in the meantime , leave the people who are not doing something destructive alone .
We are choking on bureaucracy , rules , regulations , and nit -picking law enforcement that ends up mostly penalizing the good guys , like shearing the sheep while the wolves feast .
Darwinism is an ongoing process .
Society is a form of natural selection that determines who is rewarded and gets a chance to breed more than others , and who is encouraged to do so .
Most societies kill themselves by encouraging their smartest people to remain single and “ individualistic , ” while also rewarding the least productive people with pity that encourages them to breed .
This destroys civilizations .
We need to produce always better , always smarter , always healthier and more moral people — and to that end , we should discourage breeding except for the good people .
Diversity is not a strength ; it ’s a weakness .
When everyone is moving toward roughly the same values , goals and ideals and they have roughly the same abilities , we do just fine .
When people are moving in every which direction , they tend to think society is doing great for them personally , and only many years later notice the decay and inability to make decisions that was the opportunity cost of that “ freedom . ”
Let ’s not focus on “ freedom , ” which means lack of accountability to reality , but instead focus on pragmatism .
That means the best civilization is one with minimal diversity : similar religions , similar ethnic / racial stock , similar intelligence / class / caste , similar values , same languages , and so on .
It ’s taboo to say this now because saying it points out that our civilization is dying and not thriving .
However , it ’s insane to assume that radically different evolution did not produce radically different results .
We can politely insist on that and separate our peoples , and not end up being such diverse failures as Brazil , Ireland , Russia , Mexico and so on .
Greece and Rome were strongest when not diverse ; has anyone noticed the constantly rising crime , corruption and disorder in the USA as we ’ve gotten more diverse ?
The problem is n’t the ingredients — blaming another race for your problems is racism — but the fact of mixture .
Mixture creates confusion .
Solidarity creates strength .
I ’m sure these will be taboo .
The Republicans will not like the green parts ; the liberals will flame out about the anti-diversity and anti-class - warfare stance ; the European New Right will not like our Puritan moral ethic .
Too bad — if you think through all the variables , you ’ll see this viewpoint is the least neurotic and most effective of all .
To incite further discontent among the latte - sipping classes :
Diversity has never worked throughout all of history .
It ’s a way large nations announce they are dying and replacing themselves with hired labor .
Whether it ’s diversity of religion , of race / ethnicity , or even too much separation between classes , it destroys nations .
Do n’t blame African - Americans , Jews , Whites or Mexicans — blame diversity !
This showed up in the comments of one of our associated blogs and just about says it all .
Our dying civilization has created myths that no one wants to be the first to debunk , because these myths are of the “ just do this , and it ’ll all be all right ” superstition — which never works , by the way , because reality does n’t work that way .
We ’re the American New Right , and we ’re here to debunk these myths and scare away anyone too cowardly to face reality head - on .
The past thousand years of history have been a nightmare , save the development of our technology , but now we ’re about to obliterate ourselves through ecocide , nuclear proliferation , continued warfare , race hatred and meaningless modern lives .
Our ideas fix these problems .
We ’ve been trying liberal ideas for the past thousand years ; what problems have they fixed ?
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
This page has moved to : https://www.240turbo.com/TropicalFanClutch.html
Published online 18 November 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1096
News
Access to contraception could tackle global warming , says United Nations .
Can slowing population growth cut climate change ?
M. Swarup / AP
Photo
Providing access to contraception for 215 million women , mainly in developing countries , would help to stabilize population growth and significantly reduce the effects of climate change , the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) says in a report1 today .
The State of the World Population 2009 report says that population levels will affect countries ' abilities to adapt to the immediate effects of climate change , although the longer - term influence of population growth on climate change will depend on future economic , technological and consumption trends .
The study says that if the world 's population grows from 6.8 billion to 9 billion people by 2050 — the UN's " medium - growth " scenario — an extra 1 - 2 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide is likely to be emitted each year , compared with a " low - growth " scenario that leads to 8 billion people by 2050 .
In comparison , the burning of fossil fuels produced about 8.7 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide globally last year2 .
But despite the influence of population on climate , the link has barely featured in scientific and diplomatic discussions , the report says .
Thoraya Ahmed Obaid , executive director of the UNFPA , says that countries are probably shy of talking about this link because they fear that the discourse will turn to population control .
" We understand these fears , " she says , " but if contraception and family planning were made available to all those who want it , this would slow population growth and have a huge impact on climate change . "
Economic growth is generally believed to be one of the key drivers of lowering fertility rates , but Obaid argues that education and access to family - planning services are more influential on population levels .
Paul van Gardingen , professor of international development at the University of Edinburgh , UK , agrees that the role of education and contraception " is stronger than the relationship between GDP [ gross domestic product ] and fertility .
This is not to say that GDP is not important , but to say it is the thing that will reduce overall fertility and stabilize the global population is a bit tenuous , " he says .
" Until we get population dynamics integrated into our understanding of climate change and our responses to it , both will be ineffective , " he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
The report also calls for greater attention to be paid to the different impacts of climate change on women compared with men .
It argues that women are more vulnerable than men because they tend to earn less money , are less well educated , and have fewer resources to buffer the effects of global warming .
It also cites a lack of research and reliable data in the area .
" Women suffer most , " says Obaid .
" They must be included in discussions for adaptation programmes to succeed . "
Obaid hopes that the report will influence negotiations at the Copenhagen climate summit in early December .
Super Mario Bros – Life is not fair
Do you think life is not fair with you ?
Watch this video and you will appreciate your life .
This is a 23 minute frustration of a dude playing hardest Super Mario Bros ever .
I just love the way he talks playing it .
My favorite part is at 3:56 .
Whats your favorite part ?
Disclaimer :
This video contains some offensive language .
Do n’t watch it if you are not comfortable with it .
at
on
by Kristian
I think I need to make a “ someone eventually dies ” tag …
After nearly nine months of negotiations , Comcast , the nation ’s largest cable operator , announced an agreement on Thursday to acquire NBC Universal from the General Electric Company .
The deal valued NBC Universal at about $ 30 billion .
The agreement will create a joint venture , with Comcast owning 51 percent and G.E. owning 49 percent .
Comcast will contribute to the joint venture its stable of cable channels , which includes Versus , the Golf Channel and E Entertainment , worth about $ 7.25 billion , and will pay G.E. about $ 6.5 billion in cash , for a total of $ 13.75 billion .
For now , the network will remain NBC Universal , but ultimately Comcast could decide to change the name .
Almost immediately , the transaction reshapes the nation ’s entertainment industry , giving a cable provider a huge portfolio of new content , even as it raises the sector ’s anxieties about the future .
In a joint statement announcing the agreement , Brian L. Roberts , the chief executive of Comcast , said the deal was “ a perfect fit for Comcast and will allow us to become a leader in the development and distribution of multiplatform ‘ anytime , anywhere ’ media that American consumers are demanding . ”
The deal ’s genesis lies in frequent flirtations over the last several years between Comcast and General Electric , although serious talks began in March .
For Comcast , the purchase is the realization of its long - held ambition to be a major producer of television shows and movies .
This undated photo released by Census of Marine Life and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution shows a transparent sea cucumber , Enypniastes , creeping forward on its many tentacles at about 2 cm per minute while sweeping detritus - rich sediment into its mouth at 2,750 meters in the Northern Gulf of Mexico .
Thousands of marine species eke out an existence in the ocean 's pitch - black depths by feeding on the snowlike decaying matter that cascades down , and even sunken whale bones , according to a report released Sunday , Nov. 22 , 2009 .
Photograph : Larry Madin / Wood Hole Oceanographic Institution/guardian.co.uk
The dinosaur would have occasionally walked on all four legs
Researchers have discovered a fossil skeleton that appears to link the earliest dinosaurs with the large plant - eating sauropods .
This could help to bridge an evolutionary gap between the two - legged common ancestors of dinosaurs and the four - legged giants , such as diplodocus .
The remarkably complete skeleton shows that the creature was bipedal but occasionally walked on all four legs .
The team reports its discovery in the Royal Society journal Proceedings B. " What we have is a big , short - footed , barrel - chested , long - necked , small - headed dinosaur , " explained Adam Yates , the scientist from the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg who led the research .
" The earliest ancestral dinosaur - the great grand - daddy of all dinosaurs - walked on two legs .
This [ one ] is intermediate between those bipedal forms and the true gigantic sauropods . "
The dinosaur had a wide gape " to stuff more food in "
The skeleton was discovered at a site in the Senekal district of South Africa .
Dr Yates explained that features of its feet and jaw , as well as its size , gave away its significance .
The dinosaur , Aardonyx celestae was a heavy , slow - moving animal .
" It had a lot of features we see on sauropods , " explained Dr Yates .
" Short , broad feet and a big , broad gut , so it was clearly a plant - eater that was bulk - feeding .
" And the anatomy of the jaw shows it had a wide gape - to stuff more food in . "
It also had , he said , " sauropod - like front feet " .
" Its toe bones were very robust and solid , so its weight was being born on the inside of the foot .
It was still bipedal , but it may have been going down on to all fours to browse . "
' Living fossil '
The dinosaur dates from the early Jurassic period - about 200 million years ago .
" Although structurally it 's intermediate , it lived too late to be an actual ancestor , because true sauropods already existed [ then ] .
" So , at the time , it was a living fossil - the transition must have happened much earlier . "
Dr Yates stressed that the site where the fossil was discovered provided an abundance of valuable knowledge about dinosaur evolution .
" If you want to study how the dinosaurs became giants , " he said .
" You have to come to South Africa . "
Dr Paul Barrett - a palaeontologist from the Natural History Museum in London said that the discovery of Aardonyx helped " fill a marked gap in our knowledge of sauropod evolution " .
" [ It shows ] how a primarily two - legged animal could start to acquire the specific features necessary for a life spent on all fours .
" Evolution of this quadrapedal gait was key in allowing the late sauropods to adopt their enormous body sizes . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Internet service provider iiNet has slashed up to four hours off its off - peak time for downloads .
The WA - based company - which has about 8 per cent of fixed - line broadband customers in Australia - has changed its broadband plans to better manage its network load , especially on weekend mornings .
Customers will , in return for less time to use off - peak quota , get a boost in the amount they can download .
In an e-mail to customers titled " Shiny plan upgrade - your broadband plan just got better " , iiNet tells users they will be getting " a better deal at no extra cost " .
The changes mean iiNet 's popular Home 2 plan - where a landline and ADSL 2 + broadband are bundled - will see users get 10 GB quota in both peak and off - peak periods , compared to 5GB peak and 7GB off - peak at present .
The belief that the United States is the only declared nuclear power that is n’t modernizing its nuclear arsenal is fast becoming an article of faith in nuclear weapon policy circles .
As Arizona Republican Sen. Jon Kyl put it last summer , “ Every nuclear weapons power –with the exception of the United States–is currently modernizing its nuclear weapons and weapons delivery systems . ”
The belief that the United States is the only declared nuclear power that is n’t modernizing its nuclear arsenal is fast becoming an article of faith in nuclear weapon policy circles .
As Arizona Republican Sen. Jon Kyl put it last summer , “ Every nuclear weapons power –with the exception of the United States–is currently modernizing its nuclear weapons and weapons delivery systems . ”
From this belief arises a dangerous argument : U.S. allies and adversaries are adding new nuclear weapons and capabilities , while Washington is allowing its nuclear forces to atrophy .
Opponents of President Barack Obama ’s nonproliferation and disarmament agendas are using this idea as a way of undermining his plans , alleging that by not modernizing , the United States is in danger of being surpassed by Russia and China .
Yet these arguments are specious and misleading .
By narrowly defining “ modernization ” as the production and deployment of new warheads and delivery vehicles , an inappropriate standard is set by which to judge the health of a nuclear arsenal .
What matters far more than the age of warheads and other equipment is whether a country has a reliable , credible deterrent .
Viewed in this light , the United States cannot be said to be falling behind : Washington takes continual steps to ensure that its arsenal remains dominant , and indeed , its nuclear arsenal remains second to none .
That Washington does n’t follow the same approach to maintaining its forces as Russia , China , Britain , or France is n’t a sign of weakness or neglect .
After all , constantly churning out new systems is n’t necessarily the mark of a more reliable , credible , or threatening force .
In so far as the United States has pursued a different approach from other countries , it is because this approach has proven to be remarkably effective .
In fact , a comparison of the status of the U.S. , Russian , Chinese , British , and French arsenals and modernization programs demonstrates the fallaciousness of the implication that Washington is falling behind ; it also undercuts the idea that the United States is the least active nuclear weapon state in terms of updating its forces .
The United States .
Washington deploys approximately 2,200 strategic warheads and 500 tactical warheads and maintains about 2,500 warheads in reserve .
It preserves and refurbishes its existing nuclear arsenal through a variety of stockpile stewardship and life - extension programs that have lengthened the life span and increased the lethality of its existing forces .
Both U.S. submarine - launched and land - based long - range missiles are now undergoing life - extension programs .
For example , the air force will soon complete a 10 - year , $ 6 billion sustainment effort to increase missile reliability and extend the life of the Minuteman III missile to 2030 .
This program is somewhat akin to refurbishing a computer ; the actual missile does n’t need to be replaced because the updated components are brand new .
From 1997 to 2001 , the United States also produced and deployed a new variant of the B61 gravity bomb .
Known as the B61 - 11 , it functions as an earth - penetrating weapon ( i.e. , “ bunker - buster ” ) .
Since implementing a moratorium on nuclear testing in 1992 , Washington has chosen to maintain and refurbish its nuclear warheads through science - based efforts to retain confidence in the safety and reliability of its arsenal absent nuclear testing .
A recent non-nuclear refurbishment of the W76 warhead fitted it with a new arming , firing , and fusing mechanism that gives it a hard - target kill capability .
Such upgrades have increased the deadliness of the U.S. nuclear arsenal .
At the end of the Cold War , a U.S. submarine - launched warhead had about a 12 percent chance of destroying a hardened Russian missile silo ; the two types of submarine - launched warheads deployed today ( the W76 and W88 ) can destroy a hardened missile silo 90 percent and 98 percent of the time respectively , according to one estimate .
Washington also has plans to develop a new class of nuclear - powered ballistic missile submarines ( SSBM ) and a new long - range nuclear bomber .
The new submarine , dubbed the SSBN - X , would replace the current fleet of 14 Ohio - class submarines .
In its 2010 budget request , the Obama administration requested $ 700 million for research and development for the SSBN - X. Construction is scheduled to begin in 2019 .
Procurement of the air force ’s next - generation bomber was scheduled to begin a year earlier , but in April , Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced that the administration would delay the program “ until we have a better understanding of the need , the requirement , and the technology . ”
However , there is a strong chance that the bomber will reemerge in the fiscal year 2011 budget .
These plans to develop a new submarine and bomber belie the notion that the United States is the only nation that is n’t producing new nuclear weaponry .
A new , limited capability to remanufacture plutonium pits , the core of thermonuclear weapons , also has been initiated .
Along these lines , in June 2007 , Los Alamos National Laboratory delivered a newly manufactured W88 pit–constructed with new materials via a new process –that was certified to be interchangeable with pits first produced in 1988 .
Russia .
Russian nuclear forces continue to shrink because Moscow is retiring older systems faster than it is adding new weapons .
Today , Russia deploys approximately 4,800 strategic and tactical warheads .
Although Moscow plans to cut in half its existing arsenal of 600 - 700 delivery vehicles over the next decade , it is extensively modernizing its older delivery systems .
The newest systems under development are the Topol - M long - range missile and the Borey - class submarine with its associated Bulava submarine - launched ballistic missiles ( SLBMs ) .
Russian officials had hoped that the Bulava would enter production before 2010 , but frequent test failures , in conjunction with the recent resignation of the director of the bureau that ’s developing the missile , have thrown the future of the program into doubt .
Moscow is preparing to begin to deploy its new RS - 24 missile –reportedly a multiple - warhead version of the Topol - M–this month to coincide with the expiration of START .
Russian officials argue that the RS - 24 is central to maintaining the credibility of its deterrent , in part because it will be able to penetrate U.S. missile defenses .
Moscow maintains a robust nuclear warhead production capability , regularly remanufacturing each warhead every 10 to 15 years–a necessity because Russian warheads are n’t nearly as well maintained as U.S. warheads .
As such , they begin to suffer from age - related defects much sooner .
As Victor Reis , assistant secretary of energy for defense programs , remarked in a 1998 hearing before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development , “ [ The Russians ] have a somewhat different system where they do tend to go back and remanufacture the whole system .
Their system , as best we understand it , is perhaps not quite as finely tuned as ours .
. . .
They are very concerned about that issue . ”
China .
Beijing ’s stockpile consists of approximately 200 - 250 strategic warheads .
It is expanding its nuclear force , but at nowhere near the pace of U.S. intelligence estimates , which repeatedly have overestimated the speed and content of China ’s modernization programs .
New Chinese delivery systems include the solid - fueled DF - 31 long - range missile ; the DF - 31A intercontinental ballistic missile , which Beijing began deploying in 2008 ; and the JL - 2 , an SLBM variant of the DF - 31 .
Development and deployment of these systems has proceeded at an exceedingly slow pace : China ’s decision to replace older , liquid - fueled systems with these solid - fueled systems dates back to the 1970s or 1980s , yet it is just now beginning to deploy them .
( See “ Engaging China and Russia on Nuclear Disarmament . ” )
Beijing is also thought to be interested in developing multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles for some of its delivery systems , perhaps due in part to concerns about U.S. missile defense .
China has one Xia-class SSBN , and it is believed to have deployed one new Jin-class submarine in early 2008 .
Two or three more Jin-class submarines are thought to be under construction .
However , it is n’t clear how China plans to operate a sea- based deterrent , and no Chinese ballistic missile submarine has ever sailed on a deterrent patrol .
Like Russia , China maintains a robust nuclear weapons production infrastructure .
As such , Beijing probably is manufacturing the warheads ( based on previously tested designs ) for its new delivery systems .
France .
The French nuclear stockpile holds approximately 350 strategic warheads , consisting of two warhead designs deployed on four ballistic missile submarines and four aircraft squadrons .
Since 1996
Paris has been modernizing its naval force , replacing its older Le Redoutable - class submarines with the newer Le Triomphant - class submarines , which carry the M45 SLBM .
The newest , Le Terrible , will become operational in 2010 and will be the first to carry the more advanced , longer - range M51 SLBMs , which will replace the M45s .
French SLBMs now carry the TN75 warhead , but beginning in 2015 , they will carry the more robust Tête Nucléaire Océanique ( TNO ) warhead .
Likewise , the TN81 warhead currently deployed on French nuclear bombers will be replaced with the Tête Nucléaire Aero- portée ( TNA ) warhead , which Paris began producing in 2007 .
France tested the TN75 , TNO , and TNA designs during a final series of nuclear tests in September 1996 .
Paris also is upgrading its nuclear bombers .
Sometime next year the new Rafale fighter is scheduled to begin replacing three squadrons of land - based Mirage aircraft and a single squadron of carrier - based Super Etendard .
The Rafale will carry the advanced Air -Sol Moyenne Portée - Amélioré ( ASMP - A ) air - launched missile , which will replace the ASMP missiles currently carried by the Mirage and Super Etendard fighters .
Britain .
London is taking the least aggressive approach to modernization .
Currently , Britain deploys fewer than 160 strategic warheads of the same type on approximately four Vanguard - class SSBNs that carry Trident II SLBMs .
In late 2006 , the British government announced that it planned to build a follow - on to the Vanguard - class submarines .
But in July , it decided to delay the design contract until 2010 –a decision that was made public as Prime Minister Gordon Brown unveiled “ The Road to 2010 , ” a yearlong , British - led effort to address key nuclear challenges in the lead - up to the 2010 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty Review Conference , including “ progress in building the international partnerships we need to deliver a world free from nuclear weapons . ”
The sole warhead design in the British stockpile is based on the U.S. W76 .
British warheads undergo maintenance and refurbishment at the Atomic Weapons Establishment at Aldermaston , but it ’s unlikely that the establishment could produce all of the W76 components by itself because of Britain ’s heavy reliance on U.S. warhead designs and refurbishment technologies .
In 2007 , it was reported that London was preparing a design for a new “ high surety warhead ” modeled after the U.S. reliable replacement warhead ( RRW ) .
But since the Obama administration did n’t request funds for the RRW Program in its fiscal year 2010 budget , it is n’t clear how Britain can proceed with its high surety warhead .
Evaluating the arsenals .
Obviously , the slow pace of Russian and Chinese strategic modernization programs neither increases the threat to Washington nor threatens U.S. nuclear dominance .
Furthermore , French and British efforts to modernize their forces never posed any threat to the United States in the first place .
Nonetheless , some still argue that if Washington does n’t pursue a more robust modernization program , the United States will send the signal that it does n’t take nuclear deterrence seriously .
These concerns are mistaken .
First , the United States clearly is n’t allowing its nuclear deterrent to deteriorate :
Due to remarkable advances in stockpile stewardship capabilities and life - extension efforts , the U.S. nuclear stockpile and its supporting infrastructure remain the most sophisticated and modern in the world .
U.S. delivery systems are more deadly and more accurate than they were during the Cold War .
Both the defense secretary and the energy secretary annually certify the reliability of U.S. warheads , even though Washington conducted its last nuclear test 17 years ago .
Numerous studies have concluded that the explosive cores in U.S. warheads will remain reliable for many , many years .
Plus according to a September report from the JASON scientific advisory group , “ Lifetimes of today ’s nuclear warheads could be extended for decades , with no anticipated loss in confidence by using approaches similar to those employed in [ life - extension programs ] to date . ”
Second , Washington continues to spend huge sums of money on its nuclear forces .
A recent study calculated that the United States devoted at least $ 29.1 billion to its nuclear forces and operational support in fiscal year 2008 , including more than $ 6 billion for the Stockpile Stewardship Program .
So those who continue to argue that Washington does n’t show enough interest in modernizing its nuclear weapons should be forced to answer a simple question :
If given the choice , would they trade the U.S. nuclear arsenal for the Russian or Chinese nuclear arsenals ?
Clearly , the answer is no .
The appropriate mission for U.S. nuclear weapons is deterrence .
And the U.S. arsenal of more than 5,000 nuclear weapons has the capacity to deter any threat regardless of how many resources Russia , China , and / or any other country devote to modernizing their arsenals .
No search results
Your search for " grr2801.html " did not yield any results .
Try searching for something else .
Kinetic sculptures may have been first developed by Duchamp and Moholy - Nagy , but the tradition is still very much alive .
Some of the most impressive kinetic sculptures , such as those by the famous Theo Jansen are still distinctly analog , but this is an area where digital gadgetry has opened up nearly limitless possibilities .
Here are a dozen of our faves , vote for yours .
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
" Some people have an espresso to wake up a dull party ; I have a wasabi pea . "
I think it was my unhealthy college years when I first discovered the medicinal properties of seared tuna .
Growing up , I used to make my mother cook my tuna steaks absolutely through , so they were splitting at the seams and dry as Bumblebee in a well - drained can .
But after a week of studying finance with an entire thin - crust Domino 's pie every night for a week , I decided it was time for something light .
And happily , at a corner Japanese sushi bar , I stumbled upon my treasured " reset " food upon which I 've relied ever since .
I wrote last week about my standard quotidian interaction with wasabi : the dull lime flesh green paste I sculpt onto my sushi .
Wasabi peas , however , were always something of a bar snack or cocktail party refresher .
Some people have an espresso to wake up a dull party ; I have a wasabi pea .
Wasabi will wake a deep sleeper in a matter of seconds — a fact that attests to the specific airborne heat of wasabi , one that billows vaporously through your head , rather than settling definitively and rancorously on your tongue .
You do n't need a hefty gulp of milk to put out wasabi ( the heat does n't stick around ) .
It is a blast blaze , white heat , not the smoldering red licking flames of chili .
In an effort at reinvention , I blitzed the wasabi peas in my food processor and crusted the sushi - grade tuna steak in the green - hot pebbled coals .
Then , I sear the steak for seconds on each side , slice , and serve with lime wedges , flakes of sea salt , and a drizzle of last week 's wasabi oil .
The fresh , light tuna is like soft , Italian leather , studded with the hard - rock crunch of crispy , feisty wasabi peas .
It is playful , but seriously good .
You could also drizzle some of last week 's wasabi mayonnaise over it , or serve with some ponzu or soy .
Wasabi Pea-Crusted Rare - Seared Tuna
Printed By Google Inc , 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway , Mountain View CA 94043 ( USA ) , Published and Promoted By Nicholas Starling ( Lib Dem ) , 1 Naber Furlong , Taverham , NR8 6XW
The views expressed here are the personal views of Nich Starling , not the Lib Dems , not Broadland District Council , not Nich 's employers nor fellow Lib Dems .
In the last post , I explained how to implement the observer pattern using an active process .
The process approach is fairly flexible , but there is an even simpler way to implement the observer pattern in CHP : use a broadcast channel .
A broadcast channel has one writer , but potentially many readers .
When the writer sends one piece of data , all the readers receive that same data ; we call this one - to - many .
Readers may join and leave the channel dynamically — we refer to this as enrolling on the channel , and resigning from the channel respectively .
The broadcast channel fits the observer pattern perfectly : the process that changes the value is the writer , sending out updates .
The observers enroll on the channel and subsequently listen for updates on the channel .
They can easily resign from the channel at any time when they want to stop receiving updates — unlike our process - oriented approach , where I decided to omit stopping observation for simplicity .
To demonstrate the use of a broadcast channel , I ’ve put together a little example .
It deals with one observer joining and leaving the channel .
You control it from the console ; pressing space toggles between observing and not observing .
Meanwhile ( in parallel ) , a writer will send updates every 2 seconds .
Here ’s the first bit of the code :
{-# LANGUAGE RecordPuns #-} import Control.Concurrent.CHP import Control.Concurrent .CHP.Console consoleMain :: ConsoleChans -> CHP ( ) consoleMain ( ConsoleChans { cStdin , cStdout} ) = do c <- oneToManyChannel waitSend ( writer c ) 0 < |*|> nonObserver ( reader c ) where waitSend :: BroadcastChanout Int -> Int -> CHP ( ) waitSend out n = do writeChannel out n wait For 2000000 -- 2 seconds waitSend out ( n+1 )
This creates the broadcast channel ( using oneToManyChannel ) and runs in parallel the writer and the non-observer process ( the < |*| > is parallel composition that discards the results ) .
The nonObserver process is one that is not currently observing — there is also an observer process that does observe the changes .
Here is the nonObserver :
nonObserver :: BroadcastChanin Int -> CHP ( ) nonObserver obsIn = do c <- readChannel cStdin case c of ' ' -> do mapM_ ( writeChannel cStdout )
" Beginning observation
" enroll obsIn observer _ -> return ( ) nonObserver obsIn
This waits for input from stdin ( i.e. , you ) .
When you press space , it sends the message about beginning observation .
It then calls enroll : this function enrolls on its first argument , and passes the enrolled item to the second argument ( the inner process ) .
It stays enrolled for the duration of the inner process , and automatically resigns when the inner process is finished .
If you pressed another key , or once the observer has finished , it recurses .
We will now look at the observer process that takes the enrolled version of the BroadcastChanin as its argument :
observer :: Enrolled BroadcastChanin Int -> CHP ( ) observer obsIn = ( do x <- readChannel obsIn mapM_ ( writeChannel cStdout ) $ " Observed : " ++ show x ++ "
" observer obsIn ) <-> ( do c <- readChannel cStdin case c of ' ' -> do mapM_ ( writeChannel cStdout ) " Ceasing observation
" return ( ) --
Stop being an observer _ -> observer obsIn )
This process offers a choice .
It offers to read from the observer input channel , in which case it prints out the observed value and recurses .
It also offers to read in a key from stdin ( that ’s you hitting space again ) , in which case it prints out that it is ceasing observation , and returns ( which falls out of the enroll call in nonObserver and thus resigns from the channel ) .
If you press a key other than space , it continues to observe .
Note that the type of the enrolled channel - end ( Enrolled BroadcastChanin Int ) is different to the non-enrolled end ( BroadcastChanin Int ) .
If you try to read from the non-enrolled version , you will get a compile - time error .
This uses Haskell ’s type system to prevent any confusion as to whether you are currently enrolled , and we use the natural scoping of the process passed to enroll to prevent forgetting to resign from the channel ( when the process finishes , the resignation happens automatically ) .
When you first run this program , nothing happens .
The writer is generating values but no - one is observing .
When you press space for the first time , the observer starts watching ( i.e. it enrolls on the broadcast channel ) and printing out the values .
You ’ll see a stream of new values being printed .
If you hit space again , the observer stops watching ( it resigns from the broadcast channel ) , and the values are discarded .
Hit space and you are back to observing .
You can do this as you like — ceasing and beginning observation again in quick succession between two updates ( thus not missing one ) , or ceasing observation for a long time .
The sequence number helps show how many updates you have missed .
This example demonstrates some concurrency between the process changing the value , and the observers .
I find this version much simpler than the process approach , although it does have the drawback that all the observers must agree to receive from the modifying process before the modifying process is free to proceed .
( Note : you will need to compile the above program with - threaded to get the proper concurrency , and you will also need the imminent new CHP 1.6.0 release ; writing this blog post prompted me to tighten up the semantics of broadcast channels with no readers enrolled . )
Also , there is now a blog post describing the Haskell observer library that prompted my posts .
Towering high above the Dubai skyline , Burj Dubai , the world ’s tallest man-made construction , edges closer to completion
Burj Dubai is a supertall skyscraper under construction in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , and is the tallest man-made structure ever built , at 818 m ( 2,684 ft ) .
Construction began on 21 September 2004 , and the tower is expected to be completed and ready for occupancy on 4 January 2010 .
The building is part of the 2 km2 ( 0.8 sq mi ) flagship development called “ Downtown Burj Dubai ” at the “ First Interchange ” along Sheikh Zayed Road , near Dubai ’s main business district .
The tower ’s architect is Adrian Smith , who worked with Skidmore , Owings and Merrill ( SOM ) until 2006 .
The Chicago - based architecture and engineering firm SOM is in charge of the project .
The primary builder is South Korean Samsung Engineering & Construction , who also built the Taipei 101 and Petronas Twin Towers .
Turner Construction Company was chosen as the construction manager .
The total budget for the Burj Dubai project is about US $ 4.1 billion , and for the entire new “ Downtown Dubai ” , US $ 20 billion .
Mohamed Ali Alabbar , the CEO of Emaar Properties , speaking at the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat 8th World Congress , said that the price of office space at Burj Dubai had reached US $ 4,000 per sq ft ( over US $ 43,000 per m2 ) and that the Armani Residences , also in Burj Dubai , were selling for US $ 3,500 per sq ft ( over US $ 37,500 per m 2 ) .
Timeline
21 September 2004 : Emaar contractors begin construction .
February 2007 : Surpasses the Sears Tower as the building with the most floors .
13 May 2007 : Sets record for vertical concrete pumping on any building at 452 m ( 1,483 ft ) , surpassing the 449.2 m ( 1,474 ft ) to which concrete was pumped during the construction of Taipei 101 .
21 July 2007 : Surpasses Taipei 101 , whose height of 509.2 m ( 1,671 ft ) made it the world ’s tallest building .
12 August 2007 : Surpasses the Sears Tower antenna , which stands 527.3 m ( 1,730 ft ) .
12 September 2007 : At 555.3 m ( 1,822 ft ) , becomes the world ’s tallest freestanding structure , surpassing the CN Tower in Toronto .
7 April 2008 : At 629 m ( 2,064 ft ) , surpasses the KVLY - TV Mast to become the tallest man-made structure .
17 June 2008 : Emaar announces that Burj Dubai ’s height is over 636 m ( 2,087 ft ) and that its final height will not be given until it is completed in September 2009 .
1 September 2008 : Height tops 688 m ( 2,257 ft ) , making it the tallest man-made structure ever built , surpassing the previous record - holder , the Warsaw Radio Mast in Konstantynów , Poland .
17 January 2009 : Topped out at 818 m ( 2,684 ft ) .
1 October 2009 : Emaar announces that the exterior of the building is completed
Current records
Tallest structure ever built : 818 m ( 2,684 ft ) ( previously Warsaw radio mast – 646.38 m ( 2,121 ft ) )
Tallest structure : 818 m ( 2,684 ft ) ( previously KVLY - TV mast – 628.8 m ( 2,063 ft ) )
Tallest freestanding structure : 818 m ( 2,684 ft ) ( previously CN Tower – 553.3 m ( 1,815 ft ) )
Building with most floors : 160 ( previously both 1 & 2 World Trade Center – 110 )
World ’s highest elevator installation
Worlds fastest elevators at speed of 64 km/h ( 40 mph ) or 18 m/s ( 59 ft/s ) ( previously Taipei 101 – 16.83 m/s )
Highest vertical concrete pumping ( for a building ) : 601 m ( 1,972 ft ) ( previously Taipei 101 – 449.2 m ( 1,474 ft ) )
Highest vertical concrete pumping ( for any construction ) : 601 m ( 1,972 ft ) ( previously Riva del Garda Hydroelectric Power Plant – 532 m ( 1,745 ft ) )
The first world ’s tallest structure in history to include residential space
Note : Additional records for tallest skyscraper are considered unofficial .
On 20 July 2007 , the Executive Director of the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat ( CTBUH ) , Antony Wood , said “ We will not classify it as a building until it is complete , clad and at least partially open for business to avoid things like the Ryungyong [ sic ] project .
Taipei 101 is thus officially the world ’s tallest until that happens .
Though unconfirmed , Burj Dubai has been rumoured to have undergone several planned height increases since its inception .
Originally proposed as a virtual clone of the 560 m ( 1,837 ft ) Grollo Tower proposal for Melbourne , Australia ’s Docklands waterfront development , the tower was redesigned with an original design by Skidmore , Owings and Merrill discussed below .
Marshall Strabala , an SOM architect who worked on the project until 2006 , recently said that Burj Dubai was designed to be 808 m ( 2,650 ft ) tall .
However , contradictory information abounds regarding the official height of the building , and it will only acquire the title of world ’s tallest building upon completion in 2010 .
The design architect , Adrian Smith , felt that the uppermost section of the building did not culminate elegantly with the rest of the structure , so he sought and received approval to increase it to the currently planned height .
It has been explicitly stated that this change did not include any added floors , which is fitting with Smith ’s attempts to make the crown more slender .
However , the top of the tower has a steel frame structure , unlike the lower portion ’s reinforced concrete .
Emaar Properties announced on 9 June 2008 that construction of Burj Dubai was delayed by upgraded finishes and would be completed only in September 2009 .
An Emaar spokesperson said “ The luxury finishes that were decided on in 2004 , when the tower was initially conceptualized , is now being replaced by upgraded finishes .
The design of the apartments has also been enhanced to make them more aesthetically attractive and functionally superior . ”
A revised completion date of 2 December 2009 was then announced .
The tower is designed by Skidmore , Owings and Merrill , which also designed the Willis Tower in Chicago , Illinois and 1 World Trade Center in New York City , among numerous other famous high - rises .
The building resembles the bundled tube form of the Willis Tower , but is not a tube structure .
Its design is reminiscent of Frank Lloyd Wright ’s vision for The Illinois , a mile high skyscraper designed for Chicago .
According to Marshall Strabala , an SOM architect who worked on the building ’s design team , Burj Dubai was designed based on the 73 - floor Tower Palace Three , an all - residential building in Seoul , South Korea .
In its early planning , Burj Dubai was intended to be entirely residential .
Emaar Properties has also engaged GHD , an international multidisciplinary consulting firm , to assist with the design , review and assessment involved in the construction process .
The design of Burj Dubai is derived from patterning systems embodied in Islamic architecture .
The design architect Adrian Smith has said the triple - lobed footprint of the building was inspired by the flower Hymenocallis .
The tower is composed of three elements arranged around a central core .
As the tower rises from the flat desert base , setbacks occur at each element in an upward spiralling pattern , decreasing the cross section of the tower as it reaches toward the sky .
There are 26 terraces in Burj Dubai .
At the top , the central core emerges and is sculpted to form a finishing spire .
A Y - shaped floor plan maximizes views of the Persian Gulf .
Viewed from above or from the base , the form also evokes the onion domes of Islamic architecture .
During the design process , engineers rotated the building 120 degrees from its original layout to reduce stress from prevailing winds .
At its tallest point , the tower sways a total of 1.5 m ( 4.9 ft ) .
To wash the 162 floors of habitable space of Burj Dubai , a horizontal track has been installed on the exterior of Burj Dubai at three levels 40 , 73 and 109 .
Each track holds a 1.5 tonne bucket machine which moves horizontally and then vertically using heavy cables .
The first of the 18 buckets is being tested on the south side of the Burj Dubai at level 40 .
The top of the spire , however , is reserved for specialist window cleaners , who brave the heights and high winds dangling by ropes to clean the top panels .
More than 1,000 pieces of art will adorn the interiors of Burj Dubai , while the lobby of Burj Dubai will have the artwork of 196 bronze and brass alloy cymbals representing the 196 countries of the world .
The visitors in the lobby will be able to hear a distinct timbre as the cymbals , plated with 18 - carat gold , are struck by dripping water , intended to mimic the sound of water falling on leaves .
A total of 24,348 pieces of cladding have been installed , with the last piece , spanning six metres in length , yet to be installed .
The exterior cladding of Burj Dubai consists of 142,000 m2 ( 1,528,000 sq ft ) of reflective glazing , and aluminium and textured stainless steel spandrel panels with vertical tubular fins .
The cladding system is designed to withstand Dubai ’s extreme summer temperatures .
Additionally , at its projected height the exterior temperature at the top of the building will be 6 °C ( 11 °F ) cooler than at its base .
The interior will be decorated by Giorgio Armani .
An Armani Hotel , the first of four by Armani , will occupy the lower 37 floors .
Floors 45 through 108 will have 700 private apartments on 64 floors ( which , according to the developer , sold out within eight hours of being on the market ) .
An outdoor zero -entry swimming pool will be located on the 78th floor of the tower .
Corporate offices and suites will fill most of the remaining floors , except for a 123rd floor lobby and 124th floor ( about 440 m ( 1,444 ft ) ) indoor / outdoor observation deck .
Burj Dubai is expected to hold up to 35,000 people at any one time .
A total of 56 elevators will be installed , the fastest rising and descending at up to 10 m/s ( 33 ft/s ) .
Engineers had considered installing the world ’s first triple - deck elevators , but the final design calls for double - deck elevators .
The graphic design identity work for the Burj Dubai is the responsibility of Brash Brands , who are based in Dubai .
Design of the global launch events , communications , and visitors centers for the Burj Dubai have also been created by Brash Brands as well as the roadshow exhibition for the Armani Residences , which are part of the Armani Hotel within the Burj Dubai , which toured Milan , London , Jeddah , Moscow and Delhi .
Outside , and at a cost of Dh 800 million ( US $ 217 million ) , a record - setting fountain system was designed by WET Design , the California - based company responsible for the fountains at the Bellagio Hotel Lake in Las Vegas .
Illuminated by 6,600 lights and 50 colored projectors , it is 275 m ( 900 ft ) long and is shooting water 150 m ( 490 ft ) into the air , accompanied by a range of classical to contemporary Arabic and world music .
On 26 October 2008 Emaar announced that based on results of a naming contest the fountain would be called the Dubai Fountain .
The tower is being constructed by a South Korean company , Samsung Engineering & Construction , which also built the Petronas Twin Towers and the Taipei 101 .
Samsung Engineering & Construction is building the tower in a joint venture with Besix from Belgium and Arabtec from UAE .
Turner is the Project Manager on the main construction contract .
The primary structural system of Burj Dubai is reinforced concrete .
Over 45,000 m3 ( 58,900 cu yd ) of concrete , weighing more than 110,000 tonnes ( 120,000 ST ; 110,000 LT ) were used to construct the concrete and steel foundation , which features 192 piles buried more than 50 m ( 164 ft ) deep .
When completed , Burj Dubai ’s construction will have used 330,000 m3 ( 431,600 cu yd ) of concrete and 39,000 tonnes ( 43,000 ST ; 38,000 LT ) of steel rebar , and construction will have taken 22 million man-hours .
As construction of the tower progressed , it became increasingly difficult to vertically pump the thousands of cubic metres of concrete that were required .
The previous record for pumping concrete on any project was set during the extension of the Riva del Garda Hydroelectric Power Plant in Italy in 1994 , when concrete was pumped to a height of 532 m ( 1,745 ft ) .
Burj Dubai exceeded this height on 19 August 2007 , and as of 8 November 2007 concrete was pumped to a delivery height of 601 m ( 1,972 ft ) .
In Burj Dubai , concrete was pumped to the 156th floor , while the remaining structure was built of lighter steel .
Burj Dubai is highly compartmentalised , with refuge floors built every 30 floors , where people can shelter on their long walk down to safety in case of an emergency .
Special mixes of concrete are made to withstand the extreme pressures of the massive building weight ; as is typical with reinforced concrete construction , each batch of concrete used was tested to ensure it could withstand certain pressures .
The consistency of the concrete used in the project was essential .
It was difficult to create a concrete that could withstand both the thousands of tonnes bearing down on it and Persian Gulf temperatures that can reach 50 °C ( 122 °F ) .
To combat this problem , the concrete was not poured during the day .
Instead , ice was added to the mixture and it was poured at night when the air is cooler and the humidity is higher .
A cooler concrete mixture cures evenly throughout and is therefore less likely to set too quickly and crack .
Any significant cracks could have put the entire project in jeopardy .
The unique design and engineering challenges of building Burj Dubai have been featured in a number of television documentaries , including the Big , Bigger , Biggest series on the National Geographic and Five channels , and the Mega Builders series on the Discovery Channel .
Text from Wikipedia
Check more Daily News
Favorite Answer
are you the same one I just showed how to do this ?
LOL
will try again !
54/96 bring it down by finding the highest # that goes into both of them which would be 3 divide 3 into each # gives you 9/16
144/256 same as above 16 will go into each of them giving you 9/16
yes they are both 9/16 so they are equivalent !
Good Luck hope this helps .... hint a calculator works wonders with these !
WASHINGTON — Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - NE ) has followed the fastidious Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) in withdrawing his support from the Senate health care compromise , which jettisoned the public insurance option in favor of a Medicare buy - in program for people 55 years and up .
“ I am concerned that it ’s the forerunner of single payer , the ultimate single - payer plan , maybe even more directly than the public option , ” Nelson said on Sunday in an appearance on CBS ’ “ Face The Nation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Nebraskan also declared he ’s concerned about the potential costs of the provision .
Nelson and Lieberman both appeared on the program , and said that the Medicare expansion provision does n’t have 60 votes in the Senate .
It bears pointing out that they are the only two non-Republican members of the upper chamber that have thus far opposed it — with their support , there would be 60 .
Nelson had no problems with the bill as it stood last Wednesday .
“ I ’m not aware of anything that was raising serious objections about it , ” he said .
“ I think it was about , ‘ Well , that sounds okay , let ’s see how it scores . ' ”
But he started singing a different tune after the Senator from Connecticut pulled back abruptly .
A November poll carried out by Research 2000 found that Nebraskan voters favored the public option — which Nelson ’s defiance compelled the Democratic leadership to remove — by 46 to 44 percent .
In Connecticut , the provision was even more popular , with 56 percent supporting it and 37 opposing , according to Quinnipiac .
ADVERTISEMENT
While Lieberman ’s opposition to the new compromise is resolute and unequivocal , Nelson ’s is less staunch , signaling that he might still be won with tweaks .
Nelson ’s demands are unclear , and with the nature of the bill constantly changing , it ’s remains to be seen whether the bill will achieve the goals of extending coverage and bending the cost curve if his concerns , along with Lieberman ’s , are placated .
Nelson suffered a setback last week when an amendment he co-sponsored that would more strongly restrict abortion rights was struck down .
ADVERTISEMENT
The absence of even one of their votes creates serious problems for the Democratic leadership , as none of the 40 Republican Senators are at all likely to back it .
Their options are to either water down the reforms further or use the parliamentary maneuver known as reconciliation , which might change the shape of the legislation but would allow it to pass with 51 votes .
This video is from CBS ’ Face the Nation , broadcast Dec. 13 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
The clock is running out for cabinet to decide on a set of appeals that could determine the future of internet access in Canada .
Cabinet must decide this week whether it will overrule or let stand a pair of CRTC decisions regarding access by competitor internet providers to the networks of large phone companies , including Bell and Telus .
Small companies such as TekSavvy and Execulink currently get regulated access to these networks , which they rent to provide their own internet services to customers .
Bell and Telus have argued that this access should be limited to their old networks and not to their expensive new fibre - based extensions .
On Dec. 11 last year , the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission ruled that competitors ' regulated access would indeed be extended to the newer infrastructure .
The CRTC told Bell , Telus and other network owners that they had to provide smaller wholesale ISPs with access to any internet speeds they themselves sold on a retail basis .
The big companies were given 45 days to file the rates they planned to charge competitor ISPs for faster speeds .
Bell and Telus appealed the order to cabinet and have so far not obeyed it , and the CRTC has not enforced it .
The two companies are selling internet speeds up to 15 and 16 megabits respectively , but wholesale ISPs are limited to around five or six megabits .
MTS Allstream is appealing another CRTC decision , also made on Dec. 11 last year .
That decision ruled that wholesale access to certain kinds of internet access — Ethernet and ADSL — would not be regulated by the CRTC , and prices would be set by network owners .
MTS argued that these services cannot be easily built by competitors and should therefore have regulated access .
All the appeals were lodged with the cabinet in March .
Under the Telecommunications
Act , the government has one year from the initial CRTC decision to either vary or overrule it , or to send it back to the regulator for reconsideration .
Also on the cabinet 's plate is the CRTC 's rejection of wireless startup Globalive .
The regulator in October ruled that the wireless company did not meet Canadian ownership and control rules , so it could not proceed with its plan to start service in several cities this year .
Industry Minister Tony Clement , whose department had previously approved Globalive 's startup , said he was reviewing the decision a day after it was issued .
Clement last week said there was some " urgency " to come to a final decision on Globalive , which has hundreds of employees on the payroll , yet is faced with an uncertain future .
Bengals receiver Chris Henry has suffered “ very serious ” injuries in a car accident , according to a release from the team .
Henry is currently on injured reserve with a dislocated forearm .
He was in Charlotte , North Carolina at the time of the accident .
His girlfriend ’s parents live in Charlotte .
We ’ll update Henry ’s condition when more information is available .
We wish Henry and his family all th
UPDATE : Charlotte police has confirmed
Henry is injured , but did not reveal anything more .
UPDATE II : Henry is in serious condition in a Charlotte - area hospital .
Bengals team spokesman Jack Brennan said the team is “ on standby ” to offer help for Henry ’s family .
UPDATE III : 700 WLW in Cincinnati cryptically tweets that “ sources now say it does n’t look good . ”
KY
Post writes that “ Preliminary reports indicate Henry may have also suffered severe head injuries . ”
While we wait for the facts to come out , we ’d like to send our thoughts and best wishes to Henry and his family .
Dec 12 ( Reuters ) - Iraq has awarded international companies with contracts to develop 10 of its oilfields after conducting two rounds of bidding in its first oil auctions since the 2003 U.S invasion .
The 20 - year service contracts pay oil companies set fees for each barrel of oil produced .
The combined plateau production targets for all contracts in the pipeline is 11.14 million barrels per day ( bpd ) .
Current Iraqi oil production is around 2.5 million bpd .
Below are details on terms agreed to for the fields offered in both rounds .
ROUND 1 FIELD WINNERS FEE / BBL PLATEAU ( bpd ) Rumaila BP , CNPC $ 2.00 2.850 mln Zubair Eni , Occidental , Kogas $ 2.00 1.200 mln W. Qurna P1 Exxon Mobil , Shell $ 1.90 2.325 mln
A decomposed body was found Wednesday near a busy intersection on the north side of San Francisco 's Golden Gate Park , but police said they do not know whether the person was slain or died of other causes .
A gardener found the body in a eucalyptus grove at the corner of Eighth Avenue and Fulton Street around 8 a.m. , just a few yards from the sidewalk leading into the park , police said .
Islamabad , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
A court in Lahore , Pakistan , has ordered that two men have their noses and ears chopped off , after the two were convicted of doing the same to a young woman .
The anti-terrorism court also ordered that brothers Ammanat Ali , 29 , and Sher Mohammed , 27 , spend life in prison and pay 700,000 rupees ( $ 8,300 ) in compensation to the victim , Punjab province chief prosecutor Chaudary Mohammed Jahangir said Tuesday .
The sentence was handed down Monday in accordance with Islamic law and the country 's anti-terror laws , the prosecutor said .
The woman and her family had rejected an offer of marriage from Sher Mohammed , the officer who investigated the case said .
The two men attacked the woman , Fazeelat Bibi , 22 , on September 28 , in the village of Zafarkey , southwest of Lahore , Inspector Hakim Ali said .
Along with their cousin Mohammed Ali and two other men , they hid , stopped Bibi on her way home from work , and strangled her with a wire , the officer said .
When they thought she was dead , they cut off her nose and ears , Ali said .
They mutilated her " to set an example , " prosecutor Jahangir said .
Mohammed Ali , the cousin , was also arrested , while the two other men allegedly involved in the attack have not been , the inspector said .
The brothers were tried under anti-terror laws because the incident " created tyranny " in the district , Inspector Ali said .
The high court must confirm the sentence before it is carried out , and a doctor must determine that they can survive the punishment .
The high court has suspended similar sentences in the past .
So the American Embassy in one of the most dangerous spots on the planet was being protected by a combination of people who could n’t communicate with Americans and thuggish party animals .
The biggest surprise was that the United States did not have its own soldiers guarding its Embassy in a war zone .
We have been getting surprised like that a lot lately .
Many of the worst stories involve Blackwater Worldwide , a private security contractor that changed its name to Xe Services after a series of mishaps in Iraq , one of which involved spraying bullets around a square in Baghdad and killing 17 civilians .
On Friday , James Risen and Mark Mazzetti of The Times reported that Blackwater employees had taken part in clandestine C.I.A. “ snatch and grab ” raids in Iraq and Afghanistan , in which suspected insurgents were abducted and taken away for detention and questioning .
This was , of course , in the past .
In fact , on Friday , it was revealed that the C.I.A. director , Leon Panetta , had canceled a contract under which Blackwater loaded missiles on Predator drones in Pakistan  another activity that sort of came as a surprise when The Times first reported it last summer .
Image Gail Collins Credit ...
Tony Cenicola / The New York Times
But Lord knows what Xe Services is up to .
What do you think Dwight Eisenhower would say about all of this ?
In his last speech as president , Eisenhower famously warned the country about “ the potential for the disastrous use of misplaced power ” if the military industrial complex got too big .
That was back when defense contractors just sold the Pentagon fighter jets and wildly expensive widgets .
Imagine how Ike would have reacted if they were driving the C.I.A. to snatch - and - grab dates .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
More than 240 people have been rescued from the sea after a heavily - loaded ferry sank off the coast of Indonesia .
But at least 29 people died and 17 others are missing after the accident , blamed on bad weather and high waves , officials said .
The numbers suggest the ferry was carrying more than its capacity of 273 people , but overloading is common .
Search efforts have now stopped for the night but officials say they will resume in the morning .
' Traumatised ' Indonesia 's sea transport director - general , Sunaryo , said rescue efforts had been hampered by bad weather .
" The waves are as high as six metres ( 20 ft ) , it 's difficult for small ships to reach the location , " he told a news conference in Jakarta .
The Dumai Express 10 was travelling from Batam island to Dumai in Riau , Sumatra , when it sank .
Officials said it rolled over before capsizing about 90 minutes into its voyage .
According to its manifest , about 240 people were on board the ferry when it sailed , but Indonesian health official Rustam Pakaya later told AFP news agency the actual number was 291 .
Rescue efforts were aided by the fact that the ferry went down in the busy Malacca Straits between Indonesia and Malaysia .
One man , who gave his name as Riki , said he was rescued by fishermen .
" It was too fast ... and the ship crew did not tell us about the situation at all , " he told Indonesia 's Antara news agency .
RECENT MARITIME DISASTERS 11 Jan 2009 : At least 232 people - possibly many more - die as ferry sinks off Sulawesi 11 July 2007 : Passenger ship with 70 on board sinks off eastern Indonesia 22 Feb 2007 :
At least 42 die as ferry catches fire off Jakarta 30 Dec 2006 : More than 400 lost as ferry sinks between Borneo and Java 7 July 2005 : About 200 die as ferry sinks off eastern Indonesia
In pictures : Ferry rescue Indonesia 's public transport perils " We only managed to get out after I broke the glass window on the right side .
That was the only way because there were many people jostling for the doors . "
Another survivor called Kristin described a scene of panic .
" I saw children running here and there on the ferry as they tried to escape but there were n't enough life jackets , " she told TVOne .
A navy spokesman said it was not clear whether anyone was still inside the ferry , which was now completely submerged .
Safety woes Another ferry , the Dumai Express 15 , was reported to have run aground in bad weather as it travelled between Batam and Moro islands .
All 278 passengers and crew on board were said to be safe .
Ferry accidents linked to over - crowding and poor vessel maintenance kill hundreds of passengers in Indonesia each year .
The country 's large population is spread out over 17,000 islands and relies on ships and ferries to travel around .
In the last three years , at least 800 people have been killed in ferry accidents in Indonesia .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Anyone can be earth - friendly and make a difference .
Notable Organization of the Month
Each month Goods for the Planet , LLC highlights an organization that shares a cause that is close to our hearts
This Month - The Green New Deal
The Green New Deal ( GND ) is a proposed package of United States legislation that aims to address climate change and economic inequality .
The name refers to the New Deal , a set of social and economic reforms and public works projects undertaken by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in response to the Great Depression .
The Green New Deal combines Roosevelt 's economic approach with modern ideas such as renewable energy and resource efficiency .
In the 116th United States Congress , it is a pair of resolutions , House Resolution 109 and Senate Resolution 59 , sponsored by Rep. Alexandria Ocasio - Cortez ( D - NY ) and Sen. Ed Markey ( D - MA ) .
On March 25 , 2019 , Markey 's resolution failed to advance in the U.S. Senate in a margin of 0 – 57 , with most Senate Democrats voting " present " in protest of an early vote called by Republicans .
Among the public , there is consistently high support for the Green New Deal .
Since the early 2000s , and especially since 2018 , other proposals for a " Green New Deal " have arisen both in the United States and internationally .
Support for the highlighted organization is unsolicited and Goods for the Planet is not affiliated with any of the organizations it supports
See the numbers that show the extensive reach of Flash Player and Adobe AIR -- in both potential audiences and with developers worldwide .
See the benefits of deploying browser - based and standalone apps with Adobe runtimes .
We will tell you right now :
How long your case will take .
An explanation of the injury claim process .
How we can get you the best medical care .
How to get your bike repaired or replaced fast .
A calculation of how much your case is worth .
Our Success Rate in cases like yours .
Advertisements
On his radio show today Rush Limbaugh was explaining to his listeners how black people have a terrible frame of mind because President Obama has abandoned them when he added , “ I ’m sure Tiger Woods ’ choice of females not helping them out with their attitudes either . ”
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ Black unemployment is terrible .
The black frame of mind is terrible .
They ’re depressed .
They ’re down , Obama not doing anything for them .
How ’s that hoax and change working for ya ?
They ’re all livid .
They thought there was going to be an exact 180 degree economic reversal , and it ’s done nothing but get bad for everybody , but they ’re especially upset about it because they look at him as one of them , and now they feel abandoned , and I ’m sure Tiger Woods ’ choice of females not helping them out with their attitudes either . ”
This is why the NFL did not want Rush Limbaugh .
The racism in his rant would be unbelievable if it did n’t come out of his mouth so often .
What is more preposterous , Rush ’s expertise on the black frame of mind , or his belief that black people feel let down by Obama ?
The funny thing is that in the 2012 election African Americans will likely express their feelings about Obama by voting for him again .
Limbaugh spun another racist tall tale for his audience .
In Rush ’s mind , Tiger Woods only let African Americans down because he is , “ one of them . ”
The reality though is that Woods let down fans of all shapes , colors , and sizes .
I guess to Limbaugh white people should have expected this from Woods , because to him it is what “ they ” do .
John Mauldin , President , Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC
Friday 's jobs report was a nice surprise , but we need to see several more before we 're out of the woods ...
We 're heading for a double dip recession because of tax increases in 2011
No way will the government do the smart thing and postpone those tax increases
2010 will be a mediocre year for the economy
Produced By : Kamelia Angelova & William Wei
More John Mauldin :
– Mauldin : The 2011 Tax Hikes Will Kill The Economy
– Here 's Why Our Massive Debt Mountain Will Kill Us In The End
John and I talked this morning on TechTicker , too ...
Upset you missed out on this year 's mega stock market rally ?
Do n't be .
John Mauldin of Millennium Wave Investments says long - term investors should ignore the temptation to get a piece of the action .
In his view , there 's only one metric to pay attention to : Valuations .
And , for now , stocks are too rich for his blood -- " nosebleed " is the term he used .
That does n't mean you should park your money in a CD or under a mattress .
" There 's lot of other things you can do while you 're waiting " for valuations to come down , he says .
Among Mauldin 's recommendations are fixed income and dividend yielding utility stocks .
And for the more speculative at heart , he thinks buying real estate for rental income is a smart move now that housing prices have come down so dramatically .
But only time will tell if his call about stocks is the right one .
And a second on John 's optimism ( after the double dip ) :
" I'm in the double - dip recession camp , " says John Mauldin of Millennium Wave Investments , who fears the Obama administration is " going to massively increase taxes … in 2011 , in a weak economy .
I think that 's the absolutely dumbest thing we 're going to do as a country . "
Mauldin sees many parallels between today 's economy and the malaise of the 1970s .
With too much debt , slow growth and high unemployment , " it wo n't be fun " for the next few years , he says .
Nevertheless , Mauldin is actually optimistic about the future , which might shock some who 've seen him in previous appearances on Tech Ticker .
In his e-newsletter , Thoughts from the Frontline , Mauldin envisions explosive growth in telecom , energy and medical sciences .
Much the same way the PC revolution changed the way we communicate , work and live , so too will this next wave of innovation .
" It 's going to be the most exciting time to ever be alive , " Mauldin predicts .
You can sign up for John Mauldin 's free weekly e-letter here >
Barcelona 's metro is alleged to have been the target
Eleven suspected Islamist extremists have gone on trial in Spain , charged with involvement in a plot to stage suicide attacks on the Barcelona metro .
Prosecutors allege the defendants , nine Pakistanis and two Indians , were acting on orders from the Pakistan Taliban .
They are charged with belonging to a terrorist organisation , possessing explosive substances and falsifying official documents .
The accused deny the charges .
The case is expected to last several weeks .
Prosecutors allege the group , who are appearing at the National Court in Madrid , were motivated by their opposition to the presence of Spanish troops serving with international forces in Afghanistan .
Spanish police uncovered the alleged plan after carrying out raids in Barcelona in January 2008 .
Investigators said they decided to act after a member of the group warned the authorities .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Rescue workers are searching for survivors of a Russian express train crash who may be trapped in wreckage .
The government says 25 people are known to have died in the derailment , amid speculation that it may have been caused by a bomb blast .
Earlier , one official reported that 39 people had died , but that has now been denied by the authorities .
The train , travelling from Moscow to St Petersburg , crashed on Friday night near Bologoye town in Tver region .
About 90 people were injured as at least three carriages of the express train came off the tracks as it travelled on one of Russia 's busiest rail links .
An investigation is under way into the cause of the crash .
A small crater at the scene of the wreck has raised suspicions of sabotage .
" Several versions are being considered .
It must be just a pit someone dug out .
Or the crater was left by an explosive device , " a law enforcement official was quoted by Itar - Tass news agency as saying .
Some witnesses heard a loud bang before the crash , Russian media reports said .
In 2007 , a bomb on the same line derailed a train , injuring nearly 30 passengers .
( CNN ) -- James Cameron has done it again .
For maybe the third time in his career , the immodest Canadian has made " the most expensive movie ever , " confident that showmanship never goes out of style .
He was right about " Terminator 2 , " and he was right about " Titanic , " and at this stage it looks more than likely he 'll be proved right about " Avatar , " too .
Already it feels like an epochal movie , a landmark fantasy film on par with " 2001 : A Space Odyssey , " " Star Wars " and " The Lord of the Rings . "
Like those ( very different ) movies , " Avatar " stretches the bounds of the cinematic imagination .
It shows us something we 've never seen before : an entire alien world , a new and complex ecosystem rendered in three dimensions with dazzling fluidity and detail .
Blog : A geek praises " Avatar "
Welcome to Pandora , a distant planet and one of the most valuable outposts in the solar system .
Here , earthlings mine a rare mineral and try to maintain equitable relations with the indigenous people .
The Na'vi are 10 feet tall , blue - skinned and increasingly pissed as the humans encroach on their sacred lands .
This being the middle of the 22nd century , Earth 's corporate emissaries do n't want to come in and take what they want by force ( not unless they have to ) .
Instead they try to win the natives ' trust by setting up schools , teaching them English and infiltrating their number with organic avatars , modeled on Na'vi DNA but controlled with a human consciousness -- which is where Jake Sully ( Australian actor Sam Worthington ) comes in .
He 's a Marine and just naïve or innocent enough to score a free pass into the most suspicious of the local tribes .
If Jake -- or rather , his avatar -- can talk the Na'vi into leaving their jungle home of their own free will , then everyone will be happy .
If not , the military will put his intelligence to more pragmatic use .
Put that way , the movie sounds like a video game ( lo and behold , that 's exactly how the " Avatar " video game plays out ) .
Gamers will also feel very much at home with the film 's stereoscopic visual texture , a kind of synthetic naturalism , seamlessly folding live action into computer animation and vice versa .
There are mountains that float , flying reptiles , six - legged horses and strange , ethereal objects that look like jellyfish .
Share your review of " Avatar "
We 're reminded that the " Titanic " director is an avid deep - sea diver : Pandora 's rainforest resembles a spectacular coral reef .
At night , the plants have a phosphorescent glow .
When the Na'vi tread through it , the ground lights up beneath their feet ( I kept waiting for someone to break into a chorus of " Billie Jean " ) .
It 's this vivid blurring of the real and the imaginary , the material world and the spiritual , that 's at the heart of Cameron 's movie .
In his peculiar vision of utopia , technology and ecology fuse .
On Pandora , electrical currents flow through the root systems of the trees .
When the Na'vi ride a winged dragon , the first thing they do is plug into its circuitry .
It 's a techno - geek 's pantheism , a new gloss on the counterculture slogan " Turn on , tune in and drop out . "
Jake Sully 's out of body experience is simply another extension of this interconnectivity , as if role - playing games might one day lead to a profound philosophical empathy , a higher human consciousness .
i Reporter : " Avatar " 3 - D effects " seamless "
Subtlety is not high on Cameron 's agenda , and however many Academy Awards it may pick up , best screenplay seems like a long shot .
The film wears its anti-imperialist , anti-corporate sentiments on its sleeve ( Stephen Lang 's trigger - happy military commander spouts " war on terror " slogans to hammer home the point ) .
It 's basically " Dances with Wolves " in outer space ; the tale of a U.S. soldier " going native " ( Cameron even casts Native American actor Wes Studi as a Na'vi chief ) .
Dramatically , it 's simplistic .
But if you look around the world at the devastating impact of oil companies on indigenous populations , you have to concede that Cameron has a point .
A double bill with Joe Berlinger 's documentary " Crude " might be in order .
All of which is a bit rich coming from such a big , big budget blockbuster , a movie that seems destined to inflate Hollywood costs still further at a time when mid-budget pictures are being squeezed out .
I can't say I was moved , and it does n't match " Terminator 2 " for excitement , but for size , spectacle and sensory overload , " Avatar " delivers on the hype .
For better or for worse , it 's a must - see .
man( closeup ) : i wish i had n't packed my mattress until tomorrow morning .
this floor is really uncomfortable man : should n't have packed all of my clothes either .
i do n't have any clothes for tomorrow now .
man : and i'm not sure how and why i packed the clothes i was wearing ... * far away shot , man 's genitals are blurred out * man : that part does n't even make sense
Part of the Moving series .
SheevaPlug - a Debian home server in a wall - wart
Personally I have always been interested in unusual hardware .
Coming from a background in electronics , I tend to find " standard " computer hardware rather boring and always like to experiment with stuff that is off the beaten path .
So I was thrilled when I found out about the Linux - powered Marvell SheevaPlug and ordered one right away from GlobalScale Technologies for only US$ 99 .
My intended project was replacing my ageing and power - hungry home server with this tiny , power - saving device .
System - level decisions
The SheevaPlug ( pictured on the left ) is an ARM - based computer with a 1.2 GHz processor , 512 MB of RAM and 512 MB of Flash memory , a Gigabit Ethernet port and a USB host connector , all rolled into the tiny form factor of a wall - wart power adapter .
It is offered as a development kit in the hope that developers will find cool things to do with it and jump start a new concept called " plug computing " .
Since its introduction , several web sites have sprung up that provide valuable information to get it up and running for a variety of applications .
Installing Linux on a device like this is nothing like the standard pop - in - a - CD - and - go install process we are accustomed to when installing Linux on a normal PC .
For one thing , there is no local user interface in the form of a monitor and keyboard .
There is also no CD drive , and the device has no BIOS , instead it has a powerful open - source boot - loader called U - Boot that is quite famous in embedded systems circles .
The SheevaPlug comes with a stripped - down Ubuntu already pre-installed on the Flash drive and , for many uses as a standard file or web server , this may be just fine .
But I use my home server as a MythTV backend , and I was surprised to find that the pre-installed Ubuntu does not have any kernel modules installed .
This caused my USB TV tuner not to be recognized .
I might have been able to hack in the right modules , but since I was going to add an external USB hard drive to store network backups and recorded TV shows anyway , I decided to leave the Ubuntu installation on the Flash drive alone and install a Debian system on the USB hard drive instead .
In case someone would like to install a fresh Ubuntu , it is worth noting that the ARM edition of Ubuntu 9.10 is not compatible with the SheevaPlug processor .
Ubuntu 9.10 uses the ARMv6+VFP instruction set , while the SheevaPlug processor can only handle ARM v5 instructions .
As far as I know , every other distro with an ARM branch should work though , as does Ubuntu 9.04 .
A quick note on running a MythTV backend on the SheevaPlug .
While the SheevaPlug has a processor that is quite capable of handling many server - related workloads , it is missing a floating point unit which causes media encoding performance to be pretty poor .
In my setup , I only receive over - the - air HDTV , and the incoming MPEG2 stream can be dumped straight to the hard drive without requiring extra encoding .
If you were to try to make MythTV on a SheevaPlug record analog TV though , the results would likely be very poor , since the SheevaPlug does n't have the muscle to handle the required encoding in real time .
As always , use the right tool for the task .
In my case , not requiring additional encoding , the SheevaPlug handles the backend tasks for both playback of recorded shows and live TV playback with time - shifting just fine .
Installation
After I had already started this project , I found out that there are different ways to install Debian on the SheevaPlug that are probably easier than what I did , but since I did n't use them , I can't comment on them here .
Instead I followed the manual bootstrapping procedure described here which is probably harder , but worked well for me nonetheless .
The initial step needs to be performed on a different machine that is already running Debian .
I did n't follow the procedure to the letter but made some changes to customize my system .
For one thing , instead of Debian " unstable " , I decided to install Debian " testing " .
It has a kernel that is recent enough to support my TV tuner ( an ATI TV Wonder 600 USB , well supported under Linux ) , and it is more stable than Debian 's " unstable " branch .
I customized / etc / hostname , /etc/ network / interfaces and /etc / fstab to fit my network and system .
I decided to partition the USB hard drive to have an ext3 system partition , a 1 GB swap partition and use the rest of the drive as a JFS file system that would hold network storage , backups and MythTV recordings .
I chose the lesser known JFS file system because it deals well with the large files generated by MythTV and it is well know to be light on CPU usage , a marked advantage for a low - end system like this one .
I decided to skip some of the read - only - root recommendations listed in the procedure since I was not using a Flash storage device but a real hard drive .
With my hard drive now set up with the first stage of the bootstrap system , it was time to hook it up to the SheevaPlug and give it a spin .
Since I needed to hook up both a USB hard drive and a USB tuner , I had to add an external USB hub to split the one USB connection on the SheevaPlug into four .
I do wish the manufacturer would have included a USB hub in the SheevaPlug hardware so more than just one USB connector would be available , but alas , an external hub does the trick .
The SheevaPlug has no connection for a screen , instead the initial console is accessed through a separate USB device connection that provides a virtual serial port .
In fact , two virtual serial ports are provided through this connection : one provides JTAG connectivity for very low - level debugging , the other one provides a serial console at 115,200 bps .
On a Linux system , these virtual serial ports can be accessed as / dev/ttyUSBx devices , and the serial console ends up being the second device .
An inconvenience is that these devices only appear after the SheevaPlug is powered up , so you have to be fast in making your serial terminal connection once the devices appear to be able to stop the automatic bootloader in time .
The SheevaPlug ( white ) on top of an external USB hard drive ( black ) and a TV tuner plugged into a USB hub
( full image size : 1,063 kB , screen resolution 1024x768 pixels )
After changing the bootloader parameters according to the directions in the procedure , I booted and reached a Bash prompt where I could run the second stage of the bootstrap process and the remaining setup .
Besides the regular Debian package sources , I also added the debian - multimedia.org repository and was pleasantly surprised how well stocked their ARM repository is .
Debian proper has an excellent reputation when it comes to supporting different architectures , but I had n't expected this to extend to third - party repositories .
A MythTV package for ARM was readily available , saving me the lengthy compile - cycle I had been expecting .
Still , I was n't able to escape compiling entirely .
I ran into trouble getting the USB tuner to work , although it is supposed to work just fine under Linux .
The kernel always failed to load the firmware , although I had added it according to the instructions , and the kernel could find the file just fine , but then would error out trying to add a duplicate device node .
Plugging the tuner in to my netbook running sidux , it worked just fine out of the box .
This had me stumped for a while , but eventually I traced the problem down to a difference in how the Debian ARM and x86 kernels are configured .
The ARM kernel has an option set to have the I2C device file system compiled into the kernel , while this is a module in the x86 kernel .
The USB tuner uses components that connect to each other using the I2C bus , and both the I2C device file system and the TV tuner driver were trying to create device nodes for these components .
I solved the issue by having APT download the kernel sources , copying the standard kernel configuration from the / boot directory , changing this troublesome option and recompiling the kernel .
I finished my system by using apt - get to install SSH , Samba , SWAT , MySQL , MythTV , rsync and probably some other stuff I forgot .
How to set all these up is beyond the scope of this article and works pretty much the same as on any other Debian system , so plenty of information is available .
The only thing that is unusual and that may confuse people is how to run mythtv-setup , since this is a Qt program and the SheevaPlug has no native GUI interface .
The answer is that you can use ssh - X < hostname > to log in to the SheevaPlug with port forwarding , and then when you run mythtv-setup , the user interface will be exported to the machine you 're logging in from .
MythTV playing IceAge 2
( full image size : 1,046 kB , screen resolution 1280x1024 pixels )
Conclusion
This write - up was intended as a very high - level review of my experience setting up this unusual system , and is by no means a step - by - step walkthrough .
There is plenty of detailed information available online on websites such as plugcomputer.org and computingplugs.com that can prove invaluable to get things working on the SheevaPlug .
As remarked before , the system is sold as a developer 's kit and setting it up is definitely not for the faint of heart or for those who avoid the terminal like the plague .
In the end , I had a lot of fun getting this to work and the system is working beautifully .
I learned a lot in the process and am amazed yet again at how flexible Debian is as an operating system for just about any computer , even embedded systems like this one .
* * * * * About the author .
Patrick Van Oosterwijck is an embedded software developer who in his professional life spends most of his days designing embedded systems and writing software for micro-controllers , usually on bare - metal devices without operating systems .
His interest in Linux started about six years ago and since then he has experimented with everything from SuSE and Ubuntu to Gentoo and Buildroot .
The last couple of years he has worked on several projects that apply Linux to embedded systems running on x86 , Blackfin and ARM processors .
If you 've ever had to work with a database in Linux you most likely are aware of three or four tools that can handle the task : MySQL , PostgreSQL , PhpMyAdmin , and OpenOffice Base .
These are all outstanding applications , but the first two are complex command - line only tools , the third requires a web server , and the last is n't as robust as some admins will need .
But there is another tool that is very flexible and makes creating databases a simple task .
Glom can help you design and create databases as well as a user - interfaces with little to know coding or command line skills .
Glom has an easy to use GUI that focuses on helping you get your job done instead of being an hindrance .
Glom uses the PostgreSQL database as a backend , but can only edit databases created internally .
In other words , all of those databases you created with PostgreSQL ... Glom can not touch them .
That is fine , because Glom is very good at creating and managing your databases .
In this tutorial you will learn how to install and get started using Glom .
Installation
If you point your browser to the Glom Download Page you will see fairly concise instructions on how to install Glom on your distribution .
You might notice the warning that the default Ubuntu repository holds an out of date , buggy version of Glom .
I installed Glom onto Ubuntu 9.10 , using the Ubuntu Software Center ( without having to add any extra repositories ) .
The version that installed was 1.12.2 .
The latest source code available for Glom is 1.12 .
So this warning is most likely unnecessary for Karmic Koala users .
Once you have Glom installed you will find the menu entry located in the Office sub-menu of the Applications menu .
NOTE : There is a version of Glom for Windows .
Using Glom
When you first fire up Glom a small window will open ( see Figure 1 ) .
From that window click on the Create New Document tab .
In this tab select New Empty Document and then click the Select button .
The next step needs you to input two pieces of information :
Name :
This will serve as the actual file name .
Title : A human - readable name for your database .
In this same window you can select an option that will save this database to a database server , or to save it locally .
If you go with the former , you will have to input the details of the server in a separate step .
After you have all of your information configured , click the Save button to continue .
Depending upon the speed of your machine , the database initiation phase can take some time .
But once the database is initiated , a new window will open ( see Figure 2 ) where you can begin to create tables for your database .
When you are working with your database there are two user levels ( selected from the User Level menu ) :
Developer :
This is the level you use to create / edit your databases .
Operator :
This is the level you use to work with your databases .
To create a table click on the Add button which will create a new line for a table .
You have to name the table , so double click on the first column of your new table and enter a name .
When you do that hit enter and you will see that the Title will auto - fill for you .
You can also select if this table is to be hidden and / or default by selecting the check box for either option .
After you have created the tables the Glom window will change to the data entry mode .
For each table you have created you will have to enter data in order to fill the tables .
Adding data is done the same way as adding a table .
The difference is that you have to select which table you want to add data to from the Tables menu in the toolbar .
After you have entered your data , you can then switch to the Details view ( see Figure 3 ) where you can view data , add static items and containers to a record .
You can also create new Fields to add to your data .
These will come in handy as they can add data to a user entry such as their birthday .
To create a custom field go to the Developer menu and select Fields .
From this window you can add , edit , and delete all of the fields you need .
After you have completed creating your database , go to the User Level menu , select Operator , and start working with your new database .
Final thoughts
Although this tutorial only scratches the surface of the power Glom offers , you get the idea that this tool could really make a database developers job very easy .
Give Glom a try , you will look at PostgreSQL databases in a completely different light .
Summary Article Name Create and manage databases in Linux with Glom Description Glom can help you design and create databases as well as a user - interfaces with little to know coding or command line skills .
Glom has an easy to use GUI that focuses on helping you get your job done instead of being an hindrance .
Author Jack Wallen Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
After a two - year climb to heights unseen in nearly three decades , the jobless rate dropped to 10 % in November , raising hopes that unemployment has neared its peak and that the economy is gaining momentum .
The Labor Department said employers shed 11,000 jobs , the fewest since the recession began in December 2007 .
Upward revisions showed the nation lost 159,000 fewer jobs in September and October than previously thought .
Though ...
Aus Piratenwiki
Piratenpartei - Basisdemokratie oder Diktatur ?
Liebe Piraten ,
mit dieser Nachricht wende ich mich an alle meine Mitstreiter , denn ich habe in zahllosen Gesprächen festgestellt , dass sehr viele von euch meine Ansichten teilen .
Ich bin schon länger aktiver Anhänger und kürzlich bin ich auch Mitglied unserer Partei geworden , weil mich eine Idee besonders begeistert hat ; die Basisdemokratie .
Sie soll allen Parteimitgliedern die Möglichkeit geben , das Auftreten , die Politik und die Richtung unserer Partei mitzubestimmen .
Dies funktioniert innerhalb der Basis auch recht gut , nur ist die Idee der Basisdemokratie offensichtlich im Bundesvorstand verloren gegangen .
Beispiele dafür gibt es unzählige , jeder von euch kennt seine eigenen .
Daher möchte ich nachfolgend nur einige erwähnen , um das Problem zu veranschaulichen .
Ich erinnere mich zurück an den Wahlkampf .
In keiner Situation wäre die Präsenz des Bundesvorstands für die Basis wichtiger gewesen .
Deshalb fanden regelmäßig Mumble - Sitzungen statt , an denen Vorstandsmitglieder bzw .
Vertreter der einzelnen Landesverbände teilgenommen haben um wichtige Fragen des Wahlkampfes zu besprechen .
Der Bundesvorstand war jedes Mal eingeladen .
Es waren manchmal mehr als 50 Piraten aus fast allen Landesverbänden anwesend , denen es darum ging , Meinungen des Bundesvorstands zu hören .
Nur war trotz der mehrfachen Einladungen niemals ein Mitglied des Bundesvorstands anwesend .
Der Wille der Basis wurde schlichtweg ignoriert .
Auf diesen Sitzungen wurde unter anderem beschlossen , eine bundesweite Abstimmung von Motiven für unsere Wahlplakate zur Bundestagswahl durchzuführen .
Die Gewinnermotive sollten dann in großer Stückzahl bestellt werden , um sie möglichst günstig zu bekommen und dann den einzelnen Landesverbänden zur Verfügung zu stellen .
Der Aufruf zu dieser Abstimmung wurde bundesweit publiziert und viele Piraten beteiligten sich .
Als es dann um die Genehmigung durch den Bundesvorstand ging , wollte dieser auf einmal völlig andere Motive durchsetzen , die von der Masse der Basis klar abgelehnt wurden .
Deren Bestellung konnte dann aber glücklicherweise doch noch verhindert werden .
Auf einmal wurde dann innerhalb des Bundesvorstands beschlossen , das Forum der Piratenpartei komplett abzuschalten .
Begründung ?
Es waren Äußerungen zu lesen , die der Politik der Piratenpartei widersprachen und außerdem wurden dort Aussagen über den Bundesvorstand gemacht , die diesem gar nicht gefielen .
Nur durch das beherzte Eingreifen der Forenadmins konnte verhindert werden , dass diese wichtige Kommunikationsplattform unserer Partei komplett vernichtet wurde .
Dem Bundesvorstand war egal , wie die Basis denkt .
Kurz vor Ende des Wahlkampfs kam auf einmal aus dem Nichts die Vorstellung des Zukunftsministerium und wurde öffentlich den Medien vorgestellt .
Bis auf wenige Ausnahmen wusste niemand in unserer Basis von der Existenz dieses Modells .
Es stand zwar längere Zeit im Wiki , aber dies wurde nicht kommuniziert .
Der Basis wurde nicht die Möglichkeit gegeben , darüber zu diskutieren .
Von oben herab wurde durch den Bundesvorstand beschlossen , das Zukunftsministerium als Politik der Piratenpartei zu vertreten .
Der Bundesvorstand hat viel Kritik für die erwähnten Vorkommnisse erhalten , nur leider hat er sie in keiner Art und Weise beherzigt .
Erst diese Woche konnte jeder Interessierte auf der Vorstandssitzung mitverfolgen , wie unser Bundesvorstand sein Verhalten weiterführt .
Während des Wahlkampfs haben mehrere Piraten sich mit ihrem privaten Vermögen dafür eingesetzt , unsere Partei in den Medien präsenter zu machen .
Zu diesem Zweck wurden kommerzielle Presseverteiler benutzt , um unsere Pressemitteilungen einem breiteren Publikum zukommen zu lassen .
Dass dies ein voller Erfolg war , kann jeder selbst leicht nachvollziehen .
Während die Mitteilungen , die über den parteieigenen Verteiler versendet wurden , zu Google - Ergebnissen im zwei- bis dreistelligen Bereich führten und nur wenige bekannte Redaktionen diese aufgegriffen haben , führten die kommerziellen Verteiler zu Resultaten im vier - bis fünfstelligen Bereich , verteilt über Print - und Onlinemedien aus unzähligen Bereichen .
Als diese Woche auf der Vorstandssitzung das Gespräch darauf kam , war vom Bundesvorstand ausschließlich Kritik zu hören .
Es kamen sinngemäß Aussagen " Wir wollten das nicht .
Was interessiert es uns , was da einige Piraten gemacht haben " oder " Die Presseverteiler haben nichts gebracht , da wir trotzdem nur 2 % erhalten haben . " .
Die Basis hat sich für die Partei eingesetzt und der Bundesvorstand hat dieses Engagement mit Füßen getreten .
Ein weiterer Punkt , über den diese Woche abgestimmt wurde , war die Besetzung der Bundesgeschäftsstelle durch einen bezahlten Mitarbeiter .
Dies wurde in keiner
Art und Weise mit der Basis abgesprochen , sondern einfach vom Vorstand beschlossen .
Es gab bisher keinen einzigen bezahlten Job innerhalb der Partei .
Unzählige Piraten opfern teilweise ihre gesamte Freizeit , um die Partei voranzubringen und stellen dabei auch viel eigenes Geld zur Verfügung .
Wie kann der Bundesvorstand gegenüber diesen Piraten rechtfertigen , dass er plötzlich Mitarbeiter für Parteiarbeit bezahlt ohne zumindest einmal nachgefragt zu haben , ob das für die Basis vertretbar ist ?
Das ist nun nur eine kleine Auswahl von Beispielen , in denen sich unser Bundesvorstand diktatorisch und in keiner Form basisdemokratisch verhalten hat .
Ihr selbst kennt sicher genügend andere Fälle .
Gar nicht weiter eingehen möchte ich an dieser Stelle auf das Verhalten einzelner Bundesvorstandsmitglieder in der Öffentlichkeit bzw .
auf ihren privaten Webseiten .
Es wurden teilweise Meinungen verbreitet , die der Politik unserer Partei schlichtweg widersprechen .
Es kann sicher passieren , dass ein einzelnes evt. unerfahrenes Parteimitglied solche Meinungen öffentlich äußert und damit dem Bild der Partei schadet , aber ein Mitglied des Bundesvorstandes darf nicht so handeln .
Niemand soll meine hier zusammengeführten Fakten missverstehen .
Unser Bundesvorstand leistet an vielen Stellen sehr gute und auch umfangreiche Arbeit .
Aber das bisherige diktatorische Verhalten gegenüber den Mitgliedern in der Basis kann nicht weiter geduldet werden .
Dass es zu nichts führt , weiter nur Kritik am Bundesvorstand zu üben , ist offensichtlich .
Es erfolgen keine Reaktionen .
Auf der anderen Seite sind schon viele engagierte Piraten aus unserer Partei ausgetreten , weil sie nicht länger bereit waren , das Verhalten des Bundesvorstandes zu tolerieren .
Ich fordere daher den Bundesvorstand auf , sich den Anschuldigungen zu stellen !
Um dies basisdemokratisch zu gestalten , ist schnellstmöglich ein außerordentlicher Bundesparteitag nötig , bei dem eine Neuwahl des Bundesvorstandes stattfindet .
Die bisherigen Vorstandsmitglieder sind natürlich herzlich eingeladen , erneut für ihre Ämter zu kandidieren .
Und dann kann die gesamte Basis entscheiden , ob sie die bisherige Besetzung der Ämter für die richtige Wahl hält .
Ich bitte alle Piraten , diesen Aufruf auf so vielen Kanälen wie möglich weiterzuverbreiten .
Solltet ihr auch für eine Neuwahl des Bundesvorstandes sein , bitte ich euch nachfolgend zu unterzeichen .
Ich kann natürlich verstehen , dass sich einige von euch aus verschiedenen Gründen hier nicht dazu äußern möchten und dass diese Umfrage somit nicht repräsentativ ist .
Je mehr sich allerdings beteiligen , desto besser ist es .
Wenn sich viele Mitzeichner finden , würde dies ausreichen , um einen entsprechenden offiziellen Antrag an den Bundesvorstand zu stellen , gegebenenfalls durch einen oder mehrere Landesverbände .
Nur um es klarzustellen ; mir persönlich geht es nicht um einen Platz in einem neu gewählten Bundesvorstand .
Für die damit verbundene Arbeit fehlen mir schlichtweg die Ambitionen .
Aber ich weiß , dass es innerhalb der Partei viele Piraten gibt , die ihre Aufgaben im Bundesvorstand mehr im Sinne der Basis erfüllen würden .
Piratige basisdemokratische Grüße von Nathalie Schröder !
Bitte nutzt diese Seite nur , um euch einzutragen .
Diskussionen dürfen gern auf der Diskussionsseite geführt werden , Danke .
Ich unterstütze diesen Aufruf !
-- Nalathie 19:25 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Nati2010 19:47 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) da dies kein Formgerechter Antrag ist stell ich meine Unterstützung ein , jedoch werde ich wohl morgen einen Formgerechten Antrag mit anderer Begründung , doch gleichem Ziel vorlegen .
-- Hendrik 19:58 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Anicatha 20:01 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) ( Mich stört das mit dem Zukunftsministerium ) -- Beni 20:02 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Kenny 20:02 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Julian Rabe 20:04 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) - weil die Partei nicht dem Vorstand gehört !
Ich höre mir doch vorher noch ein paar Argumente an .
-- Silberrücken 20:09 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Casey 20:14 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- STPunkt 20:16 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- DaOptika 20:19 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Yuuki83 20:19 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- wujko 20:44 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Cyrano 20:57 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Theo 21:06 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- MacgeekX 21:21 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Stesch 21:27 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- SteffenO 21:33 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- the_cruel das zukunftsministerium bzw .
die art und weise wie es ' zustande ' kam , fand ich überhaupt nicht basisdemokratisch .
darum meine unterstützung , auch wenn eine rechtfertigung kam .
-- Lama 23:29 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Bratwurst 9:33 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- matt 11:02 2 . Nov 2009 ( CET ) -- Elcon Angefangen damit , dass die Wahlkampfauftaktparty wenige
Tage vorher bekannt gegeben wurde und somit zu einer reinen Berliner Veranstaltung wurde , über liquid democracy , Superministerium ( extra Kosten ) , Drohung seitens des Bundesvorsitzenden allen Vorständen auf der Vorstandsliste gegenüber , keinerlei Transparenz wer die Formel " 2 bis 3 % " ( siehe FAZ 1 Woche vor der Wahl ) und " 5 % sind ambinitioniert " ( siehe PM vom damaligen Bundespressesprecher ) ausgab , die vermutlich nicht nur in SH dafür sorgte , dass viele uns nicht wählten ( auf Arbeit und im privaten Umfeld sagten mir das einige ehrlich ) , Androhung einer Klage wegen Satire , Blogeinträge , die angetan sind , Rechtsradikale in die Partei zu locken , keinerlei Distanzerung vom Rechtspopulisten Sarrezin , keinerlei Öffentlichkeitsarbeit hinsichtlich unserer KErnthemen , keinerlei Vernetzugn der 17 PRessestellen , keine Auskunft über kostenpflichtige Pressemitteilungen der Bundespressestelle , eigenmächtiges Anstellen eines Dienstleisters ohne Vorstandsbeschluß , Niedermachende Rufschädigung eines Mitgliedes seitens des Bundesvorstandes auf der Vorständeliste und auf Bundesvorstandssitzungen , Einmischung in LAndesangelegenheiten hinsichtlich einer PRessemitteilung ( Pressemitteilung Distanzierung von einem Farbbeutelwerfer , der nicht einmal Pirat war ) usw usf ...
Fehler machen wir alle , weil wir in vielen Teilen keine Profis sind .
Aber aus Fehlern sollte man lernen und wer nicht draus lernt , sondern schweigt und versucht auf andere abzulenen , hat nichts in einem Vorstand verloren .
Im Mai 2010 sind Wahlen in NRW und mit diesem Bundesvorstand wird das Blumentopfgewinnen wieder " ambitioniert " sein , so viel steht jetzt schon mal fest .
Und noch was zu dem Antrag auf Kostenerstattung der PRessemitteilungen : Unter den Kostenträgern waren NRW Piraten .
Frei nach dem Motto : da bekommt NRW schon mal einen Einblick , wie viel Hilfe sie vom Bundesvorstand zu erwarten haben .
Transparenz in eigener Sache : Ich stehe für aktuell geschätzte 750 Euro an den PRessemitteilungen Kosten für SH gerade , was deutlich unter den 2.000 Euro liegt , für die ich hier max .
gerade gestanden hätte , um wenigstens mal semi-profesisonelle Arbeit zu leisten .
Und hinsichtlich Ehrlichkeit : Danke an den Bundesvorstand für die 2.000 Euro für PMs aus SH ( wurde während des Wahlkampfes genhmigt ) .
- Könnte och mehr schreiben , breche aber ab .
Und noch was :
Es reichen 10 % der Mitglieder , um einen BPT einzuberufen und wenn wir das einfach mal machen , zeigen wir , dass wir im Gegensatz zu allen anderen Parteien in Deutschland in der Lage sind , unseren Bundesvorstand zumindest teilweise von der Basis neu wählen zu lassen ( einige machen da einen guten Job ) .
Vielleicht setzen wir dann mal ein Zeichen in Richtung CDU / CSU , SPD und Bündnis90 / DieGrünen !
Schnacken kann jeder , handeln tut nur ein echter Pirat !
-- Hans Immanuel 17:19 , 3 . Nov.2009 - es brodelt da recht viel und als NRWler bin ich sehr dafür , es schnell miteinander zu klären und nicht im nahen Umfeld unserer Landtagswahl im Mai , die für unsere Partei extrem wichtig ist .
Nachdem ich höre , wie und in welchem Ton auf Nathalies Antrag reagiert wurde , seh ich die Notwendigkeit , ihn zu unterschreiben - auch wenn ich nicht jeden Satz darin teile .
-- Logos 15:48 , 4 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- ep 1:13 , 5 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Provokativzustimmer - als mahnender Zaunpfahlwink in Richtung Vorstand zu verstehen ( für den Fall dass da was dran ist bzw .
man nochmal Hamburg als Parteitagsstadt aussucht , nur Malle is weiter weg ... )
Ich widerspreche diesem Aufruf !
-- Micha 20:05 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- HerrW 20:06 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Das kann auch beim nächsten ordentlichen Parteitag geschehen .
-- Doktor Chaos 20:18 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Drahflow 20:34 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) der Schaden ist bisher nicht so groß , dass der logistische Aufwand für einen Extra -Parteitag notwendig ist .
-- RP 20:47 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ist das jetzt der persönliche Wahlkampfstil der Piraten ?
Au weia !
-- Coldan 20:50 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Der Schaden durch solche Aufrufe ist deutlich größer als der , den der BV angerichtet haben kann .
Lasst die Mitglieder sich zerstreiten und dem Vorstand das Vertrauen nehmen ( sowohl das Vertrauen durch die Mitglieder , als auch das Selbstvertrauen ) , damit sie noch schlechter uns in der Öffentlichkeit darstellen können .
-- Wobble 20:51 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) ---- Ixylon 20:57 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Manchmal glaube ich , dass manche Basisdemokratie mit Anarchie verwechseln .
Vieviele 1000 Mitglieder soll man denn bitte jedesmal befragen , wenn eine Entscheidung ansteht ?
-- Fussfall 21:00 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Profilierungsgehabe einer Bewerberin für die Liste NRW ??
Glück für dich das du nicht in BaWü bist , meine Stimme hättest du nicht -- Timo 21:04 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Privacy 21:19 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Pilot 21:27 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Als siebtgrößte Partei muß unsere Bundesgeschäftsstelle dauerhaft besetzt sein und es geht nicht ohne eine bezahlte Stelle . ( §
9a - Der Bundesvorstand ( 8 ) Die Führung der Bundesgeschäftsstelle wird durch den Vorstand beauftragt und beaufsichtigt . )
Die bisherige Lösung war ja , daß ein Mitglied des BV auf eigene Kosten nach Berlin gegangen ist .
-- Markus 21:33 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) WTF ?!
Wofür haben wir denn nen Vorstand ?
-- rxl 21:29 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Benutzer : Lupe Sun Nov 1 21:31:35 CET
2009 Basisdemokratie bedeutet nicht , dass ein Teil der Basis sich als die gesamte Basis einsetzt und versucht , den Vorstand fernzusteuern .
-- Jorge 21:34 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Hermann 21:35 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Thomas - BY -> talk2me 22:12 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) ( abgesehen davon , dass hier jeder Hinz und Kunz abstimmen kann , der sich 1 - unendl .
Wiki -Accounts zulegt .
Was soll sowas ? )
-- Don Xicote 22:29 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Ich bin gegen einen außerordentlichen PT zum gegenwärtigen Zeitpunkt , Die ganze Geschichte kocht aus MEINER Sicht ( dh. vielleicht habe ich eben nicht alle Informationen , wie viele Piraten , meine ich ) erst seit ein paar Tagen hoch .
Meine Meinungsbildung ist auch deswegen eben noch lange nicht abgeschlossen und derartige Aufrufe halte ich in dieser Form nicht für konstruktiv .
Manches im Aufruf kann ich nachvollziehen , aber ich halte es für unnötig , zum jetzigen Zeitpunkt derart Wirbel zu machen .
Basisdemokratie existiert momentan nicht wirklich , die muss in der
Tat noch erarbeitet werden .
-- Nico .
Ecke 22:39 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Es ist mE völlig in Ordnung und richtig , Funktionsträgern der Partei Vorhaltungen bei Fehlverhalten zu machen .
Das sollte aber nur das konkret beanstandete Verhalten betreffen .
Wir sind eine junge und grade erst groß gewordene Partei und wir alle müssen noch viel lernen .
Das gilt auch für die Vorstände .
Rundumschläge dieser
Art sind kontraproduktiv und wenig Zielführend .
-- Manuel 22:46 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- ConZee 23:13 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Mrchicken 23:22 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Laser 23:23 , 1 . November 2009 ( CET ) -- Hase 23:34 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Landpirat 23:48 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Pimpinella 23:58 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Mikemolti 00:28 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Kai 00:47 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Fab 07:56 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Basisdemokratie heisst nicht , alle hierarchischen Strukturen abzuschaffen / zu verhindern .
Es heisst nicht , an wirklich allen Entscheidungen direkt mitzuwirken .
Weil es eine Partei handlungsunfaehig machen wuerde .
Gewisse Freiheiten billige ich dem Vorstand zu , auch wenn sie nicht immer mit meiner Meinung konform sind .
-- Baer 07:58 , 2 . Nov. 2009 - Der Vorstand ist gewählt , die Partei Handlungsfähig zu halten .
Wenn jeder Beschluss des Vorstandes " basisdemokratisch " bestätigt werden müsste , verlieren wir die Handlungsfähigkeit und damit die Möglichkeit politisch etwas zu bewegen .
Wer mit den Entscheidungen des Vorstandes nicht einverstanden ist , kann am nächsten BPT einen anderen Vorstand wählen .
-- Kye 09:02 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Eigenfrequenz 09:38 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Henri 09:57 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Rhc 10:17 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Gerhard 2009-11-02 12:21 -- Christian 10:25 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) --rka 10:32 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -
Du trägst hier persönliche Eindrücke als Fakten vor .
Kritik in dieser
Form ist für mich nicht nachzuvollziehen .
-- LocalPlayer 11:38 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) RainerO 11:44 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Lestat 12:30 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Robert 13:28 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- GinNTonic 13:36 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- GA 14:08 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Gunther 14:21 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( MEZ ) Da verwechselst
Du wohl Meuterei mit Basisdemokratie .
-- Lasse 14:22 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) - 1 . Wer Geld ausgibt bevor er einen Erstattungsantrag eingereicht hat und nicht auf Beschluss handelt kriegt nunmal kein Geld .
2 . Wer bitte ist bereit 20h pro Woche dauerhaft freiwillig zu arbeiten , und zwar immer ?
Ohne Pause weil er grad mal kein Bock hat ?
3 . " Es gab bisher keinen einzigen bezahlten Job innerhalb der Partei . "
Ja , und es hat sich herausgestellt das wir dringend einen im Büro benötigen .
Und ich krieg als Student mehr beim Beaufsichtigen von anderen Studenten und nebenbei surfen .
4 . Wenn da niemand eingestellt wird meckert in nem Monat irgendwer dass seine
Post liegen bleibt oder nie jemand ans Telefon geht , man kanns halt bei 10'000 Menschen nicht allen recht machen , aber gewisse Entscheidungen müssen gefällt werden .
Ist halt wie beim Fussball , die Stürmer dürfen 10 Schüsse versemmeln aber ein Fehler beim Torwart erzeugt Geschrei .
-- Marlene15:28 , 2 . Nov. 2009 -- ZyanKLee 16:22 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Pingu 16:25 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) - der kommerzielle Pressedienst war der Missbrauch von DGAP .
Dieses Mitglied hat daher ( und nicht nur deswegen ) nicht nur innerhalb der Piraten , sondern auch bei DGAP ein schlechtes Ansehen .
-- Enigma 17:03 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Die oben genannten Punkte sind alles Entscheidungen , die zu treffen Aufgabe eines Vorstands ist .
Auch wenn ich nicht jede Entscheidung richtig fand , macht es keinen Sinn gleich " Hilfe , Diktatur ! " zu schreien , wenn einem mal was nicht passt .
Zumal noch keine sinnvollen Alternativen als Vorschläge zu den bisherigen Strukturen genannt wurden .
Ansonsten ist bereits so gut wie alles gesagt worden .
( s. Lasse , 46 ) Außerdem ist der
Text oben extrem subjektiv geschrieben .
Dagegen lobe ich mir doch die genauso haltlosen und wenig zielführenden , aber wenigstens stilistisch lesenswerten regelmäßigen Ausbrüche von Inkorrupt .
-- ElTres 18:37 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Manalishi 19:06 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Martin Bartsch 19:35 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Jan Lüdtke - Reißmann Ein Blick ins Pateiengesetz wirkt manchmal Wunder !
Solange die Instrumentarien für eine basisdemokratische Entscheidungsfindung auch bei uns nicht gegeben sind , funzt das eben noch nicht !
Entscheidungen brauchen Zeit , da geht vieles nicht von heut auf morgen .
Ich kann die Piraten in NRW verstehen , war kürzlich auf einem Stammtisch in Bonn .
Arbeitet in Ruhe und konzentriert euch auf euren Wahlkampf , wir zählen auf euch für 2010 .
Gruß aus BaWü -- Mpd 21:14 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- MichaelS 21:33 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Pfuetz 21:41 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Merovius 22:18 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) ( Hat Zeit bis zum nächsten ordentlichen BPT ) -- NineBerry 22:35 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Tobiasmueller 23:24 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Hans Brucker 00:07 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Meutern reicht nicht , Revolutionen fressen meistens ihre Kinder .
Wir brauchen Konzepte .
Hier ist ein Vorschlag .
Unterstützer und konstruktive Kritiker sind willkommen .
AG - Organisation - Liquid Democracy Edition -- Simon Lange 00:30 Z 2009 - 11-03 - Sorry , aber der Antrag ist doch wohl n Witz oder ?! -- StefanSarzio 14:37 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- -- Parity B 18:17 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- basisdemokratie ist nur ziel von vielen .
und bei weitem nicht das wichtigste ! -- Erebino 19:43 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Aaron Koenig 1:55 , 4 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich stimme zu , dass wir mehr direktdemokratische Elemente brauchen , um Stimmungen und Mehrheiten in der Partei schnell erfassen zu können und die alberne Trennung " Böser Vorstand - Gute Basis " aufzuheben .
Ein direktdemokratisches Manko durch Änderungen in repräsentativen Organen wie dem Bundesvorstand zu reparieren ist jedoch unsinnig .
Ich garantiere : es werden von jedem Vorstand Entscheidungen getroffen werden , die nicht jedem Mitglied passen .
Daher plädiere ich für die schnelle Einführung eines Online - Voting - Tools für die Erhebung von Meinungsbildern , so dass die subjektiv gefühlte " Empörung der Basis " belegbar wird .
Was die bezahlte Stelle betrifft : ich bin nur in extremen Ausnahmefällen für bezahlte Arbeit in einer Partei , die vom ehrenamtlichen Engagement lebt .
In diesem Fall ist die Arbeit undankbar und notwendig , da ist so eine Ausnahme wohl zu rechtfertigen .
-- Hirt 13:46 , 16 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Es gibt nichts Gutes , ausser man tut es -- Toreon 22:22 , 2 . Dez. 2009 ( CET ) Kritik gibt es immer .
Perfektion nie .
Wer den Vorstand neu besetzen will , hat im nächsten Jahr dazu die Möglichkeit .
Wir haben wichtige Aufgaben , die unsere volle Aufmerksamkeit benötigen .
Seid konstruktiv !
Ich widerspreche in großen Teilen diesem Aufruf !
-- Ch. Lang 21:44 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Presseverteiler die wild von Mitgliedern bedient werden und dies ohne Absprache mit dem Presseteam halte ich für nicht tragbar .
Die obrigen Ausführungen polarisieren viel zu stark und sind genauso wenig sachbezogen .
Der Vorstand regiert auch mir ab und an zu regide , alles über einen Kamm zu scheren ist jedoch bei weitem keine Lösung ! -- Benjamin Stöcker 20:17 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Norra 20:42 , 1 . Nov. 2009 -- Amaryllion 20:45 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Marmota 20:54 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- AndreR 21:11 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich denke , dass die hier getätigten Ausführungen zu großen Teilen stark übertrieben sind .
Dass beim Bundesvorstand nicht alles hundertprozentig läuft , ist mir klar , aber deswegen gleich einen Putsch zu versuchen ist einfach nur daneben .
Deshalb lehne ich die Forderung nach einem auserord .
Parteitag ab und fordere dazu auf , bei Nichtgefallen beim nächsten ordentlichen Parteitag andere Personen zu wählen .
-- Cfritzsche 21:24 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) basisdemokratie heisst nicht das jeder alles entscheiden kann .
Insbesondere im wahlkampf muss der ( gewählte ) vorstand auch mal schnell ideen aufgreifen können .
Sicher gibts verbesserungspotential .
Wenns dir nicht gefällt bring das auf dem nächsten ordentlichen bpt zum ausdruck .
-- JensMTK 21:47 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Friedhelm 21:48 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Johannes Müller 22:04 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Bernd ' eckes ' Eckenfels 23:06 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
( Es gab sicher Kommunikationsprobleme , und der Vorstand muss auch lernen wo er alleine agieren kann und muss , und wo nicht .
Eine unkoordinierte Pressekonferenz kurzfristig zu legitimieren indem sich der Vorstand hinter ein Ministerienvorschlag stellt war sicherlich suboptimal .
Aber alles in allem ja durchaus nützlich und vor allem auch inhaltlich nicht falsch .
Die mangelnde Beteiligung an gewissen Treffen durch den Vorstand wird halt Konsequenzen bei der Neuwahl haben ( oder auch nicht ) ) -- Jan 00:29 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Der Vorstand möge zu diesen Vorwürfen Stellung nehmen , auch wenn es wertvolle Zeit kostet , und die Stellungnahme hier im Wiki veröffentlichen sowie einen Link darauf in die Unendlichen Hallen des Ewigen Flamewars werfen ( aka auf die Aktiven - Liste posten ) .
Einen außerordentlichen Parteitag mit Vorstandsabwahl einberufen zu wollen , ohne dass der Vorstand Gelegenheit hatte , zu den Vorwürfen Stellung zu nehmen und die Stellungnahme gleichberechtigt zu den Vorwürfen hier zu veröffentlichen , ist schon ein starkes Stück .
-- Andreas Burka 01:44 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich bin leider zu wenig informiert über die genauen Zusammenhänge und kenne nicht alle Seiten dieser Geschichten .
Deshalb tendiere ich dazu , dem Wählerwillen zu folgen und dem Vorstand zu vertrauen .
Sollte der Vorstand falsch handeln , werden wir ihn beim nächsten Parteitag einfach abwählen .
Schlusenbauer 08:54 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) bis zum nächsten BPT hat der BV weiterhin mein Vertrauen .
Einen außerordentlichen Parteitag halte ich derzeit nicht für angebracht .
-- Mattiscb 12:06 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Renzi 14:11 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- NHense 14:18 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Es gibt durchaus Dinge die nicht ok waren ( Plakate / Zukunftsministerium ) , aber ob man einen bezahlten oder unbezahlten Mitarbeiter einstellt , sowas zu entscheiden gehört zu den Aufgaben des Vorstandes .
Ob die Ausführung immer jedem gefällt ist eine andere Sache , jedoch kein Grund jmd absägen zu wollen .
Stimme beim nächsten ordentlichen Parteitag eben für einen anderen Kandidaten .
-- Thorongil 19:40 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Basisdemokratie heisst imho nicht das jeder immer zu allem gehört werden muss , geschweige alles in Form einer allgemeinen Abstimmung entschieden werden muss .
Insbesondere im Wahlkampf und bei operativen
Themen muss ein( gewählter )
Vorstand auch mal autark handeln können .
Sicher gibt es großes Verbesserungspotential , insbesondere in der AKTIVEN Kommunikation durch den Vorstand .
Die in einigen Fällen auch von mir geteilte Kritik rechtfertigt keinen außerordentlichen BPT .
DrebinX 00:06 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich denke die neue Stelle in der Geschäftsstelle hätte öffentlich ausgeschrieben werden sollen , so wie es in jeder ordentlichen Firma gemacht werden würde .
Ich verstehe unter Basisdemokratie aber nicht die völlige Kontrolle und Steuerung der Vorstände .
Auch der Vorstand brauch einen Speilraum für Entscheidungen .
Durch die Wahl übertragen wir an den Vorstand Verantwortung .
Die Vorstände sollten sich aber dennoch an der Basis orientieren .
Auch denke ich das es höchste Zeit für ein Umfragetool ist damit der Vorstand schneller die Basismeinung einholen kann .
Das die Kommunikation in der Vergangenheit nicht immer funktioniert hat ist auch dem Vorstand bekannt und daran wird gearbeitet .
Es sind ohne Frage auch Fehler gemacht worden , aber ich sehe keinen Grund zur Meuterei .
-- Wastl 07:54 , 4 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Intention verstehe ich .
Enthaltung ( Zur Kenntnis genommen )
-- Andizo 20:28 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Annette 20:33 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Julian Rabe 20:53 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Darkwind 21:02 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -- Andreas70 21:29 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -
Ich bin auch für Basisdemokratie und erwarte , dass dies auch in der Partei ernsthaft umgesetzt wird .
Zudem wurde das Projekt Liquid Democracy ins Leben gerufen .
Da sind die Erwartungen um so höher .
Aktuell ist aber das Problem von Nalathie , dass es keine technische oder andere Möglichkeit gibt , jedes mal die Basis zu fragen .
Einige der genannten Kritikpunkte lassen aber schon viel zu Denken übrig !
Hier sollte der BV schon mit Endschuldigung und Besserungen reagieren !!
-- =jojo=talk2me 21:35 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) sie Punkt 5 es ist nicht schön aber eine endgültige Regelung des Problems wird beim nächsten BPT folgen -- Micha 22:35 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) -
Ich bin noch nicht lange genug Pirat um mir ein echtes innerpiratisches Bild zu machen .
Ich verfolge den eventuellen Verlust der Basisdemokratie aber auch mit argwöhnischen Augen und die genannten Kritikpunkte geben mir zu denken .
-- Buccaneerps 23:12 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) - Tendenz zur Zustimmung , aber ob es wirklich ein APT sein muß ?
Aber allein , daß wohl der Bundesvorstand die Satzung beim Mißtrauensvotum so interpretiert , daß jeder einzeln per Brief einen APT beantragen muß ( statt Unterschriftenliste ) , gibt mir zu denken .
Ansonsten viele peinliche Meldungen vor der Bundestagswahl vom Vorstand m.E. -- Korbinian 23:14 , 1 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) ich kann deine kritik gut verstehen , einen außerordentlichen parteitag finde ich aber arg übertrieben .
-- Webrebell 00:42 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich bin mit der Kritik einverstanden .
Jedoch würd ich noch nicht soweit gehen einen außerordentlichen Bundesparteitag zu organisieren .
Die Abstimmungen sollen ebenfalls basisdemokratisch stattfinden und weil der Großteil der Piraten ein Delegiertensystem ablehnen ( ich auch ) sind wir dabei eine online Plattform zu entwickeln die es jedem Mitglied ermöglicht an den Abstimmungen beim Bundesparteitags teilzunehmen .
Also bitte ich noch ein wenig um Geduld . :)
-- Muffin 07:50 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich habe zwar den Eindruck das etwas schief läuft aber ich bin mir nicht sicher ob dsa alles so stimmt .
Leider kenne ich nicht alle Seiten der Geschichte und würde deshalb über niemanden richten .
-- Aloxo 13:01 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Kommunikation sollte besser laufen , sehe aber noch nicht , dass ein kurzfristig neugewählter Vorstand das besser lösen wird .
Daher erstmal die Kommunikationsstrukturen verbessern ( auch die Bedürfnisse des Vorstands berücksichtigen , sind auch nur Piraten ) und dann kritteln wenn der Vorstand das nicht nutzt .
-- Robert Hildebrandt 13:23 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich habe davon leider nichts mitbekommen , und kann daher nichts dazu sagen .
Da ich die Basisdemokratie jedoch für wichtig erachte , muss dies auch dringend weiter beobachtet werden .
-- Richter169 14:50 , 2 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich werde mir alle Argumente sehr genau überlegen und gegeneinander abwägen .
-- Jamasi 02:55 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich enthalte mich als " Mitangeklagter " , da ich ohnehin nicht objektiv urteilen könnte .
-- Erge 06:13 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) Diskussion finde ich gut .
Offenes Aufzeigen der verschiedenen Kategorien in der Abstimmung ist prima .
Ohne Beurteiliung des Inhalts - das ist Basisdemokratie .
-- Macm 10:55 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Wäre gut , wenn sich beide Seiten ein wenig entspannen .
Der Vorstand , sollte 1 . konstruktiver auf Kritik reagieren , statt diese als Kinderkram abzutun , 2 . einen Kommunikationspiraten suchen , der Hintergründe zu Entscheidungen publik und nachvollziehbar macht .
Die Kritiker sollten 1 . durchaus öffentlich kritisieren , 2 . aber einen Sonderparteitag nur im äußersten Notfall in Erwägung ziehen , sonst wird kein Vorstand mehr ruhig arbeiten können .
Wir alle sollten persönliche Verletzungen ausklammern und die Sache in den Vordergrund stellen .
-- Sebastian 14:20 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) n/t -- Markus 15:36 , 3 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich enthalte mich , weil ich die Anschuldigungen nicht ganz nachvollziehen kann , weil sie anscheinend auf einer anderen Ebene stattgefunden haben .
Aber das heißt ja auch schon was , finde ich .
Ich denke , das Gerangel um Posten sollte bei uns Piraten im Hintergrund stehen oder ganz ausgeblendet werden .
Ich habe selbst für den Posten des Käpt'n kandidiert und musste einem anderen den Vortritt lassen .
Aber es geht vielmehr um Ideen .
Wer das nicht kapiert , sollte sich Gedanken machen , ob er nicht in eine andere Partei wechselte !
Ich wünsche mir nichtsdestotrotz einen baldigen Bundesparteitag , um uns neuaufzustellen .
Vielleicht können wir einen BPT im Frühjahr andenken , wenn sich der heiße Zufluss möglicherweise ein wenig abgekühlt hat .
-- CAM 03:22 , 4 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich kann einige Kritikpunkte durchaus nachvollziehen ( " Zukunftsministerium " - wat ? ) , kann aber auf Grund der Unvollständigkeit meines Überblicks über die Faktenlage und der momentan mangelnden Zeit selbstständig umfassend zu recherchieren keine definitive Meinung bilden .
-- Michele Marsching 03:34 , 4 . Nov. 2009 ( CET ) ----Bernd Schlömer 16:47 , 4 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Ich bin der Bundesschatzmeister des derzeitigen Bundesvorstands und nehme dein Anliegen erst einmal zur Kenntnis .
Vielleicht erlaubst du aber eine kleine Bemerkung von mir :
In finanzieller Perspektive und unter Berücksichtigung meiner persönlichen finanziellen Haftung als Schatzmeister findet dein Anliegen Grenzen in der Notwendigkeit der Rechenschaftslegung entsprechend dem Parteiengesetz .
Am Ende hänge ich doch am Galgen .
--- Faxe Zumindest hätte die Stelle für die Geschäftsstelle öffentlich zb im Forum ausgeschrieben werden müssen .
So ist in der tat ein Fehler gemacht worden !-- Deuterium 15:07 , 6 . Nov. 2009 ( CET )
Swedish Police Experience DDoS Attacks Posted by Sean @ 10:52 GMT
Several of Sweden 's websites experienced DDoS attacks yesterday , including the Swedish Police at polisen.se .
The sites were n't offline for very long and are accessible at present .
The attackers motives are currently unknown .
The Local has details in English :
" A number of major Swedish websites were rendered inaccessible on Thursday in what is believed to be a malicious distributed denial - of - service ( DDoS ) attack .
The Swedish authorities have thus far had no success in locating the source of the attack . "
And here are additional details in Swedish :
www.dn.se/
Attack mot polisens hemsida
www.idg.se/ �ven Polisen.se s�nktes
www.svd.se/
It - angrepp mot polisens webbsajt
Economy
China to have world 's second biggest power capacity ( Xinhua )
Updated : 2009-12-25 19:28
BEIJING : China 's electricity generation capacity will increase to 860 million kilowatts at the end of this year , the second largest after the United States , energy official said on Friday .
The nation 's power grids coverage has become the world 's largest with fast expansion of ultra - high voltage network .
New energy such as nuclear and wind power played an increasingly important role , said Zhang Guobao , head of the National Administration of Energy .
At the end of July , China overtook the United States to have the world 's largest network with a total length of 375,000 kilometers .
The nation also had 11 nuclear reactors , and approved for the construction of another 14 .
Some 24 are under construction , Zhang said at a national meeting held by the China Electricity Council .
The annual wind power generation has doubled for three years to 20 million kilowatts by the end of this year after eight million was added in 2009 , he said .
Also at the meeting , delegates of power producers and regulators called for efforts to speed up clean energy development to promote energy saving and emission cut .
Currently , more than 70 percent of the nation 's electricity is coal - fired .
The government has pledged to increase the capacity of new energy to 15 percent of the total by 2020 .
Whilst a pupil at Rockdale Public School in Tasmania , schoolboy Athel Margett was so unhappy with the conduct of his teacher that he wrote the following letter of complaint to the man in question : Mr. Broome .
The beautifully written protest eloquently offered the teacher a glimpse of life from the viewpoint of his humiliated , dejected pupils and noted the connection between his actions and rising truancy levels .
According to the Australia Post website , the letter had a positive effect .
Also , slightly comical is the blue X next to Athel ’s misspelling of the word ‘ certificate ’ , hopefully scrawled by the hand of Mr. Broome in frustration as he realised he had no intelligent response to such a well - written criticism .
Transcript , with possible errors , follows .
Transcript
Mr Broome Dear Sir I write this letter for the good of myself and other boys .
Instead of you teachers making school a pleasure you make it a perfect misery to those who happen to be a little backward .
Referring to myself , I can say that I never did like school but since I came to Rockdale I have just dreaded the thought of school .
This , may I say , has all come from your sneering and poking fun at those who are not quite so well on as others .
If a boy happens to have a few mistakes instead of you trying to help him in his difficulty you look over his slate , you either cane him , or spell out aloud his foolish mistakes before over 100 boys who are always ready to make fun .
This is why there are so many boys who are always ready to play the truant .
And therefore instead of me looking forward to school days I just long for the time when I shall receive a sitificut saying that I may leave school .
And as manhood draws on I shall look back on my schooldays as a period of misery instead of a period of happiness .
A Margett Scholar at ( Inferior ? ) Rockdale Public School
Scientists Decode Entire Genetic Code of Cancer
And cigarette smokers get a free mutation in every pack
Amazon hopes to sell a million Kindles by the end of the year
An Israeli hacker claims to have broken the copyright protection on Amazon 's Kindle software for PCs , reports say .
The hack will allow the ebooks to be transferred as pdf files to any other device .
The hacker , known as Labba , responded to a challenge posted on Israeli hacking forum , hacking .org .
It is the latest in a series of Digital Rights Management hacks , the most famous being the reverse engineering of iTunes .
Amazon did not immediately respond to the news but it is likely it will attempt to patch its DRM software .
DRM has long divided opinion .
While rights holders regard it as a crucial tool to protect copyright , consumers tend to hate it because it limits what can be done with content .
" DRM is not an effective way of preventing copying nor is it a good way of making sales .
There is n't a customer out there saying ' what I need is an electronic book that does less , " novelist and co-editor of the Boing Boing blog Cory Doctorow told the BBC when the Kindle was launched .
As soon as a new DRM system is active , hackers begin to try and break it .
Most famously Jon Lech Johansen , known as DVD Jon , cracked the copy protection on DVDs in 1999 .
He went on to break the copyright protection on iTunes , leading Apple to offer DRM - free music .
DVD Jon now runs a company with an application to take the pain out of moving different types of content between devices .
Google Docs already has an option to export every document you check off , but checking them all off is a time - wasting pain .
Now it 's much more simple to grab everything , 2 GB at a time , in zipped - up files .
Advertisement
The Digital Inspiration blog points out the new addition to Google Docs ' export options .
Simply select any file by checking the box to its left , then hit the More Actions menu and select Export .
In the box that pops up , there 's a check box at the bottom to " Export all your files ( up to 2 GB ) , " which , for most users , covers just about everything .
Those with more will be prompted with a list of the files that could n't be exported , so you can grab them next .
You can also choose what format your files are downloaded in , which is mighty helpful as well .
Advertisement
Google Docs Finally Makes
It Easy to Download All Your Documents [ Digital Inspiration ]
From Conservapedia
The prophet Moses declared in the book of Leviticus : " You shall not lie with a male as one lies with a female ; it is an abomination . "
See : Homosexuality
Moses ( Hebrew : מֹשֶׁה , Mōšeh ; Arabic : موسىٰ , Mūsā ; Ge 'ez : ሙሴ , Musse , drawn out ) ( 7 Adar 2433 AM–m.
2473 AM –7 Adar 2553 AM ) ( 18 February 1571 –m. 1532 –13 March 1451 BC ) [ 1 ] was the prophet , legislator , judge , and leader of the Israelites from the Exodus of Israel from slavery in Egypt to the doorstep of Canaan .
He is best known for leading the Israelites out of Egypt , and for bringing the Ten Commandments down from Mount Sinai .
He is also credited with writing most of the Pentateuch ( the first five books of the modern Bible ) ca. 1491-1451 BC .
Life and family
The Moses lead the Israelites out of Egypt
Moses is highly esteemed as a prophet by the Jews , Christians , Muslims , Mormons , and Baha'i .
Moses 's call as a prophet is recorded in Exodus 3 .
Genealogy
Moses was the younger son of Amram and Jochebed , of the tribe of Levi .
He had a brother , Aaron , and a sister , Miriam , both older than he .
In the fortieth year of his life he married Zipporah , daughter of Jethro the Midianite , and had two sons , named Gershom and Eliezer .
Prince
In 2433 AM ( 1572/1 BC ) , the Pharaoh of Egypt had ordered that every male newborn Hebrew be thrown into the Nile .
When Moses was born , his parents hid him for three months .
But they knew that they could not hide him forever .
So Jochebed , Moses ' mother , took a wicker basket , coated it with tar and pitch , placed Moses into it , and set the basket adrift in the Nile .
Miriam followed the basket to see where the river current might take it .
The basket drifted into the private bathing beach of the Pharaoh 's daughter .
She took the basket out of the river , found a baby boy inside , and decided to raise him as her own son .
Then Miriam stepped forward and offered to find a nurse for the boy .
The princess agreed , and Miriam then arranged for Jochebed to nurse her own son .
The Pharaoh 's daughter gave the boy the name of Moses , which means " drawn out , " because she had drawn him out of the water .
Thus Moses grew up as a prince of Egypt .
In fact , Flavius Josephus suggests that Moses commanded Egyptian troops and led them to victory against the forces of neighboring Ethiopia .
[ 2 ]
According to that account , the Ethiopians were raiding the Egyptians , and the Pharaoh ordered Moses to lead an army to stop the raiders once and for all .
Moses then used a remarkable tactic to take the Ethiopians by surprise .
The Ethiopians were expecting Moses to attack by marching along the river , rather than by land , because the land between the two armies was so thick with snakes that it was impassable .
For that very reason , Moses was determined to march over land .
He ordered his artificers to construct cages and to carry ibis birds ( a sacred bird in Egypt ) with them .
The ibis is a natural enemy of snakes , and so they scattered the snakes , and the army was safe .
Thus the army crossed the land , surprised the enemy , and defeated them .
But Josephus goes on to suggest that Moses had to flee Egypt because a rival prince had hatched a plot to kill him in order to remove him as a rival for the throne .
This contradicts the Bible , which says that Moses had to flee because he killed an Egyptian , and Pharaoh found out about it .
The Biblical account of the murder of the Egyptian is as follows :
When Moses was forty years old , he realized that he was not Egyptian at all , but Hebrew .
When he saw the Hebrew slaves at work , he sympathized with them , not with the Egyptians .
Then one day he saw an Egyptian beating a Hebrew ; the Bible does not tell the reason .
Moses looked around for any witnesses , saw none , and killed the Egyptian and buried him on the spot .
But later Moses tried to intervene in a physical altercation between two Hebrews .
The man in the wrong challenged Moses to kill him , too , as he had the Egyptian .
Moses then realized that his deed was known .
The Pharaoh heard of the murder and tried to have Moses killed .
But Moses fled from Egypt and crossed the Sinai desert into Midianite country .
( Exodus 2:1-15 , Acts 7:23 -20 )
Shepherd
Moses came to a well and sat there , probably to recover his strength .
Then seven young women came to the well with a flock of sheep .
The women drew water from the well and filled the watering troughs , and then a group of shepherds , of unknown nationality , tried to drive them away from the well .
Moses fought with the shepherds and forced them to desist .
He then helped the women to water their flock .
The seven women were the daughters of Jethro , the priest of Midian .
When they returned to him , he asked them how they had been able to complete their chore so quickly .
They told their father that " an Egyptian " had protected them from rival shepherds and helped them water the flock .
Jethro told them to invite Moses to come and dine with them .
Moses stayed in Jethro 's camp and learned how to be a shepherd .
He lived with Jethro for forty years .
He seems to have married Zipporah soon after he joined Jethro 's camp .
He had one son during his forty - year sojourn , and another son shortly before the Exodus .
Judge
Call of God
I AM THAT I AM Exodus 3:14 ( KJV )
Moses ' career as the first Judge of Israel began with the Exodus .
God called to Moses out of a bush that was in flame but did not burn .
God said to Moses that He had heard the cry of His people , and would send Moses to deliver them .
Moses at first asked God His Name , and God said ,
The Hebrew text perhaps would translate better as , " I am ; that 's Who I am . "
In other words , God gave His Name literally as " I am . "
In every other part of the Bible , the Name of God is given as YHVH or YHWH .
This tetragrammaton , pronounced " Yah - weh " , translates as " He is . "
Thus God revealed His essential character :
He simply is , was , always has been , and always will be .
Moses continued to protest that he was not a good speaker , but God continued to persuade Moses and used a large number of miraculous signs .
He also said that Moses ' brother Aaron would assist Moses in pleading before Pharaoh and in leading the people afterward .
While Moses was on his way to Egypt , God was about to kill him .
Then Zipporah , his wife , performed a circumcision on his son Gershom and threw the foreskin at Moses ' feet , saying that Moses had become a " bridegroom of blood " to her .
( Exodus 4:24 - 26 )
That this did not happen to Eliezer , his other son , indicates that this son was not yet eight days old , the age at which circumcision was required according to the Abrahamic covenant .
Exodus
European artwork depicting Moses striking a rock and providing water for the Israelites .
Moses and Aaron initially came in peace to Pharaoh , and asked his leave to lead the Israelites into the desert for a three - day period .
Pharaoh indignantly refused , and then issued an order that the Israelites would have to gather their own straw to make bricks , and still make the same quota of bricks .
This caused the Israelites to look on Moses with extreme disfavor .
This was probably the lowest point ever in Moses ' life .
But it also took place exactly forty days before the eventual Exodus .
In those forty days , God sent ten plagues upon Egypt , each striking at the heart of Egyptian culture , religion , or both .
The last and most severe plague was the plague upon the firstborn , and was also the occasion for the institution of Passover .
On the day after this plague , the Egyptians nearly drove the Israelites out of their country , but not before the Israelites acquired a great store of precious metal , gemstones , linens , and other stuffs of luxury .
Sadly , some of these would furnish the material for the Golden Calf .
Happily , much more would furnish the material for the Tabernacle .
The Red Sea
Six days after the Exodus began , the Israelites were camped next to the Red Sea , and they realized that the Egyptians were now pursuing them .
Moses raised his staff , and the waters of the Red Sea parted and left a dry seabed for the Israelites to walk on .
After the Israelites had walked across , the Egyptians also entered the seabed to continue their pursuit .
Moses raised his staff again , and the waters closed over the army and drowned every last man .
The wilderness journey
Moses continued to lead the people of Israel for forty years .
In that time he equipped and trained an army , handed down judgments , and repeatedly judged the people of Israel for their sin .
The most significant events during those forty years included :
Repeated " murmurings " of hardship , and the miraculous provision of manna and quail .
A battle with Amalekites , in which Aaron and Hur held up Moses ' arms so that he could continue to call God 's blessing on the nascent Israelite army , under the command of Joshua .
The reception of the Ten Commandments on stone tablets inscribed by God Himself .
The disgraceful incident of the Golden Calf .
The construction of the Tabernacle and its furnishings , including the Ark of the Covenant .
The " strange fire " incident in which Nadab and Abihu died .
The first census .
The spy expedition , the bad report , and God 's edict that no adult of that generation would survive to enter the Promised Land except Caleb and Joshua , the only two spies to keep the faith .
Two incidents in which Moses drew water from rocks .
The mutiny of Korah , Dathan , and Abiram .
The deaths of Miriam and Aaron .
The initial conquests , including that of Heshbon , and the incident involving Balaam and King Balak .
The disgrace of Israel with the women of Moab , and how Phinehas distinguished himself in his zeal by summarily executing an Israelite and his Midianite concubine , and then leading 12,000 Israelites to victory in the Battle of Midian later that year .
The second census .
The Amalekite battle was the first battle of the army of Israel , which of course was untested and consisted of soldiers who , a short while before , had been slaves .
Moses sent these untested recruits , under the command of Joshua , against Amalekite raiders who had been attacking the stragglers among the Israelites .
To ensure victory , Moses stood on a high hill and held up his rod .
When he could not hold up his rod indefinitely , Aaron and Hur stood to either side of him , and each man held up one of Moses ' arms .
Thus Moses kept his rod held high , and the Israelites won .
The Golden Calf incident was the low point of the wilderness journey , lower even than the Korah Mutiny or the bad report of the spies .
When God had finished dictating to Moses the Ten Commandments and the instructions for the Tabernacle , He then told Moses to descend immediately , because the people had " corrupted themselves . "
God then said that he would make a new nation based on Moses .
Moses begged
God not to do this , and even said that God should kill him , too , if He were so determined .
Nevertheless , Moses was furious with the people and would ultimately execute three thousand of them in that episode .
Because only the Levites came to his aid when he called for it , the Levites , from that day to this , took exclusive possession of all sacerdotal duty and responsibility in Jewish life .
Moses would endure mutiny ( as mentioned above ) and questioning of his authority , even by his own brother and sister .
Remarkably , he would still bring the Israelites to the border of the Promised Land with their faith nearly intact .
Death
On 1 Shevat 2553 AM ( 6 February 1451 BC ) , Moses gave his last address to the people of Israel .
Most of the book of Deuteronomy consists of the text of that address .
Moses died on Mount Nebo , on the eastern side of the Jordan River .
No one knows even today where he is buried .
Moses as prophet
Moses was unique among the prophets of Israel .
God spoke face - to - face with Moses .
Yet Moses always conducted himself with the utmost humility .
Perhaps his greatest project , other than leading the people of Israel across the Sinai desert , was the building of the Tabernacle .
Every part of its furnishings and coverings is a symbol of Jesus Christ or His mission to earth .
Sadly , Moses sometimes allowed the murmuring people to provoke him to anger .
One one occasion this anger led him to disobey God .
God had told Moses merely to speak to a rock and bring forth water .
Moses had already struck a rock on an earlier occasion , a symbol of the punishment that Jesus Christ would undergo .
Therefore Moses did not need to strike another rock .
But he did strike the second rock .
Thus he failed to honor God , and also spoiled the symbolism of the event .
For that , God did not allow Moses to enter Canaan before he died .
Moses as author
The prophet Moses authored the Pentateuch
Moses is traditionally credited with being the author of the Pentateuch , the first five books of the Old Testament .
Jesus confirms this when he refers to Moses writing about him ( John 5:46 ) , and although he is not specific about exactly what Moses wrote , he would have been referring to the books generally understood as being written by Moses .
This body of work includes a history of the world from Creation to the moment of the death of Moses , a complete body of sacerdotal and civil law , and , most importantly , a detailed testimony of the Messiah to come , in the form of the Tabernacle .
Concerning the manner of the composition of the Pentateuch , one striking point stands out : it ends with the death of Moses , though Moses is supposed to be its author .
Scholars have advanced three theories to explain this :
Moses wrote the Pentateuch in their present form , and scribes added a few passages ( such as reference to the death of Moses ) after he died .
Moses wrote a number of different books over the course of his life which were later compiled by scribes into the Pentateuch .
Flavius Josephus suggests this theory : that Moses wrote about his own death before he died , for fear that the people might believe he escaped death because of his extraordinary virtue . [ 3 ]
Some sceptics argue that Moses could not have written Deuteronomy , as the book records Moses ' death .
But that death is recorded in the very last chapter , and there is no reason not to think that a later author did n't append the final chapter .
Such an occurrence does not undermine the claim of Moses ' authorship of the principal work .
The source of the material is another open question , because obviously Moses was not alive during the events of Genesis or the first chapter of Exodus , and the second chapter begins with his birth .
Two theories currently attempt to explain this :
Moses did not write Genesis , but compiled it from pre-existing written documents handed down through the ancestors of the Israelites all the way back to Adam .
Moses could have edited the text to update some information , but whilst Moses would not be the actual author of the book in this case , he would still be responsible for it in its final form , and it would therefore still be one of the " books of Moses " .
Moses received the basis of the Pentateuch directly from God , as is recorded in the Book of Jubilees , and it was later compiled into historical form by scribes .
Moses as military leader
Moses ' reputation as a military leader allegedly begins even before the Exodus .
Josephus alleges that Moses commanded Egyptian troops before his initial exile ; this might or might not be true .
Moses did begin the first military training of the nation of Israel , and would send the Israelite army , under the command of Joshua , against other enemies even before he died .
Joshua , of course , succeeded Moses as commander - in - chief , judge , and civil administrator .
Moses in fiction
Main Article : Moses in film
Moses has appeared as the lead character in at least three dramatic projects , two in motion pictures and one on television .
The record for a faithful depiction of his life is decidedly mixed .
See also
References
↑ Jones , Floyd N. The Chronology of the Old Testament , Green Forest , AR : Master Books , 2004 , Chart 4 ↑ Josephus , Antiquities 2.10 ↑ Josephus , Antiquities , 4.1.49
EVERYONE knows the power of deadlines  and we all hate them .
But their effectiveness is undeniable .
People procrastinate .
Deadlines help .
They speed up performance and , paradoxically , reduce the anxiety of uncertainty .
So when President Obama announced on Tuesday night a strict timetable of 18 months before the drawdown of troops from Afghanistan  how did that affect the psychology of the nation ?
The emotional effect of the pronouncement depends on the party involved .
For the military brass , 18 months is a blink of an eye , so the deadline could motivate them to perform at their peak , or it might paralyze them with fear ; for the troops and their loved ones , 18 months is an eternity .
But for all those with an immediate stake in the war , a clear timetable reduces uncertainty  at least along the “ when ” dimension , if not the “ what ” dimension .
After all , no one likes to wait .
And the only thing worse than waiting is waiting with uncertainty .
A team at Emory University examined what happened when people waited for an impending electrical shock .
Some people dreaded the shock so deeply that they chose to receive a more powerful shock earlier rather than wait for a lesser shock to arrive at a later , random time .
One of the key jobs of the human brain is to simulate the future , and the less information it has to work with , the more anxious it becomes .
Pinning things down in time makes waiting less troubling .
With a clear idea about the order and timescale of events , people are more patient and less anxious .
And that is the hope implicit in President Obama ’s declaration of a timeline .
The earth , as large as it is , has a fixed number of resources , most of which are renewable .
Oil , coal , ground water , and clean air , for instance , are all renewable resources ; unfortunately it takes thousands of years to replenish even a small oil well or coal deposit .
Because resources take time to replenish themselves , there is a fixed amount of oil , water , coal , clean air , wood , and topsoil that can be used in a given year .
Further complicating matters is the fact that humans do not consume resources with perfect efficiency .
An engine , for instance , that is able to use eighty percent of the energy from the combustion of its fuel would be ridiculously efficient by current standards .
There also are resources we do n’t currently use at all , resources we have n’t found a use for ; oil is an excellent historic example .
Before the widespread popularity of the internal combustion engine oil was far less valuable ; experts in that time period would likely have limited their estimates of energy resources to coal deposits .
Just as there is a limit to the amount of resources available to us , there is also a minimum amount of resources each person must consume in a given year in order to survive .
People must eat , they must have clean drinking water and shelter , and occasionally they need medical attention .
The amount of resources available per year ( A ) times efficiency of consumption ( B ) , therefore , is equal to the minimum consumption ( X ) times the maximum sustainable population of an ecosystem ( Y ) ￼.
Similarly , to find average standard of living ￼ where Y is the current population and X is the amount of resources available per person , per year .
Basically , the more efficiently we use and distribute our resources , the more there seem to be , and the fewer people sharing a pie , the more pie each person can have .
There is little we can do to change either our endowment of resources , or the minimum amount of resources needed to sustain human life .
What is vitally important , therefore , is the relationship between technological efficiency and population ; as we use our resources more efficiently , our planet can support more life .
More importantly , however , is the fact that technological advancement in excess of population growth equates to people living better lives while population growth in excess of technological advance leads to a decrease in standard of living and , eventually , some combination of disease , starvation , war , or infertility – ultimately a decline in population growth – as we grow beyond our ecosystem ’s ability to support us .
These declines can be easily explained .
If people have just enough to survive and population increases , people will starve .
Starvation weakens the body , aiding the spread of disease ; disease , meanwhile , can lead to infertility and the absolute need for resources justifies violent means of attaining them .
Human psychology further complicates matters , as people measure their own well - being by comparing it to that of their neighbors .
Most people in modern societies have no real concept of the minimum amount of resources needed for survival .
A poor person in the United States , for example , may have plenty to eat , a decent place to live , and decent clothes , but would still feel poor because everyone else seems to have more .
This same principle can be extended to a middle class person in a rich neighborhood .
The bottom line is that regardless of how high or low a person ’s standard of living is they will inevitably fight to prevent it from declining .
Furthermore , there is a surplus of people unsatisfied with their current allotment of resources , people looking to move up .
Therefore , population growth in excess of technological advance leads to catastrophe – a decline in population growth .
People from the poorest ( agricultural ) countries reproduce at a much higher rate than people from fully developed ( urban ) economies .
They have developed based on the assumption that , first , more kids will lead to better productivity , which equates to economic well - being and , second , several of those kids will die during childhood .
There is , therefore , a much greater emphasis on family and fertility .
Because the main role of women is that of child - bearer they are less likely to be educated and far less likely to be accepted in a work environment .
Normally these cultural differences would be offset by a higher death rate that would decline along with the birthrate as the country developed economically .
Despite cultural mores and the resultant high birthrates , population growth would be controlled .
The natural processes mentioned earlier would ensure ecological equilibrium .
Right now , however , industrialized countries are focused on controlling the death rate rather than helping poorer countries develop economically , resulting in the most rapid population growth in human history .
The governments of the industrialized world are seeking security , meaning re-election .
They avoid unpopular public action .
So they stop war when they can , they try to limit problems like mass starvation and widespread disease , they try to maintain stability to keep businesses and consumers happy by enabling trade , and they try to accomplish all this at a discount because the only thing businesses and consumers hate more than taxes is taxes intended to benefit someone else .
These are all good things but the long - term result of these actions could be very bad because the only way to address all these problems at a discount has been to ignore the root cause and treat the symptoms .
It is the equivalent of a patient avoiding a simple but painful surgery in favor of daily medication with dangerous long - term side effects .
Poor countries will become more populated and it will become increasingly expensive to treat the symptoms .
At some point the weight of supporting so many people at a minimum standard of living will become so great that rich countries will have to either change policies or allow their economies to collapse .
Furthermore , the longer this trend continues , the more difficult economic growth will be .
For a poor country too develop socially and economically without catastrophic damage to the environment while dealing with the problem of overpopulation is too much too ask .
A cash - strapped country cannot simultaneously finance public housing , water purification , welfare , and health care while building roads , airports , sea ports , schools , and giving loans to would - be business people .
If rich countries continue to simply focus on prolonging life and preserving stability they will be forced to choose between allowing disease , starvation , and war to take its course in the third world or allowing the world economy to collapse .
They need to act now , redirect some of their military spending to foreign development , force their businesses to pay foreign workers decent wages , invest in infrastructure and capital goods , and educate people from disadvantaged countries with the intent of returning them to their own countries .
Most importantly , however , women need to get a good education .
Educated , urban women have more options and , therefore , have fewer children .
Given a choice , some women will choose not to have kids , and those that have kids tend to have fewer when their income is less dependant on children as a source of free labor .
Therefore , educated urban women reproduce at a slower rate .
Furthermore , educated women that stay at home and raise children usually raise smarter children .
What troubles me is that world leaders either ignore or fail to understand the consequences of their actions .
Developed countries like the U.S. , U.K. , Japan , Australia , and most of Europe send billions of dollars in aid to underdeveloped countries to prevent people from dying of starvation or disease and spend billions more to maintain vast militaries to prevent war .
I can understand these actions ; no one wants people to die and these actions prevent millions of deaths .
If we continue down this path , however , it could mean a drastic decline for our entire civilization .
I certainly am not suggesting we forget about the “ third - world ” or that we leave them to their own devices , but I am vehemently opposed to the idea of international welfare as a long - term solution to the problem of an unequal distribution of income between nations .
The industrialized world needs to bite the bullet , making the investment needed to fix the root problem , poverty , before the symptoms get out of control and before we decimate .
In a recent Time magazine article , Nancy Gibbs suggested that one of the chief lessons of the Fort Hood shootings might be this : the nature of terrorism is changing .
Gibbs quotes Bruce Hoffman , a former CIA scholar - in - residence and Georgetown University terrorism expert , who claims that al Qaeda ’s new strategy may be “ to empower and motivate individuals to commit acts of violence completely outside any terrorist chain of command . ”
In other words , terrorist groups may be using the internet and other communication outlets to help turn potential violent extremists into actual ones — disseminating their propaganda so as to radicalize individuals who do n’t have actual ties to an extremist group , but who develop a sense of allegiance , and are willing to act on it .
If this is true , terrorists will be much harder to identify and capture .
Without an organized plot , without communication among the conspirators , without the planning and arranging that sends inadvertent signals , homeland security operatives wo n’t have much to go on .
The result may be an increasing emphasis on prejudicial profiling to expand the scope of domestic surveillance of the private lives of individuals who have done nothing wrong ( other than commit the “ crime ” of , say , being Muslim ) .
In other words , the success of forceful interdiction of terrorists may depend on increasing both discrimination and “ big brother ” intrusions into individual privacy .
Unless , of course , we radically rethink our approach .
Violence Begets Collateral Damage Begets Violence
The fact is that the secular world , in confronting evil , has long relied on one solution : the use of coercive power to violently incapacitate those who do evil and , in the process , deter those who are considering it .
Alongside this tactic , and in opposition to it , there has been , for centuries , a quiet but steady religious message — a message one is most likely to hear not within the religious establishment ( so often co-opted by secular institutions of power ) but by the more prophetic voices , the voices of those who see a disconnect between the status quo and the message emanating from our most profound encounters with the divine .
The message is this : violence begets violence .
Hate can not drive out hate .
We need to distinguish between fighting evil and fighting evildoers .
Evil will be overcome not through the spread of force and fear , but through the spread of compassion and empathy .
For as long as this quiet message has been voiced , the response of the secular establishment has been to dismiss it as unrealistic .
“ Sure , ” goes the reply , “ that may work in private life when everyone involved is reasonable , but it is n’t going to work to stop the crazies out there .
Especially the ones with guns , or armies , or bombs .
We need to take out the crazies before they get us . ”
But a study of the history of fighting terrorism might inspire us to rethink who , precisely , is being unrealistic .
In a forthcoming article in The Journal of Moral Philosophy , I argue that the term “ terrorism , ” which is used in so many competing ways , might be most usefully defined as the use of violence in which an individual or group , motivated by an in - group / out - group ideology , indiscriminately targets members of the ideologically defined “ out - group ” in pursuit of the “ in - group ’s ” sacred mission or purpose .
If this is what we mean by the term “ terrorism , ” there are numerous ways in which the conventional strategy of force is , well , unrealistic .
First of all , those who are indoctrinated into the terrorist ideology are often perfectly willing to die for the sake of the in - group ’s cause .
In fact , they often expect to die .
They are not going to be deterred by the threat of a violent response from the state .
This means that the state ca n’t hope that where it falls short in forceful interdiction it will gain ground in deterrence .
If terrorists are to be stopped , they must be caught or killed .
Governments often find themselves increasing the scope and intensity of their violent anti-terrorism strategies .
Since terrorist groups are typically the radical fringes of a larger community with which they identify , and within which they are embedded , increasing the scope and intensity of violence inevitably harms innocents — what is euphemistically called “ collateral damage . ”
That Old Insanity
The predictable result is moral outrage among members of this broader community to which the terrorists belong .
And that outrage is used by the terrorists to fuel their propaganda , to make their ideology of hate increasingly attractive .
And so a larger percentage of the targeted community becomes radicalized .
More people see the world through the terrorist ’s ideological lens and become willing to blow themselves up in the effort to pursue the in - group ’s mission against the demonized out - group .
While this pattern is readily identifiable in the decades of conflict between Israel and Palestine , the United States has been courting a similar one .
In its military efforts to disable al Qaeda , the U.S. has succeeded in providing fuel for radical Islam ’s rhetoric , with its image of a world divided between the faithful and the infidel and the Great Satan threatening the very survival of God ’s faithful servants .
The “ collateral damage ” of America ’s war on terror serves as fertile soil in which allegiance to an ideology of hate can take root and grow .
And now that it has taken root to such devastating effect in an officer of the US Army , what happens next ?
Do we respond by treating all Muslims as suspect , as potential terrorists , and so produce a new kind of collateral damage , innocent people who are systematically discriminated against because of their religion ?
What do we expect the result will be ?
Do we expect that , magically , our increased willingness to harm the innocent members of a group in order to wipe out the radical fringe will somehow , this time , have a different result ?
That ’s not merely unrealistic — it verges on a kind of insanity .
But if it is insanity , it ’s not a new kind .
It ’s been around for at least as long as recorded history .
But so has this quiet religious voice , which discovers in the mystical experience of union with the transcendent an alternative approach to fighting evil .
Maybe , just maybe , it ’s time to stop dismissing that voice as unrealistic and begin listening to it .
Maybe it ’s time for governments to begin seriously asking what a public policy response to terrorism that ’s based on spreading compassion and empathy , rather than spreading force and fear , would look like .
Are there ways for nations to deliberately break down the divisive ideologies of extremists ?
Are there things governments can do to forge human connections across ideological divides ?
And what effect would such practices have on the occurrences of terrorism in the world ?
Perhaps the secular world is n’t yet ready to identify the quiet voice of religious nonviolence with the wisdom of God .
But is it ready , at least , to acknowledge how unrealistic its own policies have been , and to start investigating the possibility of something more compassionate and more forgiving ?
Is it ready to admit that focusing on “ taking out ” the crazies has too often led to a proliferation of insanity ?
For the sake of the world , I hope so .
The World 's # 1 Selling , Award Winning , Shaving Product for Back Hair .
The Original , and trusted Back Hair Shaver ™
See the Razorba® War Hammer™ on the
Rachael Ray TV Talk Show
5 % Off ! Use Promotion Code : AUDRINA
" The great part about shaving is it is painless , and inexpensive ...
For the guy on a budget the Razorba is a really great option . "
- Kyan Douglas , 10 Years Younger TLC
" Sharp new back shaver . "
- Stuff Magazine " If you 'd like to put your back hair days behind you , perform a reach - around with the Razorba . "
- Maxim Magazine
Back Hair Is n't Attractive
Let 's face it , back hair on a man is n't attractive .
It 's the equivalent of a woman with hairy legs .
But for men , there is no easy way to rid yourself of back hair , until now .
The Razorba [ Ray Zore ( sounds like Ore ) Buh ] is the convenient , do - it - yourself , painless , embarrassment - free , solution to back hair .
100 % guaranteed !
The Razorba is the patented Back Hair Shaver™ that holds a Razorba G.O.A.T. razor ( extra wide and super comfortable ) or your favorite razor , ergonomically designed and tested by men with back hair .
It solves the problem of back hair removal by letting you shave at your convenience , any time you need to .
It works with Razorba G.O.A.T disposables and most standard razors .
It 's quick and easy to insert or remove a razor .
To use , simply insert a razor into the Razorba , apply shaving cream and shave .
The Razorba really works .
- Fast & convenient back hair shaving
- Do it yourself !
- No pain
- No embarrassment
- Problem solved
Learn why the Razorba is the best choice for back hair removal .
And why it 's better than laser hair removal , back waxing , and hair removal creams in the
This hefty quality items is made from high impact material .
The Razorba was developed to allow easy shaving of your back .
With the Razorba you get :-
Fast & convenient back hair shaving -
Do it yourself !-
No pain -
No embarrassment - Problem solvedLearn why the Razorba is the best choice for back hair removal .
And why it 's better than laser hair removal , back waxing , and hair removal creams in the FAQ section Makes a great & unique gift !
Click on above images to learn more .
What are the bare essentials of life , the indispensable ingredients required to produce a cell that can survive on its own ?
Can we describe the molecular anatomy of a cell , and understand how an entire organism functions as a system ?
These are just some of the questions that scientists in a partnership between the European Molecular Biology Laboratory ( EMBL ) in Heidelberg , Germany , and the Centre de Regulacio Genòmica ( CRG ) in Barcelona , Spain , set out to address .
In three papers published back - to - back in Science , they provide the first comprehensive picture of a minimal cell , based on an extensive quantitative study of the biology of the bacterium that causes atypical pneumonia , Mycoplasma pneumoniae .
The study uncovers fascinating novelties relevant to bacterial biology and shows that even the simplest of cells is more complex than expected .
Mycoplasma pneumoniae is a small , single - cell bacterium that causes atypical pneumonia in humans .
It is also one of the smallest prokaryotes -- organisms whose cells have no nucleus -- that do n't depend on a host 's cellular machinery to reproduce .
This is why the six research groups which set out to characterize a minimal cell in a project headed by scientists Peer Bork , Anne-Claude Gavin and Luis Serrano chose M. pneumoniae as a model : it is complex enough to survive on its own , but small and , theoretically , simple enough to represent a minimal cell -- and to enable a global analysis .
A network of research groups at EMBL's Structural and Computational Biology Unit and CRG's EMBL - CRG Systems Biology Partnership Unit approached the bacterium at three different levels .
One team of scientists described M. pneumoniae 's transcriptome , identifying all the RNA molecules , or transcripts , produced from its DNA , under various environmental conditions .
Another defined all the metabolic reactions that occurred in it , collectively known as its metabolome , under the same conditions .
A third team identified every multi-protein complex the bacterium produced , thus characterising its proteome organisation .
" At all three levels , we found M. pneumoniae was more complex than we expected , " says Luis Serrano , co-initiator of the project at EMBL and now head of the Systems Biology Department at CRG .
When studying both its proteome and its metabolome , the scientists found many molecules were multifunctional , with metabolic enzymes catalyzing multiple reactions , and other proteins each taking part in more than one protein complex .
They also found that M. pneumoniae couples biological processes in space and time , with the pieces of cellular machinery involved in two consecutive steps in a biological process often being assembled together .
Remarkably , the regulation of this bacterium 's transcriptome is much more similar to that of eukaryotes -- organisms whose cells have a nucleus -- than previously thought .
As in eukaryotes , a large proportion of the transcripts produced from M. pneumoniae 's DNA are not translated into proteins .
And although its genes are arranged in groups as is typical of bacteria , M. pneumoniae does n't always transcribe all the genes in a group together , but can selectively express or repress individual genes within each group .
Unlike that of other , larger , bacteria , M. pneumoniae 's metabolism does n't appear to be geared towards multiplying as quickly as possible , perhaps because of its pathogenic lifestyle .
Another surprise was the fact that , although it has a very small genome , this bacterium is incredibly flexible and readily adjusts its metabolism to drastic changes in environmental conditions .
This adaptability and its underlying regulatory mechanisms mean M. pneumoniae has the potential to evolve quickly , and all the above are features it also shares with other , more evolved organisms .
" The key lies in these shared features , " explains Anne-Claude Gavin , an EMBL group leader who headed the study of the bacterium 's proteome : " Those are the things that not even the simplest organism can do without and that have remained untouched by millions of years of evolution -- the bare essentials of life " .
This study required a wide range of expertise , to understand M. pneumoniae 's molecular organisation at such different scales and integrate all the resulting information into a comprehensive picture of how the whole organism functions as a system -- an approach called systems biology .
" Within EMBL 's Structural and Computational Biology Unit we have a unique combination of methods , and we pooled them all together for this project , " says Peer Bork , joint head of the unit , co-initiator of the project , and responsible for the computational analysis .
" In partnership with the CRG group we thus could build a complete overall picture based on detailed studies at very different levels . "
Bork was recently awarded the Royal Society and Académie des Sciences Microsoft Award for the advancement of science using computational methods .
Serrano was recently awarded a European Research Council Senior grant .
Fahd Saleh Suleiman al Jutayli was reportedly killed in a shootout in northern Yemen .
Photo courtesy of the NEFA Foundation .
A former Guantanamo detainee has reportedly been killed in a shootout between the Yemeni Army and Houthi rebels in northern Yemen .
The former detainee , Fahd Saleh Suleiman al Jutayli , was captured in Pakistan after fleeing the Tora Bora Mountains in 2001 .
He was repatriated to his native Saudi Arabia in May 2006 .
According to the Yemen Post , two other former Gitmo detainees – Yusuf al Shehri and Othman al Ghamdi – called their families to tell them Jutayli had been killed in the fighting and asked them to inform Jutayli ’s family .
Earlier this year , the Saudi government included all three of these former Guantanamo detainees – Jutayli , Shehri , and Ghamdi – on a list of the Kingdom ’s 85 most wanted terrorists .
After being released from Guantanamo , the three graduated from Saudi Arabia ’s rehabilitation program and joined eight other former Gitmo detainees in fleeing south to Yemen .
All eleven joined al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .
Yusuf al - Shehri , a former Gitmo detainee , reportedly informed his family of Jutayli ’s death .
Photo courtesy of the NEFA Foundation .
The escape of the eleven former Gitmo detainees from Saudi Arabia was reportedly organized by still other Gitmo veterans .
Writing in the May 2009 issue of the CTC Sentinel , Dr. Christopher Boucek , an associate in the Middle East Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said that Saudi officials found their disappearance “ was well - coordinated in advance . ”
Their escape “ was allegedly coordinated with other non-Saudi former Guantanamo detainees who have been repatriated to other countries , indicating that returnees have maintained ties from Guantanamo , ” Boucek reported .
That the eleven , one of whom has since been returned to Saudi custody , were brought back into al Qaeda ’s fold is not surprising .
All of them , including the recently deceased Jutayli , have longstanding ties to al Qaeda .
( For a detailed analysis of each of the eleven former detainees , see Evan Kohlmann ’s report for the NEFA Foundation . )
According to documents produced at Guantanamo , US intelligence officials found that Jutayli was recruited by the notorious Saudi Sheikh Ha Al Uqla to wage jihad in “ Kashmir , Pakistan or Chechnya . ” Jutayli “ joined the Taliban after receiving a Fatwa from Sheik Ha Al Uqla at the Immam Muhammad Bin Saud College in Burayda , Saudi Arabia . ”
Othman al - Ghamdi , former Gitmo detainee , reportedly informed his family of Jutayli ’s death .
Photo courtesy of the NEFA Foundation .
Sheikh Uqla , “ who issued fatwahs and encouraged people to fight jihad against Christians and Jews ” and condoned the September 11 attacks , allegedly facilitated Jutayli ’s trip to Afghanistan in 2001 .
Jutayli stayed at the Nebras Arab guesthouse , outside of the al Farouq training camp .
Jutayli was then trained at al Farouq on various weapons during September 2001 .
According to the US government , an al Qaeda explosives expert oversaw Jutayli ’s training .
After the US - led invasion of Afghanistan , Jutayli fled to the Tora Bora Mountains .
US intelligence officials found that Jutayli “ was identified by a senior al Qaeda operative as a fighter belonging to the Khallad Bin Attash group at Tora Bora in late 2001 . ” Jutayli was “ described as a new mujahidin . ”
Jutayli was asked about his al Qaeda ties during his combatant status review tribunal ( CSRT ) at Gitmo .
Jutayli denied that he had been recruited to go to Afghanistan or that Sheikh Uqla facilitated his travels .
Jutayli said he had n’t heard of al Qaeda until he was detained at Guantanamo , and that he had ended up at Tora Bora in late 2001 by chance .
He claimed that while he had gone to Afghanistan to learn how to fight , he was only trained on a handgun and did not know the name of the training facility ( al Farouq ) where he was instructed .
But in the context of these denials , Jutayli made a number of important admissions .
For example , he did not pretend he went to Afghanistan for charitable purposes .
In a Q&A session with US military officials , Jutayli conceded that he went to Afghanistan for training .
Q. What training did you desire ?
A. Just light training .
I did n’t know what kind of training it was .
Q . Why did you need to go all the way to Afghanistan to get light training ?
Could you not have received it in your home country ?
A. I did n’t know there was [ sic ] problems in Afghanistan .
Although he denied knowing the name of the al Farouq camp ( one of al Qaeda ’s chief pre-9/11 training facilities ) when he trained there , he did not dispute during his CSRT that al Farouq is where he trained .
Jutayli only denied that he had been at al Farouq for two months :
Q . You got to Afghanistan and went to al Farouq for a while and you also spent time in Tora Bora trying to get out ?
What else did you do ?
A. I did n’t stay in al Farouq for 2 months .
Q. Your total time in Afghanistan was 2 months , then ?
A. Approximately , yes .
Jutayli ’s description of how he made his way to al Farouq matches what is known about al Qaeda ’s procedures for filtering new recruits into its training facilities .
Jutayli said that he carried money and his passport to Afghanistan .
But as his tribunal members surely noticed , his story sounded eerily similar to al Qaeda ’s standard operating protocols .
Q. What happened to the money you took with you to Afghanistan ?
A . It was with my passport .
Q. So , you lost the money and your passport also ?
A. Yes .
Q. Who did you give your money and passport to ?
A. A person I do not remember .
Q . Where did you give it to them and why ?
A . So that he could take care of it for me and it would not get lost .
Q. Did you choose to do this or did this person persuade you to do this ?
A . He suggested it to me .
Jutayli then explained that “ they ” took his passport at “ a small house , ” which “ they ” put him in as soon as he arrived .
The scenario described by Jutayli during his CSRT has been reenacted time and again .
Al Qaeda typically takes new recruits ’ passports and other identifying information and gives them a new jihadist identity .
This marks a break with their pre-al Qaeda past and also makes it difficult for them to be identified should they be detained .
Because al Qaeda ’s leaders take their recruits ’ passports and other paperwork , the safety deposit boxes and safe houses where they are stored have become valuable intelligence collection points for authorities .
In fact , al Qaeda ’s substantial bureaucracy leaves an evidentiary trail that makes it possible for investigators to piece together at least some of the details of a Gitmo detainee ’s past .
This was the case with Jutayli .
US intelligence authorities found Jutayli ’s name “ on a computer used by suspected al Qaeda members , ” which listed “ associates incarcerated in Pakistan . ”
Another list including Jutayli ’s name was “ recovered from safehouse raids associated with suspected al Qaeda [ members ] in Karachi , Pakistan . ”
And perhaps most importantly , Jutayli ’s name “ was found on a hard drive associated with a senior al Qaeda operative seized during raids on 1 March 2003 in Pakistan . ”
Although the government ’s documents do not explicitly say so , this “ senior al Qaeda operative ” may very well be Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who was captured on that same day in Rawalpindi .
Despite the abundant evidence against Jutayli , including his own admissions , the Saudi was repatriated to his home country .
Interestingly , this move was made despite the fact that a “ Foreign Government Service listed [ Jutayli ] as a high priority Saudi . ”
Conversely , Jutayli promised “ he would not participate in another Jihad if he was released . ”
Obviously , he lied .
Although the precise circumstances of his death have not been reported , Jutayli took off for Yemen after being freed by the Saudis .
There , he took part in one of al Qaeda ’s most violent and dangerous jihads – the war for Yemen .
Thomas Joscelyn is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Senior Editor for FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
HAVANA , Cuba —
In the past two years , Cuban blogger Yoani Sanchez has become a potent symbol of opposition to the Castro government , a young woman who sketches out a grim chronicle of life on the communist - run island , calling for greater freedom .
Her blog , Generation Y , claims more than a million visitors per month , and her postings routinely elicit thousands of reader comments .
The blog is translated into 15 languages , appearing in English on The Huffington Post website , and Sanchez has won several major awards for her work in the U.S. and Europe .
Last year
Time named her one of the world ’s 100 most influential people .
Now , after a weekend incident in which she said was forced into a car and roughed up by Cuban security agents , Sanchez may emerge as a central figure in the island ’s tentative diplomatic thaw with the United States .
As Sanchez ’s activism increasingly moves from the computer screen to the street , she appears on a collision course with Cuban authorities .
If she is arrested or placed on trial for her activities , the Obama administration ’s cautious diplomatic overtures toward Cuba could grind to a halt .
To that exent , the next phase of the Cold War-era feud between the U.S. and Cuba may hinge on a distinctly 21st century phenomenon : a 34 - year - old blogger with a computer , spotty internet access and a massive global following .
Opponents of Cuba policy reform in Washington have already seized on her charges of assault , claiming the Obama administration ’s recent attempts to improve relations have failed to bring more tolerance for dissent on the island .
Sanchez could n’t be reached for comment , but she told the BBC this week that she would not be intimidated or silenced .
“ The only thing these attacks do is generate more Google hits for my name , and increase the solidarity of the international blogging community , ” she said .
Cuba 's blogger movement is small but growing , and the New York - based Committee to Protect Journalists estimates the island has 100 unapproved blogs , including some written by dissidents , activists , and others government critics .
Sanchez 's Generation Y is by far the most famous , offering two or three short postings each week in a carefully - crafted , literary style .
Her descriptive writing is invariably critical of the island 's socialist system , but often uses language that is n't explicitly political , unlike previous generations of dissident writers .
To the Cuban government and its supporters , Sanchez and her blog are a sophisticated but insidious tool in a long propaganda war waged by anti-Castro forces abroad .
Despite her international popularity , Sanchez remains virtually unknown among ordinary Cubans , since few have regular internet access and her site is blocked by state - controlled servers .
At times Sanchez dictates her blog entries over the phone to supporters abroad , who post them on servers off the island .
The government has not commented on the assault allegations , but according to Sanchez , she and her friends were stopped en route to an anti-violence march last Friday by a group of men she said were plainclothes officers .
The men ordered Sanchez into a car , and when she refused they forced her into the backseat , striking her back , legs and buttocks .
Sanchez said the men called her a “ counterrevolutionary ” and warned her she had crossed the line with her activities .
She said she was let go after 25 minutes .
Sanchez was not seriously injured in the incident , but said she had a sore back and has been using a crutch to move around .
She has continued writing her blog , pushing back this week at critics who she likened to those who would blame a rape victim for wearing a short skirt or walking provocatively .
“ In the face of these attitudes , the victim feels doubly assaulted , ” she wrote .
The incident was the first serious retribution Sanchez has faced for her activities , and condemnation has been raining down on the Cuban government all week — from U.S. - based human rights groups , Democratic and Republican leaders and the Obama administration , which has taken incremental steps in recent months to improve relations with Havana .
“ The U.S. government strongly deplores the assault on bloggers Yoani Sanchez , Orlando Luis Pardo , and Claudia Cadelo , ” said State Department spokesman Ian Kelly , listing the names of other bloggers who were detained with Sanchez .
“ We call on the Government of Cuba to ensure the full respect of the human rights and fundamental freedoms of all its citizens . ”
In recent months , a confrontation with Cuban authorities has been building , as Sanchez made several forays from the virtual world of her blog into real world forms of activism .
She has organized blogging workshops , staged small protest actions and wore a blond wig to sneak into a discussion forum on the internet last month , where she delivered a blistering critique of government censorship .
Sanchez ’s actions hardly amount to full - fledged street protest or serious political organization .
But the Cuban government has responded harshly to organized dissent in the past , especially when Castro opponents on the island develop the kind of international profile Sanchez has .
To some Cuba observers , Sanchez ’s trajectory parallels previous crackdowns on Castro government opponents .
When Cuban dissidents grew increasingly outspoken and organized earlier this decade , their movement was squashed in a March 2003 roundup .
In summary trials , 75 were convicted of working in league with U.S. and foreign diplomats trying undermine the government .
Several received sentences of 20 years or more .
Baruch College professor Ted Henken , who studies Cuba ’s blogger movement and has interviewed Sanchez , wrote Tuesday that her detention fits a familiar pattern in the long U.S. - Cuba standoff .
Whenever relations with the U.S. seem to be on the mend , the process is derailed by an incident in Cuba that provokes an international outcry .
“ These cases teach us that Obama should move forward on further engagement and dialogue based not on the good or bad behavior of Havana , but on the interests of the United States and the well being of the Cuban people , ” Hencken said .
“ Conditioning future steps toward a better relationship on actions in Havana only puts the Cuban government , not the U.S. government or the Cuban people , in the driver 's seat . ”
Primarily it is for automating web applications for testing purposes , but is certainly not limited to just that .
Boring web - based administration tasks can ( and should ) also be automated as well .
news Let ’s All Stare at Aliya - Jasmine Sovani ’s Boobs , to Raise Awareness for Something - or - Other
Aliya - Jasmine Sovani is the anchor of MTV News , and , as an MTV News intern recently informed us in Eye , she listens to an “ eclectic mix of Led Zeppelin , MGMT and Britney Spears . ”
But did you know that she is also a woman , with breasts ?
It ’s true !
Sovani and said breasts co-star , in slow motion , in the above ad for October ’s Boobyball , a fundraiser for rethink breast cancer that Sovani is co-chairing .
In the behind - the - scenes video of the shoot , the ad ’s co-director , “ Sean ” — Sovani ’s the other director — describes the premise as aptly as we ever could : “ The concept is that a beautiful woman enters a pool area , and it ’s really about her breasts . ”
Yep .
Oh , and breast cancer .
Yeah , it ’s about that too , or whatever .
Klang - Supermarkt zum Nulltarif
Die Musikbranche feiert den 100 .
Geburtstag des Tonträgers und wagt sich nicht einzugestehen , daß das „ Jahrhundert der Schallplatte “ zu Ende geht .
Erstmals werden mehr Tonband - Kassetten als Schallplatten verkauft .
Vor allem die Leerkassette stellt die Musikfirmen vor kaum lösbare Probleme : Sie verlieren durch Überspielungen in Westdeutschland pro Jahr rund eine Milliarde Mark .
Das Unterhaltungsgewerbe steuert in eine Existenzkrise .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Can writers get a contact high from a news report ?
It seems possible given the giddy reactions of bloggers and activists to any whiff of positive marijuana - related coverage in the press .
The Atlantic
Wire previously covered some of the enthusiasm about laxer marijuana restrictions and increased cultural acceptance here and here .
Now the Washington Post is bringing the drug back into headlines , with a Monday article positing a ' generational shift ' in attitudes toward the drug , with more people favoring marijuana legalization today than a decade ago .
Whether marijuana legalization is in the near - term offing remains to be seen , but the media is happy to continue reporting the trend .
Here 's a sampling of the march - toward - marijuana - legalization motif over the last year :
Andrew Cohen , CBS
News : " It 's not my place to advocate anything - so please do n't write and accuse me of being Cheech or Chong .
All I am saying is that the economic case for legalizing marijuana , and for lower the drinking rate , is as compelling as it has ever been and that , in a time of great changes in the interaction between government and the governed , it would not be the worst thing in the world to have a serious national debate on the topic . "
Alison Stateman , Time : " If passed , the Marijuana Control , Regulation and Education Act ( AB 390 ) would give California control of pot in a manner similar to that of alcohol while prohibiting its purchase by citizens under age 21 .
( The bill has been referred to the California state assembly 's public - safety and health committees ; Ammiano says it could take up to a year before it comes to a vote for passage . )
State revenues would be derived from a $ 50 - per-oz .
levy on retail sales of marijuana and sales taxes .
By adopting the law , California could become a model for other states . "
Joe Klein , Time : " Obviously , marijuana can be abused .
But the costs of criminalization have proved to be enormous , perhaps unsustainable .
Would legalization be any worse ?
In any case , the drug - reform discussion comes just at the right moment .
We boomers are getting older every day .
You 're not going to want us on the highways .
Make us your best offer . "
Justin Scheck and Stu Woo , The Wall Street Journal : " After years in the shadows , medical marijuana in California is aspiring to crack the commercial mainstream ...
In February , the Justice Department said it would adhere to President Barack Obama 's campaign statement that federal agents no longer would target med - pot dealers who comply with state law .
Since then , vendors who had kept a low profile have begun to expand , and entrepreneurs who had avoided cannabis have begun to invest . "
Lisa Ling , National Geographic Explorer : " I really think that its time that our lawmakers and drug enforcement officials , perhaps scientists and intellectuals actually sit down and scrutinize this issue and figure out a way to possibly better regulate it , possibly decriminalize it .
And there is a way , I think , because relative to methamphetamines and cocaine , its not as extreme a drug .
And maybe there 's a way to liken it to our laws vis -à - vis alcohol ... I do know that the arguments for legalization are very strong . "
Roger Parloff , Fortune : " The acceptance of medical marijuana has implications that extend far beyond helping those suffering from life - threatening diseases .
It is one of several factors -- including demographic changes , the financial crisis , and the widely perceived failure of the war on drugs -- reopening the country 's 40 - year - old on - again , off - again shouting match over whether marijuana should be legalized .
This article is not another polemic about why it should or should n't be .
Today , in any case , the pertinent question is whether it already has been -- at least on a local - option basis . "
Mark Jacobson , New York Magazine : " Could it be that , at long last , the Great Pot Moment is upon us ?
The planets are aligning .
First and foremost is the recession ; there 's nothing like a little cash - flow problem to make societies reconsider supposed core values .
The balance sheet could n't be clearer .
We have the so - called War on Drugs , the yawning money pit that used to send its mirror - shade warriors to far - flung corners of the globe , like the Golden Triangle of Burma and the Colombian Amazon , where they 'd confront evil kingpins .
Now , after 40 years , the front lines have moved to the streets of Juárez , where stray bullets can easily pick off old ladies in the Wal - Mart parking in El Paso , Texas , even as Mexico itself has decriminalized pot possession as well as a devil 's medicine cabinet of other drugs .
At the current $ 40 billion per annum , even General Westmoreland would have trouble calling this progress . "
Gideon Lewis - Kraus , Harper's : " A great many people who might in another era have cared about illegal foreign wars or grave threats to civil liberties had been outraged into apathy by the unrelenting malevolent ineptitude of their government and had again become preoccupied with their live - work loft spaces and the vesting schedules of options and how best to ' monetize eyeballs . '
And whereas their forebears , in a bygone time , might have been found in Golden Gate Park scoring grass from which seeds and twigs had to be charily picked , our contemporaries were pleased to take the state of California up on its gracious proposition of Compassionate Use and relieve their chronic white - collar neck pain with top - shelf industrial - grade medical marijuana , purchased semi-legally and with post office - like convenience in the shabby boutiques increasingly blacking out shop windows all over town . "
Jessica Bennett , Newsweek : " The fact that we now are debating [ marijuana decriminalization ] -- at least in some parts of the country -- is the result of a number of forces that , as MacCoun puts it , have created the perfect pot storm : the failure of the War on Drugs , the growing death toll of murderous drug cartels , pop culture , the economy , and a generation of voters that have simply grown up around the stuff .
Today there are pot television shows and frequent references to the drug in film , music , and books .
And everyone from the president to the most successful athlete in modern history has talked about smoking it at one point or another . "
David Stout and Solomon Moore , The New York Times : " Polls have shown for years that there is widespread public support for making marijuana available to relieve the suffering of people who are very ill .
But repeated efforts in Congress to block federal prosecution of medical marijuana have fallen short , and the new policy was a sharp departure from that of the Bush administration , in which the Drug Enforcement Administration raided medical marijuana distributors even if the distributors appeared to be complying with state laws .
The new policy , which reflects positions that Mr. Obama took as a presidential candidate and that Mr. Holder laid out in March , came in a memo from David W. Ogden , the deputy attorney general , to the United States attorneys in the affected states , most notably California . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
A New Jersey judge has ruled that a gestational surrogate who gave birth to twin girls is their legal mother , even though she is not genetically related to them .
The ruling gives the woman , who carried the babies in an arrangement with her brother and his male spouse , the right to seek primary custody of the children at a trial in the spring .
The case illustrates the legal complexities of gestational surrogacy , in which a woman carries unrelated embryos created in a petri dish .
A gestational surrogate in Michigan recently obtained custody of twins she carried , but courts in several other states have upheld the rights of people who contracted with gestational surrogates .
Prof. Charles P. Kindregan , an expert in reproductive technology law who teaches at Suffolk University Law School in Boston , said the New Jersey ruling , which was made Dec. 23 but released to the parties in the case this week , could expand the rights of gestational surrogates if it stood .
When Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan started shooting up the Soldier Readiness Processing Center at Fort Hood , Pfc. Marquest Smith dove under a desk .
A.P. reports that " he lay low for several minutes , waiting for the shooter to run out of ammunition and wishing he , too , had a gun . "
Neither Smith nor the other victims of Hasan 's assault had guns because soldiers on military bases within the United States generally are not allowed to carry them .
Last week 's shootings , which killed 13 people and wounded more than 30 , demonstrated once again the folly of " gun- free zones , " which attract and assist people bent on mass murder instead of deterring them .
Judging from the comments of those who support this policy of victim disarmament , Smith 's desire for a gun was irrational .
According to Paul Helmke , president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , " This latest tragedy , at a heavily fortified army base , ought to convince more Americans to reject the argument that the solution to gun violence is to arm more people with more guns in more places . "
Note how the reference to " a heavily fortified army base " obscures the crucial point that the people attacked by Hasan were unarmed as a matter of policy .
Also note the breathtaking inanity of Helmke 's assurance that " more guns " are not " the solution to gun violence . "
In this case , they assuredly were .
The first people with guns to confront Hasan , two local police officers , were the ones who put a stop to his rampage .
And while Sgt. Kim Munley and Sgt. Mark
Todd acted heroically , they did not arrive on the scene until a crucial 10 minutes or so had elapsed and Hasan had fired more than 100 rounds .
If someone else at the processing center had a gun when Hasan started shooting , it seems likely that fewer people would have been killed or injured .
Furthermore , the knowledge that some of his victims would be armed might have led him to choose a different , softer target in order to maximize the impact of his attack .
There would have been plenty of targets to choose from : any of the locations in Texas , including public schools , universities , and shopping malls , that advertise their prohibition of gun possession .
The problem is that crazed killers tend not to follow such rules .
That problem was vividly illustrated by the second deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history , which occurred in Killeen , Texas , a stone 's throw from Fort Hood .
In 1991 George Jo Hennard drove his pickup truck through the window of a Luby 's cafeteria in Killeen , jumped out , and began firing two pistols at the defenseless customers and employees inside , killing 23 of them .
One customer , Suzanna Hupp , saw Hennard gun down her parents .
Hupp later testified that she had brought a handgun with her that day but , to her bitter regret , left it in her car , as required by state law .
The massacre led the Texas legislature to approve a " shall issue " law that allows any resident who meets certain objective criteria to obtain a concealed carry permit .
But people with such permits are still barred from bringing their weapons into areas designated as gun-free zones .
And when a killer fires on people he knows will be unarmed , it matters little whether he has 20 - round or 10 - round magazines , a detail emphasized in press coverage of the Fort Hood massacre .
The second or two it takes to switch magazines is a minor nuisance when the people you are shooting at cannot shoot back .
Even less relevant is the allegation that Hasan used illegal armor-piercing ammunition .
The Brady Campaign bizarrely chose to highlight that claim even though there was no indication that any of Hasan 's victims were wearing bullet - proof vests , let alone that his bullets penetrated them .
Perhaps the group hoped that such puzzling illogic would distract people from the plain fact that having a gun is better than not having one when you are confronted by a homicidal maniac .
Jacob Sullum is a senior editor at Reason and a nationally syndicated columnist .
© Copyright 2009 by Creators Syndicate Inc .
It sits there , looming .
An object that was , at one time , inviting to a kid who grew up loving its simplicity and its power to help him get to where he wanted to go , to be the football player he wanted to be .
But it now is also the object that nearly killed him , dealing him so crushing a blow that doctors expected he'd never breathe without a tracheostomy tube in his neck or eat by any method other than through a tube in his stomach .
Running back Stafon Johnson leads his teammates to the field to take on Arizona at the Coliseum on Dec. 5 .
Johnson suffered a season - ending weightlifting injury earlier this season .
Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images
But there it was , looming , beckoning .
USC running back Stafon Johnson took a deep breath and crawled under the iron , determined to face this demon .
He had to .
Because at the NFL combine , you have to bench - press .
And so he grabbed the bar and pushed it slowly above his neck .
" It was just a regular day at the job . "
Just three months ago Johnson was bench - pressing 275 pounds as part of his regular weight - training regimen with the Trojans .
It 's a weight he had handled easily all season , and he had a spotter .
" It was just a regular day at the job . " he said .
" Workouts .
Regular day , regular day on the bench , regular weight .
Next thing I know I 'm gasping for air . "
Accounts of what exactly happened are hazy , and Johnson says now they are too difficult for him to discuss .
What is known is that the bar slipped from his hand and landed square on his throat , crushing his larynx -- actually splitting it into two parts .
As paramedics were called , word spread quickly throughout the lower level at Heritage Hall , which houses the football offices .
" I was in my office and someone came in and told me that he had an accident , " said USC 's director of equipment Dave Scott , aka " Pops . "
" I ran down to the weight room and he was sitting up and [ made a gesture ] for me to call his mom . "
That day , Johnson 's mother , Kim Mallory , happened to be on a service call for her job at California Hospital , just miles from the USC campus -- the same hospital they were taking her son .
She rushed from the offices to the emergency room and ran outside .
" I could hear the ambulance coming with Stafon , " she said .
" They pulled up and I told the paramedics I 'm his mom , and they opened up the door . "
He looked at her , almost not believing she was really there .
She said he was wide - eyed , but calm .
As she was processing what had happened , she noticed Johnson looking and gesturing for something to write with .
A nurse handed him paper and a pen .
He wrote , " It 's hard for me to breathe . "
Coach Pete Carroll , who had run down to the weight room just as Johnson was being strapped onto the gurney , said : " We did n't have a lot of hope that something really good was going to happen .
All we heard was some really terrible news .
" He really was a sight to see . "
A few miles away , Dr. Jason Hamilton , a neck and head surgeon , was driving on the 10 freeway when he got a call from his office .
He was told that someone at California Hospital had a weight dropped on his neck and they needed his help .
He looked up and saw that he was right at the exit that would take him there .
Within minutes , he was in the operating room examining Johnson , stunned by what he saw .
" I basically saw a big mess .
It was hard for me to figure out which pieces of his larynx went where or what the extent of the injury was , " he said .
" The top portion of the larynx was separated from the lower portion of the larynx , so basically two pieces . "
He realized he needed an extra set of hands and called his partner , Dr. Ryan Osborne , also a neck and head surgeon , who rushed to the hospital and was also stunned by what they faced .
" There was tissue one direction , tissue going another direction , " he said .
" There was no orientation whatsoever .
He was bleeding out of his neck , blood coming out of his mouth .
He really was a sight to see .
He had fractures involving these actual voice boxes , the muscles that surround the voice box were blown away . "
They realized what they were up against : taking on a case so severe and traumatic that neither had even read about it in any textbook , because it had never been written about .
Most patients in Johnson 's condition die .
" We were basically putting together wet tissue paper , " Dr. Hamilton said .
" We had one chance to put each puzzle piece in its position , and if we got it wrong that was it . "
With Hamilton working through Johnson 's mouth and Osborne working through an incision in Johnson 's neck , they used magnifying lenses and tweezers to perform their delicate work .
" We 're literally communicating with each other , a little to the left , little to the right , " Osborne said .
And they were in a race against time .
" With more time expired , more things got swollen , more fragile he became , " Hamilton said .
" He 's got dead tissue in there just because of the injury , tissue begins to die , so we 're losing tissue and we have to try and figure out what 's alive and what 's not alive , what we can save , what we can't save , " Osborne said .
" You can't actually suture this tissue with the same type of ease you can suture skin or muscle .
This is thin , tissue - paper - like material you have to make every single move perfectly or it's not going to work . "
The doctors worked on Johnson for more than seven hours .
Putting the larynx back together did n't take much time , they said .
" We were trying to put it back together so it would work , so he could use his larynx , so that he could breathe on his own , that he'd be able to swallow on his own and potentially be able to speak again someday . "
And even when they were finished they were n't sure .
" We both looked at each other and said , ' Hey , this looks good , ' " Osborne said .
" Now whether it 's going to work that 's a different story . "
" All literature and my logic would say he would never get the tracheostomy tube out , he 's going to be on a feeding tube the rest of his life , " Hamilton said .
And for some people , that is all doctors can give them , that life .
" But when we were done , with the surgery I felt that everything was really good . "
" I 'm still holding on . "
When Johnson came out of anesthesia , he knew his life had been saved .
Going into surgery , he had n't been so sure .
" I basically just put it in God 's hands , " he said .
His mother had been raised through the Living Gospel Church in Compton , Calif. , and she had raised Johnson there as well .
In the ambulance , he began to , in his mind , sing words of a hymn he sang as a young boy , " I 'm still holding on . "
It calmed him .
And so , waking up , he relied again on what he had been taught :
No matter what , have faith .
What he cared about most was when he could get back to practice .
His mother said he really had no idea of the extent of his injury and when Carroll visited that night , he told him , " He was sorry he let the team down , but he'd be back the next week . "
Nobody had the heart to tell him he might never be back .
" I looked at my best friend and asked him when I was gonna get out , " Johnson said .
" He just put his head down , and from that point then I knew it was not good .
I just kind of broke down .
It was hard . "
Visitors came by droves and were allowed in a few at a time .
The main thing Johnson needed was rest .
His mother , who never left the hospital the first few weeks , was concerned that too much excitement and emotion would jeopardize his recovery .
Doctors had given them explicit instructions .
" We told him , ' You have a major injury , ' " Dr. Osborne said .
" We said , ' Do not move .
Do not swallow .
Do not cough . '
I actually said , ' Do n't even think about talking .
If you do n't follow directions , you may never get these tubes out . ' "
Johnson had the tube in his neck to help him breathe , and feeding tubes in his nose .
The gauze around his neck was bloodstained .
It was a shocking sight to many who had seen him only as the powerful athlete he had become .
Pops , the equipment director , walked in and had to walk out immediately .
" It was very emotional , " he said .
" Very emotional . "
And it was emotional for Johnson , as well .
He began to understand what he was dealing with .
Many nights coaches would come to visit , and sat and cried as Johnson cried .
Sometimes it was too much for his mom to see , so she quietly left the room to give them their privacy .
And there was pain , the times when nurses had to suction Johnson 's tracheostomy incision , which was so brutally painful he squeezed her hand so hard it hurt .
Teammates and coaches who visited lent their hand during those procedures when she needed to squeeze someone 's hand , too .
Stafon Johnson , left , listens as his mother , Kim Mallory , thanks his supporters during a news conference at the Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , where Johnson was hospitalized after a weight bar crushed his throat and voice box .
Damian Dovarganes / Associated Press
But it was the times when it was just the two of them late at night that brought out the hardest moments , she said .
Times when she knew her son was having flashbacks to that moment in the weight room .
It was those times that their faith was tested , but she never wavered .
Too many things had happened to reassure them that God was guiding them :
She was at the hospital when he was brought in , the doctor was driving by at that same time , Johnson had calmed himself and found a way to breathe to even make it to the hospital .
She reminded him of these things and he said he kept repeating in his head what his late grandfather told him when he was struggling because of a lack of playing time his freshman year at USC : " God has a plan .
Run , Stafon , run . "
" I just wanted to talk to somebody . "
Johnson followed his doctors ' plans to a T , eventually learning how to attach and detach his tracheostomy and feeding tubes from the machines , maneuver around to take a shower and keep the urge to talk at bay .
He communicated with a dry - erase board and by typing on his computer .
And he started to keep a journal .
A week in , by all accounts , he was making great progress .
But then came the Trojans ' game against Cal .
From his hospital bed , he watched Joe McKnight , whom he calls his little brother , rush for 118 yards and two touchdowns as the Trojans manhandled the Bears , 30 - 3 .
During the game he sent text messages and tweets .
He was so emotional and excited he began to cough and then choked .
It was so severe that doctors had to sedate him .
" I was so amped up and into it , happy for my boys , " Johnson said .
" It was too much . "
Unaware of what had happened back in Los Angeles , Pete Carroll told a national television audience that when the Trojans got back from Berkeley they were going to take the buses to the hospital .
They were on the I - 10 headed there when Mallory told Carroll what had happened , that Johnson was knocked out .
" We were almost there , " Carroll says .
Johnson was moved to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center to be closer to his doctors , whose offices are in the adjacent building .
It was there that they started to believe that their work in the operating room had been successful .
" We were able to give him smaller and smaller breathing tubes to allow him to breathe on his own , " Hamilton said .
" Essentially , he was sharing breathing through the trach tube and mouth at the same time . "
And that was enough for them to discharge him from the hospital .
Said Hamilton : " We thought that if he continues in that fashion , he'd be able to get that tube out and breathe on his own .
After breathing is established , swallowing and voice would follow .
He made rapid progress in developing ability to swallow and then , eventually , to speak . "
What Johnson spoke , initially , was just one word and in a raspy whisper .
" We asked him to say hello , " Osborne said .
" And he said , ' Hello , ' and we all jumped up and down . "
" They told me my voice would never be the same , " Johnson said .
" I was so anxious as to what sound would come out .
I was so happy when I did it ; I wanted to say ' Hi ' to other people .
... I just wanted to talk to somebody . "
Before the USC - Stanford game , Johnson sneaked into the Trojans ' locker room , grabbed Pops in a bear hug and said , " I love you , Pops . "
" When he did that it was very special , " Scott said .
" And I knew there was a God .
I knew the blessings were on him , it was going to work out for him . "
And then there was food , probably what he missed even more than speaking .
The first time doctors allowed him to try was when they all met at a restaurant .
Kim had always been careful not to eat in front of Johnson when he was still on the feeding tube .
She remembers that one day just the smell of food was too much for him .
" He ran in the kitchen and just grabbed some and put it in his mouth , " she said , laughing .
" He had to spit it out , and I was like , ' Why are you wasting my food ? ' "
But that day at the restaurant Osborne ordered three plates of chicken instead of two .
Johnson noticed the extra plate , and Osborne said , " Go for it . "
" That chicken tasted like heaven , " Johnson said .
" I could n't believe how good chicken could be . "
Said Osborne : " It went down like cotton candy . "
" It was then , " Johnson said , " I knew I was back to being me .
I had learned to swallow water , which is the toughest thing to tackle , they say .
I had a voice , and now I was eating .
It felt wonderful . "
" ' I need to get back out there again . ' "
Doctors performed several more surgical procedures on Johnson , to help erase scarring on his neck because they did n't want him to be reminded of what happened every time he looked in the mirror .
And eventually , he had surgery to widen his windpipe .
Johnson could have elected to have surgery to strengthen his vocal cords and his voice , but chose to " rob Peter to pay Paul , " Hamilton said .
" The vocal cords do three things , " he explained .
" They allow you to swallow normally , they allow you to speak and allow you to breathe .
It 's a balancing game . "
Content with where his voice was , Johnson chose a better way to breathe .
Asked why , he laughed and said , " I 'm not a singer . "
He wanted to start working out to see if he could maybe play football again .
" Stafon made it clear to us , " Osborne said .
" ' I need to get back out there again . '
This is the reason he underwent these procedures .
These procedures really were about his election to play football . "
They did n't , however , come without risk .
Each time doctors went in , there was a chance that the procedures would n't work and Johnson would end up back in the hospital , potentially back on breathing and feeding machines .
Each time they told him of that risk and asked if he was sure he wanted to go through the surgery , his answer was yes .
He did n't waver .
" His faith in God is unreal for a kid his age , " says Kregg Anderson , a man Johnson calls an uncle .
" He 's very grounded in that area .
Do n't know too many kids , especially ballplayers , superstar athletes , that have faith in God as much as he has . "
Anderson and Johnson had trained and worked out together since Johnson was 9 .
When he asked to start again , it was Anderson that he turned to .
They started with a treadmill , walking a few minutes each day , building to a run .
The problem became , Anderson said , that Johnson wanted to push himself too much .
" We 'd be watching TV and he'd get out his perfect push - up , " Anderson said .
" I 'd say , ' Stafon that 's too much . '
But he was determined . "
He was monitored by doctors at first , and trained privately because none of them were sure what would happen , not wanting him to fail in front of people .
But what they saw was gradual improvement and his ability to adapt to a smaller - than - normal windpipe .
" I had to get acclimated to that , " Johnson said .
" It 's as if I had asthma and such , and there 's a lot of people that play sports , run track , do other things like that .
So it 's like , ' OK , I have the same thing as they have .
Why can't I run ?
Why can't I do this ? '
When it was hard , I just thought about that . "
He began to jump rope , minutes at a time .
Eventually , he knew , if he was really going to continue this journey toward his goal of getting back on the football field , he'd have to face the bench press .
It came with a lot of emotion .
" A fluke accident . "
Just about everyone who heard about the accident asks the question : " How could this happen if you had a spotter ? "
Johnson answers , " I do n't know . "
That 's as far as he 'll go , for now .
Members of the weight staff were n't made available to ESPN , but Carroll said he was told , " It was just a mistake on [ Johnson 's ] judgment .
He flexed his hands and the bar just rolled off .
We had spotters .
It 's just he's in the last set of his workout , he had been lifting for years and years so you back off and let the guy do his exercise . "
Asked if he flexed his hands , Johnson said only : " It was a normal day , normal weight room , normal weights . "
His mother said she wanted to know , " Where was everybody ?
I have n't asked anyone .
I just know that we would n't be in this situation we 're in if something , something should have been done . "
Anderson said : " I really do n't know how it happened .
I will say this , when you 're spotting someone , if you 're doing what your duty is to do right then , then that can't happen .
Bottom line .
That can't happen if you 're doing what you 're supposed to be doing . "
Said Carroll : " He 's an extraordinary weightlifter and workout guy .
He 's an expert .
For that to have happened was a fluke accident . "
Mallory said Johnson has n't talked about it and she has n't asked .
" I do not want him to have flashbacks , " she said .
" You do n't forget but you have to move on , work with what you have .
God spared your life , so there 's a reason why he did .
So we 're going to work with that . "
" What I 'm doing is not wrong . "
That first time back under the bar was the toughest , Johnson said .
Anderson hovered , watching intently as Johnson lifted 185 pounds into the air .
One rep , then two .
One set , then two .
" Lot of emotions , " Johnson said of what was going through his mind .
" I was so nervous and did n't know what to do .
It felt as if it was so much weight , and it was n't at all .
As time progressed , it got easier and easier .
That day just lifting , one of those , ' Whew ! '
I was very happy , very happy . "
Johnson admitted that he had flashbacks at first , but those have faded with time and repetition .
Not long after that first day , Johnson progressed to full - blown NFL - combine preparations at Performance Gaines in Westlake Village , Calif .
It 's run by Travelle Gaines , who last year trained 32 players who were later drafted by NFL teams .
After a few weeks of daily four - hour sessions , Johnson said he is now stronger and fitter , both physically and mentally , than he was before the accident .
He hopes to bench 225 pounds at least 20 times at the NFL combine .
" Maybe more , " he said .
His immediate goal is to play Jan. 30 in the Senior Bowl in Mobile , Ala .
His name was on the list of potential participants before the accident , and Pete Carroll and Johnson 's doctors maintain it should still be there now .
They would n't uninvite a player who came back from a knee injury or shoulder injury , Carroll maintains .
This should n't be considered any different .
In fact , he and the doctors argue , players are more likely to reinjure knees and shoulders than a throat .
But what happens if he gets hit in the throat ?
" Yes , he would be hurt , " Osborne said .
" So would every other human being .
But it 's not because of his prior injury . "
Johnson has been cleared to play by both doctors , and Carroll is working the Senior Bowl personnel to see if they 'll let him play .
Both doctors and Johnson 's coach have one goal in mind now : to see Johnson carry the ball again .
What fears does Johnson have ?
" No fears , " he says resolutely .
" Knowing that if you have faith , do all things in Christ , it strengthens you no matter what .
What I 'm doing is not wrong . "
He hears his grandfather 's voice again : " God has a plan .
Run , Stafon , run . "
ESPN correspondent Shelley Smith is based in Los Angeles .
I am the founder and chair of the UK 's first ever university MENS society .
In our successful attempts to have this society established , we have come across some inexplicably vitriolic opposition .
Anti-MENS groups have been established , members of the student union have fought to silence us , and we have been misrepresented , misquoted and lied about in a variety of sources .
Why ?
How can a society , established by a teetotaller , that actively campaigns against alcohol abuse with sponsored sober pub crawls in order to raise money for local alcohol abuse shelters , be accused of being a veiled drinking club ?
How can we be accused of discrimination when 90 of our 306 members are female and we have always expressly stated that we are open to everyone , regardless of gender ?
Why are we being accused of forcing men into a specific gender identity when we will be running workshops that teach practical skills such as cookery , stitching , bike repair and DIY , regardless of the gender categories that these activities traditionally fall into , as well as holding lectures and screening documentaries exploring the historical perceptions of masculinity ?
And why are some people unsure of what a MENS society can address , when issues such as prostate and testicular cancer , higher suicide rates , domestic violence towards men , male - on - male rape , statistically overwhelming male - on - male violence , falling male performance in education , custody and paternity leave inequalities , alcoholism , higher rates of depression , and the social stigma directed towards men in supposedly feminine jobs such as nursing , affect thousands of men every day , and yet are being ignored ?
In answering these questions I do not wish to insult our opponents .
I bear no grudge against them .
The reaction of our opponents is ultimately , I believe , born of a genuine concern for women 's rights .
They are afraid that this is a slippery slope .
They are concerned that attention will be drawn away from important issues of discrimination that still affect women .
They need not be .
Standing for the welfare of one group does not necessarily mean you reject the rights or welfare of another group .
Welfare and human wellbeing do not have to be zero - sum games .
All people have something to gain from others being cared for .
For instance , is it helpful for women to have to deal with a generation of angry and confused young men who believe that their masculinity is best displayed through sexual conquest ( and the ensuing objectification of women ) and violence ( often directed towards women in later life ) ?
Does it benefit women for men to be overlooked in university welfare collectives , thereby breeding a cohort of disillusioned and resentful men , who begin to stack the blame for their being neglected on radical feminists , whose shrieks drown out the voices of the moderates ?
I have a brother and a father , and I have a sister and a mother , and I would like all of them cared for , not just one or two .
When one is happy and cared for , they are more likely to spread care and happiness to others .
Goodness then , is a renewable energy .
The MENS society is no threat to women 's rights or their welfare , and we certainly are n't a reaction to them .
We are the only ( as far as I am aware ) society at Manchester to have a code of conduct for members .
We are being trained by Nightline , the excellent listening and counselling service , with a view to establishing a drop - in centre .
We hope to work closely with the LGBT and women 's rights collectives .
Together , not as men or women or trans , but as human beings , we can make a better community , a better world .
But this can only happen through a rejection of fear and suspicion , in favour of the more powerful forces of love and trust .
The MENS society will be a part of this solution .
Will you ?
So , I was really happy just getting the Reddit alien made out of clay .
That itself impressed me ; the curvature on it was great and it was fired really well .
Then , I heard something from inside it and thought , " That 's weird . "
I was hesitant to try and pry it open at first , cuz I did n't want to break it , but the head actually came off pretty easily .
And inside , I found a miniature orange - red envelope with a note inside and a guitar pick made from a computer chip .
Little did I know there was MORE .
I came back into my dorm room and , since my roommate was asleep , the lights were off and THE THING GLOWS IN THE DARK .
Thanks a lot hydrophile =]
litl
We love ideas
that change the world .
Many big , many small .
Some smart , some not .
They succeed and they fail , but we know great ideas need to be brought to life .
At litl we do lots to make
ideas happen .
Sometimes you have to take a step down to step up .
That ’s what Google should ’ve done with its open source PC operating system Chrome OS , which the corporation demonstrated Thursday .
Instead , Google is positioning Chrome OS against Microsoft with a lightweight OS shipping with netbooks next year .
Chrome OS will function as a modified browser , enabling netbooks to handle everyday computing with web - based applications .
That ’s right :
No native software , just the web .
The philosophy behind Chrome OS is extreme :
Go the web way , all the way .
It ’s a “ paradigm shift to make the web synonymous with the computer , ” as Mashable ’s Ben Parr puts it .
But it ’s an idealistic vision that could take several years to actualize , given the currently limited state of wireless connectivity and web - based applications .
Google is aware of that , and the company is merely massaging us with this radical idea of a web - only computing experience by suggesting we try it on netbooks first .
Looking ahead , the company said it plans to share Chrome OS with more - powerful devices , including notebooks and desktops .
But we doubt consumers will show much interest in a Chrome OS netbook the way Google is currently packaging it .
With Chrome OS , the search giant is pushing an OS that enables us to do less — even less than already low - powered netbooks can do .
Web apps ca n’t let us process Microsoft Word documents , sync our iTunes libraries , or edit photos with Photoshop , for example .
Thanks to their crampy keyboards and small screens , netbooks are n’t ideal for productivity apps such as Photoshop or Microsoft Word — but you ’d be surprised at the different uses for netbooks that made them last year ’s hit product category .
Watch what happens when Google offers an OS that does n’t at least provide the option of using the aforementioned apps .
Of course , as Google ’s pitch goes , there are web alternatives to everything .
Cloud storage for backups , internet - streaming music and video services , and the Google Docs web suite for all your spreadsheet or word - processing needs .
The list goes on .
The idea is such : Give up the computing experience you ’ve grown accustomed to for over a decade .
Come live in Google ’s browser .
Why would anyone wish to do that today , tomorrow or even next year when the OS ships ?
Michael Gartenberg , a tech analyst at Interpret , sums up the state of computer use today better than anyone else : “ What we ’ve seen is most users are looking for a combination of the two : rich applications on my desktop , and the apps where I want to be connected . ”
“ This idea that I ’m somehow going to do away with rich app architectures and do everything through the browser is an old argument , and it ’s never taken root , ” he added .
The benefits of Chrome OS do n’t seem to outweigh everything Google ’s modified browser will do away with .
The pluses :
Tight security , thanks to Google ’s careful monitoring for malware in Chrome OS apps ; saving the money you ’d spend on an external hard - disk drive thanks to cloud storage ; ultimately , being able to “ stop worrying about your computer , ” as Google said in a promotional video shown at its Thursday event .
Stop worrying about our computers ?
We ’re worried about you , Google .
T - Mobile Sidekick customers should especially be disenchanted with the cloud .
Microsoft , T - Mobile and Danger hosted the data of all of T - Mobile ’s Sidekick users in the cloud , and recently the server crashed , losing everything .
Nobody ’s perfect , so it ’s conceivable that the same thing could happen with Chrome OS .
After all , Google ’s Gmail service crashed in February and again in September this year .
While no data was lost , it did cause hours of angst for people who had grown dependent on the mail service .
And then there ’s money .
Aside from losing access to the native apps we ’ve paid for on our PC , it ’s certainly imaginable that using Chrome OS could get expensive in general .
If we wished to put an always - connected , web - app - only computer to good use , we ’d need to purchase a data plan from a carrier .
This could come in the form of an EVDO card or a smartphone tethering plan — in other words , a monthly bill .
Google said Chrome OS will have caching features , so you wo n’t need internet access to do everything , but caching wo n’t provide the same offline experience as a full native application .
( Of course , our wireless problems could be solved if we could find an open Wi-Fi connection just anywhere we go .
But unless you live in Mountain View , California , where Google provides free Wi -Fi , ubiquitous , free hotspots are not part of your reality . )
With all that said , there ’s a ton of potential here for Chrome OS to be vastly appealing , and I ’m keeping an open mind .
To succeed with Chrome OS , Google should take a step down .
To start , Google should modify Chrome OS into a “ mini OS ” of sorts that can live alongside another OS , such as Windows , on a netbook .
For comparison , Phoenix Technologies offers a mini OS called HyperSpace , which some netbooks are already shipping with .
HyperSpace runs parallel to Windows as an instant - on environment , allowing netbooks to perform internet - centric functions without actually booting into Windows .
Functions include multimedia players , browsers , internet telephony , e-mail and IM .
Sounds a lot like what Chrome OS is going to be , does n’t it ?
That ’s because it ’s almost the same idea , only Phoenix Technologies is a lesser - known company ( which developed the BIOS that boots many Windows computers today , by the way ) and is taking a humbler approach — offering HyperSpace as an optional , complementary ( but not complimentary ) OS rather than a full - blown substitute for Windows .
It ’s an approach that could lead to greater results if embraced by an incredibly powerful brand like Google .
By offering Chrome OS as a free , downloadable mini OS that runs parallel to a full one , Google can still continue to expand its presence onto hardware — without having to sell the OS with netbooks .
Consumers could still try out the benefits of Chrome OS and cloud computing when it ’s convenient for them .
Then , if users wished to boot into their primary OS to back up their data or do document processing with Microsoft Word , for example , they could — a hybrid , more feature - rich experience .
Unfortunately , not everything we want is on the web just yet .
That ’s not going to radically change in one year , and not even Google can change that .
See Also :
Photo : Melanie Phung / Flickr
Maybe we should call this post the worst Cover Lies , as the most egregiously mendacious covers are often the most fun to mock .
Regardless , here 's a little tour of what some of the glossies were really saying in 2009 .
Advertisement
Looking at a whole bunch of old Cover Lies is a great way to remind yourself that ladymags just recycle the same old weight - loss , man-snagging , and faux - self - improvement tropes again and again and again .
In February Cosmo , for instance , we saw the Simple Way To Revolutionize Your Life .
Yes , ladies , it 's breathing .
Millions of women have died because they ignored this basic tip .
Advertisement
Am I normal ?
Is he ?
You might not give a shit , but one important goal of ladymags is to make sure you and your genitals are conforming enough .
So get out the measuring tape and appraise various aspects of your " down - there . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Of course , the Weight Loss Tip is also an essential part of the woman 's magazine anatomy .
These tips fall into two categories : Totally Insane , and So Basic That If It Worked Everyone Would Be Skinny .
May Glamour offers the latter .
Advertisement
Like the Weight Loss Tip , the Sex Tip changes little from month to month .
May Cosmo ( May was an especially lie-alicious month ) offered pull - out cards with tame sex fantasies — like going to a wedding in nice clothes — for those who can't even think up lame , cliched scenarios on their own .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Another tried - and - true ladymag trick is to promise scandal and deliver saccharine .
May Vogue was full of models talking about how nice other models are — just like how every celebrity in Hollywood loves every other celebrity , every famous marriage is perfect , and every star stays thin by chasing after her kids .
Advertisement
It might seem like it 's easy just to churn out monthly variations on tired themes , but the staff at magazines actually have it rough : they have to take all the free shit advertisers send to them and somehow shoehorn it into what passes for an editorial feature .
A frequent solution is the " 20 , 30 , 40 " method — age categories that are , as June Marie Claire makes clear , pretty much random .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Dividing women into age categories is n't just a way to sell cosmetics — it 's a way to promote clothes too .
August Vogue did this by putting the ancient , decrepit Christy Turlington on its cover , then filling its interior with teenage and twentysomething models supposedly showing off looks for older women .
Also a Vogue standby : the terrifying cosmetic procedure .
Here it 's " Inner Eyelid Laser Incineration . "
Advertisement
Elle is often especially good at featuring clothes that look good on no one .
As a bonus , the September issue also offered some eyeshadow " tips from hos . "
Advertisement
Advertisement
Related to the Completely Unflattering Outfit is the Completely Absurd Photo Shoot — and Vogue really excels in this department .
In October , highlights included several combinations of things that should n't be combined : tennis and breakfast in bed , boxing and evening gowns , horses and hats .
Advertisement
Of course , the secret weapon of all ladymags is that they 're completely depressing .
Whether they 're telling you that your man will leave you because you 're too successful , or doling out confusing , contradictory sartorial advice , if you read enough of them you will not want to eat , have sex , go to work , or even get dressed .
All you will be able to do is lie in bed and read magazines .
Which is exactly their plan .
The Sunshine Coast Environment Council says rapid population growth is killing the region .
The group 's spokeswoman , Narelle McCarthy , says development due to exponential growth has degraded environmental values to the point where the critical threshold has been exceeded .
She says the Sunshine Coast Council 's Biodiversity Strategy shows there is only 42 per cent of remnant vegetation left on the coast and the damage is already irreversible .
Ms McCarthy says rapid population growth needs to managed and brought down to sustainable levels .
" We need to manage the carrying capacity of the region which takes into consideration the limits to growth and the natural resource limits as well , " she said .
" Time and time again it 's come through that the Sunshine Coast community does not want to become another Gold Coast .
" We 're well on the way to doing that if we do n't rein in the population . "
Pokémon is considered the gateway to the devil ’s doorstep by a church evangelist .
The evangelist preached in his sermon that Pokémon will teach kids to kill each other with dark forces and fans of the series will not go to heaven but straight to hell from the teachings of Pokémon .
The video is kind of old so this was probably taken during the height of Pokémon in the late 90’s .
You know I would never thought about it that way until after I saw his sermon .
Also , this reminded me of that South Park episode where they were addicted to ‘ chipokemon ’ , so I did chuckled throughout the video .
A wonderfully clear and comprehensible account of how our understanding of the cosmos has reached its current state .
Do you know that in about 250BC Eratosthenes measured the size of the Earth using a stick , a well and two sunny days ?
Or what the phrase “ Mercury is in retrograde ” actually means ?
Plus , profits from this book go to a good cause : Singh himself , who is fighting to reform the ludicrous English libel laws after being sued by the British Chiropractic Association for criticising their methods .
Best - selling author Daniel Estulin states that the key issue to be discussed this week at the G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors Meeting , being held in St. Andrews , Scotland , is how to bring down the present world financial system through dumping the US dollar .
Estulin first reported on this initiative as being deliberated at the most recent Bilderberg meeting held in Greece in May 2009 .
Estulin says that the success or failure of this callous plan hinges on the ability of the US and UK representatives to convince the Russian , the Chinese and other national governments to go along with their scheme .
Estulin maintains that if the co-conspirators succeed , such sudden devaluation of the US dollar would result in the sinking of the world economy through a chain - reaction collapse of the entire world ’s financial system .
As discussed during the Bilderberg Group ’s super - secret conclave back in May , this breakdown would then be used as an excuse to launch a new world monetary system .
G20 leaders are aware that those who run the monetary markets , the monetary system , control the world .
That is why today , the world is run through a dominant one - currency monetary system and not by national credit systems .
A severe breakdown crisis would affect every corner of the world and be a prelude to instability , wars and general hostility along financial , geographical and geopolitical lines , affecting not only particular countries but also societies , cultures and whole continents .
Such a breakdown could result in a consolidation of the world ’s monetary system .
Estulin declares that the creation of the new world currency is the true meaning of globalization , which is nothing but an empire .
It is the elimination of the nation - state , the degradation of individual national liberties and the depredation of civil rights .
Collapsing the US dollar , first of all , is an assault on the structure of the United States economy toward the creation of a “ World Company . ”
This concept , Estulin states , was initially discussed at the April 1968 Bilderberg Group meeting , held in Canada at Mont Trembland , by George Ball , a senior Lehman Brothers banker and former undersecretary for economic affairs for Presidents John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson .
The aim of this World Company , as explained by Ball was “ to eliminate the archaic political structure of nation - state ” in favor of the more “ modern ” corporate structure .
Ball also called for further political integration in Europe , and then the rest of the world , as a precondition for expanding the power of a World Company , thus putting the financiers on the same levels as governments .
This initiative , the moving away from the US dollar as a world currency , is the true intention of the G20 meeting November 6 - 7 at St. Andrews in Scotland , the site of the 1998 Bilderberg conference , Estulin asserts .
###
It was truly amazing the way last week ’s employment report was hailed by many people as a sign that our troubles are over .
Here we are , having suffered huge job losses , and needing to make up the lost ground — and a report showing that we ’re still losing jobs , but not as fast , is grounds for celebration ?
Anyway , I thought it might be useful to create a sort of benchmark for the level of job growth that would really count as good news .
I start from the fact that we ’ve lost about 8 million jobs since the recession began — that ’s the official number plus the preliminary estimate of the coming benchmark revision .
I then take EPI ’s estimate that we need to add 127,000 jobs a month .
EPI points out that when you put these numbers together , they say that to return to pre-crisis unemployment within two years we ’d have to add 580,000 jobs a month .
That ’s not going to happen .
But let ’s set a more modest goal : return to more or less full employment in 5 years –which means seven lean years of depressed employment .
To keep up with population growth over those 7 years , the United States would have had to add 84 times 127,000 or 10.668 million jobs .
( If that sounds high , bear in mind that we added more than 20 million jobs over the 8 Clinton years ) .
Add in the need to make up lost ground , and we ’re at around 18 million jobs over the next five years — or 300,000 a month .
So that ’s a useful benchmark .
Even if we add 300,000 jobs a month , we ’re looking at a prolonged period of suffering — a huge cost from the Great Recession .
So that ’s kind of a minimal definition of success .
Anything less than that , and it ’s bad news .
It sort of puts that wonderful report that we only lost 11,000 jobs in perspective , does n’t it ?
Felix Barbour
Prison Planet.com
Friday , October 2 , 2009
When the scene started to unfold in Hardin , Montana , my first reaction could best be described as an overwhelming feeling of despair .
The thought that our worst fears were coming true so soon literally sent chills down my spine .
Talk of foreign troops on American soil and secret , empty detention centers appeared to be taking shape before our very eyes .
Scary stuff indeed .
But as the hours and days unfolded and more light was shined upon this story , it became less of a looming threat and more like an engrossing tabloid scandal .
One look at the Napoleonic Michael Hilton ( or whatever one of the several aliases you ’ve come to know him by ) soft soaping the locals was reminiscent of some of the characters I ’d met during my 17 years as a private investigator .
I was occasionally employed to inquire into the backgrounds of a client ’s potential business partner (s ) and over the years I developed a knack of “ sizing - up ” some of these slick operators into often stereotypical profiles .
Hilton was one such character .
The very choice of a recognizably wealthy name for an alias sent up an immediate red flag .
Then the other familiar flashy dresser driving expensive cars , staying in the priciest digs in town and throwing money around like so much confetti is essential to a good con .
These things are meant to distract the masses from responsible business practice by mesmerizing them with “ bread and circuses ” .
The curiosity about this guy led me to the web - site americanpolicegroup.com where I literally broke out in laughter .
This thing looks like somebody ’s wet dream ; a fantasy company one might create for a video game or a big screen adaptation of a comic book .
I mean look at those screen shots : Choppers coming out of an “ Apocolypse Now ” sunset ?
Soldiers in action poses with automatic pistols in each hand .
Who are they trying to appeal to ?
16 year olds ?
Certainly not serious clients looking for a company that practices restraint and professionalism .
These images would best be suited on a poster advertising the next Quentin Tarantino flick .
Talk about ambitious .
Not even “ Blackwater ” has the resources that this company claims to have .
And the array of services that they offer is quite frankly absurd .
The licensing , personnel and insurance alone would be on a scale that would make it impossible for this company to be kept under the radar so long or to rise out of nowhere so soon .
[ efoods ]
It was during this perusal that something occurred to me .
In all the articles I have read , no one addressed the issue of the services they advertise and the licenses required for those services .
I am very familiar with laws pertaining to Private Investigators and I know that the State of California is very strict with how a licensed private investigator conducts his business .
“ American Police Force ” is a California corporation and in order to advertise for investigative services in the State of California , one must be licensed and the licensee must advertise using the name that the license is issued under .
I went to the website of www.bsis.ca.gov/online_services/verify_license.shtml.
This is the website for the California Department of Consumer Affairs , Bureau of Security and Investigative Services ( BSIS ) .
They have a database that anyone can use to verify a license .
You simply put in the name the company is advertising under and it will tell you whether that company is a licensed firm .
As I suspected , no matches were found .
They are not licensed to operate as a Private Investigator nor as a Security Operator ( required to provide bodyguard services ) .
I knew this would be the case going in because the State of California will not issue a license to a company that has the word “ police ” as part of its company name .
Use of the word “ police ” in the context of any license is strictly forbidden by California State law .
On the contact page of “ American Police Force ” is the phone number ( 714 ) 647-3000 .
This is a Santa Ana , California number and is listed as their “ West Coast Mainline ” .
Providing this number for the purposes of inquiring about investigative services as they are advertised on the American Police Force website is a violation of California State law and punishable under the Private Investigator ’s
Act which states :
“ Unlicensed persons who represent themselves as licensed or act as private investigators are committing a misdemeanor and may be jailed for up to one year and fined $ 5,000 . ”
As an added measure , I attempted to reach someone by phone at BSIS to do a verbal verification but found they were closed today ( Oct. 2 ) in accordance with the Governor ’s furlough mandate .
I was able to file a complaint online at www.bsis.ca.gov/industries_regulated/uaau.shtml with the “ Unlicensed Activity Action Unit ” so they could follow up .
I ’m sure the more complaints filed will result in a better chance that this issue receives the attention it deserves .
Returning to the contact page of “ American Police Force ” also brought to my attention an “ East Coast Mainline ” phone number of ( 202 ) 379-4910 .
This is a Washington D.C. number .
After some research I determined that responsibility for security and private investigator ’s licenses came under the jurisdiction of the “ District of Columbia Security Officer ’s Manager ’s Branch ” .
I phoned them at ( 202 ) 671-0500 and spoke with an Officer Francis who verified that “ American Police Force ” was not licensed to operate as a private investigation agency or as a security firm .
She confirmed that if “ American Police Force ” was in fact advertising and offering investigative services under that name and directed inquiries to that Washington D.C. number , then they would be in violation of the law .
She sounded very concerned and assured me that she would conduct inquiries into the matter “ today ” .
When I asked if she had heard of “ American Police Force ” or the scandal in Montana concerning them she said she had not .
The one conclusion I ’m drawing from all this is that “ American Police Force ” is a scam of epic proportions .
If , in fact , there is some larger entity driving this company from behind the scenes , it appears ( at least to this observer ) that they are an utterly incompetent , motley crew of bumbling con artists that may ( at best ) inspire an interesting screenplay along the lines of a low - budget “ Ocean ’s 11 ” …. except with a very ugly cast .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
" Ok , so , this is total crap , we sit the kids down to watch ' The Charlie Brown Christmas Special ' and our muslim president is there , what a load ..... try to convince me that was n't done on purpose .
Ask the man if he believes that Jesus Christ is the Son of God and he will give you a 10 minute disertation ( sic ) about it ....w... hen the answer should simply be ' yes ' .... "
Wiseman 's rant continued on with -
" ... you obama people need to move to a muslim country ... oh wait , that 's America .... pitiful . "
and this one -
" you know , our forefathers had it written in the original Constitution that ONLY property owners could vote , if that has stayed in there , things would be different ........ "
Of course , Wiseman is trying to play this all down when questioned by reporters .
" It 's ridiculous for someone to send my Facebook post , " Wiseman said .
" You guys are trying to make a mountain out of a molehill . "
Have fun with that excuse Mr. Wiseman ( odd name for an obvious MORON )
We had a massive lightning storm in Toronto last night .
I set my camera to do 15 second exposures at 17 seconds intervals for three hours and from all thise shots more than 60 of them had lightning in them .
The image above is made out of two of those captures .
Single ones are in the interactive flash image below , or check the highres versions on my flickr stream .
Move your mouse horizontally on the image to see different images .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 15 , 2009
Newspapers in Pakistan have accused the United States of using Blackwater and other agencies to conduct bombings and targeted assassinations in the country , according to MEMRI translations .
MEMRI is a neocon propaganda outfit with connections to Israeli intelligence .
“ Evidence of the private U.S. security firm Blackwater ’s involvement in the targeted killings of high - ranking Pakistani military officials has been found , ” reports Haftroza Al - Qalam , a Pakistan weekly published in Urdu , one of the two official languages of Pakistan .
“ According to a report in the Urdu- language magazine Haftroza Al - Qalam , the recent killings of Pakistani military officials represent an old method used by Blackwater in Iraq and South American countries . ”
Journalist Jeremy Scahill reported on the CIA - Blackwater assassination program in August , 2009 .
See the second part of the report .
Pakistan media and other sources have reported on a Blackwater presence in Pakistan since 2008 .
“ The notorious US security firm Blackwater has reportedly established a presence in the restive tribal belt on the Afghan borders to help the FBI and CIA track down Al - Qaeda and Taliban militants allegedly hiding there and protect USAID projects , ” Aamir Latif reported for IslamOnline .
USAID is a a documented CIA front .
The fact USAID is essentially a CIA dummy corporation was largely confirmed when the CIA released its ‘ Family Jewels ’ documents in 2007 .
On Saturday , The Daily News in Pakistan reported that Tehreek - e - Taliban Pakistan ( described as the main Taliban militant umbrella group in Pakistan ) blamed recent bombings in the country on the ISI ( Pakistan ’s intelligence agency ) , the Awami National Party , the Pakistan People ’s Party and Blackwater .
“ All these killings by the infamous Blackwater are aimed at maligning the Taliban , ” TTP spokesman Azam Tariq told the Daily Times .
“ The TTP does not believe in killing of innocent citizens , and we will hold those who are doing this accountable . ”
In August of this year , The New York Times reported on a Blackwater assassination program .
“ The Central Intelligence Agency in 2004 hired outside contractors from the private security contractor Blackwater USA as part of a secret program to locate and assassinate top operatives of Al Qaeda , according to current and former government officials , ” Mark Mazzetti reported .
[ efoods ]
The CIA ’s highly compartmentalized covert program was not reported to Congress .
“ According to current and former government officials , former Vice President Dick Cheney told C.I.A. officers in 2002 that the spy agency did not need to inform Congress because the agency already had legal authority to kill Qaeda leaders . ”
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said the CIA broke the law by failing to notify Congress about the secret assassination program .
Director of National Intelligence Dennis C. Blair , however , said the CIA did not violate the law when it failed to inform lawmakers about the program .
Beginning in 2002 , the CIA conducted numerous strikes against al - Qaeda targets in Pakistan using unmanned aerial vehicles like the MQ - 1 Predator and the larger MQ - 9 Reaper .
The Obama administration not only continued the strikes but dramatically increased the pace .
Journalist and author Douglas Valentine says the CIA program in Iraq constituted a “ new Phoenix Program . ”
The original Phoenix program was used in Vietnam to assassinate communist leaders and terrorize the population into submission .
In Iraq , according to Valentine ( who references journalist Seymour Hersh ) , the CIA ’s assassination program was used “ not just Ba’ath Party members , but anyone who gets their name on the CIA ’s blacklist of political and ideological enemies . ”
“ The recent bomb explosions in Pakistan are of the same nature previously conducted by Blackwater in Iraq , ” Haftroza Al - Qalam reports .
“ The same people are involved in all the terror attacks , including the assassination of Benazir Bhutto and the explosions in Peshawar . ”
Cheney had former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto killed because she decided to back out of a deal not to return to the country after nine years in exile .
Pakistan ’s former chief of army staff , General Mirza Aslam Beg , told the Tehran Times in September that he believes Blackwater was directly involved in the assassinations of former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto and former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri .
Beg said former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf had given Blackwater the green light to carry out terrorist operations in the cities of Islamabad , Rawalpindi , Peshawar , and Quetta .
“ Beg stated that the former Pakistani prime minister was killed in an international conspiracy because she had decided to back out of the deal through which she had returned to the country after nine years in exile , ” the Times reported .
Self - made billionaire and business tycoon Hariri was assassinated on February 14 , 2005 , when his motorcade was bombed in Beirut .
Seymour Hersh has accused Cheney of being involved in the Hariri assassination .
After the assassination of Hariri , the U.S. accused Syria , although conclusive evidence has never been presented proving Syrian involvement in the murder .
During the election , Obama declared his intention of striking Pakistan if elected .
“ If we have actionable intelligence about high - value terrorist targets and President Musharraf wo n’t act , we will , ” Obama said .
He said he would be willing to attack inside Pakistan with or without approval from the Pakistani government .
Obama ’s Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , indicated during her Senate confirmation hearing that the new administration would “ not relent in holding Pakistan to account for any shortfalls in the continuing battle against extremists , ” The Washington Post reported in January .
The “ extremists ” in Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan , the Taliban and al - Qaeda , were created by the CIA and the ISI .
“ Obama has made it clear that his administration ’s response to the growth of insurgent Afghan forces and the worsening security situation facing the US and its puppet regime in Afghanistan , as well as the growing strength of anti-US and anti-government insurgents in Pakistan , is an expansion of American military violence both in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The White House and the military are treating both countries as part of a single military theater , ” Barry Grey noted in February .
Obama has escalated the “ protracted political chaos ” in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Chaos is designed to create a political vacuum and allow the U.S. to dominate the region .
Rockefeller minion Zbigniew Brzezinski admitted as much in his book , The Grand Chessboard : American Primacy and its Geostrategic Imperatives .
“ To put it in a terminology that harkens back to the more brutal age of ancient empires , the three grand imperatives of imperial geostrategy are to prevent collusion and maintain security dependence among the vassals , to keep tributaries pliant and protected , and to keep the barbarians from coming together , ” Brzezinski wrote .
CIA bombing campaigns and assassinations , conducted by the mercenary group Blackwater ( Now Xe Services ) , are part of an effort to keep the “ barbarians from coming together ” and create a situation requiring a continuation and expansion of the contrived global war on terrorism .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
heh heh
This game was great !
I rate so many things on newgrounds ...
I have been using newgroudns for a good 8 + years or so , and this game is fun , and also includes a unique style of gameplay , I love the absorbing ability !
I would strongly suggest ignorng the lower score reviews as they do n't have legit reason for their low score , such as " boyish game " seriously wtf ...
I take it he did n't even play the game -.-; epic fail , and as for " The absorb abilities wear off too fast " seriously dude ... it 's a freakin game , what do you want him to do ... hand you the power ups and shit ?
You gotta earn them !
It 's what makes the game Challenging ! ;o
Good work !
p.s. >.> this is the longest review I have ever written ...
~ Leviathanz~
Global Warming Is a Politcal Science
Last week , the global warming movement crashed , along with its holier - than - thou “ only we can save the world ” aura of empirical certitude .
It ’s more like “ political ” science now — literally — and there are 3,000 e-mails to prove it .
Down with the ship went the last semblance of unblinking , unthinking willingness to submit to draconian , Procrustean “ cap and trade ” legislation against fossil fuels .
The cause of the crash was a batch of purloined e-mails from the University of East Anglia and its so - called Climate Research Unit ( Climate Research Fabrication Unit is more like it ) .
When the contents of the e-mails hit the fan , the U.K.
Telegraph headlined that “ This Is the Worst Scientific Scandal of Our Generation . ”
On this last point , we can now see how much of the conventional wisdom about carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) , and related “ global warming , ” marches to a drumbeat that permits no foot to fall out of step .
The East Anglia e-mails reveal a transnational cabal of scientists whose ethics and methods mirror those of Stalin ’s favorite biologist , Comrade Trofim Lysenko .
That is , these modern Merlins of global warming have massaged the climate data to fit their preconceived anti-CO2 theories .
For many years , the climate change Godfathers have humiliated and intimidated scientists who dared to disagree .
They ’ve squashed dissent .
They ’ve blackballed academic journals that did n’t toe the line of politically correct global warming wisdom .
And they ’ve done it all under the rubric of “ peer - reviewed ” science — where they are the peers über alles .
Nice work , if you can get it .
The global warming crowd claims that the climate change is a phenomenon that ’s wholly man-made — mostly in the industrialized West , and particularly by industries in the U.S. of A .
The science is settled , they claim .
You ca n’t argue with it .
No , indeed .
And how convenient !
But as someone who studied geology ( admittedly at Harvard , where they ’ve been teaching the subject only since 1787 ) and has been in and around the earth sciences for over 35 years , I always wondered why the proposed remedies for global warming and climate change are not really solutions to the alleged problem .
I mean , the so - called remedies for global warming mostly call for U.S. and other Western nations to pay high - energy taxes on carbon - based fuels .
And the remedies call for the West — especially the U.S. — dramatically to curtail CO2 - emitting energy sources .
Oh , and Wall Street will be able to trade “ carbon credits , ” like it ’s done with such success in the field of mortgage - backed securities and the like .
Meanwhile , under the proposed cap - and - trade schemes , the developing world gets a whole banana boat full of unspecified “ climate reparations ” from the West , all while burning lots of coal and using more and more energy from any and every source .
Huh ?
To my way of seeing things , the proposed remedies for global warming never added up .
Now , with the release of the East Anglia e-mails , we know that things were never supposed to add up .
The whole global warming and remedies process is designed to lasso a perceived “ environmental ” problem and use it to fulfill a laundry list of campus - Marxist political agendas .
And quite a bit of the mainstream
West swallowed it , hook , line and sinker .
Now that the cat is out of the bag ( to change metaphors ) , is cap and trade dead ?
Have we reached a teachable moment about things like future energy use and industrial development ?
Will we see a period of backing down and thorough re-examination ?
Or are there too many big shots , with too much ego and too much money , already too invested in the man-caused global warming process to admit of any doubt ?
Follow the money , I suppose .
Then again , there might not be much money to follow .
Sometimes , deliverance comes from the strangest places …
Until we meet again ,
Byron King
December 10 , 2009
Firstborns are more selfish than other youngsters ... but are more likely to achieve greatness
Need a helping hand ?
Do n't ask an eldest child .
Firstborn children are more selfish and less co-operative than other youngsters , a study has found .
It is thought that the arrival of a younger brother or sister has long - lasting impact on the eldest child 's personality , leaving them wary of others and their motives .
The study shows firstborns , such as Kylie Minogue , are more wary of others whereas younger siblings , like Dannii , were found to be more easygoing
The French researchers asked a group of men and women to take part in a financial game designed to assess co-operation .
They played in pairs and each started the game with the same number of Euros .
Player A was asked to give some money to Player B .
The donated cash trebled in value on receipt then Player B was asked to give some money back .
The risk that Player B may return less money than he was given , or even nothing at all , means that Player A is heavily reliant on trust .
More than 400 volunteers played the game , including 178 firstborns , 48 middle children , 125 lastborns and 66 only children .
Scrutiny of tactics showed that the firstborns gave away 25 per cent less cash when in the role of player A .
They also passed less back when in the role of Player B , this week 's New Scientist reports .
Surprisingly , the only children were just as generous as the lastborn and middle children .
The Montpelier University researchers said this showed that the reason for being more co-operative was not just because a child had never known a world without brothers and sisters .
Instead , it appears that something common to firstborns ' upbringing makes it harder for them to trust others .
The researchers said : ' Shifting from only to firstborn status following the birth of a younger sibling seems to lead the eldest child to reduce his or her co-operative behaviour . '
Successful firstborns : Author J K Rowling and billionaire presenter Oprah Winfrey
In other words , the shock of finding themselves no longer the centre of their parents ' world dents their trust , making them warier of people 's motives .
The study is far from the first to link ranking in the family pecking order with personality .
Firstborns have been shown to have higher IQs .
This may be because they benefit from having their parents ' undivided attention at the start of their lives .
But mollycoddling of the first baby also leads to eldest children growing up to be more conservative , uptight and anxious .
In contrast , younger siblings tend to be more easy - going , more unconventional and more able to cope with stress .
Research shows younger children are likely to be shorter than their older siblings .
It is thought that the competition of brothers and sisters for food , attention , money and love , takes its toll on growth .
Worst off is the youngest child in a family of three or more , who , facing the fiercest fight for dwindling resources , tends to be shortest of all .
Scientist , soldier , security guard and now silent cat : these are the tales of Half - Life the first .
The mod known as Cat - Life was announced some time back , with its concept hitting twin notes of absurdity and “ that makes a lot of sense , somehow . ”
It ’s Half - Life with a cat .
I ’m pretty sure you were n’t able to work that out for yourself from the name , so I thought I ’d better explain it for you .
It ’s the first - person - shooting videogame Half - Life , but starring a domestic feline instead of an improbably athletic physics dork .
Do you understand ?
With a cat .
Oh , you still do n’t get it , do you ?
Well , a demo of the mod ’s just sprung up .
Perhaps that ’ll explain all .
While the idea evokes an immediate chuckle , the game itself plays it largely straight .
I ’d have thought the rampantly silly concept needs to be acknowledged as such , rather than pitching moggy adventures as gritty survival horror .
But then , perhaps that ’s all the joke it needs .
It ’s certainly pulled off a cat ’s perspective , the low - slung crawl and the natural night vision , but a cat pushing buttons and swiping at Headcrabs does n’t quite ring true .
Giving up upon encountering and out of reach ledge and letting out a sustained , desultory yowl or just curling up for a nap in an air vent would feel more authentic .
Though a game of sleeping and screaming would n’t be for everyone , I ’ll admit .
Essentially , it ’s still a bit too Freemanesque , at least as far as this limited and very early demo goes – the key difference being the beast ’s limited offensive powers .
Headcrabs : fine .
Everything else : runrunrun !
This means the challenges are primarily environmental , figuring out ledges and jumps to progress .
Which makes it slightly sad that it ’s using HL1 rather than HL2 , as Source ’s smashy - surfaces and balance trickery would have suited feline frolics that much more .
Still , I ’m keen to see where this goes , and what new ’n ’odd challenges it heaps upon poor kitty .
Here ’s a year old video that gives a good sense of how the demo moves and plays :
As BitTorrent sites have developed over the years , many have added a plethora of features to enhance the user experience .
A brand new torrent site called Nerrot , which officially launches its beta today , takes completely the opposite approach .
Google ’s homepage has always been known for its minimalist presentation and the lack of distractions has proven a hit with users .
Earlier this month Google turned on a new fade - in effect , which meant that until the user ’s mouse was moved , everything except the logo , search field and two buttons beneath it remained hidden .
Nerrot , a new torrent site launching today in early beta , somehow manages to make even Google look cluttered .
Nicholas , the programmer behind Nerrot , told TorrentFreak that his motto is “ Simply , simplify , simplistically ! ”
This philosophy is evident in the site ’s interface and operation .
Nerrot bills itself as an “ instant torrent downloader ” and is very easy to use .
Simply type in the name of the material you ’re looking for as accurately as possible into the search field and the appropriate torrent is immediately delivered .
Behind the scenes , Nerrot does all the boring stuff automatically .
The torrent file it delivers to you aims to be the most relevant to your search and should also be one that connect you to the healthiest available swarm .
In Torrent Freak ’s tests Nerrot delivered on its promises most of the time .
Nicholas told us that the site is currently in “ 0.5 beta ” and new features such as filtering results based on the amount of seeds or leeches , an XML or database - driven auto - complete , and an option to select which trackers Nerrot should search for torrents .
These will be realized with “ … juicy javascript , modals and ajax goodness , ” and will remain optional and hidden .
Although Nerrot is quite good at picking the right torrents , some users might feel like they are no longer in control when the torrent files are served automatically .
In some cases this might even lead to downloading ‘ fake ’ torrents as the site offers no option to check for comments or inflated peer ratios .
Tread with caution .
Update :
The sites has returned after several months of downtime .
[ After yesterday 's honorable mentions for Gamasutra 's ' Game Of The Decade ' , as voted and commented on by hundreds of our readers , we 're counting down your Top 12 games of the last ten years , from Wii Sports through The Sims all the way to the top-voted title . ]
Gamasutra has just completed its reader - specific Game Of The Decade vote -- allowing the game professionals reading the site to choose their best game of the last 10 years , with in - depth commentary .
Readers responded to the following question - anonymously , if they wished - naming a game released this decade for any console , handheld , PC or online platform , and why they believe it outdid any other :
" Gamasutra is asking its users to vote for their ' Game Of The Decade ' -- the video game title that they think was the absolute best of the last ten years , from January 2000 to date .
Name the game , and then explain why it mattered to you and what differentiates it from the multitude of others released in the last decade ? "
The best responses are being compiled into this two - part article .
Yesterday , we put together some of the most notable games that did n't make the larger list , both in terms of them just missing the required amount of votes , and those that got particularly compelling write - ups .
And today , we 'll be counting down the Top 12 games -- ranked by the most votes -- of the last ten years ( as opposed to a Top 10 , thanks to a four - way tie for the game in 8th place on the countdown ) .
We 're also including many of your comments that helped the chart end up as it did .
Without further ado , here is the full Top 12 -- as voted by Gamasutra readers -- for our Game Of The Decade :
12 . Wii Sports ( Nintendo Wii , 2006 )
The Nintendo Wii's pack - in game introduced players to the console 's motion - sensing controllers , and won over our readers with its innovative gameplay .
Carlos Obregon , Ennoia Creations : " The Game of the Decade has to be a title that impacted in a profound way all of the industry , like Super Mario 64 did making 3D games the newest standard in 1996 .
There have been great titles but none of them has been groundbreaking as Wii Sports .
" As a traditional gamer I found Wii Sports to be a little simple , but it was the first game that got me gaming with my family and non-gaming friends .
The game is also pretty significant because it was a system seller for the Nintendo Wii , a platform that expanded the market .
" And not only that , Wii Sports was also the first game to show that you can innovate in the I/ O paradigm that has reign for 35 years , while others were trying to push the hardware paradigm .
As the Microsoft´s Natal and Sony's Gem prove , next kinds of controllers are the next gaming frontier . "
Anonymous : " Wii Sports .
The reason has been explained a lot : it opened the game culture to a wider public in a way no other has done it before .
I 've thought of Grand Theft Auto Vice City for this title but it failed to open the video game experience to the general public , although it got the status of video games as something very serious . "
11 . The Sims ( PC , 2000 )
EA Maxis expanded on the gameplay concepts in its SimCity series with The Sims , putting players in charge of a " digital dollhouse " and the residents within .
Numerous sequels and expansions later , our readers agree that the core gameplay remains as compelling as ever .
John Richardson , LiquidBits : " The Sims , for me , defined this decade .
I can remember in 2000 picking it up for the first time , completely pessimistic as to how such an idea could actually play out .
It seemed like a concept that would be impossible to make fun -- the mundane , often trivial lives of virtual dolls , essentially .
But it was very much the opposite .
" The game turned tasks as simple as sleeping or meeting people into a kind of social experiment , merging the postmodern acknowledgment of fictionalizing reality with the emotional human - computer connection that most game designers strive for .
It made addicting gameplay out of something simple -- deceptively so , as the mechanics gained complexity as Sims progressed through their lives .
" Everything felt so carefully defined , yet chaotic ; the fun came in seeing how far you could ( or would ) push your little denizens .
Beyond the gameplay itself , The Sims ushered in a wave of new gamers into what was in the 90s still a very narrow demographic .
For better or worse , it also showed us how a franchise could turn into a genre unto itself , along with a once unique and now much - imitated business model .
" Love it or hate it -- and I know very few who were n't hooked on the original Expansion - less version -- The Sims is important , and has left an indelible mark on gaming . "
Jason Withrow , George Brown College : " It 's going to have to be The Sims .
Will Wright 's once - upon - a- time architectural simulation foreshadowed and paved the way for the wider , if fairer weather , audience that exists today .
" While the current environment would not be possible without the developments in smaller , shorter games ( which started prior to 2000 ) and naturally the influence of the Wii and iPhone in more recent years , the initial splash that started the wider social acceptance of games , and proved the rest was economically possible , starred people with floating gems above their heads . "
10 . Metroid Prime ( GameCube , 2002 )
Retro Studios ' first - person take on Nintendo 's exploration - based adventure series was greeted with cautious optimism from fans when it was originally announced .
The series has since earned widespread acclaim -- both from critics and from our readers -- and was a top seller on the GameCube , receiving a subsequent Wii compilation .
Ephriam Knight : " While many developers struggled to bring their 2D franchises to the 3D world of modern gaming , Nintendo raced past in leaps and bounds .
This game continued the tradition that Nintendo started when bringing 2D mainstays to the 3D landscape .
" Starting with Super Mario 64 , then Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time , Nintendo continued proving that classic games from the 2D past can be reborn in 3D and still retain their charm and gameplay .
This game kept true to the mood and setting set by Super Metroid while bringing in new mechanics specifically needed for traversing a 3D landscape .
" The developers also pushed off the temptation to turn it into just another run of the mill FPS .
While many gamers lament the lack of ' dual analog ' support for the game , they miss the fact that the game is not about the action , but the puzzle aspects of the weapon system .
Any developer looking to resurrect a franchise from older 2D platforms should be looking at Metroid Prime to see how it should be done . "
Tim Roberts : " Metroid Prime is still probably the best example of a game that establishes a believable game world through meticulous attention to detail and an interesting blend of FPS , adventure , and platforming that makes it truly unique . "
Tyler McCarthy : " It brings in new dynamics to a well defined genre to great success .
Never is the player bogged down by only one part of the game .
The non linear level design allows the player to work though a stage again but not as repetition but as a new experience with a new upgrade that changes how the room is seen .
All of this adds up to a new style of game , one that had not been seen before . "
THE rotting carcasses of thousands of wild camels who have died of thirst in Australia 's desert Outback are polluting vital waterholes and sacred sites , officials said .
The Central Land Council , which administers Aboriginal land in the nation 's arid centre , said the corpses were poisoning water supplies , describing scenes of mass carnage .
" Some fall into waterholes and wo n't be able to get out so they 'll rot within the water , others will chase the last remains of any water in these areas and start to compete with each other , '' the council 's land management chief David Alexander said .
" We 're ending up with these grisly scenes of camels in every stage of life , death and decay around waterholes . "
Thousands of pools , creeks and other water supplies for local indigenous tribes were rendered undrinkable by the decay , with a " significant health risk ' ' when they were refilled by rain , he said .
Without significant rainfall , Mr Alexander said tens of thousands more camels in the drought - gripped region faced a similar fate , with dire environmental and cultural consequences .
" It has the capacity to change the flow of water , it changes the character of these places and some of the specific features around them have their own cultural significance , they have stories associated with them , ceremonial songs , '' he said .
Native animals were also perishing as a result of the mass deaths , with " massive ' ' impacts on biodiversity , he said .
Meanwhile officials are preparing for an aerial cull of 3000 of the humped pests near the remote Northern Territory community of Docker River with helicopters and snipers .
Protracted drought drew the camels into the township in search of water , leaving some residents cowering in their homes as they smashed through water mains and invaded the airstrip .
Amnesty said all avenues of appeal had now been exhausted in Saudi courts against the trio's March conviction for being in the company of members of the opposite sex who are not close relatives .
If a person takes a critical look at society today and its dominant institutions and is honest about what they see , it will be the following :
1. Large corporations are increasingly pushing out small businesses .
2. Large corporations have a somewhat standardized mode of operation .
3 . There is little to no effort within these corporations by the workers to unionize .
4 . The individual , within the corporation , has very little chance of getting a fair wage and benefits without collective bargaining .
5 . The individual , within the corporation , has very little chance of being promoted if they have pro-worker proclivities .
6 . The standard method of unionization is not working .
7 . The standard method of unionization is not working is because of worker intimidation and the fact that there 's an inordinate burden placed on individuals or small factions whom are easy to clear from the ranks , effectively eradicating the threat .
8. Unions are far too conservative and lack the creativity , vitality , and ingenuity we need from them .
9 . Corporations and private businesses alike provide monetary support for political candidates who favor a for - profit foreign policy and a militarized role of government at the expense of social welfare programs at home that favor and liberate workers .
10 .
The many smaller hierarchies ( businesses ) are propping up the larger hierarchy ( the state ) and the larger hierarchy is propping up the smaller hierarchies .
11 . Unions provide monetary support for political candidates who claim to favor a non-profit , diplomacy - based foreign policy and a de-militarized role of government in favor of social welfare programs at home that favor and liberate workers .
12 . Candidates backed by unions are more loyal to businesses and corporations than they are to unions and workers .
13 .
The reason for this is that the business lobby has the most money and also because -- unlike unions -- it 's very organized , particularly in the establishment of Chambers of Commerce .
If industry represents a battlefield , then " organized " labor represents an army which has incurred many consecutive defeats and , as a result , is no longer seen as a threat .
Organized labor has become stiff and rigid and torpid .
The current method of unionizing workers must be abandoned in favor of a more inspired one .
If it were really warfare , continuing a method that has n't been working would be out of the question as it would be too costly in human lives .
Indeed , so is this one .
Often , a smaller , battered army will resort to guerrilla tactics .
It suffices to say that this is what we 're doing now , metaphorically - speaking .
We 're not really constituting an existential threat to the established order .
We 're just kind of being annoying .
This is obviously no victory plan .
We 're just trying to stay alive as a recognizable movement .
Another metaphor does , on the other hand , represent a victory plan .
And that is the metaphor of maneuver warfare .
Currently , we are spreading out our " army " and operating in the shadows .
We 're fighting individual battles wherein we 're always the underdog and relying on the probability that we 'll win at least a few of them .
But , this way , it 's all but assured we 'll lose more battles than we 'll win and we continue to lose " soldiers " and waste resources .
In order to win , we must put more emphasis on each individual battle and take them one at a time .
We must choose our battles wisely .
We must come together as one solidified entity and " attack " key positions together .
In such a battle , we will NOT be the underdog .
They will be at the disadvantage .
We will overwhelm them .
We will bombard them will artillery .
And , ultimately , we will capture that position and it will be a symbolic , statement victory ; a morale - boosting victory .
This is -- as psychologists have shown -- how the downtrodden are empowered .
And we will gain strength because of it .
Then we can use that new strength and momentum to capture other positions ( again , one at a time ) .
And so on and so forth ; moving as one , unified army ; never splitting up , never fracturing .
Just infiltrating and sweeping across " enemy " territory , ultimately leading up to one , final , deciding battle that will determine the war in either our or their favor .
And one could argue that we would have the advantage ; being battle - worn and impassioned soldiers .
This is using maneuver warfare as a metaphor for the de-centralization of private Feudalism .
Not only do we unionize the workers , but we democratize corporate governments , further insuring they will be agents that represent the interests of the employees , not preserving them as Feudal dictatorships .
You do n't take positions on the battlefield in order to leave them in the hands of the enemy , only to see them take back everything you 've fought for .
You take the position , and you make it your own .
Or , at the very least , half your own .
This , you could argue , was the mistake of previous labor movements .
They organized without democratizing .
If this kind of talk scares your traditional American sensibilities , consider this quote from Marjorie Kelly :
" Calls for economic democracy may be painted as anti-business , but that 's a bit like painting George Washington as anti-government . "
I want to stress that this is no minor situation .
Large amounts of money are at stake in this and the rest of many peoples ' lives are , too .
It has to be taken seriously by us because it is assured that it will be taken seriously by the opposition .
Whether people organize or not will decide the quality of the rest of all our lives .
And maybe our deaths .
A victory for labor anywhere is a victory for laborers everywhere .
We do represent a unified force .
As business operates this way , so should we .
Right now , we do n't .
Our jobs often deprive us of an avenue for our passion and ingenuity .
We 're terrorized almost to the point of insanity by the stifling drudgery and formality .
This spills over into other spheres of life .
And people continually ask why .
It goes unarticulated ; unexpressed .
The labor movement is that missing avenue .
The workplace , more often than not , represents a closed society where candid self - expression is opposed and suppressed , even by those who stand to benefit from it most .
We do n't have the strength in us to fight a personal revolution .
The system is designed to prevent it .
And one need not see labor activism as distinct from anti-war activism or environmental activism or the like .
As I said before , business interests and militarization go hand in hand .
Labor interests strive for de-militarization and dissolution of concentrated power .
At the risk of sounding hyperbolic , one might say pro-business is pro-war , while pro-labor is pro-peace .
Sure , there 's nuance , but ultimately it represents a fundamental truth .
This is the case because democracy removes the results of personal whimsy from the equation .
One person , or one small group of people -- investors , for example -- is more likely to declare or support war than many people are .
In fact , labor activism may be the most productive avenue for anti-war activists to take , as it goes after the money supply of those who support an aggressive , for - profit foreign policy ; knowingly or unknowingly .
Likewise , labor activism may be the most productive avenue for environmental activists to take , as it goes after the money supply of those who support a selfish , for - profit environmental policy .
Would a democratically - run corporation have instigated and refused to be held accountable for the Bhopal disaster ?
For Exxon - Valdez ?
For the spill of 14,000 gallons of oil into the Ecuadorian Amazon ?
Would it oppose climate change legislation ?
Many people are calling for economic democracy .
I 'm convinced it 's soon to reach a fever pitch .
Taking a garrison means changing its many destructive policies .
As history shows us , maneuver warfare has the power to defeat empires .
With the fall of Constantinople , the Roman Empire collapsed .
As former " economic hitman " John Perkins says , other countries are powerless to stop the aggression of the all - mighty American Empire .
We have to stop its destructive practices from the inside .
And , he says , this means economic democracy .
The pyramid must fall , and together we can take it down .
To seize a stronghold , we bombard a company 's workers with propaganda ( for lack of a better word ) .
Propaganda , as many have shown , is not always deceptive .
It 's often honest .
We need a whole new canon of tactics and names to go along with them .
If they are a call center , we flood the phone lines .
If they are a big box store , we swarm it and buy single items and crowd the check - out lines .
It will be economically debilitating and impossible to guard against .
There will be no way to distinguish between us and regular customers .
It can go on as long as it needs to .
We can ask workers for assistance and talk to them about joining a union .
We tell them we 've talked to all their co-workers and tell them their co-workers want to unionize .
We do n't let up until they at least vote on a union .
We do n't pressure them to join any particular union .
Such is against our principles and is counter - productive .
We just want them to get the chance to unionize .
And once they do , we recruit as many of them as possible to help us with the next one , thus growing our ranks systematically as time goes on .
They will bring an essential perspective ; knowing what it 's like to be on the other side of the scenario .
They 'll have pointers and good advice and more relatability .
They 'll be better recruiters .
This will give us new strength .
This will build and build and soon we 'll be humming along , winning battles easily .
We 'll have perfected the method .
We also want to provide certain services to these workers once we 're established and able to ; benefits that were denied to them for so long like financial services , counseling , family planning services , career training , and possibly loans through a mutual bank .
It will give people an incentive to join us and will strengthen and unite our fractured communities .
It will constitute the social safety net that our society today lacks .
And , most important of all , we will be democratic .
Not just superficially democratic , but truly democratic .
It will be inclusive , deliberative , and direct ; voting on as many things as possible via referendum , whose language is decided upon by randomly - selected members after intensive deliberation .
Positions within the organization will be decided the same way ; deliberated - upon and then voted upon .
Democracy should n't only be used for official state functions .
It should be used in as many places as possible in our society .
We wo n't be a union .
We will be a federated network called the Chamber of Labor , much like ( and much unlike ) the Chamber of Commerce .
Each city will have its own branch , to be set up one by one , as progress allows .
( Austria , it seems , already has these . )
It will collect dues from unions , from willing unionized workers , and will take contributions from un-unionized workers , as well .
It will be the responsibility of each city to maintain their individual branch , but one should not be left out in the cold if it needs help .
Overarching policies will be decided democratically .
They will be the go - to place for all things labor .
In America , we do n't have the Ghent system .
We have government agencies that distribute unemployment insurance , thus allowing unionization to remain low .
These agencies help people find jobs and are supposed to suffice as a go - to place for workers , but they do n't .
They 're the result of legislation passed by a corporately - owned government , and as a result they reflect corporate values , not community ones .
The Chamber of Labor will be the central vehicle for mobilizing forces in a given area .
It wo n't be a government agency ; but it may be an interest group that will lobby the government for labor - friendly policies .
Membership will be confidential and meetings will be optional .
It will be made as worker - friendly as possible .
We all know that many workers work long hours at jobs that tire them out and disallow them to do much outside of work .
Therefore , systems will be in place to accomodate these people .
They will have access to all the information about progress , voting , new developments , and various other activities .
It will be organized on the principle of one person , one vote .
Votes will not be weighted by how much a person participates or contributes financially .
Members , upon joining , should be made to understand this .
As a progressive institution , we must all acknowledge that all people are created equal regardless of wealth , health , race , sex , heritage , personality , or sexual orientation .
The Chamber is likely to have a complicated relationship with the government .
The government can be said to be a neutral body , with potential to be influenced by different interests .
One would expect to find us opposing it from time to time , when interests other than our own control it .
And vice - versa .
But what must be preserved at all times is the Chamber 's independence .
It is not a government agency and it never should be , though it should strive to comply with all federal , state , and local laws .
The Chamber of Labor will be a democracy existing within a larger democracy .
This should make for an interesting dynamic .
We hope to see all businesses and unions implement democratic mechanisms so that our entire society is but a large , interconnected web of independent and interrelating democracies .
That there has been no uniting force in the labor movement is truly baffling .
It has been the subject of much conversation , but very little effective action .
All unions have common interests , just like all businesses have common interests .
We 've sort of been caught napping , as an army .
We 've been confronted with superior weaponry , in a sense ; superior planning .
Disorganized labor has withered in the face of organized commerce .
It 's like a city that does n't have a central government in a fight against a city that does .
The city without the central government would be no match .
Just like we have n't been one .
So that 's what we want to do : we want to be a match .
We do n't think we should be under siege to begin with , but there 's no mistaking the fact that we are .
If their flag has on it a rattlesnake and the motto " do n’t tread on me " , then our flag has on it a mongoose and the motto " do n’t tread on them " .
So let this be a call for a new strategy in the labor movement ; a new philosophy .
We 'll use maneuver warfare as a metaphor for the de-centralization of private Feudalism .
We must , therefore , study maneuver warfare .
We must strive to be experts on the subject , for through metaphors it will continually provide us guidance .
History is apt to be laden with hints and ideas that can aid us in our efforts .
We know what the plan is .
The only thing left to be answered is " how ? " .
The element of surprise is important , but not a must .
There are many other weaknesses we can exploit .
Through continued study and continued deliberation , they will be revealed .
Private Feudalism , as a model , as expressed earlier , represents a closed society , just like state Feudalism often did .
This is a dark and oppressive form for industry to take .
We posit that it has worn out its welcome .
All humans are created equal regardless of wealth , health , race , sex , heritage , personality , or sexual orientation and are endowed with certain unalienable rights , among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness .
These rights do n't vanish when you enter the workplace .
They should stay fully intact and any infringement upon these rights we consider an egregious offense , intolerable in the realest sense .
It seems almost the consensus that we are at the end of an era .
What this growing movement represents is nothing less than a Second Enlightenment .
It is a questioning of the underlying governing principles of private government .
We need a cast of characters of the same quality and charisma as in the first .
The thinking and the doing will happen concurrently , as before .
We have more to go on this time , but there 's still more to figure out .
We must reject the divine right of capital and embrace the concept of fundamental worker rights .
So , we must also , therefore , study The Enlightenment .
We must strive to be experts on the subject , for through metaphors it will continually provide us guidance .
History is apt to be laden with hints and ideas that can aid us in our efforts .
We know what the aim is .
The only thing left to be answered is " what ? " .
What are the flaws of the underlying governing principles ?
Being granted with what rights in the workplace we have now is comparable to what progress was made by generations prior to The Enlightenment .
You could say what we work in are comparable to private constitutional monarchies .
The Age of Enlightenment is when the light finally became bright enough ( and people rational enough ) to show ( and acknowledge ) all the flaws in the underlying governing principles .
Perhaps we 've been through a Second Renaissance already and perhaps the Second Enlightenment has already begun .
These things can be debated .
Maybe it 's different for different people .
But I think we have , and that this is the age when the light will finally become bright enough ( and people rational enough ) to show ( and acknowledge ) all the flaws in the underlying governing principles of private Feudal government .
But , most importantly , we must realize that , like the 18th Century , this is a time of action ; an age of thought an action coinciding .
Today , we are used to a kind of inactivism ; of thought and action .
I posit that this is the result of our ignorance .
We 've been roundly indulgent and distracted ; lost without a map .
We did n't know that there 's farther to go ; more to figure out ; more possibilities ; something different to do .
So that will change as we pick up momentum over the next few years .
We 're at the end of an era .
The baby boomers generation is winding down and a new one is becoming the hegemon .
The full extent of private Feudal abuses seems to be coming into view .
We seem to be recognizing a larger historical trend .
The drugs are wearing off .
The spell is ending .
Greater access to information is leading more and more people to information some people would rather you did n't see .
More important is the way we 're starting to interpret that information .
We 've been living our lives as though certain events did n't happen .
Now that we know they did , we 're shifting our understanding of the world to factor that reality in .
Lesser access to information and the centralization of its dissemination is what allowed these things to take place to begin with , so old practices are meeting with a new paradigm and those old practices are like cockroaches scampering to avoid the light .
We do n't like what we see .
That 's why those who wish to stay in the dark ( or wish for the errancy of the underlying governing principles to stay in the dark ) seek to re-centralize the dissemination of information by destroying net neutrality .
But there 's already strong resistance to those efforts ; both economic and social .
The blindfold has been lifted for long enough that there 's no way we 'll let someone put it back over our eyes .
Our eyes are already used to a certain level of light .
A network of Freemasonic lodges proliferated in the First Enlightenment that allowed freedom of thought and planning to take place .
For us , it will be a federated network of democratic institutions called the Chamber of Labor .
That 's where we 'll come together and coordinate our attacks , like a broken and scattered army cautiously coming out of the woods and re-convening .
Yes , it 's OK to come out now .
Let 's come together and try this again .
This time , a little differently .
Deflationists Are WRONG , Prepare for the INFLATION Mega - Trend
The jist of the deflationists argument is that debt deleveraging MUST trigger huge consumer and asset price deflation .
Whilst we have all witnessed huge asset price deflation and some consumer price deflation during 2008 and into 2009 .
However we have also witnessed unprecedented government and central bank actions of this year , which have ignited asset price inflation with more to come that is now starting to feed into consumer price inflation .
Why do deflationists have it wrong ?
It is that focusing on the deleveraging of the the debt mountain is a red herring , taken on its own then yes it DOES imply deflation as the debt bubble ' should ' contract .
But given the asset price reaction of 2009 that is NOT what is actually taking place !
the Debt bubble is NOT deleveraging , the bad debts are being dumped onto the tax payers !
The huge derivatives positions that act as the icebergs under the ocean as compared to the asset price tips that we see above water are not contracting but expanding !
The bankrupt banks have not been allowed to go bankrupt , hence the debt is being systematically transferred to the state which has at its disposal the magic money printing press which can vanish the debt away by means of debt monetization .
Quantitative Easing is not just another ordinary policy measure .
I have not been calling it the nuclear option for nothing for it 's detonation is tantamount to MONETARY ARMAGEDDON !
THIS IS NOT BEING RECOGNISED by either the mainstream press or the highly vocal deflationists who did catch the deflationary downdraft of 2008 but now having gained press and investor attention are stuck in a perpetual deflationary loop .
The academic economists in the mainstream press , bereft of individual thought have jumped onto the deflationary bandwaggon and applauded money printing as my article of 12 months ago illustrated - Bankrupt Britain Trending Towards Hyper-Inflation ?
Perhaps in 12 months time , the flaws in the deflationary arguments will be recognised and again we will witness the re-writing of history where a minor caveat here or there is pulled out of the hat to imply the deflationists were right all along !
The answer is simple in that Monetization of debt feeds inflation and once monetization of debt starts it DOES NOT STOP until the currency is DESTROYED !
The reasons WHY x , y , z should happen are always obvious AFTER the market has moved as to WHY it has moved , the trick here to actually MAKE MONEY is to ACT BEFORE the market MOVES as I warned off back in March 2009 concerning the stocks stealth bull market and the relentless contracting corporate earnings mantra at that time - Stealth Bull Market Follows Stocks Bear Market Bottom at Dow 6,470
Yes I am aware of the on - going corporate earnings contraction forecasts that SUGGEST stocks should be going MUCH lower , though some of the estimates of where the market should be heading to are pretty ridiculous , were talking ridiculous price levels of as low as DJIA 400 !
However the stocks bull market was also elevated to Dow 14,000 on the basis of corporate EARNINGS forecasts that suggested that Stocks should go MUCH HIGHER .
So what does that tell you ?
It tells you that what you tend to read is always suggestive of the JUNCTURE being FAR AWAY , NOT imminent .
IT IS ONLY LONG AFTER THE FACT , AFTER MARKET'S HAVE ALREADY MOVED THAT THE JUNCTURE IS RECOGNISED AND ANALYSIS PRESENTED AS TO WHAT WENT WRONG WITH THE SCENERIO THAT CALLED FOR MUCH LOWER PRICES .
Similarly wide spread consensus today exists for SHARPLY LOWER CORPORATE EARNINGS going into 2010 THAT MUST MEAN MUCH LOWER STOCK PRICES .
However this earnings analysis that is so abundant today , should have been presented OVER A YEAR AGO ! in October 2007 I.e. at or near the market peak !
So that ordinary investors could actually ACT on the information .
NOT NOW AT THE MARKET BOTTOM !
AGAIN NOTE THIS - BE UNDER NO ILLUSION - The central banks will NOT STOP MONETIZING DEBT !
Once started IT CANNOT BE STOPPED !
Forget what the Governor of the Bank of England Says or Fed Chairman , Quantitative Easing is here to stay and therefore INFLATION WILL EMERGE , IT IS ENIVTABLE !
INFLATION IS THE DOMINENT SCENERIO BEING PLAYED OUT NOT DEFLATION , regardless of what ever is stated today .
THERE IS NO ALTERNATIVE , INFLATION CANNOT BE AVOIDED .
THERE IS NO WAY THE LIKES OF THE UK AND THE U.S. CAN SERVICE THEIR EXPLODING DEBT MOUNTAINS WITHOUT MONETIZING THE DEBT , THIS IS NOT SOMETHING THAT MIGHT HAPPEN BUT IT ACTUALLY IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW !
For instance in the UK - first there was QE of £ 75 billion which might be enough , then £ 125 billion is DEFINETLY ENOUGH , later £ 175 billion NOW £ 200 billion , Tomorrow ?
The day after ?
The week after ?
THERE IS NO END IN SIGHT TO QUANTITATIVE EASING !
RECOGNISE THIS FACT and you can do something a ) preserve your wealth and b ) grow your wealth .
I will touch on this later this week in my newsletter that pulls everything together .
The DEFLATIONISTS ARE DEAD WRONG !
The last 8 months have proven it to be so !
But STILL they cling on as though they have blinkered visions as a function of presumably not having to put their own money on their deflation calls .
What will there position be in another 8 months - it will be to REINVENT HISTORY TO IMPLY THEY SAW IT COMING ALL ALONG !
Off course by then those that were led down the blind alley will have not only lose money but not have participated in any of the gains as I pointed out in early April 2008 - That wishy washy commentary does not wash when it comes to monetizing analysis as you are either invested or you are not , there is no wafflly middle ground !
The internet is a great invention of accountability !
Okay no one is perfect , no one has a crystal ball , everyone gets something wrong at sometime , BUT IF YOU REPEATEDLY RAM SOEMTHING DOWN PEOPLES THROAT THAT IS PLAIN WRONG THEN WHAT DO YOU CALL THAT ?
It is either deliberate propaganda or there is something seriously wrong in the mechanisms that bring about the projected scenarios .
LOOK at Nouriel Roubini 's academic economist commentary following every dip .
The truth is that the SAME analysis can conclude either way , however it is the process of having to put ones own money on the line which creates the probability of arriving at the CORRECT conclusion .
Nothing else , not media events on TV or radio or publicity stunts , nor pandering to fan clubs , but ones reaction to seeing a deployed scenario either leading to ones wealth growing or contracting .
Deflationists such as Dr Doom Roubini and the rest have frightened investors away from monetizing on one of the biggest stocks bull runs in history following the March low , and continue to do so to this very day where near every rally peak has been followed by the crash is coming mantra ( Stocks Bull Market Destroys the Crash Bears Again ) .
DEFLATIONISTS WAKEUP AND SMELL THE INFLATION COFFEE BEFORE YOU LOSE ALL CREDIBILITY OVER THE COMING YEARS .
In conclusion
The warning of November 2008 of the worst case scenario of Hyperinflation has not only NOT diminished over the past 12 months , but it has been greatly reinforced , where 2010 looks set to the year of INFLATION NOT DEFLATION and 2011 may be Far worse as the Deflationists lose every penny they own and hold in Government Bonds that they so vocally now profess to pile into !
After the deflationary correction of 2008 we are about to witness the INFLATIONARY MEGA - TREND of the NEXT DECADE !
the consequences of which are many .
What to Do ?
This is part of a New series on the INFLATIONARY outlook , ensure your subscribed to my always free newsletter to get the full scenario and it's implications in your in box THIS week it will be one of my seminal pieces much as The Stocks Stealth Bull Market Scenario of March 09 and Crude Oil Top of July 08 , or the UK Housing Market August 07 Top and Bear Market were before it amongst many others .
Source : http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article15131.html
By Nadeem Walayat
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk
Copyright © 2005-09 Marketoracle.co.uk ( Market Oracle Ltd ) .
All rights reserved .
Nadeem Walayat has over 20 years experience of trading derivatives , portfolio management and analysing the financial markets , including one of few who both anticipated and Beat the 1987 Crash .
Nadeem 's forward looking analysis specialises on the housing market and interest rates .
Nadeem is the Editor of The Market Oracle , a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
We present in - depth analysis from over 400 experienced analysts on a range of views of the probable direction of the financial markets .
Thus enabling our readers to arrive at an informed opinion on future market direction .
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any trading losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors before engaging in any trading activities .
Nadeem Walayat Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Jon Holmberg
22 Nov 09 , 06:57 High inflation
Dear Mr Walayat
Hi i find your articles very interessting .
I live in Sweden and we are thinking of buying a house but the prics here have soared since January 2009 after a small correction in oktober - december 2008 , and are almost close to the topp in 2007 .
We have very low interest rates at present .
I believe when they start to rise interest rates the housing souring might take a pause .
I read your article about rising inflation and how do you think that will affect house prices ?
If we decied to buy a house do you think it is a good idea to lock the interest rate for a long period of say 10 years .
Or is the best thing keep on renting as we do now ?
Your comments would be highley appreciated .
Kind Regards Jon Holmberg
Nadeem_Walayat
22 Nov 09 , 07:59 Housing
Hi I am in the process of completing what will have to be posted as an ebook ( FREE ) given its size which will include housing .
If you have very low interest rates then yes do lock in them in for 10 years !
I do not know the swedish housing market , all I know the UK is bouncing towards summer 2010 , after which it should dip lower again , how far I can't tell at this point .
William Piper
23 Nov 09 , 09:40 Derlation
Why was my question re John Hussman and Paul Kasriel not wortthy of a response ?
Monica G
29 Nov 09 , 18:41 UK housing market for 2011 and 2012
Dear Nadeem Walayat , I would be most grateful if you could briefly explain where your past forecasts on the UK housing market for 2011 and 2012 now stand in relation to this new hyper - inflationary scenario .
If assets prices are due to soar that should include property as well .
Thank you for taking the time to write your views on the website , which I have been reading for several months trying to educate myself a little on the subject and to make sense of what is going on in the economy .
Regards Monica
Nadeem_Walayat
29 Nov 09 , 18:45 UK house Prices
Hi Monica
My scenerio will be completed before the end of December and will include UK housing .
The difference between now and December 2008 i.e. the last forecast , is unlimited money printing .
Which I warned off at the time , that the government has at its means the ability to bring nominal house price falls to a halt by printing money .
Again the completed scenerio will be far more accurate as it takes multiple intermarket and economic relationships into account .
Jennifer
30 Nov 09 , 04:33 UK
House prices
Dear Mr Walayat
Thank you for your inflation scenario .
But can it exist independently of demand ?
I was under the impression that the level of indebtedness in the system had finally overwhelmed it !
Unemployment and higher taxes will do the rest .
Yours sincerely Jennifer heaven
While lots of us were expressing relief that the slip dowward in the revised economic growth numbers out from the government was not worse than expected , Paul Krugman came in with a reality check .
The revised number is so low that it means the unemployment rate will remain elevated ... forever .
The problem is that with growth at just 2.8 % , we 're not really doing anything to take up the slack in the economy .
Our under - utilized productive capacity wo n't come online .
For Krugman , the key measure of economic health is the size of the output gap -- which is a measure of the difference between what the economy would be producing if it kept growing at its historical pace and the actual growth ( or decline ) in the economy .
( Incidentally , how come nobody ever talks out an inverse output gap during booms ? )
Krugman says that at these growth levels we 're not really doing anything to close the output gap .
Krugman writes :
When the 3.5 % advance number came out , I took to warning people that even if the economy continued to grow at that rate , we would n’t see anything like full employment until late in Sarah Palin ’s second term .
Given the latest number , the date at which we can expect to see a return to full employment is … never .
Actually , the situation may be even grimmer .
The odds are good that growth will slow next year as the inventory bounce fades and the stimulus turns from pushing to dragging the economy .
Still zombified banks may continue to trap capital and at least some of the business investment from the past year will turn out to be zero - interest rate driven malinvestment .
The problem with organ transplants is that the organ has to come from someone else .
Since most people rather fancy their hearts and lungs , getting any organ other than a kidney usually requires the difficult combination of donor consent and timely death .
In an attempt to circumvent that limitation , the engineering company engineering firm Invetech teamed up with the medical company Organovo to produce the first commercial 3 - D bio-printer .
As the twee cafes and boutiques in this quiet corner of Tokyo's Marunouchi business district fill with groups of " office ladies " , it is easy to see how out of place Yuki Sakurai would look in the company of the blue - suited salarymen grabbing a quick noodle lunch beneath the nearby railway tracks .
For one thing , the 28 - year - old business consultant is impeccably turned out , from his perfectly knotted striped tie to his scuff - free brown leather shoes , bought after a champagne breakfast with some female friends .
He is patience personified when passers - by do a double take while he poses for the Observer 's photographer .
When I ask him when he decided to become an unrepentant " grass eater " , he does n't flinch .
It is not an unkind reference to his diet .
Sakurai is a proud member of a new tribe of Japanese men who have eschewed traditional notions of masculinity and adopted a gentler , more " feminine " persona .
He is a soshokukei danshi – herbivorous boy – a term coined two years ago by the commentator Maki Fukasawa to describe the proliferation of men who , in appearance and attitude , bear little resemblance to the two dominant Japanese male groups of the past century : soldiers and their peacetime offspring , corporate warriors .
The typical herbivore cares , sometimes a little too much , about his appearance , eats sparingly , prefers afternoon tea with female friends to an evening spent drinking and shows little interest in the obsession that consumes so many of his peers : sex .
Sometimes referred to as ojo - men ( ladylike men ) , they are mounting a counter - attack against the baby - boomer generation , whose lives revolved around company , colleagues and , a distant third , their wives and children .
Some dismiss the genre as the product of inventive marketing for male cosmetics , skin - tight fashions and , at the most militant end of the spectrum , male bras , minus the lacy frills .
But Megumi Ushikubo , author of The Herbivorous Ladylike Men Are Changing Japan , says men such as Sakurai are the vanguard in a quiet social revolution .
Ushikubo , president of a market research firm , reckons that as many as 60 % of Japanese men aged between 20 and 34 display at least some herbivorous tendencies .
" They do n't have the material aspirations of previous generations , " says Ushikubo , whose interest in the phenomenon was piqued by calls from companies unable to sell fast cars or alcohol to young men .
" They have no appetite for food or sex .
You ask them what they want out of life and they say , ' Nothing much ' . "
Rather than bond over beer , the average herbivore invests his time and money in activities once regarded as the preserve of young women : shopping trips , dining out , personal grooming and cultural pursuits .
The herbivores have no personal experience of the bubble years of the 1980s .
Instead , Sakurai 's generation reached adulthood as the economic edifice started to crumble , and unemployment and contract work replaced jobs for life and twice - yearly bonuses .
" Young men went through a crisis of confidence towards the end of the 1990s , " Ushikubo says .
" The economy is n't performing well , so they do n't see the point of working too hard , because they think things will never improve . "
Less amenable to sociological analysis is the herbivores ' ability to suppress their carnal instincts .
Sakurai , who says he has been single for several years , puts it down to an overdeveloped fear of rejection and commitment .
" I have lots of female friends I 'm attracted to , " he says .
" But you weigh up the risks and benefits and come to the conclusion that things are best left as they are .
I 'm lucky to work in an industry where there 's no stigma attached to being single and no pressure to get involved with someone . "
The rise of the herbivorous man has met with mixed reactions .
Traditionalist employers complain that they lack the work ethic of older generations , while commentators blame their sexual abstinence and relative thrift for the low birthrate and the weak economy .
Some women , too , say they prefer their men rougher around the edges .
A popular revival in interest in Japanese history has made unlikely pin-ups of feudal warlords from the distant past .
Sakurai does n't take the criticisms seriously .
" It 's too bad about the birthrate , but that 's also a sign that the women are enjoying more freedom than before .
It 's as if social stigmas attached to both sexes have been lifted . "
The herbivores ' appearance in the Japanese social firmament is not without its benefits .
" They really care about their families , " says Ushikubo .
" They do n't believe that the state will be able to do its bit for their parents or themselves after they retire . "
As he approaches his 30s , Sakurai reluctantly accepts that his grass - eating days may be nearing an end .
" My younger brother just got married , and I can't see myself being single in my 40s , " he says .
" But I 'm in my comfort zone right now .
Why would I want to change that ? "
Advocates of legalizing marijuana say they 've collected more than enough signatures to have California voters decide next year whether to tax and regulate the drug .
The signatures in support of the Tax and Regulate Initiative , which would give local governments the authority to tax and regulate the sale of marijuana , will be submitted to state election officials early next year for verification .
Delaying the submission of signatures improves the chances that the measure will be on the ballot in November , said Richard Lee , the measure 's chief supporter .
The petition drive collected more than 680,000 signatures in two months , less than half the time allowed for such a drive , said Lee , who owns two marijuana businesses in Oakland - Oaksterdam University and Coffeeshop Blue Sky .
The signature - gathering effort , which was managed by a professional firm and so far has cost more than $ 1 million , needs 433,971 valid signatures from registered voters to make the ballot , he said .
" It 's long overdue , " Lee said .
" It was very easy .
People were eager to sign .
We heard they were ripping the petitions out of people 's hands to do it . "
He said supporters hope to raise $ 7 million to $ 20 million to pass the measure .
Law enforcement groups , including a group of narcotics officers , are expected to oppose the measure if the initiative qualifies for the ballot .
Proponents of the initiative say it is similar to the regulation of alcohol and tobacco products .
It would give local governments the power to tax and regulate sales of small amounts of marijuana to adults 21 and older .
The measure also calls for increasing penalties for providing marijuana to a minor and prohibits consumption of marijuana in public , smoking marijuana while minors are present and possession of marijuana on school grounds .
Supporters say studies from the Board of Equalization , California 's tax regulator , suggest that taxing and regulating of marijuana could raise as much as $ 1.4 billion in annual revenue .
The possibility of raising such revenue in cash - strapped California , which faces a $ 22 billion budget deficit in the coming year , has sparked support from some surprising sources .
" This initiative is moral , sensible and the right thing to do , " Rabbi Jeffrey Kahn of the Interfaith Drug Policy Initiative , an effort by religious groups to ease drug laws , said Monday .
" Regulating cannabis is a common - sense solution that puts our priorities in order and reflects our values . "
A recent California Field Poll suggested that a majority of California voters , 56 percent , support the idea of legalizing and taxing cannabis .
If you were sat at your Linux computer one dark evening in late 1999 , things would have been considerably different .
Your machine would probably be running either Red Hat 6.1 or Mandrake 6 .
Outside your window , the world was going crazy for all things dotcom .
Microsoft was prepping both Windows 2000 and its ill - fated Millennium edition , while Apple had just released OS 9 and its Power Mac G4 .
As a Linux user , you 'd have been an uber - geek , someone with an obsessive interest in computing and far too much time on your hands .
But things have changed .
Linux is now an operating system anyone can install and use , and it 's growing stronger every year .
Here 's how it happened .
January 2001 : Linux Kernel 2.4
The kernel is the only part of the operating system officially called ' Linux ' .
It all started with , and is still maintained by , Linus Torvalds .
Version 2.4 was a watershed , bringing Linux support to many essential interfaces , starting with USB , and eventually Bluetooth , RAID and the ext3 filesystem .
Linux 's amazing driver support started here , and the current 2.6 revision owes many of its advances to the 2.4 release .
May 2001 : Nvidia releases binary drivers
Until May 2001 , many desktop Linux users were isolated when it came to official hardware vendor support .
But then Nvidia released a binary version of its graphics driver .
This gave us massive improvement in 3D performance .
But it also opened a can of worms , as the debates on the legality of closed drivers linked to the kernel , and whether we should use them , still continue to this day .
DRIVING LINUX : Nvidia is one of the few companies who provides drivers that offer similar performance to their Windows and OS X counterparts
June 2002 : Gnome 2.0
Gnome was trying to catch up with the wayward and revolutionary KDE 2.0 desktop , released 10 months earlier .
Regardless of which desktop was best , both versions offered a revolutionary experience when compared to the staid , static and ascetic desktops of the previous generation .
The Gnome project has gone from strength to strength after the release of 2.0 , and great things are promised for 3.0 in 2010 .
May 2002 : OpenOffice.org 1.0
Few would consider using Linux if there was n't the semblance of Microsoft Office compatibility .
Sun Microsystems bought , renamed and released its own broadly compatible office suite for free , in what it must have hoped would be a flanking attack on Microsoft 's dominance .
A tactic it revisited with the re-licence of Java in 2007 .
March 2003 : SCO 's lawsuit against IBM
For a long time , this lawsuit cast a long shadow over Linux adoption .
SCO alleged that IBM had allowed parts of its UNIX operating system to be re-licenced and subsequently used within Linux .
If IBM lost , Linux would need to be modified .
At one point , even the GPL was under scrutiny when SCO claimed it was unconstitutional .
But as yet , litigation has come to nothing and SCO is currently fighting against bankruptcy .
April 2004 : X.org 1.0
With free software , if you do n't like what other people are doing you can take their work and build your own version .
This is what happened with XFree86 , the technology at the heart of display , mouse and keyboard interaction .
When its licence changed , many Linux distributions were forced to find an alternative , and this became X.org .
October 2004 : Ubuntu Warty Warthog
It 's the only Linux distribution in our list , but whether you love or hate Ubuntu , there 's no denying that its appearance on the scene has changed Linux dramatically .
For mainstream media , it 's now often a byword for Linux , and thanks to its charismatic astronaut leader , Linux has a free software advocate to compete with Steve Jobs and Steve Ballmer .
BIG UP UBUNTU : Ubuntu releases are named after the year and month of their release .
Warty 's official title was Ubuntu 4.10
November 2004 : Firefox 1.0
Firefox works on many operating systems other than Linux , but it was the first free software application to be understood and adopted by the general public on this scale .
It was faster , more secure , and had more features than its proprietary competitors , changing the popular perception of open source .
ON FIRE : A two - page ad in the New York Times accompanied the release of Firefox 1.0 , featuring the names of thousands of contributors to the fund - raising campaign
Instant Auto Title Loans - All Credit Types Are Welcome to Apply
Turn Your Car Title Into Cash
Instant Auto Title Loans is the leader in the industry of Auto Title Loans , Loans on Vehicle , Bad Credit Auto Title Loans , Secured Loans , Title Loans , Loans for Bad Credit and Loans on a Car in the States of California , Arizona , Illinois , Missouri , Utah and New Mexico .
We will forward your application for pre-qualification for a Title Loan in 60 Seconds , regardless of your credit rating , using your car as collateral .
Bad Credit Auto Title Loans
If you own a car which is paid off or almost paid off , just call us at toll - free 800 - 210-0790 any time of day or night and get pre-qualified for an Auto Title Loan in as fast as 60 seconds !
Instant Auto Title Loans has helped many people get the money they need offering a variety of Car Title Loan .
If you are looking to get the most out of a title loan in CA , AZ , IL , MO , NM or UT , you should choose Instant Auto Title Loans , because we can get you money today !
All you have to do is submit an application and we will help you take care of the rest .
We have built a reputation for helping customers when they need it in as little as a few hours .
While lenders insist on charging outrageous fees and keeping your car , Instant Auto Title Loans understands that you ca n’t afford either of these .
Know that when you choose us to help you with your car title loan in CA , AZ , MO , NM or UT , we will refer you to out partnering lender who wo n’t charge you ridiculous rates or keep your car .
Online Auto Title Loan Application
You can also Apply Online !
Fill out the secure , quick and confidential application right in the comfort of your home !
Completing an application takes no time at all and you will typically be contacted within an hour to let you know how much money you can borrow .
The loan officer will discuss the best method to submit your information and get your money FAST !
When you are relying on quick and efficient service for an auto title loan , Instant Auto Title Loans is the company that can help you today !
Do n’t wait any longer , apply now and find out how much you can borrow in your time of need .
California Location is conveniently operating in the following area :
Los Angeles : 5800 Owensmouth Ave , Woodland Hills , CA 91367
Phone : 800-210-0910 , 818-776-0062
NO PRE - PAYMENT PENALTIES ON ANY OF THE LOANS !
We do n't think of ourselves as changing :
We 're the same basic meat - popsicles we 've always been .
But some of the surprising changes that the future holds in store for the human body are ball - shatteringly disturbing , so you 'd better have an iron stomach if you plan on reading this ( though if not , do n't worry ; thatâs probably in the pipeline too ) .
5 Bionic Ass
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Tragedy struck Ged Galvin , a 55 - year - old English man from South Yorkshire , when he was involved in a terrible motorcycle accident .
His injuries were so extensive that , even after his many surgeries , doctors informed him he would have to use a colostomy bag for the rest of his life .
Then crazier , more awesome doctors that had seen some Six Million Dollar Man re-runs recently , stepped in and informed him to âfuck that noise .â â Ged , â they said .
â Weâve got two words for you : Bionic Ass .
And then two more : Fuck yes.â 
" The patient 's lost the use of both arms below the elbow , so of course I recommend we install Flamethrower Hands . "
Ged , weighing the pros and cons of carrying a bag of poop around for eternity ( there was a shockingly short " pro " list ) agreed to try an experimental new surgery .
The procedure used muscles from his knee to recreate a crude sort of sphincter , with implanted electrodes all throughout that respond to a remote control .
Now , Galvin doesnât have normal control over his bowels , he has supreme mastery over them .
With the press of a button , Galvin controls exactly when , where , how much ( and , if science is as awesome as this story is making it out to be , hopefully with exactly how much force ) he shits .
However , even if Galvin himself is sadly lacking in Astro Boy style ass - cannons , believe me when I say this :
It is only a matter of time until somebody with both the desire and money gets the idea too .
In the future , youâll have to watch who you mouth off to , because forget knives and guns - that dude at the bar might have a crap - howitzer in his pants loaded with high - caliber feces with your name on it .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Felipe Massa says he is the same driver he was before his dramatic accident at the Hungarian Grand Prix after testing a Formula 1 car again on Monday .
The Brazilian , sidelined from the sport since he fractured his skull in Hungary , returned to the wheel of a grand prix car at the Fiorano circuit , where he tested a two - year - old F2007 car fitted with GP2 tyres .
Although he did n't complete many laps , Massa said he felt as if the accident had not happened .
" When I was inside the car it was as if nothing had happened : I 'm the same bastard as before , " Massa was quoted as saying by the ANSA news agency .
" Everything went well , I felt very good physically , it felt like the crash from 25 July had never occurred .
I have n't had any eyesight problem and today I 'd be ready to do not just one , but two races in a row .
" Obviously we need to respect the doctors ' limitation as a precaution , but after getting in the car , I can say I 'm back to what I was before the crash . "
The Brazilian insisted he is not thinking of racing again this year , and will instead start focusing on 2010 .
" [ We can ] start preparing for next year , which wo n't be an easy year because this one has been hard , and work to have a good car and fight for the championship , " he added .
The Ferrari driver also welcomed Fernando Alonso 's arrival at the Italian squad , although he made it clear he is not expecting to be best friends with the Spaniard .
" Alonso is a good professional , " Massa added .
" So I do n't see why there should be any problem with him .
He is n't coming here to become my best friend , what 's important is the professional relationship . "
Massa admitted he was still furious about the result of last year 's Singapore Grand Prix , where he reckons the race - fixing scandal robbed him of the title he lost by a single point .
" I 'm still very angry , because what happened then did n't change just a race , but the entire championship .
The winner of that race is still Alonso , Briatore has gone home , while nothing has changed regarding what they stole away from us .
I 'm very sorry about it , because the result of the championship could have been different . "
Washington , DC
Chairman Howard L. Berman
U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs
2170 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington , DC 20515
Dear Mr. Chairman ,
I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate you on convening this timely and critically important hearing of the United States House of Representatives Committee on Foreign Affairs on the US travel ban to Cuba .
Human Rights
Watch fully supports the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act introduced in both the Senate ( S. 428 ) and the House of Representatives ( H. 874 ) to abolish restrictions on travel to Cuba .
We believe lifting the travel ban represents an essential step towards ending a US policy that has failed for decades to have any impact whatsoever on improving human rights in Cuba .
Today , Human Rights
Watch released a new report on human rights in Cuba .
The report concludes that rather than dismantle Cuba 's repressive machinery , Raul Castro has kept it firmly in place and fully active .
Scores of political prisoners arrested under Fidel Castro continue to languish in Cuba 's prisons , and Raul Castro 's government has used draconian laws and sham trials to incarcerate scores more who have dared to exercise their fundamental freedoms .
The Raul Castro government has relied in particular on a " dangerousness " provision of the Criminal Code that allows authorities to imprison individuals before they have committed a crime , on the suspicion that they might commit an offense in the future .
Efforts by the US government to press for change by imposing a sweeping ban on trade and travel have proven to be a costly and misguided failure .
The embargo imposes indiscriminate hardship on the Cuban population as a whole and has done nothing to improve the situation of human rights in Cuba .
Rather than isolating Cuba , the policy has isolated the United States , enabling the Castro government to garner sympathy abroad while simultaneously alienating Washington 's potential allies .
There is no question : the Cuban government bears full and exclusive responsibility for the abuses it commits .
However , so long as the embargo remains in place , the Castro government will continue to manipulate US policy to cast itself as a Latin American David standing up to a US Goliath , a role it exploits skillfully .
Ending the travel ban is a step in the right direction toward reforming this failed policy , and Congress should act swiftly to pass the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act .
However , lifting the travel ban by itself will not bring an end to the Raul Castro government 's repression .
As a result , Human Rights Watch recommends that the US government replace its failed embargo policy with a more effective , multilateral approach .
Our report lays out a proposal for the United States to work with allies in the European Union , Canada , and Latin America to forge a new coalition that will exert targeted pressure on the Raul Castro government to release all political prisoners .
Please share this statement with members of your committee .
In addition , I would be very grateful if you would include this letter in the record of your hearing .
Sincerely ,
José Miguel Vivanco
Executive Director , Americas Division
Human Rights Watch
On beautiful , sunny days with quiet weather conditions a strong wind develops in the evening at a height of about 200 metres .
Peter Baas is the first to map how such a powerful wind develops high in the air .
With his research he has made an important contribution to the improvement of weather and climate models .
Knowledge of these air currents is also important for the aviation sector and the generation of wind energy .
During the evening the wind near the ground often dies down , in contrast to the wind several hundred metres above the ground that strongly increases at this time .
This is because cooled air just above the Earth 's surface remains hanging under warmer air above .
The wind speed at an altitude of several hundred metres is strongly dependent on how the cool and warm air mix .
The mixing stops during the night and a stable boundary layer develops .
On the upper side of this layer the wind speed can rapidly increase .
Peter Baas investigated how cold air and higher layers of warm air mix .
The researcher analysed the maximum wind speed at night using the measurements from the 200 m high KNMI measurement mast in Cabauw .
Furthermore , he tested the processes that play a role in the development of the nocturnal wind maximum and showed how the mixing of air layers must be represented in models to predict nocturnal wind speeds .
The research of Peter Baas was part of the project Land Surface Climate and the Role of the Stable Boundary Layer PART 2 .
This project took place within the NWO theme Sustainable Earth and the research of Baas was funded by NWO .
The other day I received a pre-publication copy of The Battle of the Story of the Battle of Seattle , by David and Rebecca Solnit .
It 's set to come out 10 years after a historic coalition of activists shut down the World Trade Organisation summit in Seattle – the spark that ignited a global anti-corporate movement .
The book is a fascinating account of what really happened in Seattle ; but when I spoke to David Solnit , the direct - action guru who helped engineer the shutdown , I found him less interested in reminiscing about 1999 than in talking about the upcoming United Nations climate change summit in Copenhagen and the " climate justice " actions he is helping to organise across the United States on 30 November .
" This is definitely a Seattle - type moment , " Solnit told me .
" People are ready to throw down . "
There is certainly a Seattle quality to the Copenhagen mobilisation : the range of groups that will be there ; the diverse tactics that will be on display ; and the developing - country governments ready to bring activist demands into the summit .
But Copenhagen is not merely another Seattle .
It feels , instead , as though the progressive tectonic plates are shifting , creating a movement that builds on the strengths of an earlier era but also learns from its mistakes .
The big criticism of the movement the media insisted on calling " anti- globalisation " was always that it had a laundry - list of grievances and few concrete alternatives .
The movement converging on Copenhagen , in contrast , is about a single issue – climate change – but it weaves a coherent narrative about its causes , and its cures , that incorporates virtually every issue on the planet .
In this narrative , the climate is changing not only because of particular polluting practices but because of the underlying logic of capitalism , which values short - term profit and perpetual growth above all else .
Our governments would have us believe the same logic can be harnessed to solve the climate crisis – by creating a tradable commodity called " carbon " and by transforming forests and farmland into " sinks " that will supposedly offset runaway emissions .
Activists in Copenhagen will argue that , far from solving the climate crisis , carbon trading represents an unprecedented privatisation of the atmosphere , and that offsets and sinks threaten to become a resource grab of colonial proportions .
Not only will these " market - based solutions " fail to solve the climate crisis , but this failure will dramatically deepen poverty and inequality because the poorest and most vulnerable are the primary victims of climate change – as well as the primary guinea pigs for these emissions trading schemes .
But activists in Copenhagen wo n't just say no to all this .
They will aggressively advance solutions that simultaneously reduce emissions and narrow inequality .
Unlike at previous summits , where alternatives seemed like an afterthought , in Copenhagen the alternatives will take centre stage .
For instance , the direct action coalition Climate Justice Action has called on activists to storm the conference centre on 16 December .
Many will do this as part of the " bike bloc " , riding together on an as yet to be revealed " irresistible new machine of resistance " , made up of hundreds of old bicycles .
The goal of the action is not to shut down the summit , Seattle - style , but to open it up , transforming it into " a space to talk about our agenda , an agenda from below , an agenda of climate justice , of real solutions against their false ones …
This day will be ours " .
Some of the solutions on offer from the activist camp are the same ones the global justice movement has been championing for years : local , sustainable agriculture ; smaller , decentralised power projects ; respect for indigenous land rights ; leaving fossil fuels in the ground ; loosening protections on green technology ; and paying for these transformations by taxing financial transactions and cancelling foreign debts .
Some solutions are new , like the mounting demand that rich countries pay " climate debt " reparations to the poor .
These are tall orders , but we have seen during the last year the kind of resources our governments can marshal when it comes to saving the elites .
As one pre-Copenhagen slogan puts it : " If the climate were a bank , it would have been saved " – not abandoned to the brutality of the market .
In addition to the coherent narrative and the focus on alternatives , there are plenty of other changes too : a more thoughtful approach to direct action , one that recognises the urgency to do more than just talk but is determined not to play into the tired scripts of cops versus protesters .
" Our action is one of civil disobedience , " say the organisers of the 16 December action .
" We will overcome any physical barriers that stand in our way – but we will not respond with violence if the police [ try ] to escalate the situation . "
( That said , there is no way the two - week summit will not include a few running battles between cops and kids in black ; this is Europe , after all . )
A decade ago , in a New York Times comment piece published after Seattle was shut down , I wrote that a new movement advocating a radically different form of globalisation " just had its coming - out party " .
What will be the significance of Copenhagen ?
I put that question to John Jordan , whose prediction of what eventually happened in Seattle I quoted in my book No Logo .
He replied : " If Seattle was the movement of movements ' coming - out party then maybe Copenhagen will be a celebration of our coming of age . "
He cautions , however , that growing up does n't mean playing it safe , eschewing civil disobedience in favour of staid meetings .
" I hope we have grown up to become much more disobedient , " Jordan said , " because life on this world of ours may well be terminated because of too many acts of obedience . "
Perhaps Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) thinks of himself as a modern day John Sherman .
In 1890 , Ohio Sen .
Sherman set out on a mission to establish " just competition " laws and level the economic playing field .
His quest culminated in the dismantling of monopolies — such as American Tobacco and Standard Oil — and the passage of new laws prohibiting malicious competitive practices .
In a similar way , Dodd now seeks the power to tear apart any company he considers a risk to the national economy .
But unlike Sherman , Dodd is n't out to create the best possible conditions for competition to thrive .
He 's out for blood .
Dodd 's plan for overhauling Wall Street regulations , released last week , includes a proposed new organization : the Agency for Financial Stability ( AFS ) .
This new regulator would be tasked with identifying and addressing " systemic risks posed by large , complex companies as well as products and activities that can spread risk across firms . "
This represents one piece of the most extensive proposal to reform financial services regulation — topping even the ridiculousness of the Obama plan and Barney Frank plan .
Which is saying a lot .
The financial crisis has made off with nearly $ 30 trillion in global wealth .
Dodd believes Wall Street banks and other financial institutions are the chief culprits in this dubious economic caper .
And to exact revenge , he will push for some of the toughest , most expansive regulatory powers to date .
To do this , Dodd plans to go Elliot Ness on Wall Street , using economists and accountants as if they were FBI agents .
Only instead of targeting Al Capone and Big Angelo Lonardo , these number - crunchers would be given nearly limitless power to hunt down systemic risks inside America 's financial institutions .
Here 's one of the biggest problems with this ( and with the Obama and Frank plans , too ) : the government offers only a dangerously vague definition of what constitutes a financial institution .
So not only would Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan Chase qualify , but firms like Wal - Mart , Ford , and Texas Instruments — not exactly the companies you think of when discussing Wall Street regulation — might be subject to higher compliance standards as well .
It all depends on the subjective whims of the Agency for Financial Stability .
As outlined in the Dodd plan , AFS would be an independent agency , one whose chairman was appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate .
It would also have a 9 - member board comprised of federal financial regulators and an independent expert .
The structure is similar to President Obama 's proposed Financial Services Oversight Council .
Both of these proposed overseers would monitor the market for systemic risks , and would possess the authority to collect information from financial institutions as needed .
The major difference is that where the Obama council would only have the power to designate firms as " Tier 1 " companies , a category that would require stricter regulation , Dodd 's agency would actually have the power to break - up those companies considered too big to fail .
In other words , an Agency for Financial Stability would enjoy unprecedented power over the private sector .
Presently , if the government wants to take a large firm apart , it must first take its case to court , proving that the company is either a monopoly or that it is maliciously attacking its competitors .
Yet not only would Dodd 's AFS write rules for capital requirements , leverage limiting , and risk management compliance , it would also have the authority to treat Wells Fargo or UBS like the Bonanno crime family .
Which means that the risk of undue political influence is palpable .
Let say 's enough people come to believe that Goldman Sachs is secretly controlling the Treasury Department , as Rolling Stone 's Matt Taibbi so viciously claimed .
All those people need to do is pressure the government into taking the company apart on the grounds that it 's size has become too critical to the economic health of the nation .
There are certainly enough anti-Goldman Sachs staffers on Capitol Hill to make that happen .
And it does n't take a follower of Ayn Rand to imagine a scenario where flimsy justifications like " to expand competition " and " create a fair playing field " start rolling off the tongues of aggressive AFS agents .
Nor is the Agency for Financial Stability the only part of the Dodd plan worth worrying about .
His regulatory overhaul proposal also includes a Consumer Financial Protection Agency , similar to the one currently being considered in the House .
Even more aggressive than Rep. Frank 's version , this consumer agency would also ultimately protect the market to death .
The Wall Street Journal pointed out last week that the Dodd overhaul plan would open up anyone who associates with someone accused of fraud to civil suits , even if prosecutors have no proof or are just on a fishing expedition .
The Dodd proposal also repeats the errors of the Obama plan on issues like derivative reform , hedge funds , and executive compensation .
There are a few good ideas in the proposal .
Consolidating federal banking rules into a single regulator could do a lot to simplify and refocus banking rules .
Though that reform should n't be kept separate from consumer protection concerns , and it would be inappropriate for the regulator to force the various charters under its supervision into one - size - fits - all regulations .
The Dodd plan also requires large firms to provide " funeral plans " outlining how they could be quickly and effectively shutdown in the case of an emergency .
In theory , this is just a part of responsible risk management .
But the Dodd plan treads into dangerous waters by giving AFS the authority to approve or reject such plans .
In the end , the Dodd plan is on the highest order of hubris .
Politicians in Washington honestly believe they can fix the economy and prevent future calamity .
Sure , they were n't quite right when they " fixed " the system after Enron , or when they " reformed " the rules under Clinton , or when they " fixed " everything after the Savings and Loan Crisis .
But this time will be different !
At least Elliot Ness knew enough to change tactics after several initial failures to capture Al Capone .
The current financial crisis was largely brought about by well - intentioned regulations that just got it wrong .
We thought that 8 percent was enough capital for banks to hold onto in case they ran into trouble .
We thought that subprime mortgage - backed securities were decreasing risk .
We were wrong on both counts .
We can't anticipate every risk .
Under the Dodd plan — like the Obama and Frank plans before it — we 'll be proven wrong once again .
Anthony Randazzo is a policy analyst for Reason Foundation .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : haskell - mode 2.6
Fellow haskellers : Haskell - mode 2.6 has been released .
*
By web : http://projects.haskell.org/haskellmode-emacs/
*
By darcs : http://code.haskell.org/haskellmode-emacs/
This is mainly a bugfix release ; to anyone using haskell - indentation , the big news will be that it no longer under some circumstances hands you a parse error and refuses to insert a newline , or backspace .
It still gives you a parse error .
It just tries its best to proceed anyway .
There are also some new features , courtesy of Alex Ott : More font - lock symbols , and a hayoo function .
In the case of the font - lock symbols , your mileage may vary on how nice the picked ones are .
Mine certainly does .
As such , I 'm announcing open season on font - lock symbols : Comment to your heart 's desire , and I 'll use whatever you decide on for the next official release .
The tab - cycle implementation is thanks to ivanm , whose random comments can trigger hours and hours of work .
I 'll just quote from the NEWS file now : === Changes since 2.5.1 * haskell - indentation : Pressing tab in the rightmost position now moves to the leftmost , by default with a warning .
* Typo fix :
One haskell - indentation variable had ended up in the haskell - ntation customize group .
* haskell - hoogle aliased to hoogle , haskell - hayoo aliased to hayoo * Courtesy of Alex Ott : - Additional unicode symbols for font - lock - symbols : ( ) == /= >= <= !!
&& || sqrt - M-x haskell - hayoo search added , opens using browse - url - Bug - fix for inferior - haskell - type *
If haskell - indentation errors out , it now fail - safes to inserting a literal newline or deleting one character , for return and backspace respectively .
-- Svein Ove Aas
You do n’t need to have kids to love photographing toys .
They ’re simple , versatile , and rich with creative possibilities .
They ’re great in all seasons , all types of weather , and all kinds of photography .
One reason why toys are such great subjects is because of their personality .
Unlike other objects , toys seem to have feelings .
In some ways , they ’re more like people than objects .
This emotional capacity is especially true when the toys have faces , like action figures , Lego people , or stuffed animals .
These toys can express almost any emotion , from sadness to pure joy .
Though they ’re objects , you can pose them like people , creating mini stories with each picture .
If you ’ve got a few toys on hand , why not include them in your next shoot ?
Many photographers in our Flickr group have tried it out with fantastic results .
Here are a few of their shots , plus ideas for getting started .
Humor
If you ’re struggling to be creative with toys , try to think of something that makes you smile or laugh .
Perhaps it ’s a love affair between two unlikely toys , or a funny way of using an everyday object .
Imagine the life of the toy you ’re photographing , and find the humor .
pixlilli – Love !!!
pixlilli – Hello mummy !
Ciaran Magee – Rock Star
Rudaki1959 – Unbreakable lens
xstc – Self Build – Always follow the instructions
Thematic
Working with the same idea , theme , or characters in several photos is another way to spur creativity .
Toys are excellent subjects for a series , especially if you start to imagine a background story .
This story can be even more striking or humorous if you work with well - known characters , like Star Wars figures .
Then , your image will have two layers : the famous story , plus the story you create in your image .
pixlilli – Boba feet
pixlilli – Levitation
pixlilli – La pluie tu eviteras
Ralph – Fascinating Amsterdam
xstc – Foggy Morning
xstc – Daffodils
Abandoned Toys
You do n’t necessarily have to make up a story to take an interesting toy photo .
You can discover stories in all toys , especially if they ’re old or abandoned .
Forgotten toys , whether they ’re dusty dolls or empty tricycles , makes the viewer wonder what happened .
An abandoned toy does n’t need any other story but the one it ’s already telling .
Yuri Bogdanoff – Abandoned
kenneth r rowley – Abandoned By Time
piet ps – beach
Julio López Saguar – Losing battle
julian oh – So long , lonesome …
Bokeh
While you can technically use bokeh for any object , toys are one of the best subjects for the technique .
That ’s because they can “ interact ” with the background , leading the eye smoothly from the sharp areas to the blurry bokeh .
This connection between the sharp subject and the background blur makes the entire photo look interesting and purposeful , not just a coincidental bokeh shot .
pixlilli – Rayon x
Greig Reid – Crusher figure
Nic Taylor – Pencils
xstc – Lego Tower
Melinda Szente –
That ’s my dog !
xstc – Iron Man
Delyth Angharad – Dinosaur Sunset
Portraits
If you ’ve taken portraits of children before , you might be used to including toys in portraits .
They ’re a natural , commonsense prop .
But instead of focusing on the child , why not bring the toy into focus ?
Make the toy the hero of the photo instead .
You can still end up with an amazing portrait , only with a fresh perspective .
jordan parks – bunny
Greig Reid – Whirlwind and Zap figures
Greig Reid – Son with his YooHoo collection
jordan parks – legos
Matthew Coughlin – Swimming Time
aminefassi – Bond , My name is Jade Bond
pixlilli – Sieste ..
Still Life
As fun as the above ideas area , you do n’t need to do anything special to create a cool toy photo .
A “ simple ” still life can be striking enough .
In other words , if you ’re low on inspiration , just try a few shots of the toy as it is .
With good lighting and the right angle , you might end up with a shot worth keeping .
Ilovetodig0044 – Toad
Marco Bergner – Old Toy Car
xstc – Look Out
Greig Reid – Double Trouble figure
xstc – Disappearing Mini
Science fiction and related works from all over the world : reviews and remarks .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Manchester United star Ryan Giggs was crowned 2009 BBC Sports Personality of the Year in Sunday 's award ceremony .
The Welsh winger , 36 , is the most decorated player in English football with a record 11th Premier League winners ' medal secured this year .
Formula 1 champion Jenson Button was second with world heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis securing third spot .
" This is a shock as you can tell by the speech I 've prepared , " joked Giggs when collecting his award .
" I grew up watching this programme .
To see the people that have won it and to be here is unbelievable . "
A surprised Giggs is the first footballer to claim the prestigious trophy since England midfielder David Beckham in 2001 , with Michael Owen ( 1998 ) , Paul Gascoigne ( 1990 ) and Bobby Moore ( 1966 ) the only other football winners .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
With the public choosing their favourite from the shortlist of 10 by phone on the night , Giggs received 29.4 % of the vote ( 151,842 votes ) ahead of Button ( 18.74 % - 96,770 ) and Ennis ( 15.58 % - 80,469 ) with a total of 516,473 votes cast .
This year has seen Giggs win the Professional Footballers ' Association Player of the Year award for the first time in April and the Wales Sports Personality of the Year award , and in a United shirt he has made his 800th appearance , scored his 150th goal and helping them reach the Champions League final .
The Cardiff - born star added : " I am playing for the greatest manager that has ever lived and I 'm playing for the greatest club .
Perhaps I 've become more appreciated as I have got older .
" It 's unusual for a 36 - year - old to be playing with a team like Manchester United for 20 years but I am enjoying it and long may it continue . "
After Ferguson revealed on Friday that his veteran playmaker had been offered a new contract for next season , Giggs said : " It was the first I had heard of it the other day so I was quite pleased .
Hopefully there will be another year after that . "
606 : DEBATE I wish to extend my congratulation to Ryan Giggs on winning .
Thoroughly deserved to a man who is a credit to himself , his family , football club and country .
RedFAK
One of the most emotional moments at the Sheffield Arena was Spanish golf legend Seve Ballesteros - watching on a video screen from home - being honoured with the Lifetime Achievement award .
The 52 - year - old , still recuperating from a brain tumour that required four life - threatening operations , received a standing ovation before receiving the award from a tearful compatriot and golfer José María Olazábal .
Other vote totals were : cyclist Mark Cavendish in fourth ( 55,960 ) , gymnast Beth Tweddle ( 38,907 ) , Daley ( 36,929 ) , tennis player Andy Murray ( 19,936 ) , Strauss ( 17,237 ) , boxer David Haye ( 13,916 ) , athlete Phillips Idowu ( 4,507 ) .
After the 10 contenders were introduced to a packed audience at the start of the evening , Major Phil Packer received the Helen Rollason award .
The Sussex - born man was awarded for his extensive charity work - which included running the London Marathon this year - and revealed he would be setting up the British Inspiration Trust after leaving the army next February .
The 15 - year - old diver Tom Daley , who was already in the list of 10 for the main Sports Personality award , began the night in grand fashion by getting his hands on the Young Sports Personality trophy for the second time .
Next up was comedian Eddie Izzard looking a little more refreshed than three months ago when the 47 - year - old was finishing his 43rd marathon in 51 days in aid of Sports Relief .
After being handed the BBC Sports Personality special award , Izzard said : " Everything was painful .
People asked me if I enjoyed the running , but I enjoyed the stopping !
I staggered , I ran and I crawled . "
The team award went to the England men's cricket team following their Ashes success against the Australians this summer , led by captain and top 10 Sports Personality contender Andrew Strauss .
Strauss , in South Africa with the team , said : " What I am most proud about is that we have stuck together in some pretty tough times .
That is what got us over the line in the Ashes and this award can act as a spur to achieve more in the future . "
Fabio Capello was named Coach of the Year on the back of the 63 - year - old Italian guiding England to the 2010 World Cup , while Olympic and world sprint champion Usain Bolt claimed the Overseas trophy after his fireworks on the track .
The 72 - year - old swimming instructor Doreen Adcock from Milton Keynes won the Sports Unsung Hero award .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GNOME ponders its code of conduct
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
A wide - ranging discussion on the GNOME Foundation mailing list got rather heated at times , but touched on a number of different problems that many projects struggle with .
The GNOME code of conduct ( CoC ) and how to keep the project 's communication channels free of inappropriate content — including flamefests — was the topic , which makes it fairly ironic that a sub - thread descended into flames .
While there was talk of voting on whether GNOME should leave the GNU project , cooler heads seem to have prevailed , so any vote on that is unlikely .
The negative publicity that resulted from that proposal , however , led to suggestions that the mailing list cease being public — or that a private list be created — essentially keeping some portion of the foundation 's discussion of its business out of the public eye .
The discussion sprung out of some complaints that the foundation board got about an inappropriate blog posting from a community member .
Since many blogs of community members are aggregated on Planet GNOME ( aka pgo ) , which is run by the project , inappropriate content could chase contributors away or reflect badly on the project .
But the roots of the concern go back further than that .
It was brought up by foundation member Dave Neary back in May , but it certainly was n't new then either :
I have talked to too many people who do n't read pgo , or have turned off individual blogs , do n't use IRC any more , or avoid certain mailing lists , because they are unhappy with the tone & content of discussions & posts .
If someone is behaving in a way which is negatively affecting a significant portion of the GNOME community , the board should be the place to go where you can complain , and have your complaint publicly recorded ( in the minutes of a board meeting , for example ) with anonymity , investigated and evaluated , and if necessary , have the guilty party censured and / or punished .
Currently , this social policing role has been completely ignored by the foundation and its leaders .
Not surprisingly , there are mixed feelings about having a " policing " role for the board .
But , any kind of solution to the problem requires an understanding of what " inappropriate " means , and that 's where the CoC comes into play .
The code itself is pretty general , listing four things that community members should strive for :
Be respectful and considerate
Be patient and generous
Assume people mean well
Try to be concise
GNOME creates software for a better world .
We achieve this by behaving well towards each other .
The overall intent is summarized in the code : " " Also unsurprisingly there seems to be little disagreement about the contents of the code , at least until some kind of enforcement enters the picture .
In November , partially as a response to the problem reported to the board , board member Lucas Rocha proposed that the CoC become " an official document that new Foundation members are expected to explicitly agree with before being accepted " .
But the CoC explicitly states that there is no " official enforcement of these principles " , so it does n't sit well with some that folks could just agree without there being a way to do something if they fail to follow it .
Others , of course , complain that the CoC is far too vague to serve as any kind of guide for punishing violations .
There are also those who think the problem is small enough that it could be handled on an ad hoc basis by the pgo editors , as Philip Van Hoof suggested :
My opinion is that incidents like this can be better managed by asking the maintainers of the planet to do editorial control , and to not shun away from skipping blog posts .
I think this could use some guidelines ( for both the bloggers and the planet maintainers who for example could inform the blogger about their decision , allow the blogger to adapt his text , etc ) .
Others are concerned that GNOME is losing community members because of the tone and content of Planet GNOME , mailing lists , and other channels .
Would a more formal enforcement section of the CoC — like the one proposed ( and later withdrawn ) by Jason D. Clinton — actually help keep those members ?
Or would it just lead to a different set becoming disgruntled with the " rules " and leaving because of that ?
Those are difficult questions to answer .
It is also unclear how many people have been put off by inappropriate behavior rather than having left because their interests or employment changed .
Most seemed to be reasonably comfortable with enforcement being left as it is .
There are some obvious problems — porn or spam were mentioned — that will be dealt with immediately , any others will be left to the discretion of pgo editors , community members in mailing list threads , and / or the board .
For Planet GNOME , though , there is a great deal of content that falls well within the CoC , but might be objectionable for other reasons .
The site is set up to be " a window into the world , work and lives of GNOME hackers and contributors " , but some are not that thrilled with non-GNOME content being posted there .
There was discussion of various technical measures that could be taken : getting bloggers to limit their pgo aggregation to posts with certain tags , adding some kind of voting system to pgo that would raise and lower the visibility of posts based on their popularity , and so on .
Many current and former GNOME contributors post about their work on their blog and sometimes those posts refer to non-free software they are working on .
That seems perfectly in keeping with the stated mission of pgo , but it did n't sit well with Richard Stallman : " GNOME should not provide proprietary software developers with a platform to present non-free software as a good or legitimate thing . "
He suggested several different options for how he thought the project should discourage those kinds of postings .
That set off a firestorm .
Stallman is strident , and steadfast , in his opposition to non-free software — something that should surprise no one — but he tends to be generally polite in his email .
Those who were upset by his suggestions were rather less so .
Their position is that the Planet is following its mission and that none of its content is endorsed by the project .
David " Lefty " Schlesinger put it this way :
Planet GNOME is not presenting anything as anything .
It does not have an editorial stance to espouse , nor a political position to promote .
It 's about people , not polemics .
Stallman disagreed , noting : " What it says [ has ] a substantial effect on what people think GNOME is all about . "
Eventually , Van Hoof proposed a vote on GNOME 's membership in the GNU project , because he believes that GNOME members do not agree with Stallman :
I understand your position .
I think you might not understand the position of a lot of GNOME foundation members and contributors .
Their position is n't necessarily compatible with your position that GNOME should " avoid presenting proprietary software as legitimate " .
Van Hoof eventually withdrew the proposal for lack of support , along with a recognition that GNOME 's membership in GNU is largely symbolic .
When Behdad Esfahbod pointed to the criteria for GNU software , Luis Villa noted that " we 've always ignored about 90 % of this page with no ill effects for either us or GNU . "
GNOME and GNU have broadly similar goals , but overall are not closely aligned .
Villa continued :
Which is really my position on the whole thing : the adults in this project have always treated requests from GNU the same way we treat requests from any other community member - if it makes sense , we do it ; if it does n't make sense , we ignore it .
The proposal to leave the GNU project did hit Slashdot and other outlets , though , which was seen as a bit of negative publicity the project could just as soon do without .
Esfahbod proposed closing the mailing list to members only , but later amended that to propose creating a new private list .
The consensus seems to be against the proposal , citing decision - making transparency as a desirable feature for GNOME .
Murray Cumming pointed out that hiding the discussions will not solve the problem :
You cannot stop silliness on the internet .
If you try to hide things then you 'll just make the hidden information seem even more interesting and you 'll have to argue with random unrepresentative public statements without the benefit of pointing people to the archives for the facts .
Supporters of the idea point out that other projects do have some private lists , and that allowing non-members to post can just derail the conversation — much as Stallman and others did .
Clinton describes the need for a private list as follows :
This is about signal - to - noise ratio , not about keeping secrets .
It does n't matter if someone leaks the discussion ; in fact , we should always behave on - private as though it could and should happen .
It objective is to cohesively attain consensus amongst ourselves without constant , distracting nit-picking by others whose weight of opinion is not as equal as ours .
One worry is that either all the conversations would migrate to the private list , reducing the transparency of the project , or that all would stay on the public list , which would make the new list moot .
Sometimes projects need to struggle with issues , doing so in the open may not make for the best press , but it may make for the best decisions .
As Miguel de Icaza put it :
Raw community discussion is like a kitchen , it might not be pretty , but what counts is the result .
We should be proud of the software that we create , how we got there , and the fact that we have nothing to hide .
This is not the first time GNOME has struggled with some of these issues , nor is it likely to be the last .
There is much for other projects to consider here : content of aggregation sites , codes of conduct and what to do if they are violated , project transparency , and so forth .
We are lucky in many ways that GNOME did have these discussions in the open .
Other projects may make other decisions based on what has been discussed here , but the recent threads certainly will provide much in the way of food for thought as those decisions are being made .
" I 'd always told them that we could do whatever we put our minds to , but that 's something that adults tell kids all the time , " says Hauger , a father of three .
" You want them to believe in themselves , even though you know that not everyone is going to be a superstar . "
The car was the Italian police force 's pride and joy
Italian police have crashed their most valuable patrol car , a 165,000 - euro ( £ 150,000 ) Lamborghini .
The accident happened near the northern Italian town of Cremona where it was on display at a student jobs fair .
Reports say the car swerved to avoid another vehicle which crossed into its path , ploughing into two stationary cars .
It was damaged beyond repair .
One of the two officers in the vehicle at the time of the incident suffered a broken rib , the other received bruises .
The Lamborghini car , painted in the Italian police force 's blue and white colours , was a gift to the force from the carmakers in 2004 .
The six - speed luxury vehicle with a 500 - horsepower engine is designed to go from zero to 100 km / h ( 60 mph ) in four seconds .
As for the matter of cost :
If you take only a daily multivitamin mainly as a medical insurance policy , it certainly wo n’t hurt your health  as long as you do not already eat a lot of fortified food .
And it could help .
But it will require spending some money .
And if you take a multivitamin and a few individual vitamins and minerals , it ’s even more worth your while to make sure you ’re not paying more than you need to .
Here ’s how to get the most vitamin for the least money .
USE ONLY WHAT YOU NEED Popping too many vitamin pills is not only a waste of money but can be bad for your health .
Talk to your doctor about what added vitamins or minerals you might require ; you can ask for a blood test to learn what you might be lacking .
For example , if you do n’t get enough vitamin D  many people who live in the northern states or who wear sunscreen everyday are low on this crucial vitamin  then buy just a D supplement .
Standard multivitamins will probably not have the levels of D you require ( many doctors suggest taking 1,000 to 2,000 international units a day ) .
If your doctor recommends a specific supplement , like omega - 3 , ask in what form you should be taking it .
Image A Vitamin Shoppe location in Manhattan .
ConsumerLab.com found products sold by vitamin chains tended to be more reliable than drugstore brands .
Credit ...
Chester Higgins Jr./ The New York Times
FIND A REPUTABLE SOURCE
Vitamins and minerals are commodity items , and every manufacturer has access to the same ingredients .
For that reason , researchers and scientists say paying more for a name brand wo n’t necessarily buy you better vitamins .
“ When we measure levels of vitamins in the blood , we find the levels are the same whether the person was taking a generic brand or a name brand , ” says Dr. Rimm , who has been studying the effects of vitamins for 20 years .
THE four Catholic archbishops of Dublin who preceded Dr Diarmuid Martin , were aware of complaints against priests for sexually abusing children — a practice that went on for over 35 years .
But the most senior figures in the Irish hierarchy did not report these crimes to the gardai because of an obsessive culture of secrecy and a desire to preserve the power and aura of the Church and to avoid giving scandal to their congregations .
The report of the Commission set up to investigate how the Dublin Archdiocese dealt with sex abuse scandals from 1975 to 2004 will find that there was little or no concern for the welfare of the abused children or other children who might come into contact with deviant and even paedophile priests .
While the Commission will find that there was no evidence of a paedophile ring operating among priests in the Dublin Archdiocese , there were distressing connections between more than 40 priests serving in parishes and religious orders in the diocese .
Some boys who were abused by one priest were later passed on to their friends and abused again .
In another case , the notorious sex abuser Fr Sean Fortune , who committed suicide , gave the key of a holiday cottage to another priest who abused a girl there .
The Commission , which has trawled through thousands of files over more than nine years , will find that the powerful bishops of Dublin were more concerned with the power and pomp of their Church than they were with the children in their care .
Some of those who complained were met with denial , arrogance and even cover - up , the shocking report will reveal .
The report will say that not one of the four archbishops who presided over the Dublin diocese from the 1960s revealed their knowledge of widespread sexual abuse by the clergy to the gardai until late 1995 .
The Commission will find that while Cardinal Desmond Connell was shocked at the extent of child sexual abuse among the Dublin diocesan clergy and religious orders , he was slow to recognise the seriousness of the situation , took bad counsel from legal and medical advisers and failed to realise that clerical sex abusers could not be dealt with in secret .
It also says that while he was kind and sympathetic to some of those who complained to him , he appeared not to comprehend the suffering of victims .
The Commission will also report that Archbishop Connell 's strategies , while legally acceptable , added to the trauma and grief of abused children .
The Commission is expected to be scathing in its criticism of the bishops , who , it says , were all highly educated men who should have known that criminal acts should have been reported to the gardai as a matter of course .
In one of its most damning findings , the Commission will say that the Archdiocese of Dublin was aware from 1987 of the seriousness of allegations against its priests and that it took out specific insurance against sexual misconduct by the clergy .
The Commission is also expected to express its deep concern that in some cases professionals , such as psychiatrists and counsellors , who were asked to deal with clerical sex abusers , were not given the full facts of the priest 's history of abuse .
As a result , priests were sometimes allowed back into parishes unsupervised .
Despite the trenchant criticism of the Catholic Church in Dublin since the era of Archbishop John Charles McQuaid , the Commission , which was headed by High Court judge Yvonne Murphy , will thank the current Archbishop of Dublin , Dr Diarmuid Martin , and his legal team , who gave unrestricted access to its files .
The report is also expected to be critical of the State and some gardai for not intervening much earlier to challenge the authority and power of the Church .
It will say that while some members of the force investigated sex - abusing clergy , others in the Garda Siochana seem to have regarded the clergy as being above the law .
The report was presented to Justice Minister Dermot Ahern but has since been modified because a number of those named in the original document are still facing prosecution .
It is believed that a copy of the report , which has since been edited for legal reasons , will be presented to the Cabinet on Tuesday and is expected to be published in full later in the week .
red food coloring could cause your stool to appear bloody .
if you 're talking about chipotle the restaurant it sounds like you have a medical issue .
if you 're talking about chipotle the dried pepper ( sometimes packaged in a jar ) , then there 's the slight possibility this could be your problem .
Yes , this is for real .
And yes , it is so freakin’ awesome .
It ’s the secretly infamous , miniature golf course Ahlgrim Acres , in the basement of Ahlgrim Funeral Home .
On our recent Chicago trip we finally made it up to Palatine to experience this amazing , oddball gem .
Originally built for their kids back in the 60s , the 9 haunted holes ( complete with spooky music ) are open to the public ; when they ’re not conducting services , that is .
More info below .
[ like ]
Jump the skull !
August putting through the coffin .
Notice the real estate sign on top , “ Homes for living “ .
The half - dozen video games and pinball machines are all free .
Score !
Mel putting under a bloody scythe .
Fred putting into the Ahlgrim Cryptorium .
The Cryptorium has three grave obstacles you must avoid , or incur a two - stroke penalty for “ disturbing a grave ” .
Ahlgrim Acres has both cruise - ship shuffleboard and a bar - style shuffleboard table .
Plus , pool tables and foosball .
Yes , this place has everything you could wish for in a funeral home .
Except beer .
Everett frozen with fear fun .
That ai n’t mistletoe .
No minigolf course is complete without a windmill .
Spotted this diorama upstairs in the funeral home .
They just do n’t do portraits like this anymore .
If you ’re anywhere near Chicago call Ahlgrim ’s and make an appointment to play golf .
They ’re super - nice folks .
And it ’ll give you one of the most random experiences ever .
LOCATION :
AHLGRIM FUNERAL SERVICES /
AHLGRIM ACRES MINIATURE GOLF
201 N. Northwest Hwy
Palatine IL 60067
phone : ( 847 ) 358-7411
website : www.ahlgrimffs.com/golfcourse.htm
FOLLOW ÜNNECESSARY ÜMLAUT
:: Twitter :: Facebook
Abstract
This paper proves the non-derivability of induction in second order dependent type theory ( P 2 ) .
This is done by providing a model construction for P 2 , based on a saturated sets like interpretation of types as sets of terms of a weakly extensional combinatory algebra .
We give countermodels in which the induction principle over natural numbers is not valid .
The proof does not depend on the specic encoding for natural numbers that has been chosen ( like e.g. polymorphic Church numerals ) , so in fact we prove that there can not be an encoding of natural numbers in P2 such that the induction principle is satised .
The method extends immediately to other data types , like booleans , lists , trees , etc .
In the process of the proof we establish some general properties of the models , which we think are of independent interest .
Moreover , we show that the Axiom of Choice is not derivable in P 2 .
1 Introduction
In second order dependent type theory , P 2 , we can encode all kinds of ...
Making truly accurate maps of the world is difficult , because it is mathematically impossible to flatten a sphere 's surface without distorting or cracking it .
The new technique developed by computer scientist Jack van Wijk at the Eindhoven University of Technology in the Netherlands uses algorithms to " unfold " and cut into the Earth 's surface in a way that minimises distortion , and keeps the distracting effect of cutting into the map to a minimum .
( Image : J van Wijk / The Cartographic Journal / Maney Publishing )
The basic technique is similar to these standard attempts to fit the Earth 's surface onto " unfolded " platonic solids , known as nets .
The difference is that van Wijk 's nets have many more sides and can be shaped intelligently so the cuts made respect features like continents and oceans .
The results look very different to standard , familiar map projections but distort the true shape of our planet less .
( Image : J van Wijk / The Cartographic Journal / Maney Publishing ) Advertisement
For example , guiding the algorithms to respect landmasses results in this map with the continents in a line .
Because many cuts are made , the unbroken areas are small but distortion is minimised , in the same way as the more sides a geodesic dome has , the closer it is to a true sphere .
( Image : J van Wijk / The Cartographic Journal / Maney Publishing )
This map was made by requesting that water and land be kept separate .
( Image : J van Wijk / The Cartographic Journal / Maney Publishing )
Giving water priority above all else results in the globe 's oceans being lumped together , surrounded by their coastlines .
Image : J van Wijk / The Cartographic Journal / Maney Publishing
Map projections made by applying a single mathematical transformation to the whole globe , like this familiar Mercator projection , necessarily distort some information .
In this case , the size of the continents is distorted , although their shape is largely unchanged .
Landmasses near the poles , such as Greenland or Antarctica , are made to look much bigger compared to equatorial areas than they really are .
( Image : NASA )
Dell customers are furious at the computer maker after it failed to deliver products in time for the holiday season , and instead offered a " Holiday Card " to place under their Christmas trees to replace undelivered gifts .
The company issued a statement on 17 December in which it said that it had been hit by order delays due to " increased demand [ and ] industry - wide constraints on some components " .
" Especially at this time of year , we are sorry for the frustration , " wrote Dell chief blogger Lionel Menchaca on the Direct2 Dell site .
He said some Dell products had been affected by shortages of memory and larger capacity hard drives .
However , customers are continuing to complain about Dell 's increasingly lacklustre delivery performance .
" Dell had been taking orders and assigning delivery dates of 2 - 3 weeks out , " one customer told The Register .
" So for folks ordering late November , a mid December date was promised .
As that date got close , the delivery date would slip a week .
A week later , it would slip another week and so on .
For some unexplained reason , Dell somehow forgot how to answer customer 's emails leaving them in the dark . "
He claimed that Dell 's automated processing system to notify customers of delays was suffering regular outages , preventing many from tracking their orders with the company .
Similarly customers have griped in the comments section on the Direct2 Dell blog .
" It 's frustrating because Dell is accepting orders that they are not able to fulfill and they expect their customers to sit by until they get their inventory in order , " grumbled meechigan .
" Most of us ordered a computer because we wanted it or needed it for a specific purpose .
I understand minor delays but this is ridiculous and a bad business practice .
" Dell has not sent any updates or options for modifying the order which they are unable to fulfill .
If the world is running out of high capacity hard drives , then perhaps Dell should not sell computers configured to have those unavailable parts . "
We asked Dell to comment on this story , but at time of writing it had n't got back to us with a statement .
Meanwhile the firm's EMEA flak , James Gibb , responded to Twitter user dell_ruins_xmas on 18 December .
" Genuinely sorry for the delays here Dan [ AKA dell_ruins_xmas ] .
I know you 've seen the blog from Lionel and we are trying to address these issues , " he said .
However , since then , the dell_ruins_xmas Twitter account has mysteriously disappeared . ®
30 Rock star and comedian Tracy Morgan said that being gay is a “ choice ” during a raunchy performance Friday night at Carnegie Hall in New York City that promptly emptied seats .
His statement about sexual orientation was part of a lewd routine that included jokes about a potential sex tape between President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama , according to the Gatecrasher blog of the New York Daily News .
“ People seemed to not be laughing at his jokes , but more because they were shocked and appalled with what was coming out of his mouth , ” one witness told the blog .
“ Morgan talked trash about homosexuality ( saying it ’s ‘ a choice , ’ which drew gasps ) , drugs , pornography and what he calls ‘ politricks ’ -- far edgier subjects than what his alter ego , Jordan , gets air time for . ”
The performance drew a standing ovation from Spike Lee , John Singleton , and 30 Rock costar Jane Krakowski , according to Gatecrasher .
Description : Cute Cali does a sexy strip in her bedroom , showing off her purple lingerie and then her sweet sweet body !
Views : 180579 Date : 06/23/08 Favorited : 26
Productivity is usually a good thing .
Usually .
Not always .
Too much GTD or too much effectiveness in your life can become annoying at some point .
Being highly productive can really help you become some sort of a freak , even if you obviously do n’t want that .
All those lists , thoughts capturing devices , advanced task processing systems .
All those fancy words like “ next actions ” , “ hipster cards ” or “ mind like water ” .
All those tasks carefully squeezed into your agenda , well , all that could give you a very hard time in a normal , non-productivity related , social conversation .
To be honest , most of the people I heard talking about “ mind like water ” were doing it mostly like a waterfall , not like a still lake .
I think you know the type : hyper-active , super talkative and proud of the last uber cool productivity gadget he bought or the last productivity blog post he read .
The good news is that you can still be productive while avoiding the pitfalls of a productivity freak syndrome .
Here are 7 verified ways to help you avoid being left alone in the middle of a vivid social conversation in which you just tried to talk about – exactly !
– nothing else but productivity .
1. Do n’t Plan the Fun
Do you have items like “ go out in the park with the kids ” in your to do lists ?
Or something like “ have a romantic dinner with my partner ” ?
Ditch this .
Immediately .
You ca n’t really plan the fun in your life .
It ’s a contradiction in terms .
If you plan it , it ’s not fun anymore .
It ’s just another chore .
Another task to be ticked off from your to do list ..
Having fun is a spontaneous activity and cannot be confined into a productivity system .
The very thought of productively increasing your fun makes me laugh .
How many times you attended to a party and had no fun at all ?
Well , I ’m sure that behind being at that party there was a productivity “ reason ” .
Maybe you do n’t call it “ productivity ” , but it was something like “ cross out that thing from my agenda ” .
Mark the task done somehow .
Which , of course , you did .
Only there was n’t any fun involved .
How many lousy romantic dinners you had ?
I bet every time you had them you looked up every single detail in advance and made sure everything will be just fine .
Only it was n’t .
You had no fun at that dinner .
Planning the fun in your life is the most subtle yet powerful attempt of productivity to kill your spontaneity .
Your normal reactions to reality stimulus .
You can schedule in advance to DO something , that ’s true , but you ca n’t schedule in advance to FEEL something .
Instead of planning your fun activities , you should just make some time box in your schedule for yourself .
If you want to spend time with other people , your friends or your kids , just make some space in your time schedule and be there .
Show up .
And see where it goes .
Do n’t plan it , just watch it unfolding ahead .
If you want to throw a great party , by all means , do all the preparations .
Just do n’t expect the party to automatically rock just because you had fantastic food .
Likewise , if you want a romantic dinner , just be romantic , do n’t plan the next actions .
Do something unexpected or extraordinaire .
Which , by the way , it ’s the complete opposite of being productive .
2. Share Your Learning
Share what you learned about productivity with your friends .
Ask for their opinion .
The first thing you ’ll notice is that all that information is now filtered through your own perceptions and experiences .
A lot of what you thought is important is now modeled by your own needs .
While you ’re talking with somebody else about all those new concepts or ideas you ’re slowly getting rid of the initial hype and start to have a better understanding of the system altogether .
( Generally speaking , sharing what you ’ve learned isÂ great way to internalize everything you want to learn . )
The second thing you can realize by sharing is to inform your peers about the results you had by using that specific system .
No need to talk about technical stuff now , just simple things like : I ’ve done twice the things I was usually doing on a Tuesday so far .
Watch for their reactions .
You ’ll be surprised to notice that being productive has little if no impact whatsoever in your close relationships .
Yet you unconsciously hope that being productive will enhance your social or intimate life too .
The most important point here is to create a feed - back loop .
A way to check out your social status every now and then and see if you ’re not deluding yourself .
Being productive is meant to do things faster and better , not to alienate you from your friends or colleagues .
Do n’t use the productivity hype as an identity creator : I ’m the GTD guy , or the 4 hours work week guy .
The more you do that , the more you ’ll be identified with “ the productivity freak next office . ”
Just because you ’re updated to the latest productivity news and other people are n’t , does n’t make you better than them .
3. Listen To Others
There is this cultural norm of associating productivity with pro-activity .
Start new projects .
Ignite conversations .
Initiate new ventures .
While this is certainly very important , it also creates a very nasty habit of not listening to other people .
Listening is a fantastic resource .
How many times you found a solution to something just by listening to other guys ?
I know I did this literally hundreds of times .
Just listen carefully , because your question was certainly asked before and there is already somebody who knows the answer .
Listening is fundamental in identifying problems .
Maybe you have the skills to do something faster and better , but if you do n’t know exactly what you have to do , then what ’s the point ?
I see more than often those productivity gurus offering ready made solutions to problems far more complicated than they realize .
They have a limited set of solutions and they try to apply them to every problem they encounter . , regardless of its complexity .
Just because they “ know ” that works .
Only , of course , it does n’t .
Without listening and acknowledging the real problems your productivity skills are worthless .
You ’re just a talkative guy making more trouble then it solves , while bragging too in the process .
Not the nicest personal brand you can build , right ?
Listening is not a productive activity in itself , although it can be enhanced : there really is an art of listening , you know .
But listening , combined with your productivity skills can help you become a useful person too , rather then becoming just a freak annoying people around .
4. Keep Things Simple
The promise of productivity subtly invites you to bring more into your life .
You can manage it , right , so bring more .
More business , more relationships , more everything .
You load yourself with tons of not really necessary stuff just because you can .
Well , you could also run on a roof of a running train , with a little bit of training .
But why would you do something like this on a regular basis ?
You could learn how to juggle with 5 - 6 balls at the same time , becoming better than a circus artist .
Ok , but why would you do it ?
Almost any productivity system out there puts a big emphasis on how to manage everything in your life .
But why would you wanna do that to everything in your life ?
Why do you want to become productive on all the things in your life , including stuff you do n’t need anymore ?
Instead of trying to manage everything , I think it ’s better to get rid of the unnecessary entirely .
Why trying to manage something you do n’t really need ?
This subtle invitation to bring more stuff into your life is the most dangerous thing you can do when you decide to become productive .
You do n’t really need that extra stuff .
It ’s like a competition between people racing on roofs of running trains , just because they can run on roofs of running trains .
Who ’s going to really win such a stupid race ?
The good side of being productive and effective is that you can do more in less time .
Great , now go out and enjoy life , instead bringing more work into the system .
5. Accept and Manage Interruptions
The productivity flow assumes you ’re there 100 % , 8 hours out of 8 , 5 days a week .
If you ’re a normal person .
If you have a busier schedule , it means even more .
Well , reality is different .
You ’re not there 8 full hours .
At some point , life will get in the way somehow .
You will be exposed to interruptions .
It ’s called hazard or the unpredictable .
And the way you react to interruptions is almost always the key to a productive approach .
Accept them .
Manage them .
Respond to those stimuli , because there lies your real growth .
Planning everything ahead will not make you grow .
It will barely create a comfort zone around , but not more .
It ’s this constant stimulus - response dance that gives you new insights and perspectives .
This is where you learn and do your real actions .
A day with a perfect agenda is not a day that will make you evolve as a human being .
It can give you a tricky sense of satisfaction , but if no “ deranging ” interruption occurred , you must start asking yourself questions .
“ Life ’s what ’s happening when you ’re busy making plans ” , said John Lennon and I totally agree with him .
Being productive is not always equal with being happy and fulfilled .
I really do n’t think the goal is to become the perfect business machine out there , but to live your life .
A life filled with unexpected , interruptions , change of plans and contexts .
Avoiding this by hiding under the “ high productivity ” blanket will not only make you lose all the fun , but it will surely create an almost visible aura of “ freak ” - ness around you .
6. Daydreaming Is Not Dangerous
One of the key principles of GTD , “ emptying your mind ” has become one of its biggest flops .
Because when you empty your mind in GTD style , you ’re not really emptying .
Behind every mental throw up of an idea , of a potential project or task , there ’s a continuous , humming thought of being productive .
Every time you jot down something , you ’re doing it because you want to be productive .
So , even if you think you ’re emptying your mind , you ’re not really doing it : you continuously think about how to be more productive .
A productivity freak is a person who ’s always in search of a new gadget or system .
His mind is simply obsessed with the whole productivity process .
Sometimes , those guys really make a business out of this , teaching other people how to become productive .
They ’re the lucky ones .
They found an outlet for the obsession .
But most of the times , the productivity freaks are just circling around , stuffing new productivity techniques in their head until they forget why they wanted to be productive in the first place .
Empty your mind from useless stuff .
But do allow yourself to have thoughts that will never grow into a task .
Imagine things .
Picture new realitites .
Visualize new contexts or situations .
You may call this day dreaming .
And yes , you will be right about that .
But day dreaming is one of the most productive ways to empty your mind .
To switch its focus from the glitches you encountered and allow it to regroup and find new ways to tackle an issue .
One of the core qualities of a dream is its impermanence .
Once finished , it will fly away from your mind .
Leaving it empty , refreshed and clean .
7. Stay Healthy
Being highly productive is often associated with being a busy guy .
In fact , you become productive because you are a busy guy and want to minimize that load .
Alas , you end up by increasing it .
It ’s an addiction .
The higher your productivity level , the busiest you become .
You enjoy so much the thrills you get from being productive that you start putting more and more on your plate just to trigger that feeling again .
Look ma , see how I slack those tasks from my task processing system !
Am I the best , or what ?
Now gimme some more tasks , please !
Man , that feels soooo good !
Ok , I ’m being sarcastic here , but slacking tasks from your lists can really become an addiction .
And just because is associated with productivity does n’t make it less dangerous or less of an addiction .
It ’s on the same league with smoking or alcohol .
Really .
Staying up late to slack tasks from your lists is doing no more good to you than spending the whole night drinking in a bar .
You wo n’t have a hangover in the morning , that ’s true , but you will feel the urge to slack them again in the evening .
And will do this again and again .
The results : you end up stealing time from your sleeping hours , from your social hours , from your family hours .
All that in the name of being productive , how ridiculous is that ?
Eat well .
Sleep well .
Exercise .
Engage in physical activities and change your focus .
Being caught in a constant flow of productive tasks will most likely generate a flow of positive emotions too .
You ’ll feel good about yourself and that is usually a feeling you want to keep as long as you can .
That flow of ego boosting emotions can keep you being productive for hours without a break .
But it ’s tricky .
Just because it feels good does n’t mean it does good to your body .
You need a balance .
Pack some time in advance in your schedule and get out of that nice , ego boosting flow of being productive and do some physical exercise .
Take a walk in the park .
Eat a healthy meal .
Take a nap .
Then you can get back on being productive , with a fresh perspective .
***
To be productive without becoming a productivity freak is an art .
The art of living your life in peace and harmony while still doing everything you planned to do , enjoying abundance and feeling happy and fulfilled .
LONDON -- The U.K .
Treasury concluded that the Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC was well - enough capitalized less than a week before the bank was cut off from wholesale markets and neared collapse , a report into the U.K. response to the financial crisis showed Friday .
The Treasury hit back at those claims , saying it had been preparing plans to intervene weeks earlier .
The ...
A woman walks past an advertisement board of a mobile phone running Google Inc. 's Android operating system at a train station in Tokyo July 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc plans to sell its own cellphone direct to consumers as soon as next year , bypassing wireless operators in a rare strategic move , the Wall Street Journal cited sources as saying on Saturday .
Called the Nexus One and made by smartphone maker HTC , the phone will run on the search giant ’s Android operating system -- around which Motorola and other cellphone makers have built devices -- and will be sold online , the newspaper cited persons familiar with the matter as saying .
Cellular service will have to be bought separately , it added .
The Internet search leader may be sounding a challenge to wireless carriers such as Sprint and Verizon , as well as smartphone makers like Apple .
It marks a departure for the leader in Web advertising , which has rarely sold devices directly to consumers , the newspaper said .
Google ’s Android phones have won attention in the mobile industry lately , with Motorola and Sony Ericsson choosing to launch it with their new top models .
Analysts say the aim is to gain access to valuable consumer data that can be used to sell ads at premium prices , rather than to make money from direct hardware sales , as companies such as Nokia or Research in Motion do .
Research house IDC estimates the market share for Android operating software rose to 5.4 percent from 4.2 percent in July - September in Western Europe , a key market .
Executives at HTC , the Taiwan - based world ’s No. 4 smartphone brand , were not available for comment .
Google was also not available for comment .
Google began sharing a version of the Nexus One with employees in recent days , the newspaper cited its sources as saying .
Photog Arrested For Taking Pictures
He says he complied , but then moments later , Rensberger says police officers approached asking why he was taking photos of kids .
The argument got heated when police say Rensberger started taking photos of the officers , who then arrested him .
Rensberger is now facing battery , resisting arrest and obstructing justice .
” American ’s gone nuts .
We ca n’t take pictures anymore , ” said Rensberger .
He continued , “ Two gentlemen walked into the store and they asked me if I took a picture of Santa and I said yes I did .
And they said , my daughter , my child was on his lap , could you delete that picture ?
And I said , oh , sure .
” ” These officers approached me , one in particular , and asked me , he said , why are you taking pictures of kids ?
And I was shocked by that , ” Rensberger said .
” I snapped off a picture of the officers questioning him and at the same time he grabbed my camera , and I reached up with my left hand to catch the camera from hitting the floor and he said do n’t you touch me , ” he continued .
( CNN ) -- Each Christmas , Christians tell stories about the poor baby Jesus born in a lowly manger because there was no room in the inn .
But the Rev. C. Thomas Anderson , senior pastor of the Living Word Bible Church in Mesa , Arizona , preaches a version of the Christmas story that says baby Jesus was n't so poor after all .
Anderson says Jesus could n't have been poor because he received lucrative gifts -- gold , frankincense and myrrh -- at birth .
Jesus had to be wealthy because the Roman soldiers who crucified him gambled for his expensive undergarments .
Even Jesus ' parents , Mary and Joseph , lived and traveled in style , he says .
" Mary and Joseph took a Cadillac to get to Bethlehem because the finest transportation of their day was a donkey , " says Anderson .
" Poor people ate their donkey .
Only the wealthy used it as transportation . "
Many Christians see Jesus as the poor , itinerant preacher who had " no place to lay his head . "
But as Christians gather around the globe this year to celebrate the birth of Jesus , another group of Christians are insisting that Jesus ' beginnings were n't so humble .
They say that Jesus was never poor -- and neither should his followers be .
Their claim is embedded in the doctrine known as the prosperity gospel , which holds that God rewards the faithful with financial prosperity and spiritual gifts .
A clash of gospels ?
The prosperity gospel has attracted plenty of critics .
But popular televangelists such as the late Oral Roberts , Kenneth Hagin and , today , Creflo Dollar have built megachurches and a global audience by equating piety with prosperity .
The prosperity gospel , however , clashes with the traditional depictions of Jesus as poor .
That 's because the traditional image of Jesus as destitute is wrong , says the Rev. Tom Brown , senior pastor of the Word of Life Church in El Paso , Texas .
The proof , he says , is scattered throughout the New Testament .
One example :
The 12th chapter of the Gospel of John says that Jesus had a treasurer , or a " keeper of the money bag . "
" The last time I checked , poor people do n't have treasurers to take care their money , " says Brown , author of " Devil , Demons and Spiritual Warfare . "
A debate over the economic status of Jesus may seem nonsensical to some .
Does it really matter whether Jesus was rich or poor ?
It matters to people like Luke Timothy Johnson , a prominent New Testament scholar and author .
He says that a rich Jesus is a distortion of history and a threat to one of Christianity 's core teachings :
God 's identification with the poor .
" If Jesus reveals God , there is something powerful about God appearing and working among the poor , " says Johnson , a New Testament professor at Emory University 's Candler School of Theology in Atlanta , Georgia .
" Jesus ' lifestyle is not of one in a gated community or a corporate office , " says Johnson , a former Benedictine monk .
" You do n't have to go through a security gate to get to Jesus .
People touch him .
He reached out and touched children .
His accessibility is one of the most powerful messages of Christianity .
In Jesus , God is with us , and the majority of us are poor . "
' The poor wo n't follow the poor '
Some prosperity preachers extract a different message from the same biblical texts .
Brown , the El Paso minister , says he does n't say that Jesus was rich because he wants to give people an excuse to live self - indulgent lives .
He wants people to understand that Jesus used his material and spiritual riches to help people -- and so should they .
Brown says Jesus ' own words prove that he was n't poor .
" Jesus said you will always have the poor , but you will not always have me , " Brown says .
" Jesus did not affirm himself as being part of the poor class ...
" I believe he was the richest man on the face of the earth because he had God as his source , " Brown says .
Jesus ' wealth is evident even in the Gospel accounts of his execution , some pastors say .
The New Testament reports that Roman soldiers gambled for Jesus ' clothing while he hung on the cross .
They would n't gamble for Jesus ' clothing unless it was expensive , Anderson says .
" I do n't know anybody -- even Pamela Anderson -- that would have people gambling for his underwear , " Anderson says .
" That was some fine stuff he wore . "
Anderson says Jesus never would have had disciples or a large following if he was poor .
He would not have been able to command their respect .
" The poor will follow the rich , the rich will follow the rich , but the rich will never follow the poor , " Anderson says .
Twisting scripture for personal gain ?
Johnson , the Emory University New Testament professor , calls Anderson 's argument " completely illogical . "
" So Martin Luther King must have been a millionaire , " he says .
" Crowds followed Siddhartha Buddha and he was poor .
And mobs followed Mahatma Gandhi , and Gandhi wore a diaper , for God 's sake . "
The argument that Jesus was wealthy because the soldiers gambled for his clothes at his crucifixion does n't makes historical sense , either , says Johnson , author of " Among the Gentiles : Greco - Roman Religion and Christianity . "
" Crucifixion was the sort of execution carried out for slaves and for rebels , " Johnson says .
" It was n't an execution for wealthy people . "
A Baylor University religion professor who specializes in the study of the poor in the Greco - Roman world also says there is " no way " that Jesus could be considered wealthy .
Bruce W. Longenecker says life in Jesus ' world was brutal .
About 90 percent of people lived in poverty .
A famine or a bad crop could ruin a family .
There was no middle class .
" In the ancient world , you were relatively poor or filthy rich , there 's very little in - between , " says Longenecker , author of " Engaging Economics : New Testament Scenarios and Early Christian Reception . "
The New Testament is full of parables where Jesus actually condemns the rich and praises the poor , Longenecker says .
In the sixth chapter of the Gospel of Luke , Jesus actually curses the rich , he says .
" The only way you can make Jesus into a rich man is by advocating torturous interpretations and by being wholly naive historically , " Longenecker says .
Anderson , the Arizona pastor , does n't buy that argument .
He says the church has actually been damaged by teaching that Jesus was poor .
God wants his followers to be rich , not for selfish gain , but to help others in need and spread the gospel .
When he first preached that Jesus was n't poor to his church , Anderson says he " ruffled some feathers . "
Now , he says , his church has 9,000 members and a global ministry .
" That 's so pathetic , to say that Jesus was struggling alone in the dust and dirt , " Anderson says .
" That just makes no sense whatsoever .
He was constantly in a state of wealth . "
British scientists have announced a major breakthrough in understanding the spread of cancer – and it should lead to dramatic improvements in survival rates .
The exciting discoveries – explaining why some cancer cells break free and develop into new tumours – will drive future efforts into developing drugs that can find and then kill those itinerant cells .
Researchers from the Beatson Institute in Glasgow have discovered that a protein which suppresses cancer in healthy people changes sides or " flips " in some sufferers , allowing cancerous cells to break away , move and survive elsewhere in the body .
The protein , P53 , is mutated or flipped in 50 per cent of all tumours , which means that this breakthrough could eventually stop the disease from spreading in thousands of patients a year .
While recent advances in treatments for single - site tumours have saved thousands of lives , nine out of 10 cancer deaths are the result of secondary tumours or metastases .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Understanding the basic science behind why some cancers cells can break away from a tumour , move and
then thrive in other parts of the body is the key to improving the survival rates for cancer patients .
The research , published in the peer - reviewed journal Cell last week , was carried out by two teams of experts working side by side in the pioneering Cancer Research UK institute .
Professor Karen Vousden , co-author and the P53 expert , said : " This is very exciting because we 're talking about huge numbers of people here , not a rare event .
We still need to burrow down more deeply but this takes us a nice step along the way ; it is an extremely important piece of the cancer spreading jigsaw .
Understanding what goes wrong with cells and proteins to allow cancer to spread will make it much easier to fix or stop .
Working together with other experts at the institute has allowed us to make this discovery so quickly . "
Experts agree that the biggest challenge in cancer treatment is to stop it from spreading to other parts of the body .
This is very difficult to replicate in a test tube , which means that advances in this area have been slow .
Working alongside Professor Vousden 's team were the integrin experts .
Integrins are linking molecules which connect cells to non-cellular tissue such as a membrane or collagen .
In cancer patients who have the mutated P53 , the integrins are encouraged to behave abnormally .
They come into the cancer cell , along with the growth factor receptors , before returning to their original position on the cell wall ; all this is co-ordinated by another important protein called rab coupling protein ( RCP ) , the study found .
This rapid process is like the " reach and grab " action used to climb up a ladder which pulls the cell along and encourages it to multiply .
The cycle is repeated over and over again , promoting the growth of the malignant cells .
Professor Jim Norman , co-author and the integrin and RCP expert , said : " Until now the integrin and P53 fields have sat apart .
This research pulls them together .
Drugs that simply block the movement of cells wo n't work ; that 's like blocking the barn door after the horse is bolted .
We now know that we must find drugs that can seek out cells which are inappropriately on the move , and then kill them . "
So I was in Mountain View last week , helping the Mozilla Labs team re‐architect Bespin .
Toward the end of the week , as we were doing some collaborative coding , I opened a terminal and typed j bespin to bring me straight to my checkout of the Bespin source — and Kevin and Joe simultaneously went , “ Wait , what ’d you just do ? ” I realized I ’d been using autojump — the cd substitute that guesses what you mean — for over a year , and had n’t yet pimped it to anyone .
Use it !
You ’ll wonder where it ’s been all your life .
The Brown government is in danger of losing all its scientific advisers in a fascinating moment in which truth meets political and social prejudice .
David Nutt , one of the government 's chief advisers , was fired , in part , for the graph above which tries to assess the relative dangers of various drugs .
Nutt assessed them on three variables :
a ) the physical harm to the individual user caused by the drug ; b ) the tendency of the drug to induce dependence ; c ) the effect of drug use on families , communities and society .
Within each category there are three components , leading to a nine - category matrix of harm , with scores of zero to three for each category .
This is the final list based on that classification .
In brackets is the classification given under the Misuse of Drugs Act , with Class A attracting the most serious penalties .
The Brits classify drug penalties according to the tree types A , B , and C .
It 's hard to read , so here are the drugs in order of harm , according to scientific studies , revealing how some drugs are categorized according to social attitudes rather than reality :
1. Heroin ( Class A )
2. Cocaine ( Class A ) 3 . Barbiturates ( Class B ) 4 .
Street methadone ( Class A ) 5 .
Alcohol ( Not controlled ) 6 . Ketamine ( Class C ) 7 .
Benzodiazepine ( Class B ) 8 .
Amphetamine ( Class B ) 9 . Tobacco
( No class ) 10 .
Bupranorphine ( Class C ) 11 .
Cannabis ( Class B )
12 . Solvents ( Not controlled ) 13 .
4 - MTA ( Class A ) 14 .
LSD ( Class A ) 15 .
Methylphenidate ( Class B ) 16 .
Anabolic steroids ( Class C ) 17 .
GHB ( Class C ) 18 .
Ecstasy ( Class A ) 19 .
Alkylnitrates ( Not controlled ) 20 .
Khat ( Not controlled )
You immediately see that marijuana and ecstasy are far less dangerous than tobacco and alcohol .
Ditto steroids - largely harmless if used properly .
Nutt wonders why the government hires scientists if they refuse to abide by government policies :
My sacking has cast a huge shadow over the relationship of science to policy .
Several of the science experts from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) have resigned in protest and it seems likely that many others will follow suit .
This means the Home Office no longer has a functioning advisory group , which is very unfortunate given the ever - increasing problems of drugs and the emergence of new ones .
Also it seems unlikely that any “ true ” scientist one who can only speak the truth will be able to work for this , or future , Home Secretaries .
Others have suggested a way forward : create a truly independent advisory council .
This is the only realistic way out of the current mess .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Thank you for helping to choose the 2009 African Footballer of the Year .
Voting has now closed .
The winner will be announced on Friday 8 January .
Herman Van Rompuy , the centre - right Belgian prime minister , won the race became the first president of the European Council tonight as Tony Blair was forced to admit defeat in his long - running campaign for the job .
But Britain was rewarded with the key post of high representative for foreign policy , going to the former Labour cabinet minister Lady Ashton .
Tony Blair bowed out of the contest when it became clear that centre - right leaders , who dominate the EU , are determined that the post , created by the Lisbon treaty , should go to their group .
Van Rompuy was strongly supported by France and Germany , and has a reputation as a builder of coalitions .
" Every country should emerge victorious from negotiations , " he told a news conference this evening .
" Even if unity remains our strength , our diversity remains our wealth . "
Gordon Brown moved onto " Plan B " after making a final push for Blair at a meeting of centre - left leaders in Brussels shortly before the summit .
To nobody 's surprise , it became clear that Blair enjoyed no support in the group .
At the meeting Brown pulled the Blair nomination off the table and proposed Ashton , a former leader of the Lords , for high commissioner instead .
" As it became clear that the chances of a Blair presidency , for a number of good reasons , were declining , the prime minister made the decisive intervention in this meeting , " Brown 's spokesman said .
Ashton enjoys strong support in Brussels and is highly regarded by the commission president , José Manuel Barroso .
Ashton , who has never been elected to public office , was a junior minister and leader of the House of Lords in 2007 and had a history as an anti-nuclear weapons campaigner .
She has barely caused a ripple during her year as EU trade chief and has no known foreign policy experience .
Blair is not surprised that he failed to secure the post because he was aware of the " direction of travel " when he telephoned a series of EU leaders .
It is understood that he would have been unsure of taking the post when the Swedish government , which holds the rotating EU presidency , indicated in a paper on Wednesday that the president would have little or no role in foreign affairs .
This appeared to run counter to the Lisbon treaty , which said the president would oversee foreign policy in conjunction with the high representative .
The two new officials are supposed to give the EU a bigger role in such global issues as climate change , terrorism and trade amid the rise of China , Brazil and India .
The two top jobs were created by an EU reform treaty that takes effect in less than two weeks , on 1 December .
The treaty is vague on what the EU president is supposed to do , other than encourage more European integration .
While the EU president was initially seen as the bigger job , much attention has shifted to the foreign minister , who gets a say over the bloc 's annual 7 billion ( $ 10.5 billion ) foreign aid budget and will head a new 5,000 - strong EU diplomatic corps .
Van Rompuy was put forward for the president 's job by Sweden 's Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt who chaired Thursday 's summit , diplomats said .
Before the summit , Van Rompuy met with Belgium 's King Albert to discuss the possible selection of his successor as premier .
Van Rompuy , 62 , is a technocrat with a penchant for haiku poetry .
A Dutch - speaking Christian Democrat , he is unknown abroad , and even in Belgium he keeps a low profile .
Or as a Belgian commentator recently put it : " Van Rompuy opens his mouth only to breathe . "
He drifted into the Belgian premiership in 2008 when his predecessor got bogged down in a nasty linguistic dispute between Dutch - and French - speaking politicians .
German chancellor Angela Merkel and often - outspoken President Nicolas Sarkozy of France did not reveal a preference before the meeting .
The EU leaders have been at pains to strike the right balance between big countries and small , rich and poor , east and west , socialists and conservatives .
Britain had been pushing for a high - profile president .
Others like France and Spain favored a low - profile person limited to chairing summits and greeting foreign dignitaries .
Britain's Brown opted to promote Ashton as foreign policy chief after he realized Blair had no backing from other EU leaders .
Smaller EU nations loathed the idea of being led by Blair , whose strong support for the Iraq war angered many Europeans .
They also have expressed the desire a president from a country that uses the EU 's common euro currency and participates in its passport - free travel zone .
Britain has opted out of those EU projects .
This article needs to conform to our limits on quotations policy .
The subject of this article is a television show , and as a result , there should only be : one quote for less than 30 minutes , two quotes for 30 minute shows , and five quotes for 60 minute shows ( see our TV policy for shows of other lengths ) .
If you would like to add another quote to the page , you may first need to remove one that is already there in order to keep within the bounds of fair use of copyright material .
For reference , the length of this work is : 60 minutes per episode .
Series 1 [ edit ]
October 20th , 2002 [ 1.1 ] [ edit ]
[ The first opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : This ... is a car programme .
There will be no cushions , there will be no rag - rolling , no - one will sing , and at the end of the series , no - one will have a recording contract .
This is our new base , and this is our purpose - built test track .
There are no traffic jams here , ooh ... apart from this one , and no bus -lanes either .
THIS ... IS Top Gear !
November 24th , 2002 [ 1.6 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy :
In tonight 's Top Gear : Evidence that the French have gone mad ; evidence that the Germans have gone mad ; and as an oasis of sanity , the grannies are back !
[ Presenting the new BMW Z4 ] Richard :
You can stick a BMW badge on a dead cat - and people would still buy it .
Jeremy :
The star we have tonight in our reasonably - priced car may look like a boy , but he is , in fact , called Tara .
And that , I suppose , makes him a girl .
December 1st , 2002 [ 1.7 ] [ edit ]
[ on the fastest faith ]
Jeremy :
It 's the 16th Century all over again !
The Catholics come in second !
December 8th , 2002 [ 1.8 ] [ edit ]
Jeremy : I got a ticket the other day , and I kid you not , for being parked badly .
Since when did it become like ice skating ?
Where they 're all standing there , well , no , I do n't think that is well parked , 4 out of ... and only 3 from the Nigerian judge !
Jeremy : Used to live in Fulham right next to the car pound in London .
so you could drive up the west end , have a few drinks , leave the car , wobble home best way you could , wake up in the morning , they 've towed it home for you .
It was pricy , but kind of worth it .
December 22nd , 2002 [ 1.9 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy :
In tonight 's Top Gear :
The ultimate family cars ; what is the best hot hatchback ; and the Stig meets his match on our track .
Jeremy :
No , you see I had one last week : Boxster S , new car , fantastic really , the most beautifully balanced ...
I felt like a prat .
[ On the news of the MV Tricolor sinking with nearly 3000 new cars on board ]
Jeremy :
But there 's plenty to talk about .
Most important of all , of course , Jacques Cousteau opened a dealership in the English Channel .
[ On the MG SV . ]
Jeremy : If Oliver Reed and Russell Crowe made mad man-love on the set of Gladiator in an angry brawl , this would be the result .
December 29th , 2002 [ 1.10 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy :
In tonight 's top gear : The Mick Jagger of supercars ; our quest goes on to find Britain 's fastest faith ; and the Stig sorts out TVR 's new coupe .
[ talking about the problems on the Range Rover ] Richard :
They did suffer a few problems , I mean it was with stuff like the paintwork .
Interior trim , bit rattly .
Engines , they can be a problem .
Jeremy : Yeah , the 4 - litre .
Richard : And the 4.6 .
Jeremy :
And the diesel .
Richard :
All the engines .
[ reviewing the nominations for the ' Weirdest Renault ' category ]
Richard : The Vel Satis .
It 's a businessman 's car , but only if your business is Enron .
The Mégane ; a family car , but only if your family is The Osbournes .
And the Avantime ; it 's a sporty coupe , but only if you do n't want a car that 's sporty .
Or a coupe .
Series 2 [ edit ]
May 11th , 2003 [ 2.1 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy :
On tonight 's Top Gear : Richard Hammond in a V8 tumbledryer ;
The classiest way to bankrupt yourself ;
And we turn up the heat on the world 's dullest car !
May 18th , 2003 [ 2.2 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy :
On tonight 's Top Gear : Jamie Oliver 's meals on wheels ; a German sledgehammer in a velvet bag ;
And which is the fastest political party ?
[ during the news ]
Jeremy : I was driving through East London this week and I got shot .
OK ?
Now the thing - Richard : Eh ?!
Jeremy : I was shot .
Richard :
At last !
[ audience laughs along with Jeremy ]
Jeremy :
Well , they did n't hit me , but they hit the car - no , honestly , the windscreen .
So now I 've got - Richard :
What with ?
Jeremy : [ casually ]
An AK - 47 .
[ Richard laughs ]
[ on Jeremy being told by his auto glass repair people that his Mercedes - Benz had to stay at their shop overnight so the glue on his replacement windscreen could set ]
Richard :
Did they by any chance try telling you that the glue will set better if it's left parked outside a nightclub all night , maybe ?
[ on the Lexus LS300 's colour rear - view video camera ] James :
You have to get a more expensive television licence to reverse that car .
[ on the English translation of an early 1970s Datsun owner 's manual ]
James :
And then in the index , under " H " , it 's got " How to open the bonnet " .
Jeremy : I had a good one with Daihatsu .
They once flew me first - class , before I was working for the BBC , they flew me first - class all the way to Japan , via Hong Kong , and then back through Maui and San Francisco .
And I arrived in Japan to drive their new Charade - this was , oh , I do n't know , late ' 80s .
I did half a lap of the track and crashed it !
Richard : Oh , well done !
Well done !
Jeremy :
And the guy said , " Oh , do n't worry .
We make one every 23 seconds . "
May 25th , 2003 [ 2.3 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : A new take on the world 's worst BMW ; A Starsky , in our reasonably priced Hutch ;
And the world 's finest supercars , head to head .
[ during the news ]
Jeremy : I get confused with 911s .
I do n't know where they all go .
Is that a turbo ?
Richard :
No , that 's not .
That is normally aspirated .
Jeremy :
So wait a minute , the GT2's a turbo ...
Richard : Yes .
Jeremy : ... and the Turbo's a turbo , obviously ...
Richard : Yes .
Jeremy :
Why is a GT2 not a Turbo if it is a turbo ?
Richard :
But it is a turbo .
Jeremy : Yes , why is it called a GT2 and not a Turbo ?
Richard : Because the Turbo's called the Turbo .
You could n't have a - Jeremy :
You see ?
Does anybody here understand the 911 range ? [ silence ]
No ?
They 're bored , are n't they .
Audience : Yes .
Jeremy :
They 've been making the same car for a hundred and twenty - thirteen years , and all they think to do is , " Well , we 'll call that one a GT3 and that one a GT2 , have a Turbo , the GT2 , have a GT1 , a 959 , put the engine in the back . "
God , it must be fun going into a Porsche dealership , " Can I have a 911 ? "
Be like ordering breakfast in America .
[ face in hands ]
" I just want eggs ! "
James :
Now for some more trouser action .
[ on the Alpina Z8 ] Jeremy :
It must be said , this looks just as good as the original , and it 's just as left - hand - drive as the original .
But : does it go any better ?
Well , after much careful deliberation , the simple answer is ... no. [...]
Jeremy : Getting it round a corner is like trying to get my wardrobe up a fire escape .
It 's very hard work , and it's hard to see where you 're going . [...]
Jeremy :
This must be the first - ever tuned car that 's slower than the original .
James :
What would you say if I said , Perodua Kelisa ?
Richard : Bless you ?
James : [ reviewing a Perodua Kelisa ]
This [ holds up food close to camera ] is a bacon sandwich .
And this [ taps dashboard ] is a car .
June 1st , 2003 [ 2.4 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : A Member of Parliament in our reasonably priced car ; A nice relaxing smoke in a new Aston Martin ; And a mad Jag , gone bad .
[ discussing the Ferrari 360 Challenge Stradale ]
Jeremy : I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , everybody - have you driven this car ?
Richard : I have , yes .
Jeremy :
And what happened when you drove this car ?
Richard :
Well , I crashed it , technically .
Jeremy :
Tell the nice ladies and gentlemen about what happened .
Richard :
Well , I was going round a corner , and the next minute I went round lots and lots of corners very quickly .
Span it several times .
James :
Actually , this is why it 's called the F360 , this model .
Because you drive along and you go " FFF - ! " and then you do a 360 .
[ mocking the overly ambitious plans announced by the MG Rover Group in 2000 ] Jeremy :
They said they were going to make a space shuttle ...
James :
Yes , a space station .
Jeremy : Yeah , well , they were going to build a space shuttle to get to the Rover space station .
James :
The Rover space station would be fab , actually , would n't it ?
It would be dark metallic green , and it would have a grille on that would sort of appear every 24 hours as it rotated , and sort of glitter in the sky .
Richard :
And a really nice , a really nice clock somewhere as well .
James : I have to say I 'm very disappointed in it , because when I joined Top Gear I thought , " Here we go .
French film festival , Kristin ... " No .
I 've been invited to the opening of a car park .
And it says , " Yes please , I would like to come to the opening of the car park .
I will be arriving , A , by car ; B , on foot . "
[ during the news , Richard is talking about a reliability study ]
Richard : I think this reliability index , gets a bit weak here .
Third most reliable make of car ... Fiat . [ audience laughs ]
I mean then it 's got you know Honda , Volkswagen , Mercedes , Toyota , BMW , Volvo , all the people you 'd expect , but in third place , Fiat ?
Jeremy :
What have they got as being the most unreliable ?
Richard :
Well this is good fun , because according to them the second least reliable make , least reliable make is .... Subaru !
Where did it go wrong ?
They 're the most reliable cars imaginable !
Jeremy : Let 's try Radio 4 .
Melvyn Bragg : [ on the radio ]
Society has not always valued originality .
Jeremy : Ooh , it 's Melvyn Bragg 's philosophy show .
Melvyn :
To what extent is originality about perception , rather than conception ?
And is originality a concept without meaning today ?
Jeremy : I 'm not quite with you there , Melvyn .
I ... I do n't really understand the question .
Jeremy : I 'm now playing what I like to call Fuel Light Bingo .
The rules are very simple .
You let the fuel light come on ; then you let the needle go all the way through the red until it 's bent like that [ holds up crooked finger ] round the bottom of the gauge .
Then , when you see a sign saying " services 1 mile and 27 miles " , go for the furthest one away , and when you get there , go past that one too .
If you win , you make it home , the next day your wife drives the car , and she fills it up for you .
I think it 's a great game !
My wife does n't like it very much , but I think it 's brilliant .
If you lose , you run out of petrol .
Jeremy : [ After stopping at John o'Groats at the end of the XJR test ]
Oh dear , I seem to have run out of country .
Jeremy :
For the last few years , the DB7's been an aging rocker , still trying to cut it in a Coldplay MP3 world of Porsche 911s and Foo-Fighter Ferraris .
But now , thanks to a cocktail of Botox and Viagra , it 's up there with the best of them .
June 8th , 2003 [ 2.5 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : A man sized blast from the past ; Renault puts a V6 rocket in your pocket ;
And which takes longer to change : a gearbox , or a woman 's outfit ?
Richard : Now , this is really quite simple , OK ?
Understeer works like this : [ moving a model of a Ford Focus in a straight line ] you drive down the road , turn the [ steering ] wheel , but the car goes straight on , crashes into a tree and you die .
OVERsteer works like this : [ moving a model of a BMW 3 - series ] you drive down the same bit of road , turn the wheel , but the back of the car comes round like this [ showing how the car fishtails 180 degrees ] , and you go off the road , crash into a tree and you die .
Now , oversteer is best , because you do n't see the tree that kills you .
[ on the Porsche 911 Turbo ] James :
So you spun it , then .
Jeremy : I spun it slightly .
James :
What do you mean " slightly " ?
How can you slightly spin ?
That 's like saying " I slightly fell off a ladder this morning . "
Jeremy :
This is Sharon , okay ?
She 's all woman , she is the 911 Turbo .
Now , standing next to her is Vicky .
Now Vicky , on the surface , appears to be exactly the same , but this is a body kit .
Vicky 's been enhanced , and so , consequently , is the C4S .
And , moving along , we find Amanda .
Amanda is the Carrera 4 .
Enough of a handful for most people .
Your choice .
Richard :
You know what , I 've always been a bit of a turbo man myself ...
[ discussing a man who built a race car in his kitchen , eventually having to tear down an exterior wall to get it out of the house ]
Jeremy : I presume there 's no wife involved in this .
Richard : No . Well ... there was , but unlike the car , the wife did fit through the door quite nicely .
Fairly early on .
Jeremy : Right , the news !
And , um , we 're feeling a bit remiss this week , because we like to think on Top Gear we 're across what 's happening in the world of cars , and then out of the blue , Ford wrote to us and said , " We 're introducing a new Mondeo . "
We did n't know it was coming !
Who 'd like to see it ?
Richard : Yeah !
Jeremy : OK .
Here it is .
Richard : ...
That 's the old Mondeo .
Jeremy : No , that 's the new Mondeo .
They say it 's got 1500 new parts !
Richard :
Yes , presumably they 're all exactly the same shape as the old parts , so it looks exactly the same .
James :
It 's got a new radio , has n't it .
Jeremy :
It has got a new radio .
James :
Well , there 's hundreds of bits in that .
[ on the Vauxhall Vectra 48 - hour test drive program ] Jeremy :
So if you just want to go and see Granny , or a girlfriend in Manchester , and it's a 60 - quid rail fare , you can just ring them up , drop a car at your house , drive it up there and back - James : Yeah , well , what if you want to do a bank job ? [...]
Jeremy : I wonder how many they 've got ?
Richard :
Well , I do n't know , because presumably this is the launch of their campaign , it 's quite an important moment , somebody spent an awful lot of time planning this and working on it , and the worst thing we could do is give out the number .
Which is 08456 775 775 .
[ on Honda 's tips for avoiding road rage ]
Richard :
It says here as well , " Do not rise to any challenges while you are driving . "
What , like a duel ?
" Sir , your driving has angered me !
I demand satisfaction ! " I can't see that happening .
[ testing the Daihatsu Copen 's man-compatibility with a member of the audience ]
Richard : Oh my Lord .
James :
What do you reckon ?
Jeremy :
He was fine ... until the door slammed , and now he looks like a berk .
[ Jeremy and Richard are agreeing that middle - aged men can't drive convertibles ]
James : I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry .
I 'm going to have to stop you there .
I hate to interrupt , but this is quite honestly the biggest load of limp - wristed twaddle I 've ever heard in all my five weeks in television .
These two - these two are not men , OK ?
This one , Richard Hammond , every morning sticks his head in a bucket of hair product , right ?
He 's got a dog , but it 's a poodle !
And I do n't know what you 're laughing about , Clarkson , because you wo n't drink brown beer and this is the man who says , ' flatulence ?
Oh , it 's not funny ! ' when clearly it is !
Right .
I am actually the only proper bloke on this programme , OK ?
I live in a tumbledown house full of old motorbikes .
And I think a bloke can drive a convertible , but ... it has to be the right one .
[ on the Triumph TR6 ] James :
What a squarehead !
Look at it !
Blunt at both ends , thickset - I reckon if this car went to the lavatory , it 'd leave the seat up . [...]
James :
Good job they did n't give it to a Frenchman , eh ?
We 'd all have handbags by now .
[ On a comparison between a rally team changing most of the underbody of a rally car vs. girls getting ready for a big night out ]
Jeremy :
So the rally team got the car changed in ...
Richard : Twenty - seven minutes .
Jeremy :
Twenty - seven minutes - and the women took ...
Richard :
Do n't know , got bored , we left .
To be honest , we packed up everything , stuff in the van , off , still going , talking , things like that .
Jeremy : I do n't think men and women should be allowed to go out with one another .
Richard : I do n't think it works !
Jeremy : Men should go out with men .
Richard :
You 're making me nervous .
Stop it !
[ On the Renault Clio V6 ] Jeremy : Imagine watching the entire French air force crash into a fireworks factory .
That 's how much of a laugh this car is . [...]
Jeremy : Oh , and it's the least maneuverable car on the road .
Oil tanker captains have been heard to say that their ships have the turning circles of Clio V6s . [...]
Jeremy : I think the problem is that it's ...
French .
[ later , with overdone French accent . ]
Jeremy : I do n't want to go around this corner fast .
I want to go home and make love and make cheese .
That 's what I like doing most of all ' cause I'm French !
June 15th , 2003 [ 2.6 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy :
On this week 's Top Gear : The Driving God does a track day ; a foie gras car with a luncheon meat badge ; and we try to set a new land speed record .
[ on the Mitsubishi Evo VIII and Version 8 Impreza WRX STi Jeremy :
And yet , they 're both relatively inexpensive Japanese saloon cars .
So they 've both got four doors , they 've both got big boots , and they 're both as reliable as ... [ hesitates ] a Swiss ... bus driver 's Austrian pacemaker !
What more could you possibly want ? [...]
Jeremy : Look at the scoop on this bonnet .
And they seem to have given the Evo so many steroids it 's started to grow out of its own body .
You know what these cars should be called , do n't you ?
The Mitsubishi " Did you spill my pint ? " , and the Subaru " You . Outside . NOW . " [...]
Jeremy : Trying to decide which is best is hard .
They 're both spoonbendingly , hallucinogenically , lawbreakingly mad and absurd .
[ on the Lexus RX300 ad slogan " It Changes Everything " ]
Jeremy : I do n't want to go home tonight and find my front door 's moved , and that all my children are badgers and that I 'm married to Frank Bruno !
I do n't want it to change everything .
Richard :
And this 'd be a gardening program and we should n't be talking about that anyway .
Jeremy : Well , exactly !
And do you know , the thing is , that - you know those advertising standard authorities ?
They always say you 've got to be , what are they , truthful ... ?
James : Hang on , it 's : [ ticking them off on his fingers ]
Decent , honest , legal , truthful .
Jeremy :
So that advert must be true .
James :
That would be great !
You could buy the Lexus , and then you 'd wake up the next day and it would 've changed into a Jaguar !
With a bit of luck .
[ on Jaguar being the last car maker to put diesel engines in the cars ]
Jeremy :
That is not going to work , and do you know the worst thing about this is ?
That Jaguar was working , we know , on an F - Type , a two - seater modern day E - Type and they cancelled that project , because they 'd spent all their money on a diesel engine !
Richard Whiteley :
They echo , these prisons - have you been in one ?
Jeremy : Yeah , a French one .
Well , we wo n't go there ...
Whiteley :
So we were looking around , the great and the good of Leeds , and from the galleries high up , someone yelled down - can I do this ?
Can I yell down ?
Jeremy : Yeah !
Yell !
Whiteley :
They said , " NOW THEN WHITELEY , YA FAT ----! WHERE'S CAROL ? "
And one of prisoners who was accompanying us , he said , " Oh , " he says , he says , " That 's Jed .
That 's Jed up there what cried down at you , that 's Jed .
' E's a real ' ero in this prison . "
I said , " Why , what 's he done ? "
How many people has he killed , raped , murdered , drugs has he laundered , money , all that kind of stuff .
I said , " What 'd he do ? "
He said , " 'E were the lad what nicked your car two years ago ! "
Jeremy : Listen , I want to play a game with you , okay ?
This Countdown thing , okay ?
This rearranging letters , yes ?
[ Points to a bloke in an FCUK shirt ]
What do you reckon ?
Got any ideas on that one ?
Whiteley : I 'm short - sighted .
I can't see that , thank goodness !
[ consigning a photo of Hammond 's actual Porsche 911 to the Uncool section of the Cool Wall ] Jeremy :
And it 's left - hand drive , which means you 're a cheapskate .
The thing is - Richard : [ laughing ]
That is so true .
Jeremy :
He 's never overtaken anyone .
" Is it safe ?
Is it safe ? "
Richard :
That 's what passengers are for .
[ on the Vauxhall VX220 ] Jeremy :
You 'll notice all these things and you 'll think , " That is a really pretty , pretty car .
Well done , Vauxhall .
I 'll have the Lotus . " [ trying to break the land speed record for towing a caravan ]
James : Right .
I 've been looking in the Guinness Book of Records .
It does n't actually say that I have to use a car to tow the caravan .
So instead I 've decided to rely on the most powerful engine in the universe .
Gravity .
June 22nd , 2003 [ 2.7 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : A man behaving quickly in our reasonably priced car ; A piece of monument valley with wheels ;
And the world 's best looking car , in our hangar .
[ On the Koenigsegg ] Jeremy : For instance , it 's made from autoclaved epoxy pre-impregnated carbon fibre , it 's a true semi-monocoque : the front end is mounted on a chrome molybdenum subframe , and the engine sits on top of a machined aluminium dry sump that 's also a supporting beam for the rear subframe .
That 's interesting .
And there 's more , too , because none of this behind - the - scenes technology has interfered in any way with what Koenigsegg call the general ichthyomorphic design principle , these are the ... the aesthetics .
And the best bit of those aesthetics are the dihedral synchro - helix actuation doors .
[ On the Koenigsegg ] Jeremy :
You could drive this thing to the gym , turn around , go straight home again ; you 'd have had more exercise than if you 'd done a workout !
Richard : [ On the Renault Mégane 's interior ]
Mothers will be fishing kids out of obscure cubbyholes for years !
[ On the price of a Hummer H2 ] Jeremy :
And it seems like quite a lot , when you peel away this amazing body and find out what 's underneath .
Yep , underneath the abs and the pecs is a GMC Tahoe , which is ugly , big , slow , and is completely flummoxed by snow , mud , gravel , soil , grass clippings , drizzle , or even a light breeze .
It 's rubbish .
[ On the Aston Martin V8 Vantage ] Jeremy : Going on sale in 2005 , so have you just ordered a Porsche 911 recently ?
[ sniggers , audience laughs ] .
[ On the Hummer H2 ] Jeremy : It 's a Roman orgy , a Hawaiian barbecue , a Viennese waltz , and a helicopter gunship attack on Las Vegas , all rolled into one ... it 's fantastic !
[ Regarding Clarkson 's review of the Hummer H2 ] James :
You 're not seriously suggesting that this ... revolting , plastic fronted piece of pig-iron is a serious alternative to something like an X5 ? [...]
Jeremy : Size is important in these things .
[ beams ]
Richard :
That 's a little harsh .
Richard : This is the Talon riot control vehicle .
Big , innit ?
Richard :
Now that is what I call a control panel .
Grenade launcher .
Impulse generator !
Lovely .
Richard :
Well , if things get really nasty , I can always get stupid and just headbutt stuff .
[ crashes the Talon through a portacabin ]
July 6th , 2003 [ 2.8 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Richard and James enjoy life under canvas ; an Alfa Romeo waving its arms around ; and Darth Vader , in a Honda Civic TIE Fighter R .
[ on the Nissan 350Z ] Jeremy : [ voiceover ]
Well , to be honest , I think it looks a bit of a mess .
But then it would , because it 's a Japanese car designed in America .
And the head of the whole project was a chap called Ajay Panchal , who 's an Indian .
From Leicester .
And the engine ?
Well , that 's French .
Incongruously , it 's the three - and - a - half - litre V6 from the Renault Vel Satis .
Jeremy : [ at the wheel ]
We 've had fusion food before , but this is the first time that I 've ever encountered a fusion car .
Think of it as being a raw - hamburger curry served in a disinterested way on a bed of garlicky jus .
Jeremy : I could go very , very berserk at this point .
But - two things are stopping me .
One , the noise .
It 's driving me mad .
And secondly , it was on this very road that the drummer with a band called Def Leppard crashed his muscle car , a Corvette , and as a result of that he now has to drive with a knob on his steering wheel .
[ causing various bits of the 350 Z 's internal trim to rattle ]
Jeremy : I 've seen better build quality on an allotment shed .
Jeremy :
The thing is that Nissan have now said , " Aha , but the car you drove was sort of for a , I do n't know , a small market in the south of France or somewhere . "
The British ones , which are going on sale in ...
Richard : ' Bout , September , autumn sometime .
Jeremy : Yeah , September , October - are going to have better suspension , bigger fuel tank , different aerodynamics , better interior trim , traction control as standard - going to be completely different .
Richard :
Which rather begs the question , why did they say " There 's our new car !
See what you think .
It wo n't be anything like that , obviously , but there it is anyway . "
James :
It 's a terrible shame Jeremy did n't like the 350Z - I wondered if he might be interested in the 350Z watch .
It 's a very large watch with a very small face .
What do you think of that ?
Jeremy :
It 'll probably go TICK TOCK !
TIIIICK TOCK and be very heavy .
James :
This is a true story and I am ashamed of it .
I was driving along , Ford Galaxy , magnolia leather , curry on the passenger seat .
A drunk bloke walked into the road .
Instinctively , I braked .
I saw the curry tip , I thought , " That 's my dinner , " I not only took my foot off the brake , I put it back on the throttle !
Anyway , if anyone here is interested , I 've developed a special new car sticker that says BHUNA ON BOARD .
[ on the Volkswagen New Beetle cabrio ] James :
All they 've got to do is make it in the shape of a proper car and it'll be terrific .
[ driving the New Beetle with the top down in the rain ]
Richard : I 'm not sure this was such a smart idea .
James :
Why , do you think they just think we 're a pair of screaming - Richard : Well , exactly .
James : Yes .
James :
What we want in Britain is a convertible car for sunny days , and a hardtop for the other 364 .
James : [ Commenting on the Audi A4 convertible ]
No , it 's just not right .
A diesel cabrio is like a supermodel smoking a pipe .
[ testing the flappy paddle gearshift in the Citroën C3 Pluriel ] Richard :
It 's hopeless .
I 'm changing gear , right , I 'm going to put it in second to go round this corner , that 's OK , now I 'm going to wait for third ... and now it 's changed .
And I 'm going to select fourth ... no ... oh !
Now I 've got it .
[ addressing the car ]
Wha - HAVE YOU GOT SOMETHING ELSE ON ?!
[ on the Daihatsu Copen ] James :
You 're not going to get this , I know , but that car , it 's small , it 's silly , all it does is make the rest of the world massive .
You know like the Incredible Shrinking Man in that film , where the telephone keeps getting bigger in his hand ?
Jeremy : No. James :
All right .
Jeremy :
But I 'm sure it happened , I 'm not saying it did n't happen , I just do n't remember it .
James : OK , well , it 's a bit like that .
You sort of drive around amongst these massive road signs and huge hatchbacks , it 's absolutely brilliant .
Richard : Ca n't say I noticed it myself , I thought it was all right , but , um ... [...]
Jeremy :
It 's not so much a car as a shoe .
Jeremy : I have three donkeys at home .
Jodie Kidd :
Do you ?
Jeremy : Geoffrey , Eddie , and Kristin Scott Donkey .
I do !
I adore my donkeys .
They are my life , they 're everything .
I just think they 're fantastic .
Jodie : Very noisy .
Jeremy : Depends what you do to them .
July 13th , 2003 [ 2.9 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Captain Jean - Luc
Picard at warp point nought nought nought one ; the Dutch have made a car ! ; and be still my beating heart !
A new Vauxhall saloon .
[ on the Volvo S60 R , the test model of which has orange leather seats ]
Jeremy :
It 's only when you really concentrate that you start to pick up the clues .
The big alloy wheels .
The blue engine cover .
The seats , which seem to have been made out of David Dickinson . [...]
Jeremy :
It 's very relaxing .
I can just sit here listening to the excellent stereo and speculate on whether or not these seats are n't really David Dickinson at all .
They might be an offcut of Dale Winton .
A choice cut of Dale .
[ during the news ]
James :
All right , look , here 's a proper piece of British ingenuity : a bloke called Geoff , he 's made a steam - powered bicycle after 30 years ' work .
He started work on it in 1972 .
Roughly 250 years after the steam engine was invented .
Richard :
It 's not really on the cutting edge , is it .
James :
Well , what this bloke has done , he has taken one old technology , one outdated technology , he 's combined them to create something genuinely useless .
It 's brilliant !
[ on the Rover Streetwise ] Jeremy :
They 're saying it's an " urban on - roader " .
If we analyze that , an " urban on - roader " is a car designed to go on the road in town .
So ... it 's a car .
Is n't it .
Richard : Essentially , yes . [...]
Jeremy : [ consulting press release ]
They are saying that : it has got a split folding rear seat ...
James : Like a car .
Jeremy : Yeah .
It 's available with a selection of petrol and diesel power units ...
Richard :
Well , that is clever .
James : Like a car .
Richard : Yeah , yeah .
Jeremy : ... various transmissions , three trim levels ...
James : Car - like .
Jeremy : Yup , very car - like ...
" It 's fun to drive , handy in traffic , easy to park and and able to shrug off hard use by active individuals and young families . "
Richard :
They 've put some thought into this , have n't they ?
Jeremy : " Has elements of the SUV appeal , " no it does n't , it 's not four - wheel - drive , " with good ground clearance and ruggedness but without the cost and complexity of 4x4 transmission . "
James :
It 's a car .
Jeremy :
It 's a car .
" At the same time it offers good all - round performance and capability out of town , from motorways to farm tracks ! "
Richard : [ impressed ]
So you can drive out of town as well !
Jeremy :
It 's not just an urban on - roader , it 's a motorway on - roader as well !
And it can do farm tracks , but nothing too difficult , OK ?
Jeremy : [ whilst driving a Segway ]
They 're made in America , of course , so that fat Yanks can go to the fridge without expending any energy .
Jeremy :
You 're the most famous guest we 've ever had on .
Patrick Stewart :
This must be a terrible show , then .
[ Patrick Stewart has objected to Jeremy 's pro-cell - phones - while - driving stance ]
Jeremy :
This , bear in mind , is a man who managed to talk on his communicator while being assimilated by the Borg !
Patrick :
But I 've had a lot of practice at that , you see .
[ on Stewart 's Jaguar XJS ]
Patrick :
It 's actually named in my will , I told my son that he was going to get it - he 's getting sod - all else , mind you , and the car is n't actually worth that much .
[ on Sir Michael Gambon ]
Patrick :
He 's a colleague and an excellent actor , but I would like to see him eat my dust .
Jeremy :
How did you find the car ?
Patrick : Ordinary .
Richard : [ Regarding Jeremy Clarkson , with exaggerated Dutch accent ]
He is my partner , and also my lover !
( a catchphrase of The Dutch Coppers , characters from Harry Enfield 's Television Programme )
Richard :
Aw , mate , I 'm never going to be able to get that out of my mind !
What I 've just been : jammed between Jeremy 's thighs in a Dutch three - wheeler !
Ooh , yeah !
Jeremy :
First thing I do when I move into a new flat or a new house , forget the curtains and the carpets and the cooker - you get your television , your stereo , and your PlayStation up and running .
It 's why I understand this car .
It 's perfectly reasonable to have a fridge - cum - DVD player instead of a seat .
It 's the obvious thing to do .
It 's fantastic !
Jeremy : [ voiceover ]
Mumsy cars have lots of seats and are as sensible as big knickers , but this has lots of gadgets .
So it 's the world 's first dadsy car .
July 20th , 2003 [ 2.10 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : A £ 65,000 car for the people ! ; a Range Rover at 45 degrees ; and the new Bentley coupé comes to our studio .
Richard :
Now normally driving a TVR with any sense of purpose is like chatting to a bloke in the pub and , you know , he says " Well , yeah , we went on 'oliday , took the missus , in the caravan , " and then boomf ! , punches you in the face , no warning .
This , though ... it 's got understeer !
It 's telling me , it 's saying , " I gotta let you know , you 're gettin ' on my nerves a little bit . "
It has n't lost the lairiness , but it 's just been to anger management .
James : Right , the news , and we begin today with a , well , probably the best piece of news I 've ever heard since I was born .
An event , in fact , which eclipses the very miracle of my birth .
Richard : Hang on , the best piece of news you 've ever heard ever ?
Jeremy :
What is it ?
James : [ beaming ]
They 're going to stop making the Beetle .
Richard :
And that 's it .
James :
That is fantastic .
No , the old one .
They 're still making it until the 30th of July and then it stops forever .
Richard :
And why is that so good ?
Jeremy :
Why do you hate it so much ?
James :
Do you really want me to do it ?
Jeremy :
Well , no , just ... I can't imagine ...
James : OK .
It 's a rubbish car .
Richard :
That 's incisive .
James :
That 's the first thing , it 's a rubbish car .
Secondly , it was a scandal .
OK ?
That car was stolen from a Czech bloke called Ledwinka , I think , by Hitler and his henchmen , they put it into production , they stole money off the German people to build it and to build a factory , they never got a car , instead they used the factory and slave Russian labor from the Eastern front - Jeremy :
You can't blame a car for Hitler !
[ Jeremy is reporting on the Goodwood Festival of Speed , where , as he previously noted , he was waved to by Elle Macpherson ]
Jeremy : I went up the hill in the - there 's a hill that you basically drive the , all the cars go up - and I went up in the McLaren Mercedes .
Both : [ in unison ]
The SLR .
Jeremy : The new SLR .
Richard : Yeah .
Stunning thing .
And ?
Jeremy :
Well , I was still a bit drunk , so I have - there it is , look - um , I think ... I have ... I dunno .
James :
So hang on , it - so you 're probably the first UK journalist to get in that car .
Jeremy : Yeah .
James :
We 've been talking about it for what now , two years , probably ?
Richard : Yeah , yeah , yeah .
James :
And you went up the hill ... drunk ... waving at MacPherson
Strut or whatever her name is out of the window .
Jeremy : I was n't driving it , I was slumped in the passenger seat .
James :
Oh , well , that 's all right , then !
Who was driving it ?
Richard : Can you tell us anything about it ?
Jeremy :
It made a jolly loud noise in the condition I was in , that was for sure .
It sounded like a Messerschmitt had mated with a Spitfire .
Richard :
To your drunken brain at the time .
Jeremy : [ imitates engine noise ] , only louder than that .
Richard :
You would n't make much of a war correspondent , would you , standing there in war - torn wherever with a desolated landscape , " So , Jeremy , what happened ? "
" Dunno !
Drunk , missed it .
Found it like this . "
[ on the Volkswagen Phaeton ] Jeremy : [ voiceover ]
This is the first - ever recorded example of a German joke : a Volkswagen that costs £ 65,000 .
[ mimes wiping tears of mirth from his eyes while a sitcom laugh track plays , then becomes serious ]
Jeremy : But actually ... it is n't funny .
Jeremy : Apparently , Piëch insisted that you should be able to drive the Phaeton all day at 186 miles an hour , when it 's 120 degrees outside , and the air conditioning must be able to maintain a temperature in the car of 71.6 degrees .
My !
I bet he was fun to go out with of an evening .
Jeremy :
And round at the front , things get even more ... German .
[ on the Cadillac Sixteen ]
James : I like luxury .
It 's the new performance . [...]
Jeremy :
Now this is what I call shock and awe .
[ on the Overfinch - modified Range Rover ]
Jeremy :
It 's a bit like sliding down a black run in a wardrobe .
It 's a giggle , but you 've got no real say in your direction of travel .
Jeremy :
If you have any thoughts or opinions on what you 've seen in the last ten weeks , do please keep them to yourselves .
Series 3 [ edit ]
October 26th , 2003 [ 3.1 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy :
In tonight 's programme :
As you 've just seen - The Stig has gone Top Gun ; James will be looking at the new 5 - Series BMW and I 'll be giving myself a brain tumour !
[ on the BMW 5 - series ]
James : Now , the old 5 - series famously had more computing power than the Apollo spacecraft that went to the Moon , but this one seems to be boldly going where no executive car has gone before .
[ after James 's 5 - series film ]
Jeremy : Were you ... in any way unwell when you recorded that ?
James :
Well , actually , I did have a really bad dose of the pox .
Jeremy :
That explains it .
Because anybody whose eyes were working probably would recognize that this is the ugliest thing - it is !
James :
It is a superb - looking car .
Jeremy :
It 's the first car ever where children will be sick before they get in the back .
James : Rubbish . [...]
James :
All right .
You are an executive - this is going to take a bit of imagination - you 're an executive , OK , and you 've got to buy a new car .
You 're not going to buy that S - Type Jag , are you ?
It 's a great drive but you would n't let your kids sit around with their mouths open like that .
E - Class Mercedes , now , you 've got a Mercedes , how much have you enjoyed it over the summer ?
Jeremy :
No , I have n't , it 's been innnnn the shop the entire time .
It goes in broken , it comes back more broken and goes in again .
That 's pretty much Mercedes ownership these days .
James : Right .
So you 're not having one of those .
Jeremy : No. James :
You 're not having an Audi A6 ' cause it 's too old .
Jeremy : Uh , no .
James :
You 're not having a Kia Magentis ' cause it 's stupid .
Jeremy : I might !
James :
No you would n't .
Jeremy :
No , you 're right , I would n't .
James :
And you 're not going to have an Alfa 166 because nobody would buy a new one .
Jeremy : No. James : You , Jeremy Clarkson , you are the European director of photocopying , brackets , toner distribution .
[ points to the 5 - series ]
You will buy one of these !
Jeremy : I 've suddenly decided I do n't want to talk to you any more .
[ on the diesel VW Lupo ] Jeremy :
No one knows what torque is , but this has 144 of them .
[ in a jam on the M25 during the diesel Lupo test ]
Jeremy : I love people 's faces in traffic jams , they always look so miserable .
Could be worse , you could be shot in the back of the head by a marksman .
[ Jeremy has bought a kitschy rooster figurine with the money he saved driving the diesel Lupo around the M25 ] James :
Do you honestly think I am going to put up with a small diesel hatchback just so that I can have a golden cock ?
Jeremy : Yes , almost certainly !
James :
But on a small hatchback , OK , when you drive one of those and it's a diesel , it says three things about you .
One is , you 're tighter than two coats of paint .
The second is that you care so much about the environment that you want to leave a little protective sooty film over it .
And the third one is , you 're probably French .
Jeremy : I 've suddenly remembered why I do n't like talking to you .
Jeremy :
We get a hundred million letters every week from women complaining about their men's love of cars .
Richard :
This is true .
We do .
Jeremy :
We do n't write to Trinny and Susannah on What Not to Wear and complain about women coming out of changing rooms going , " This dress is perfect and I like the color , I 'll try something else on . "
Richard :
No we do n't .
[ reading viewer mail ]
Richard : " Hi , Jeremy ! "
With an exclamation mark .
Very irritating .
This is from Claire , and she signed it with a little X , which is like a little kiss .
" My boyfriend has just bought a new Audi A3 . "
Fair enough .
" Now he 's driving me mad with this new game he has where he tries to plip the remote locking from as far away as possible .
Is he normal ? "
Yes !
Clearly !
[ discovering that his SL55 's remote unlocker works from further away if he holds it against his temple ]
Jeremy :
What have I done to my head ?!
[ watching a video of automotive tomfoolery from Saudi Arabia ] Jeremy :
This is what happens when you do n't let people drink .
[ on the Porsche 996 GT3 ]
Richard :
It makes no apologies for what it is , so if you want a comfy ride , get another car .
If you want to be cool on a hot day , get another car .
If you want height adjustment on the seats ... which I do n't ... get another car .
[ on the 911 series engine placement , behind the rear axle ]
Richard : Now , technically , that 's just wrong .
It 's like building a pyramid with the pointy bit at the bottom .
It was a daft idea when they first did it 40 years ago , and on paper it still is today . [...]
Richard :
In the '70s and ' 80s , the 911 was the Grim Reaper 's company car .
Huge crowds would gather at roundabouts to watch fat stockbrokers climb trees in their Porsches . [...]
Richard : Look , ma , I 'm going sideways ! [...]
Richard :
The engine 's at the wrong end , yeah ... so what ?
Sure , it 's a flaw , but it 's a flaw like Cindy Crawford 's mole .
J.Lo 's enormous buttocks .
It 's become its defining feature .
It 's the whole point of the car .
The GT3 is final and absolute proof that evolution works .
[ on the Black Stig crashing into the sea ] Jeremy : Uhh ... that was not supposed to happen .
November 2nd , 2003 [ 3.2 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : we drive like this ... ( showing a corner being tackled sideways ) on the road !!!...
Stephen Fry in our Reasonably - Priced Car ... and how many caravans can you jump with a Volvo ?
Jeremy : I have some bad news .
The Stig is dead .
[ on the Isle of Man ] Jeremy : It 's like Beverly Hills with kippers .
[ on the BMW M3 CSL Jeremy : Think of it as a BMW with bulimia . [...]
Jeremy :
You even look at that engine , it 'll kill you . [...]
Jeremy :
You have to sign a disclaimer before you buy a CSL saying that you understand that the tyres wo n't work in the rain or if it 's a bit chilly .
What a car !
[ on caravanners ]
Richard : Every summer they arrive , ruining our roads just so they can pull up side by side with their new best friends and pee in a bucket .
James :
In 1979 in Britain , the BMW M1 cost about £ 35,000 , which sounds very reasonable .
Until you discover that the Ferrari 308 GTS was less than 20 grand .
And here 's another thing , look .
[ raps on door panel ] GRP , or plastic to you - on a BMW .
How much worse could it get ?
Well , while the car was being designed , the rules for sports racing cars were changed , so by the time it came out , it was n't competitive anyway .
What a farce .
Richard :
There 's no end of sensible , practical cars that 'll happily rip your face off , and we owe it all to the M5 .
Jeremy : Is n't the Isle of Man just amazing ?
Richard :
It 's fabulous !
It 's like someone 's gone out and designed Top Gear Fantasy Island specially for us !
James :
Oh , if the Isle of Man was this great , I 'd be absolutely blown away by the Isle of Woman .
Richard :
Yes , the kippers were good — Jeremy : Yes , but there 's no speed limits here , James !
" Ooh I know , but the kippers ! "
James : I 'd rather the pussy cat than the kipper .
Richard :
They were good , though !
Jeremy : ( To Stephen Fry ) Have you , um , have you been to the Isle of Man ?
Stephen :
Yes , you go to the airport , you say " I love Man ! " and they say , " Not here you do n't ! "
Jeremy :
You could be birched for loving man there .
Stephen :
Yes , which is something people pay a lot of money for in London , so it 's like a free service .
Jeremy :
Some of the laws they have are fabulous !
Handguns , for instance , are legal there !
And you can be charged with " furious driving " !
I 'd love to have that on my licence !
Stephen :
Well , I 'm a sort of lefty in a way , but I cannot tell you the overmastering hatred I feel , the waves of disgust when there is that , that frowny - faced woman on the bicycle who looks at you as if you are the symbol of all capitalism and meat - eating and penis - owning - you know , you are the enemy of the people , you are the enemy of the planet , you are globalization - you are Capitalism with a huge cigar - just because you might 've slightly blown her off course on her blasted bicycle !
Jeremy :
You will never hear anyone say , " Look at that maniac in that Saab ! "
Stephen : I came so close to losing my licence almost exactly a year ago .
I was pootling along the M11 at a hundred and * hrm * miles per hour , and fortunately they took an average , which was 99.8 .
Jeremy :
An average from when you got into the car .
Stephen : Yes , quite .
From the centre of London .
[ on the benefits of driving a decommissioned black cab in London ]
Stephen :
Other cabs let you in , you know - " cabaraderie " , I call it .
Jeremy :
But it 's strange , because most of the people I know who speak Latin find cars really rather trivial and infantile .
Stephen : Yes ... yes ... you 've written well and turgidly about Norfolk !
Not turgidly , exactly .
Jeremy :
Well , it was just , that time , the first - well , not the first time I went there , but I can remember , not that long ago , driving along a main road , filled up with petrol and I gave the bloke in the cashpoint my credit card ... he just put it in the till !
" No , no ... no , no ... you 're supposed to swipe it ... "
Stephen :
This is the home of Lotus !
It 's an advanced , sophisticated county !
Jeremy : Now , you see , that was a bad example .
Stephen :
Well , there were the - all right , but it 's a ... it 's a mysterious county .
There are - you go through a beautiful Old World village with a sort of mullion - windowed rectory with ivy over it and the squire 's house and a beautiful old church , and then a sign saying , " HOT RODDING " .
[ watching himself on tape driving the reasonably - priced car ]
Stephen : Look at him , does n't he look a ****.
James : Obviously , driving a convertible yellow Porsche raises certain sociological issues .
I mean , some people are going to look at me , I know , and think I 'm a merchant banker .
[ on the Honda S2000 ] Jeremy :
So it 's powerful , extraordinary value for money , and more reliable than a wood - burning stove .
James :
The reason the Porsche , I think , is the best car is , you know when you drive some cars , you get a , a sense that the car is smiling , when you 're driving ?
Richard : What on Earth are you talking about ?
[ on the BMW Z4 ] Jeremy :
This ride is totally unacceptable .
James :
You 're such a pair of wittering nancy boys .
November 9th , 2003 [ 3.3 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : James drives a car that you can hand on to your grandchildren ; I engage reheat in a hot Saab ; And Richard almost drowns !
[ on the Bentley Continental GT ]
Jeremy :
There 's no way the aristocracy is going to buy this car .
I mean , these days they have to burn their children just to stay warm , and all their furniture 's held together by the moths that ate it . [...]
Jeremy :
It 's like doing 5000 miles an hour in Douglas Bader 's sponge bag .
[ criticising the armrests ]
Jeremy :
They are completely pointless .
Speaking of which : this button here allows you to adjust the hardness of the suspension , like so .
Why do you need that ?
Why would you want to make your Bentley more uncomfortable ?
It really is as useful as a snooze button on a smoke alarm . [...]
Jeremy :
The old four - door Arnage is a symphony of pomp and circumstance , hope and glory - absolute power corrupting absolutely .
Oh , it is n't very good , but there 's such a sense of occasion when you drive it .
This is the other way round : brilliant , sensationally fast , handles beautifully , and it'll almost certainly be reliable .
But it leaves you feeling ... just a little bit cold .
[ after pausing the playback of his escape - from - a - sinking - car film ]
Richard :
And we 'll find out later if I die .
[ on the Jaguar R - D6 concept car ]
James :
But the bit I really like is the inside .
Have a look at this .
Now have a look at that black leather and all those shiny bits , and those red lights down in the footwell .
Now clearly a Jaguar designer got completely lashed at a vodka bar and thought , [ in drunken voice ] " Uhh , I 'll make it look like thish then . "
So obviously there 'll be a bouncer on the door , telling you you can't come in ' cause you 've got trainers on .
Richard :
It 's a gorgeous - looking thing , I think it 's fab .
But here 's the thing I do n't get about Jaguar concept cars .
Two years ago , about then , they showed us XK180 , and there it is , that was to show us what Jaguars of the future will look like .
But then last year , they did the R Coupé , to show us what Jaguars of the future will look like .
And now they 're back again with this , to show us what Jaguars of the future will look like .
James : Now look , Jaguar .
You have made your point .
Just make the car .
[ interviewing Rob Brydon ]
Jeremy :
You have had the most wretched car history of anyone I 've ever , ever met .
We start off , where were we , radio DJ ... Rob : [ DJ voice ] BBC Radio Wales .
Good morning !
Jeremy :
You bought yourself a Volkswagen Polo .
Rob : Brand new .
Jeremy : Brand new !
Things going well .
Your next car ... is a third - hand Vauxhall Carlton .
What in God 's name possessed you to do that ?
Rob :
You know , my dad came across it , you know , it was reasonably priced ... it was a big , brown Vauxhall Carlton - Jeremy : Brown !
Rob :
Wait , let me finish .
It was a big brown Vauxhall Carlton , the inside was a kind of creamy sort of biscuit colour , it was velour , the seats .
It was a nice car , it got me from A to B , that was not the worst of my cars .
Jeremy :
What , you 're trying to say the green Sierra you had was - Rob :
That was the worst , yes .
Jeremy :
What possessed you to do that ?
Rob :
Um , my dad came across it , you know , it was a good price ...
Jeremy : Did you branch out on your own for the 1992 Ford Escort ?
Rob : Now !
The 1992 Ford Escort , I thought , and I do n't know anything about cars - Jeremy :
That 's obvious .
Rob : - was quite a sexy little car .
I quite liked it , actually .
Jeremy :
Have you ever actually watched Top Gear ?
' Cause you might ...
Rob : I 've never seen a whole one , no .
[ Jeremy looks dismayed , audience applauds ]
It clashes with Heartbeat , OK , which goes against you .
Jeremy : I know !
But I do make a special effort to watch Marion and Geoff .
You should try to watch one all the way through .
Because after the Escort ... you 're not going to believe this , ladies and gentlemen ...
Rob :
Oh , I know what you 're going to say now , yeah .
OK .
Jeremy : ... a Mitsubishi Carisma .
Why on Earth did you buy one of those ?
Rob :
Well , my dad came across it ... [ audience laughs ]
Jeremy :
Anyone who sits in the back of a four - seater convertible looks like Hitler .
James :
The British toff : though rare and endangered , they are easy to identify .
They are most readily spotted in the countryside , because they own it .
Distinguishing features include their clothing , which used to belong to their parents , and their characteristic mating call of " Harrumph . "
[ on the Subaru Legacy Outback ]
James : I almost forgot to tell you what it 's like to drive .
Well , I quite like it , actually .
It 's relaxing and it's ... unstressful .
Richard :
This whole survey throws up some fascinating stuff .
Like the Porsche 911 .
A favorite car of mine , known for its ... somewhat scary handling sometimes .
Ninety - six percent of 911 owners in this survey claim to be absolutely satisfied with their car 's handling , which is very good .
It leaves four percent , and they probably were entirely satisfied with the handling of their 911 right up until they hit the tree .
Then they changed their mind .
Jeremy : Yeah , but think of it this way .
The people who got their bone marrow and their eyes are very satisfied with the handling of the 911 .
Jeremy :
What do you drive , sir ?
Audience member : A 355 .
Jeremy : A Ferrari .
There 's an interesting statistic on Ferrari , ah ... what is it , James ?
James : [ consulting clipboard ]
Um , 90 % of people who said they had a Ferrari were lying .
[ after Richard 's sinking - car film , in which he needed the rescue diver 's help to escape the car ]
Jeremy :
So did you die in the making of that film ?
Richard :
Well , yeah .
I mean , if it was real , yes , I did .
Jeremy :
And the thing is , it was very lucky you were in the GL model , ' cause that was the one that did come with the diver in the back seat with the aqualung .
Richard : Yeah .
If it 'd been an L , pfft .
That would 've been it , curtains .
[ on people carriers ]
Jeremy : Obviously all of them are uncool .
If you buy a people - anyone got one ?
You have .
Basically what you 're saying about yourself , sir , is : you 've had your children and now you 're just waiting to die .
Jeremy : All dentists have Saabs , OK ?
All .
And graphic designers all have them , and all architects have them , and all Stephen Frys have them .
[ on the Saab " night panel " function ]
Jeremy :
That 's handy if you want to line up for a bombing run on a Soviet nuclear submarine base , but of limited use on the A38 just outside Burton - on - Trent .
Jeremy :
Now what I 'd like to do at this point to demonstrate the difference between car and plane even more is bolt the Stig into the Saab here and have him race a fighter jet round our track .
[ laughing ]
Only trouble is , can you imagine ringing up the Royal Navy and saying , " Hello , I 'm from that pokey motoring programme on BBC , would it be possible to borrow one of your Sea Harriers ? "
You can imagine what the response would be .
[ cut to a shot of a Sea Harrier taxiing into position next to the Stig - driven Saab at the start / finish line of the test track ]
Jeremy : [ voiceover ]
Yes , they were there in a jiffy .
Jeremy : [ On the Saab 9 - 5 Hot Aero ]
The handling is just hysterical .
It 's like driving a - fast ! - bouncy castle !
November 16th , 2003 [ 3.4 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Richard drives a green Lamborghini ; James drives a blue Lamborghini ; and I drive a yellow Lamborghini .
Richard : [ voiceover ]
And as befits the decade that celebrated being young and groovy , youth created the Miura .
The man who designed its gorgeous body was just 22 .
Richard :
Think about that .
What were you doing at 22 ?
At that age the cars I was drawing still had guns on them .
Richard :
So , beautiful and ingenious it may have been , but in terms of driving , you were still at the wheel of a bit of a dog 's breakfast .
The fuel tank was over the front wheels , so as it ran low on fuel , it went light at the front end , which meant you could n't steer .
Nice touch , that .
Keeps you on your toes .
The interior is , well , tiny , and every now and again the carburettors would spit petrol onto the hot engine and the whole thing would go up in flames .
Gooood .
Richard : Lamborghini knew their masterpiece was n't perfect , and they steadily improved it throughout its life , culminating in this : the SV of 1971 .
It had a better gearbox , better differential , better tyres , better rear suspension , and these better gold wheels .
D'you know what it was ?
It was better .
[ examining Jay Kay's Miura SV ]
Richard : Um , Jay , I did notice there 's , uh , there 's no window in .
Jay :
Well , I 'll tell you what I did with the window .
[ opens driver 's door ]
Richard : Re-enact it for us .
Jay : I will re-enact it .
Richard :
Go on , then .
[ Jay shuts the door normally and mimes the window shattering ]
Richard :
Oh , you closed the door !
You mad , impetuous rock star fool .
You were asking for trouble , Jay !
Jay :
You know , I mean , that 's rock 'n roll , hey ?
Jeremy :
This is a man with a two - tone beard who 's come here to tell us about style .
James :
This was n't just a car , it was a pin-up .
And you might like to know that countach is a bit of Italian slang .
It translates roughly as phwoar !
James : [ voiceover ]
So it looks fantastic and it sounds fantastic , and that 's what matters when you 're 15 and dreaming .
But I 'm not 15 any more , and after an hour at the wheel in 2003 , my dream car turns out to be a bit of a nightmare .
James :
It never occurred to me , for example , that I 'd need a hammer to change gear .
Or that depressing the clutch pedal would be a lot easier if I got a friend to help me .
It 's absolutely baking hot in here - look , I 've got the window fully open [ puts fingers through tiny slot of driver 's window ] - and there 's also a really alarming smell of petrol .
James : God in Heaven , this is hard work .
James : I 'm absolutely gutted .
But you know what , it 's not the car 's fault , it 's mine .
I 've broken a golden rule :
You never , ever meet your childhood heroes .
[ on the Lamborghini LM002 ] Jeremy :
When I started in this business , writing about cars , I was earning ... about 40 quid a week .
OK ?
I borrowed one of these , took it into a petrol station , to fill it up ... £ 147 !
[ indicating a board covered with photos of rock stars ]
Jeremy : Problem is , what do all of these people have in common ?
Audience member :
They 're all dead .
Jeremy :
This , then , is the £ 117,000 Gallardo .
Lamborghini's idea of being sensible .
[ Talking about Lamborghinis ] Jeremy :
Let me put it this way : a picnic , okay ?
If you went , you 'd want the Germans to make the hamper so the handles do n't fall off , but you 'd want the Italians to make the food , yes ?
That 's what you get with that [ points to Murciélago ] ; it 's a German - Italian picnic where the Italians have done what they 're good at and the Germans have done what they 're good at .
With this [ points to Gallardo ] , the Germans have done ze food .
November 23rd , 2003 [ 3.5 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : I attempt to destroy the indestructible ;
How fast can you go in a soft top before you lose your wig ? ;
And we momentarily silence Simon Cowell .
[ on the Mazda RX - 8 ] Jeremy :
It 's almost like they had a styling suggestion box at the factory , they got millions of ideas and then said " I know !
Let 's have all of them ! "
So it 's got triangles and curves and gills and the back window from a Ford Anglia and look at these lights .
They 're busier than a bishop 's hat !
[ [ on the RX - 8's Wankel rotary engine ]
Jeremy :
It 's not the torquiest engine in the world , or the most economical , but God it 's smooth .
You even get a little buzzer - ready ?
- to tell you to change gear at 9000 RPM ' cause it does n't feel like it 's running on anything as coarse and vulgar as petrol .
Feels like it 's running on double cream !
Jeremy :
The guy who was running Mazda when they were designing the RX - 8 used to race cars .
[ laughs ]
And it kind of shows .
Richard :
This being a car programme , let 's talk about houses .
[ speculating on the future - classic value of the Mercedes - Benz 190E 2.5 - 16 Cosworth ]
Richard : Tempted ?
Well , if you are , you 're best off going for one in black or silver with an automatic gearbox .
Which is why I 'm driving a pink one with a manual box .
Obviously .
[ Jeremy is butting in as Richard and James populate the Classic Wall ] Richard : Jeremy , can I ask - what 's that ?
Jeremy :
This is an Alfa Romeo GTV6 , a magnificent car !
Richard :
It is .
And I believe you had one !
Jeremy : I did indeed .
Richard :
And how much did you pay for it , Jeremy ?
Jeremy : Ah , £ 5000 .
Richard : Mm , and then you sold it .
And how much did you sell it for ?
Jeremy : Ah , £ 3000 .
Richard : OK , that did n't go too well .
How much was it worth a year later ?
Jeremy : £ 7,000 .
Richard :
So how much do you know about all of this ?
Absolutely nothing .
Simon : [ On his fast lap ] I was n't even trying .
[ arguing that the Mazda RX - 8 should be considered cool ]
Richard :
But you get to say " Wankel " .
That 's cool ! -
On telly !
James : Right , the Italians .
What have they ever done for us ?
James : St. Albans .
The Romans came here in 43 and built some nice ruins .
[ on the Fiat Panda ] James :
Well , it is very small , just three and a half metres long , but more importantly , it 's got really quite a lot of space in it .
You could get a couple of full - size adults in the back here , or - more importantly - about half a dozen children .
Now this is vital in your small Italian car , and all because of another of their great inventions : the Catholic Church .
James :
Now , you 'll be able to buy a basic 1.1 - litre Panda for £ 6000 .
£ 6000 !
This , however , is the 1.2 - litre Dynamic .
This is a posh Panda .
But it 's still only six thousand , five hundred pounds .
Six and a half grand .
And it 's a whole car !
James : I quite like this 1.2 - litre engine , it 's sort of feisty and eager .
Makes a great deal of fuss without really achieving very much .
Bit like the Italian government , really .
[ on the Toyota Hilux ] Jeremy :
So it 's very popular in Australia and all the other various bits of the third world .
[ On the Hilux ] Jeremy : We love cars like this on Top Gear .
That 's why we love the Citroën Berlingo and the Daihatsu Charade ; they 're simple , honest - to - God engineering .
[ After driving the pick - up down the steps ] Jeremy : [ Voiceover ]
It damaged my spine quite badly , doing this .
And then it set about damaging Bristol .
[ tapping on a mangled fender after running the Hilux into a tree ]
Jeremy : That 'll buff out .
[ when the Hilux starts after having been washed out to sea in the Severn estuary ] Jeremy : [ shouting over the engine roar ] I do not believe this !
It works !
[ At the grassy part of the test track ]
Jeremy :
The problem is , what can we do here that we have n't already tried ?
[ The pick - up then drops behind Jeremy ] Difficult one .
[ Before the caravan drop on the Hilux ] Jeremy : The Americans have used daisy cutters on these things , to no avail .
But I have something much more powerful ... [ cuts to a parked caravan ; voiceover ]
The Mistral GT ... [ shows the same caravan dropped on the Hilux ]
[ After the caravan drop ] Jeremy : [ crawling in through the window ]
Lordy lord , I 'm too old for this . [...]
Jeremy : I honestly can't believe this ; the steering is fine , the gearbox is fine , the low - range box is fine , the brakes are fine ...
Even the speedo's telling me we 're doing thirty .
[ Announcing the result of the Hilux torture test ]
Richard :
All of which makes it more of a shame that in the end you killed it with fire .
James :
That was churlish .
Jeremy :
Well , that 's the thing .
You probably wo n't believe this , ladies and gentlemen .
I want a huge round of applause , IT IS STILL WORKING !
[ after the end credits ] Simon : Can we just stop the competition now ?
Jeremy :
No , we bloody can't ; I 'm going to phone Damon Hill next week !
December 7th , 2003 [ 3.6 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Richard drives a pair of wheeled accessories ; I discover if the Australians are better at cars than they are at rugby ; and James tries to finish the job of killing our Toyota .
Jeremy :
Of course , ever since the 2CV , Citroën has been the badge of choice for those of a Guardian disposition .
[ on the Citroën C2 Jeremy : [ voiceover ]
Look at the details .
The gear lever that seems to have come from a sex shop .
The translucent trim .
The 12 million gigawatt stereo .
And the bumf , which is full of words like " wicked " and " cool " .
Jeremy : [ standing in front of the car ]
Now this , it seems , is the language of something called cruising , which ... is n't what I thought it was .
[ at a tuner meeting ]
Jeremy :
This cruising thing .
What 's it about ?
Young man :
What 's it about ?
Jeremy : Yeah .
Young man :
It 's about flexing , man .
Jeremy :
It 's about what ?
Young man : Flexing , like .
Having a good time , you know .
Jeremy : Flexing ?
Young man :
Yeah , yeah .
[ crowd of young people laughs at Jeremy 's oldster incomprehension ]
Jeremy :
What the f --k are you on about ?
[ appeals to the crowd ]
What is flexing ?
Another young man : Flexing means winding , basically .
Jeremy :
It means winding .
I 'm none the wiser !
We 're flexing , we 're winding ...
Does anybody here speak English ?
Does anybody speak English here ?
A third young man : Showing off .
Jeremy : Showing off !
This man speaks English !
[ crowd applauds ]
Flexing and winding means showing off .
[ back in the studio after the tuner film ]
Jeremy :
That makes me feel very sad , that .
James : Why ?
Jeremy :
Well , I just wish that we'd had flexing and winding when we were kids , ' cause I love this whole modifying scene , I think it 's brilliant .
James : Mm .
We did have cruising , though .
Jeremy : I know , but that meant going to a gentlemen 's lavatory , and that 's ... [ dismissive gesture ]
[ having interrupted the second Toyota torture film at a critical moment ]
James : I 'll show you what happened later .
Richard :
That 's evil !
James :
It stops people turning over to Heartbeat .
[ on modern British consumers ]
Richard :
They earn money , they see stuff in shops , and they buy it .
That 's just the way most of us are .
Me !
I 'm partial to a shirt !
[ discussing the Renault Mégane CC and the Peugeot 307 CC ]
Richard : [ voiceover ]
So just why are these cars so modern - Britain ?
Well , for one thing , they are achingly fashionable , inside and out , with designer touches everywhere .
Richard : Look at that : the brushed aluminium on matte black effect .
That 's perfection to a bloke , that is .
I 'd have all my clothes in brushed aluminium on matte black if I could .
[ on the Peugeot 307 CC and Renault Mégane CC ]
Richard :
As we stand here , both of these cars are slowly sinking into the floor .
They 're that heavy .
Jeremy :
So if I were to say to you , " OK , I 'm going to shave your poodle ... " Richard : Right .
Jeremy : " ... unless you tell me which one you 'd have . "
Richard : [ looks at a loss ]
Jeremy :
Which one or the poodle 's bald .
Richard : ... Bring on the razor , mate , I 'm afraid .
Sanjeev Bhaskar : Now , Indians do like bling .
I mean , if there was a Datsun Bling ...
Jeremy : Well , hold on a minute .
Now , we 've had flexing , I 've got that , and winding ... what 's bling ?
Sanjeev : Bling is just , you know , flash .
Color .
It 's kind of like - Indian parents , traditional Indian parents , are the only ones who'd watch The Fast and the Furious and say , [ in Indian accent ]
" If you became an accountant , you should get a car like that . "
Sanjeev : I 'll tell you the reason that I stopped driving [ in India ] .
I did about a mile and I told my cousin to take over .
And I said - it was at night , and nobody uses their headlights , or very few people use their headlights because , you know , you wear 'em out .
You 'd just have to buy another one .
Um , and so there was , there was - I stopped when I saw one headlamp coming towards me , and I said , " Look , I do n't know if that 's a scooter or it's a truck with one failed headlamp .
And he kind of - my cousin stopped for a second , he said , [ in Indian accent ]
" Or two scooters transporting a wardrobe . "
I said - I said , " You know , you 're right , there is that third option .
I 'm an idiot .
I do n't know why I did n't think of it . "
James :
If I could only have one drink for the rest of my life , it would be a pint of bitter .
And if I could only drive one supercar , it would be this : the Aston Martin Vantage .
James :
In order to understand the impact of the Vantage , I want you to imagine a simple scene down your local boozer .
Now , Ferrari , Lamborghini , Maserati , Porsche , all that lot - they 're the blokes round the bar with the big opinions .
Giving it lots of that .
[ mimes talking ]
Aston Martin is the quiet bloke in the corner , with his pint of best and the crossword .
And then , suddenly , he decides he 's had enough .
So he gets up , he takes them all outside , and he gives them a bloody good hiding .
James :
The Italians , you see , would concentrate on making a really , really fast car , but then they 'd start to worry about all the practical stuff , like , where 's the driver going to sit , and can he see out , and how are you going to join up all those wires that make the lights work ?
The British way , however , is to start with a normal car and then make it very fast .
Think of the Jaguar XJR .
It 's one of the world 's most comfortable saloon cars , and it just happens to go like a stabbed rat .
James :
Say you wanted to bang in a nail .
You could belt it really hard with a little hammer , or you could give it a tap with a really big one .
The Aston 's engine is a sledgehammer .
[ on the V8 engine in the Vauxhall Monaro ] Jeremy :
It 's far from the most sophisticated engine in the known universe , but because it 's so big , you can put it in sixth and pootle around at three , doing plenty of miles to the gallon .
Or you can poke it with a stick .
Then you will go from nought to sixty in six and a half seconds and reach a top speed of over 160 .
Usually sideways .
[ for a joke , Clarkson claims that the car issues insulting voice messages if the traction control is engaged ]
Monaro : Backs to the wall , everyone , there 's a pom on board !
He 's turned the traction control on !
What a poofter .
Monaro :
You hopeless pom .
Jeremy : Shut up .
Monaro :
And you got lucky in the rugby .
Jeremy : Shut up !
Jeremy :
It 's big and simple and I love it .
Jeremy : Pray silence , please , for Dame Edna Everstig .
Jeremy : Damn !
I think I 've won .
[ in the studio , after the film showing the Hilux falling with the roof of an imploding tower block ]
Jeremy : Now , we 've seen that it started .
James : Yeah , it did start .
Jeremy :
But did it move ?
James : I can hardly believe this myself - ladies and gentlemen , here it is !
[ horribly battered but still moving under its own power , the Hilux enters the studio ]
[ on the state of the utterly smashed but still running Toyota ]
Richard :
That 's not bad .
I 've taxed worse .
Jeremy :
We could carry on trying to destroy it , but do you know what ?
I think we should build a plinth .
December 14th , 2003 [ 3.7 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : The Germans always aim high .
Stalingrad by Christmas and the world by Easter , and then we 'll sort out Rover .
Jeremy : The Porsche Cayenne : the first car ever to be named after an ingredient .
[ on the Cayenne ] Jeremy : Nought to 60 takes five seconds .
And about 17 gallons of fuel .
Richard : [ on the CityRover ]
At 6,900 pounds it is too expensive , particularly as , well it 's rubbish .
Jeremy : [ voiceover ]
As an engineering exercise , the Cayenne is astonishing .
Only the Germans could 've pulled it off .
But all their efforts with the power and the speed and the toughness and the agility - they were all a complete and utter waste of time .
Because look at it .
[ pulls over , gets out ]
Jeremy : I think what they tried to do is make the front look like a 911 .
Which it does n't .
And then from here back it looks like they just have n't bothered !
Honestly , I have seen more attractive gangrenous wounds than this .
It is a monkfish among cars .
It has the sex appeal of a camel with gingivitis , and frankly I would rather walk back to the studio than drive another yard in it .
So I shall .
[ looks around , points ]
That way .
[ walks out of frame ]
[ on the Mercedes - Benz SLR McLaren ]
Richard :
So much grip !
It 'll crease the road before it lets go , I 'm sure .
[ on the SLR 's engine ]
Richard :
It puts out six hundred and twenty - six brake horsepower , and more torque than in all the rest of the cars in the world added together .
Richard :
This is the sort of power that planets are built with !
Awesome !
[ disappointed by the SLR 's interior ]
Richard :
There 's plastic - [ raps on dash ] - in here .
Come on .
Richard :
And then they tell you - proudly !
- that there 's enough room in the boot for two sets of golf clubs .
And that worries me , that 's just fat - businessman stuff .
It 's a marriage between McLaren and Mercedes , the SLR .
And it 's brilliant !
I just wish it was a bit more McLaren and a bit less Mercedes .
[ on the MG XPower SV ] Jeremy : Inside , it 's pretty much as you 'd expect : hopeless .
I 've got no satellite navigation , no electric seats , no airbag , and while there is a third gear - nnnngh ! - I do n't really have the strength to engage it .
Furthermore , this window does n't go all the way down , as you can see , the antilock brakes are broken , there 's nowhere to put my left leg , the dashboard looks like I made it , and half the time the dials come over all Longbridge - ish and go on strike .
Jeremy :
This car has one of the world 's great engines , a big , gurgling V8 with huge torque and an even huger thirst .
Flat - out , at 165 miles an hour , this car is using a kilo of fuel every minute .
That 's jet fighter consumption , but then it goes like a jet fighter !
Jeremy :
Oh , this is terrific !
Just imagine how good it would be if you could get third .
[ after Jeremy bangs his head on the XPower SV 's door frame during a hard maneuver ]
Richard : I could watch that all day !
Who 'd like to see it in slow motion ?
Richard :
But it does sound a lot like a TVR in feeling , you know , noisy and different ...
Jeremy :
Yes , except a TVR has got a better interior than this , and actually , I think a TVR will be more reliable .
Richard : [ giggling ]
Just how bad was that knock on your head ?
Richard : Oh , look !
Jeremy 's brought a plastic car !
Jeremy :
This car is plastic .
It has a stupid rear spoiler and it's made by a company no one 's ever heard of on an industrial estate in Leicestershire .
So for posing it 's hopeless .
But for the undiluted thrill of driving , it 's almost impossible to do better .
[ on Jeremy 's advocacy of the Noble ] Richard :
He just - he misses the point , he 's reduced the whole thing to a mathematical equation !
That 's not a car , it 's a calculator .
[ on Jeremy 's advocacy of the Noble and Richard 's of the Morgan Plus 8 ]
James :
They 've brought the wrong cars .
[ advocating the Rover 75 ]
James :
There 's nothing raucous about its V6 engine .
It rides more smoothly than a Rolls - Royce Corniche .
And it 's trimmed like a first - class cabin on the Titanic .
Before it sank .
James :
The problem with the Morgan is , it 's just a car they forgot to stop making in the forties .
[ on the Noble ] James : This is a bathroom appliance .
Jeremy :
So , with the very greatness of Britain resting on his shoulders , the Stig is away .
Jeremy : That is German music !
The treacherous Stig 's listening to Beethoven !
Although he probably knows it simply as the tune from the IBM ad .
December 21st , 2003 [ 3.8 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Audi's new V6 ankle bracelet ; A moment of madness from Aston Martin ; And Johnny Vegas in our Reasonably - Priced Car - which should be interesting since he can't drive !
[ while interviewing Johnny Vegas ]
Johnny : I wanted a people carrier , but you 've slated it so much on the show .
Jeremy :
Well people carriers are for people who 've given up .
Johnny : Look at me !
[ on the Peugeot 206 GTi ] Jeremy :
It manages to be so heavy when it 's made out of spit and Kleenex .
Richard :
What I like is the way Jeremy 's taken on a kind of a bouncer role here .
I mean , just leaping around the audience looming at people .
Jeremy : [ trying to get onto the buyer list for a Ford GT ]
Fords are magnificent in every way .
December 28th , 2003 [ 3.9 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Cameron Diaz tests Lamborghini's lightweight Murciélago naked ;
We drive Schumacher 's F1 Ferrari ; And our Star in a Reasonably - Priced Car is her Majesty , the Queen .
James :
Have a look at this , this is our - Jeremy 's - bar bill from the Isle of Man trip .
[ allows large stack of fanfold printer paper to fall to the floor ]
That 's a huge number of fruit - based drinks .
[ accompanied by James playing the theme music on a Casio keyboard ]
Richard :
On tonight 's cut-price Top Gear : A small plastic car that 's actually quite economical ; we take a seasonal Yuletide trip to , eh ... Birmingham ; oh , and we do have a supercar !
Albeit a quite cheap one .
[ on the Chrysler Crossfire ] Jeremy : Now , of course , being a coupé , the styling is hugely important , and ... oh dear .
Jeremy : Nought to 60 takes 7.2 seconds .
There are animals which are faster than that .
Jeremy : So .
It looks like a dog doing a poo ; it 's slow , uncomfortable , expensive , and cursed with a cramped , badly trimmed interior , an awful gearbox and no back seats .
The engine does n't make a particularly sporty noise , the ride is terrible , and it is n't especially economical .
[ on the Brabus Smart Roadster V6 Bi-Turbo ]
Richard :
It 's like a bottle of sports car concentrate .
[ nomination for the Dullest Formula 1 Driver of the Year award ] Richard : Kimi Räikkönen .
He 's 24 years old , he 's paid millions of pounds a year , and he chooses to live ... in Chigwell .
[ Ugliest Car of the Year ] Jeremy : Now those were the nominations , but I 'm overruling all of them .
I 'm playing my joker and I 'm going to say that the winner is the BMW ... range !
Jeremy :
It 's the Enemy of the State Award , the person who 's done the most to harm the cause of the petrolhead these last 12 months .
Gentlemen , the nominations .
Richard : The Chief Constable of North Wales , Richard Brunstrom , for his resolutely unpopular anti-motorist stance .
James :
There are no more nominations .
[ nominations for Surprise of the Year ] Richard : And the Vauxhall Signum .
In particular , we were surprised that anyone could be catatonically stupid enough to make a people carrier that can actually carry fewer people than the saloon on which it 's based .
James :
There 's normally something really tragic about the bottom of the range .
You know , the 1.6 version .
A little boot badge that says you 're on the bottom rung .
And you sit there in a world of velour looking at a little - a little slot on the dashboard where you know there would be a switch if this was a posh version , but instead you 've got a little bit of plastic that just blanks it off .
And you can't help driving along and thinking , " If I 'd just paid a bit more attention at school and if I 'd just worked a bit harder , I 'd have air conditioning . "
[ on the Jaguar XJ6 ] James :
This car has that magic X - factor that we like so much on Top Gear .
You 'd sort of expect it to be really boring , but then when you drive it , you discover it makes perfect sense .
I mean , here 's a Jaguar that saves you a shedload of cash , and in return , all it asks is that you just press the pedal a bit harder .
That 's it !
Richard :
And as for the Alfa 147 GTA , well , that 's not dead , but it 's as mad as a badger .
Richard :
It 's always been a bit of an old - school hooligan , the Civic Type R .
If it were in a porn film , it would play the stable lad .
Or the plumber .
Rather than the smooth international businessman .
[ on the Honda NSX - R ] Richard :
And there 's this .
The gaiter at the base of the gear lever .
Usually leather , it 's been replaced with fine mesh to save 10 grams .
I could 've done that wearing a thinner pair of socks .
Richard :
The thing is , no matter how hard it tried , it was never a Ferrari .
Series 4 [ edit ]
May 9th , 2004 [ 4.1 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : an awful new car from Rover ; a brilliant new car from Aston Martin ; and the Apache helicopter gunship : can it get missile lock on a Lotus Exige ?
Jeremy : " A dog makes a better noise than that if you tread on it " ( Regarding a Strokes song the show used ) .
Jeremy : [ trying to out - manoeuvre an Apache helicopter 's radar in a Lotus Exige ]
The best helicopter gunship in the world , flown by the best pilots in the world , the British Army , against the best handling car in the world , driven by an idiot .
Jeremy :
That 's not something you see everyday , a gunship in your rear view mirror .
Jeremy :
Get out of the way , you Polish lorry !
Why are you cluttering up our roads with Latvian milk ?!
[ During the News Segment .
Hammond has just mentioned the new mini .
He is wearing a bright red shirt . ]
Jeremy : Whoa , what are the noises for ?
Do you like it ?
Audience ( Including James ) : No !
Richard : Heck , I do , Actually , I think that looks great ! [ silence ]
Maybe it 's the shirt ?
Jeremy :
How much is it going to cost ?
Richard :
It 's going to cost ... well , they 'll generally be about £ 2500 more than the equivalent hard top .
So the Cooper S , the Supercharged version of that , £ 17,500 , £ 15,500 for the Cooper , about £ 13,500 I think for the Mini One .
James :
That 's horrible .
Richard :
Well , yeah , but the Mini , it 's not a cheap small car .
It 's an expensive small car .
And I like that [ points at the Mini ] .
Jeremy :
It 's a metrosexual car .
Richard and James : [ in unison ]
A what ?!
Jeremy : Metrosexual !
It 's the new thing !
It 's for the chap , he does n't wanna be too butch , he does n't wanna have like , you know , a big 4x4 , he spends quite a bit of money on hair products - [ gestures towards Richard ]
Richard :
Do n't point at me , mate .
Jeremy :
He 's interested in shirts , probably wears cowboy boots - [ Richard is looking sheepishly at his feet , which are clad in cowboy boots ]
- That kind of thing !
He 's a blend of gay and not - gay .
Richard : [ talking over Jeremy ]
I am not a metro - flamin ' - sexual !
Jeremy :
You are a metrosexual !
I can see you in one of those !
[ Points at the Mini Cooper 's picture ]
Richard : Apart from anything else , how would you know what a metrosexual is ?
Jeremy : I 'm not only in touch with my feminine side , I 'm in touch with my gay side as well .
Richard :
You 're probably right .
May 16th , 2004 [ 4.2 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : a pink Ford ; a black man 's Cadillac ; and I go berserk in a Silver Arrow .
[ during a news segment ]
Jeremy : Have you seen the back seats of the Discovery ?
Richard :
They 're magnificent !
James : Fantastic !
Richard :
It 's worth getting one — well you wo n't get one ' cos ...
[ Jeremy spots someone in the audience ]
Jeremy : Jesus is here !
Richard :
Well , we never knew !
Jeremy :
Who have we booked as the guest this week ?
Richard : Maybe he 's not suppose to be on yet .
Jeremy :
Is he the guest ?
That would be something , we 'll have some viewers then !
Jesus :
At least I 'm not too tall for my hair , eh Jeremy ?
Both : Wahey !
[ on the Cadillac Escalade ] Richard : [ voiceover ]
American cars usually have pretty rubbish interiors , and inside the Escalade 's , it 's business as usual .
Look [ taps dashboard ] , they 've just cut a wheelie bin to make that bit .
It 's all one lump of plastic .
[ voiceover ]
In American you can buy one of these motorized shopping malls for 28,000 pounds .
But as is the way with these things , by the time it gets over here with some toys on it and the forms filled out , it 's 50,000 pounds .
Richard : [ After having seen himself unable to start a car after being hypnotised by Paul McKenna ]
I really do n't like you .
Jeremy : ( On the Mercedes - Benz SLR McLaren )
" It sounds like the god of thunder gargling a hammer . "
May 23rd , 2004 [ 4.3 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Jordan makes a boob in our Liana ; Ferrari and Porsche go to war on our track ;
And we have some crashes on purpose .
Jeremy and James : [ upon Richards arrival ]
HE'S BOUGHT A ROVER !!!
Richard :
What I really do want is a radio .
Jeremy : ( Listening to his radio ) Robbie Williams played through a 1980's Volvo stereo .
Richard : I 'd listen to radio 3 !
Or The Archers on 4 !
Jeremy : ( singing along )
Thoughts running through my head ...
Richard : Oh , I wish I had a radio !
Jeremy :
That 's the worst stereo I 've ever heard in my life .
Richard : God , I wish I had a radio !
Jeremy : ( smug )
But it is a stereo .
And Hammond does n't have one .
[ During the ride to Manchester in their £ 100 cars ]
Richard : If I were a rich man , bidibidibidibidibidibidibidiboom !
Okay , I 've done " If I Were a Rich Man . "
Any other suggestions ?
Jeremy :
If I were a tall man ?
Richard : Funny ... Very funny ...
Richard :
There is , coming up ahead , an enormous cloud of smoke , which I can only assume is Jeremy .
[ on the Italian police 's Lamborghini Gallardo ]
Jeremy : Yes , but we 've been wondering all week , why ?
Because it is impossible to commit a motoring offence in Italy !
James : I 've been stopped by the Italian police .
Jeremy :
What for ?
James : I was doing about 110 in an Aston Martin DB7 .
I overtook the police car on a left hand bend and he pulled me up at the next lay - by because I 'd left the filler flap open at the garage .
Jeremy :
It 's a style thing is what you 're saying .
Richard : What ?
Spoling the lines of the car ?
James :
He did n't even say anything .
He came out and he went up and he went ( mimes pushing the filler cap closed with a stern expression ) .
I thought I was going to get a ticket for being unsetting .
[ on the 1968 Dodge Charger 's brakes ] Richard : ( voiceover )
But as for going from sixty to naught ...
Oh dearie me ...
Richard : ( nervously ) I 'm braking !
( The car shows no sign of slowing . )
Quite firmly !
Fffff -
( The car finally stops and Richard is visibly relieved ) I was considering evasive then !
Ha ha ha !
[ watching Jeremy 's £ 100 Volvo start it 's speed run ]
Richard :
The thing is just not going away !
It 's still there !
Jeremy : [ reading ]
" Each of you must drive your car into a wall at 30 mph .
You lose 10 points if you 're killed , 5 points for each broken bone , and 1 point for each blood injury . "
Richard : Right .
That sounds -...
Jeremy : I 'm feeling quite relaxed , actually .
Richard : With your Volvo . Jeremy : With my Volvo .
Richard :
By contrast , with my Rover made entirely of rust , I 'm feeling a bit scared .
[ to May , who is looking unhappy ]
James , are you all right ?
James :
Have a crash ?
On purpose ?
[ about to crash his £ 100 Audi ] James : Well ...
It 's been good .
I met Jodie Kidd ... and Stephen Fry .
[ James has just crashed his £ 100 Audi ] Jeremy : Yes , he 's dead , so that 's ten points away there !
And if you want a job on Top Gear , please write to Top Gear ...
Richard :
No , no wait , look !
He 's coming ' round !
Jeremy :
He 's alive !
Richard :
He lives !...
That 's not ten points off , though .
Blast .
[ on crashing his £ 100 Audi ] James : [ rather upbeat ]
That was probably the most unpleasant thing I 've ever done !
Jeremy : [ voiceover ]
Then it was my turn , and I had a problem .
The speedo was n't working , so I had to guess how fast thirty was , and I got it a bit wrong .
[ about to crash his £ 100 Volvo ] Jeremy : GERONIMO !
[ Just after he crashed his Volvo ] Jeremy : " Damn , Damn , I think I missed the wall . "
[ During the 996 GT3 RS vs Ferrari 360 Challenge Stradale ]
Jeremy : " Eat my exhausts , Badoer ! "
[ revealing how much he paid for his Volvo ] Jeremy : ONE POUND !
One pound !
Yes !
The Volvo ! Losers !
Losers !
May 30th , 2004 [ 4.4 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Some big challenges ;
Can you play darts with cars ? ;
Which is faster , a Ford or a pigeon ;
And can this new Porsche break the lap record on our track ?
Jeremy : [ while lying underneath a Porsche Carrera GT ]
I 'm speaking to you now from inside one of the venturi tunnels !
Jeremy : Right , what we have here is a snooker table or as Richard Hammond calls it as he arrived this morning , " Crikey , a football pitch ! "
Jeremy : My name ... is Jack Bauer .
And this is the most economical 24 hours of my life .
Richard : [ After launching a car from a gas cannon down onto a parked caravan ]
That was a good feeling .
Volvo kills caravan !
[ At the end of the film ]
Jeremy : You know ?
That 's the nineteenth caravan we 've destroyed on this programme in 12 months .
[ On the new Mitsubishi Lancer and Subaru Impreza ] Richard :
And the other thing is , every time they launch a new model , they try and outdo each other with the quantity of letters and numbers after the cars name .
So !
These are the two new models .
This is the Subaru Impreza STi , WRX , WR , 1 .
And this is the Mitsubishi Lancer Evo. VIII , MR , FQ , 3 , 20 .
June 13th , 2004 [ 4.6 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight :
We ask , can you run a car on a poo ? ;
Have the Americans made something which can go round corners ? ;
And the ' new ' Jaguar XJS , is it any good ?
Jeremy :
There are shanty towns in South Africa that are built better than Renaults !
Terry Wogan :
Do you swerve to avoid rabbits ?
Jeremy : Never .
Do you ?
Terry : No. Jeremy : Foxes ?
Terry : No ! Jeremy : No? [ silence ]
Terry : ... children ?
Jeremy : I do , I do ...
Children , yeah .
I have swerved to avoid children .
Terry :
You see , you see , you 're too soft for this game .
James :
Oh dear ....
Richard : [ About the American - styled dashboard in the Cadillac CTS ]
The last time I saw plastic like this [ taps it ] it contained Tic - Tacs .
[ on Cadillac 's decision not to sell their new CTS in Britain ] Richard :
That 's not really surprising because the last Cadillac to be in the United Kingdom , was the STS .
And that was rubbish .
And I do mean , rubbish .
[ voiceover ]
It handled and looked like a pig , there was no reason for that car to be sale in Great Britain at all .
Richard : damn , damn , stevespeed just OMGWALLD ! "
July 11th , 2004 [ 4.7 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : James and Richard try their hand at minicabbing ; I drive a smoking jacket from Holland ; and our Reasonably - Priced Car says Hello !... to Lionel Richie .
[ on the Mercedes - Benz CL65 AMG ] Jeremy : ... it even has the traditional Mercedes voice activated computer which does n't understand a blind word you 're on about .
Let me show you ...
Dial number .
Mercedes Computer : Dialling .
Jeremy : I have n't told you what to dial yet ...
Dial number .
Mercedes Computer :
The number please ?
Jeremy : [ quickly ] 01785 .
Mercedes Computer : 0785 .
Jeremy : No , you missed the one .
Mercedes Computer : Pardon ?
Jeremy :
You missed the one .
Mercedes Computer :
The number is deleted , please continue .
Jeremy :
See what I mean ?
Mercedes Computer : 202 .
Jeremy :
Where did that come from ?
Mercedes Computer : Pardon ?
Jeremy :
And so it goes on .
[ on what it takes to become a minicabber ]
James : I had to fill out a questionnaire , have my passport looked at , show my driving licence , have a medical and at no point did they ask if I had a sense of direction !
James : Right ... we need to go ... right , left , left , right , left , again ... [ turns the wrong way and curses loudly ]
[ on the Spyker C8 ] Jeremy : Look at this horn , it 's not the sort of aggressive thing you get on an Italian car , that " Errrrr ! !!
Get out of my way , earthling ! " horn .
It 's more ... a thing you use to attract the attention of other people in your tax haven .
Morning Valentino ! [ waves and honks the horn ]
July 18th , 2004 [ 4.8 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Richard says goodbye to a motoring icon ;
The fastest car in the world comes to our track ;
And how good is the Citroën 2 CV in a crosswind ?
July 25th , 2004 [ 4.9 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : James and Richard take some cabrios to the wilds of Scotland ; I go skiing on the B4796 ;
And can you parachute into a moving car ?
[ during the Cool Wall ] Jeremy : [ on the Fiat Barchetta ]
Who said it 's still a Fiat ?
What 's wrong with the Fiat ?
Audience Member :
They 're not good .
They 're French !
Jeremy :
Where the hell do we get this audience from ?!
Richard : A gardening programme , mate ...
Jeremy :
Do you know what Fiat stands for , the " I " in it ?!
Italia !
[ after Jeremy rants about the MG- F as being " for people with Beards , or Breasts " ]
Richard :
You know sometimes , when a thought pops into your head ?
You should kinda leave it there ... and not put it out in the world .
Jeremy : [ apparently shocked ]
Did I just say that all out loud , then ?
Richard :
Oh , yes mate , sorry , you did .
Jeremy :
God another thought 's just popped into my head , ' bout how like the cat in Shrek 2 you look like .
August 1st , 2004 [ 4.10 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : James tries to get a sofa in a Volvo estate ;
The Hamster goes to see the ' Vette ; And I go off road in a BMW that can't .
Richard : [ On the Corvette ]
The clutch is making my left leg hurt , and the gear change has been taken straight out of a Victorian signal box .
Richard : [ On the Corvette ]
This , then , is America 's Porsche 911 .
But here in Europe , we already have a Porsche 911 .
It 's called the Porsche 911 .
Richard : [ On the Corvette ]
So , can this one follow in the tradition of its government and get up other countries ' noses ?
James : [ On the Volvo V50 ]
There 's a touch of Ikea to all this , but , reassuringly , an expert has put it all together .
[ On the BMW X3 ] Jeremy :
And if you are clinically insane , by which I mean you wake up in the morning and think you are an onion , here 's your car .
Patrick Kielty : [ On the Delorean ]
Ok , look .
I 'm from Northern Ireland , to start with , right .
So if you 're from Northern Ireland , and someone actually tries to build a sports car factory , in Belfast , in 1980 , when Belfast is more like downtown Baghdad , then manages to come over and build something which is aesthetically quite pleasing , and in the process , manages to take Margaret Thatcher for 100 million , and still has time to end up in a hotel room with a suitcase full of snow that Alberto Tomba could n't ski down , I think he 's a bit of a hero .
Series 5 [ edit ]
October 24th , 2004 [ 5.1 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : just the thing for an already confused world , another Porsche 911 ; we get sand in the trunks of 3 muscle cars ; and how many bouncy castles can you jump in an ice - cream van ?
Jeremy : ( About the Porsche 996 ) " [...] it was n't so much a car , more a place where a fat , balding , middle - aged man could go off and have his mid-life crisis ... I liked it a lot ! "
Jeremy : [ voice - over during the drifting challenge ]
The Monaro did beat the Jag but now it 's the turn of the Chrysler ..... and oh dear !
Jeremy : [ in the car ]
The Americans lectured the world on democracy and then WON'T LET ME TURN THE TRACTION CONTROL OFF !
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE A BIG BAD DANGEROUS MUSCLE CAR !
[ American accent ]
Oh struth , you may hurt yourself !
[ normal voice again ]
A car designed by health and safety this one .
James : [ Testing the Chrysler 300C on the beach ]
Stop interfering , you piece of ... cheap electronic tat !
Jeremy : [ On the Porsche 997 Carrera ]
So to sum up .
The new Carrera is pretty much the same as old one except the gear lever comes off .
This , however , is not a standard Carrera .
This is a Carrera S . And the S stands for :
So , fat , balding , middle - aged man , go and have your mid-life crisis somewhere else .
Jeremy : [ On the Porsche 911 range ]
" And then the 3.8 S with the chrono sport pack , for thin , chiselled - jawed people who have no friends .
Like the Stig , for instance ! "
Jeremy : " The Americans lecture the world on democracy and then wo n't let me turn the traction control off ! "
[ On the Hummer aftershave ] Jeremy :
It comes in a jerrycan of repressed homosexuality .
October 31st , 2004 [ 5.2 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : the Ferrari Enzo , the Jaguar XJ220 , the Pagani Zonda , the McLaren F1 , the Ferrari F40 and the Porsche Carrera GT !
[ comparing the Porsche Carrera GT to the McLaren F1 ] Jeremy :
This car , then , ticks all the health - and - safety boxes .
It 's like an Airbus , very safe and very civilized , where as the old McLaren ... that 's like Concorde .
Unfortunately , like Concorde , it was flawed .
Even its biggest fans , and I 'm not one of them , say that the gearbox is clunky , the steering 's too heavy , the front 's too vague , and the back end ... is skittish .
[ on the McLaren F1 ] Jeremy :
You know that bit in Dr. Strangelove , when Peter Sellers is astride the nuclear missile ?
That 's what it 's like ...
You do n't know where you 're going , you 're in no real control , you just know the journey 's going to end very soon , and very badly !
Jeremy :
This is the division bell between the ordinary and the absolutely astonishing .
Jeremy :
That is the delicate sound of thunder " [ referring to the noise made by the V12 engine ]
Jeremy :
Atom heart mother !
Jeremy :
It 's a saucerful of secrets !
Jeremy : Ohh .. wish you were here , just to feel this power !
Jeremy :
Now then , we can give this car back to Mr. Mason , because we 're done with it .
But look at how he 's going home .
[ Mason steps into a helicopter to the opening strains of Money and flies away ]
Jeremy : [ As he waves goodbye ]
Why 's he doing that ?
Jeremy :
These cars , then , are like one of Mr. Blair 's speeches , or a pensions commercial , which amounts to the same thing .
Jeremy :
All that comes out of the exhaust pipes on this Porsche , are baby foxes .
Jeremy : Supercars are supposed to run over Arthur Scargill , and then run over him again , for good measure .
They 're designed to melt ice - caps , kill the poor , poison the water table , destroy the ozone layer , decimate indigenous wildlife , recapture the Falkland Islands , and turn the entire Third World into a huge uninhabitable desert ... but only after they 've nicked all the oil .
James : Bill Bryson .
Well , I think that man is a danger , frankly .
If there is one thing I can't stand , it 's beardy , sanctimonious , patronizing Americans in tartan trousers coming to England and trying to persuade us to turn it into a museum .
He wants the East End full of cheeky , Cockney chaps pushing wheelbarrows full of eels , and he wants northerners to be industrialists with big braces and blokes dying of the consumption - " Good morning Bill , I 've got the consumption ; it 's tradition , alright . "
I say , Bill , if you 're watching - OK , now you wo n't be watching , because we 're not talking about steam engines or longboats or bear - baiting - but IF you 've happened to tune in by mistake :
We 're not interested in your views of stupid Americans who come over here with their big video cameras , saying , " Gee , I love your history , it 's just so old . "
SOD OFF !
Jeremy : Ooh .
Just before we do the news , we 've had a letter .
Got to share it with you ... um ...
Here - pink note paper - all the i's have got little circles on them - ready ?
Dear Richard ...
Richard : [ very calm thus far ]
Oh , right .
Jeremy : [ reading ]
Yeah , I watch Top Gear , I think you 're the best looking guy on the program .
Richard : [ frowning ]
That 's hardly an achievement , is it ?
Jeremy :
You 're cool - fair point - [ he means that it 's hardly an achievement to be the best looking guy , not that Hammond is cool ]
You 're cool , good looking , ace hairstyle , wicked clothes ...
Richard :
She said that ?
She sounds all right !
Jeremy : Best wishes ... that 's ah- that 's um , Stuart .
[ Audience laughs ]
Richard :
It 's a modern world , that 's all right .
Jeremy :
But it gets better , because would you like to know Stuart 's address ?
Richard :
Not really , no ...
Jeremy : The Folkestone Wing , Her Majesty 's Prison , Broadmoor .
Richard : Broadmoor ?
Jeremy :
He 's getting out soon and he wants to know - Richard :
But he could be watching now !
Shut up !
Jeremy : [ Raising a hand to shush Hammond ]
No , listen - ' What did you do with all of the shirts from the last series ; can I have them ? '
Richard : No !
No you c-
Or wait , yes , I- How long 's he gonna be ... at that address ...?
Do we know ?
James :
Um , it 's better than that .
Stuart , come on in !
[ Richard is terrified ]
No , I 'm kidding .
Richard : I do n't like that .
November 7th , 2004 [ 5.3 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Richard finds the world 's maddest car ... in Switzerland ; an absolutely fabulous Star in our Reasonably - Priced Car ; and the new Viper attempts to write its own name ... in rubber !
Jeremy : ( Reading a safety warning on the Viper ) " ' This is an open vehicle - drive carefully . '
No ! "
Jeremy :
Anyone familiar with the old Viper simply would n't believe the features that are available on this one , the sequel .
I mean , it has a space which can be used for transporting goods .
Look at this , it has a roof which can be raised and then lowered depending on prevailing weather conditions .
I love this - if you touch this button here , glass rises out of the door .
And - I love this - the pedals can be adjusted using electricity .
This car is so sophisticated it could write its own name . "
( He then proceeds to write " Viper " with skidmarks )
November 14th , 2004 [ 5.4 ] [ edit ]
[ During the opening sequence . ]
Jeremy : Tonight : Richard wets himself in a small hatchback ; we play conkers with caravans ; and a clash of the titans : Aston vs. Ferrari on our track .
[ On the Wally 118 ] Richard : Welcome to the coolest thing in the entire world , a boat ... If Darth Vader was a pirate , this would be his ship .
Richard : [ While driving the Pagani Zonda Roadster through a tunnel ]
There are demons in here !
AND I'M DRIVING ONE !
Richard : [ While road - testing a Pagani Zonda Roadster ]
This is my new home .
In fact , I would sell my house , buy one of these , and live in a tunnel ... Welcome to the Dark Side !
Richard : [ While road - testing a Pagani Zonda Roadster ]
If you are ten and you are watching this right now , it 's exactly as good as you think it is .
It is actually that good .
[ during the conclusion of the Pagani Zonda Roadster review ]
Jeremy :
This is bad news , ladies , very bad news .
Little Richard has fallen in love with a ton and a bit of kevlar and wires .
Look , they 've all come down here ... [ wanders over to a couple of ladies ] look , they 've all come down here with their bare mid-riffs ... and " Richard " and " Hammond " written on their ... like that , and it's no good , he 's gone !
Richard : I love it , I think this is the big one .
Jeremy : Now , we 're going to have to go do the news now before he leaves a deposit on it .
Um ... oh yeah .
So let 's do that !
[ During the news ]
James : [ talking about average speed cameras ]
They are forward - facing , though , right ?
Jeremy : Yeah , the cameras that take the picture as you 're going towards them , yeah .
James : I approve of those .
Jeremy : Why ?
James : Because I 'm a motorcyclist .
Jeremy :
What 's that got to do with it ?
James :
There 's no numberplate on the front of a bike .
Jeremy :
It 's true !
It 's a fair point .
I never thought — why ?
James :
The thing is , I 've been through Northampton on the bike ... [ gestures as though opening throt
For $ 200,000 , you too could soon be blasting out of the Earth 's atmosphere thanks to Richard Branson .
But is this really a revolution in space travel ?
The Mojave desert , 160 km north of Los Angeles , is best known for its unforgiving weather and ancient , almost alien , landscape .
On Monday , however , it will play host to a very modern spectacle when Sir Richard Branson unveils the latest stage of his scheme to transform space travel into a cheap , commercial proposition .
On a barren airstrip tucked into the edge of the desert , the 59 - year - old billionaire will pull back the curtain on Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo ( SS2 ) – the carbon - composite craft about the size of a Gulfstream jet ( and a third of the size of the Space Shuttle ) which aims to carry paying passengers out of the Earth 's atmosphere to the brink of space .
Already , 300 wealthy adventurers are said to have signed up for the proposed $ 200,000 , two - and - a - half - hour flights – among them scientists Stephen Hawking and 90 - year - old James Lovelock , and celebrities such as X - Men director Brian Singer and former Dallas star Victoria Principal .
In stark contrast to the complexity of an astronaut 's training , a flight with Virgin Galactic will only require three days ' pre-training .
It is rumoured that the very first passengers will be Branson himself , along with his two children and parents .
In all , SS2's 12ft long pressurised cabin is designed to carry six " space tourists " and two pilots beyond the Kármán line ( the generally acknowledged boundary of space , 100 km up ) .
For a few minutes , they will experience weightlessness while gazing out of aeroplane - style windows at the curvature of the Earth , the thin surface of the atmosphere and , perhaps , other planets .
By then the rocket 's engines will have been switched off , so the ensuing silence will add to the power of the experience ( trial reports from the prototype SpaceShipOne even described hearing the " ping ping " of molecules striking the bottom of the craft as it re-entered the atmosphere ) .
The engineering acumen behind this hugely ambitious project is led by 66 - year - old Burt Rutan , an aerospace maverick who has broken records and barriers throughout his career .
Under Rutan 's direction , SS2 has been in development for nearly five years , alongside the construction of WhiteKnight Two – the 140ft wingspan " mothership " that will ferry the smaller rocket ship 50,000 ft into the sky before it detaches , then blasts up to the edge of space at up to 2,600 mph .
The construction of both craft out of carbon composite materials – making them much lighter and more fuel efficient – is crucial to the success of cheap commercial space flight .
WhiteKnightTwo is the largest all - composite aircraft ever built , and the weight reduction is reckoned by Virgin Galactic to improve fuel consumption by up to 60 % – something that has obvious implications for the aircraft industry in the longer term .
Rutan 's team have also designed SS2 to curl up or " feather " its wings once out of the atmosphere , meaning it can fall back like a shuttlecock at a near - vertical angle without the need for pilot control , before reforming its wings at 60,000ft for the final gliding descent to the " spaceport 's " runway .
While each Space Shuttle mission is estimated to cost around $ 1bn , a Virgin Galactic flight ( obviously much shorter , and far less complex ) is put at less than $ 2 m .
But it is still a huge financial undertaking , and even with those 300 or so advanced bookings ( flights are eventually anticipated to run once or even twice a day ) , Branson has sold part of the business to investors based in Abu Dhabi to bring in $ 280 m of much - needed capital .
He is surely also right when he says that " $ 200,000 is still too expensive for the majority of people " .
The biggest challenge came in 2007 , however , when an explosion at the company 's factory killed three engineers and left three others seriously injured .
With typical understatement , a distraught Rutan called the blast , which happened when a rocket test stand exploded during a fairly routine trial , " a tough thing " .
Development was put on hold for a year .
Even now , many observers remain unsure that the project can be entirely safe , and , to his credit , Rutan does not mince words on the subject , suggesting it should be compared to the early days of traditional aviation .
" This is designed to be at least as safe as the early airliners in the 1920s , " he has said .
" But do n't believe anyone who tells you that the safety will be the same as a modern airliner , which has been around for 70 years . "
For Branson and Virgin , though , who also have new Formula One racing and submarine exploration projects under way , breaking boundaries and taking calculated risks are all part of the brand .
( CNN ) -- Jennifer Valdivia scooped up the baseball after it sailed into the right - field stands .
The 12 - year - old smiled and giggled over the keepsake from her first Major League ballgame .
Jennifer Valdivia , 12 , holds the record - setting baseball after it was returned this week to her .
She 'd have to sue to get the ball back .
This is the story of a baseball and the big leagues , of a young girl , a slugger and a lawsuit .
It 's about another stain on America 's pastime -- commercialism colliding with a kid 's innocent joy .
Jennifer 's big catch was the 200th home run for Ryan Howard , an All - Star for the Philadelphia Phillies .
The 29 - year - old first baseman achieved the milestone faster than any player in Major League history , in his 658th career game , 48 fewer games than the previous record .
The ballclub wanted to give the ball to its star player .
And that 's where things got complicated .
Watch Jennifer smile as ball is returned »
It was mid-July .
The Phillies squared off against the Florida Marlins at Land Shark Stadium near Miami .
Jennifer was in the stands with her 69 - year - old grandfather , her 17 - year - old brother and one of his friends .
Howard launched his history - making homer in the sixth inning , a solo shot to right field .
The sixth - grader beat her older brother to the ball .
Nearby , fans said they could n't believe a girl came away with the prize .
" I was rubbing it in my brother 's face , " Jennifer later recalled .
He 'd been to many games before , but had never caught a homer ball .
" I got a ball and you did n't , " she teased .
Switcheroo leaves mom steaming
Excitedly , Jennifer called her mom on the phone .
" Mom , I got the ball ! "
Moments later , the Marlins sent a team representative to the stands .
Jennifer and her brother , Gian Carlos , were escorted to the Phillies ' clubhouse .
Their grandfather , a Cuban immigrant who does n't speak English , stayed in his seat .
A Phillies employee , Jennifer says , told her if she handed over the ball , she could come back after the game , meet the slugger and get him to autograph it .
She gave the ball up .
In exchange , she got cotton candy and a soda .
Jennifer went back to her seat but returned to the clubhouse after the game -- this time , with her grandfather and the rest of her party .
They waited .
The Phillies slugger never showed up .
A security guard walked up and gave Jennifer a ball autographed by Howard .
But it was n't the one she caught .
This ball was clean and polished .
Jennifer calls it " the fake one . "
" I was , like , really sad . "
Howard told reporters after the game that he was proud of his feat .
He eclipsed Hall of Famer Ralph Kiner , who played on three teams from 1946 to 1955 .
Kiner 's record had stood for more than a half - century .
" It 's a nice record to have , " Howard said .
" I 'll take it and run with it . "
When Jennifer 's mother , Delfa Vanegas , got wind of what happened , she was n't happy .
She grilled her daughter about giving up the prized possession .
" What do you want me to do , Mom ? " Jennifer said .
" They were asking for the ball . "
Vanegas ' motherly instinct kicked in .
She felt her daughter had been duped , robbed of something potentially worth thousands of dollars .
" It 's my daughter , " the steamed mom says .
" It 's my blood . "
She contacted the Phillies and asked for the ball .
In baseball parlance , the Phillies balked .
But the team did offer to give the family VIP tickets the next time they played in Florida .
" I do n't want tickets , " Vanegas replied .
" I want the ball back . "
Entering the batter 's box : attorney Norm Kent .
He first approached the Phillies in July with his simple demand : Give the girl her ball .
True value , and memories
Letting fans keep the home - run balls they catch is a time - honored tradition .
It 's a way for ordinary fans to connect with the superstars -- and to cash in on the catch if history has been made .
When Salvatore Durante snagged Roger Maris ' 61st home - run ball -- the one that broke Babe Ruth 's single season home - run record in 1961 -- his life changed forever .
Durante offered to give it to Maris , but the Yankees slugger declined .
" He said : ' Keep the baseball and try to make some money with it , ' " Durante once told the Baltimore Sun .
He sold it for $ 5,000 -- what amounted to a year - and - a - half 's salary for Durante .
See where historic baseballs are now
Howard 's ball is small potatoes in the world of sports memorabilia , maybe worth a couple thousand bucks on the open market .
But it 's hugely sentimental to the player -- and to the girl who caught it at her first ballgame .
So , Kent 's efforts to get the ball back for his young client met with resistance .
There was no way of knowing " with any degree of certainty whether the ball delivered was in fact the home - run ball , " Phillies attorney William Webb wrote in a brush - back letter dated August 6 .
If the girl wants the baseball , Webb continued , contact Howard 's agent , " since the player now has the ball . "
By Monday of this week , with the regular season over and no ball in hand , Kent took the extraordinary measure of suing on behalf of Jennifer .
He sought the ball and a judgment " in excess of $ 15,000 . "
The ball was promptly returned .
" Ryan Howard 200th career home run , " it says in capital letters across the ball , now encased .
" My ball , " Jennifer says with a smile .
The Phillies , in the middle of a pitched playoff battle , have declined comment on the ball brouhaha .
Howard 's agent , Terry Prince , told CNN affiliate WSVN : " He 's willing to give the ball back to her without any strings attached .
Free of charge . "
As part of the settlement , Kent said Howard and the Phillies agreed to pay his attorney fee , about $ 1,000 .
Jennifer has no plans to sell .
She keeps the ball in her room , hidden near her bunk so friends can't take it .
" When I grow up and everything , I 'm going to show it to my kids , " said Jennifer , who wants to be a pediatrician .
" Then , they 're going to tell their kids , and their kids are going to tell their other kids . "
Her message to ballclubs and millionaire players ?
The next time a child catches a home - run ball , let the kid keep it .
Or , if you 're going to take it away , at least ask a parent first .
All About Baseball • Philadelphia Phillies • Civil Trials
Vt. Court Weighs
What a Dog 's Love Is Worth Can animal lovers sue for emotional distress caused by pet 's death ?
Dec. 17 , 2009  --
What 's a dog 's love worth ?
That 's the question before the Vermont Supreme Court today in a case that could create a new legal doctrine for animal lovers who sue when their beloved pets die from acts of malicious intent .
Sarah and Denis Scheele of Annapolis , Md. , who brought the case , lost their mixed - breed dog " Shadow " in 2003 when a man fatally shot him after the pet wandering into his yard .
Lewis Dustin , 76 , of Northfield , Vt. , pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of animal cruelty and was given a year probation .
He also was ordered to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 4,000 to the Scheeles for the costs of adoption , medical bills and cremation .
But the Scheeles say that does n't come close to covering the emotional cost inflicted by the traumatic incident and loss of companionship , equating the death of Shadow to the death of a child .
" Shadow was our little boy , our son , our child , " Sarah Scheele wrote on her Web site JusticeforShadow.com .
" We loved him as if he were our own flesh and blood . "
The couple filed a civil suit against Dustin in 2006 , pressing the courts to recognize Shadow as a " member of the family , not mere property . "
They are seeking $ 6,000 in damages for " emotional distress " and loss of the " solace , affection , friendship , and love that they shared " with Shadow .
David Blythe , Dustin 's lawyer , told ABCNews.com that what the Scheele 's are asking for is unprecedented .
" The Vermont rule , which is consistent around the country , is that animals including pets are personal property , and if someone or something causes the death of an animal , you do not recover emotional distress damages , " he said .
The Scheeles ' lawyer Heidi Groff told ABCNews.com the Vermont high court has left the door open for pursuit of damages in situations like this one .
" The Vermont Supreme Court has previously said ... that they recognize a special relationship between dogs and their owners and that that is a unique relationship that should and could be recognized by the court , " she said .
Lawyers for both sides say neither Dustin nor the Scheeles dispute the facts of the incident , which occurred during the Scheeles ' July 2003 visit to relatives in Northfield , Vt. , a small town south of Montpelier .
Accounts provided by both sides indicate Shadow wandered out of sight of the Scheeles and into the neighboring yard of Dustin , who fired an air pellet rifle at the dog to scare him off his property .
" Suddenly , Shadow let out a horrific yelp , " Sarah Scheele wrote of the moment on her Web site .
" I screamed , ' Shadow !
What 's the matter sweetie ? '…
My mind then registered the ' pop ' noise that I had heard and I yelled to my husband , ' Denis , I think Shadow has been shot ! ' "
Instead of hitting the dog in the rear , Blythe said , Dustin 's bullet was a " one in a million shot " that had entered the chest of dog and severed its aorta .
Dustin , who did not attend today 's hearing , declined to comment on the case when reached by ABCNews.com other than to say that he did not intend to kill the dog .
Should Pet Lovers Be Compensated for Emotional Loss ?
" We cannot sleep , we cannot eat , we cannot laugh … all we can do is cry , " Sarah Scheele wrote online after Shadow 's death .
" Denis has trouble focusing on work … not being able to put [ away ] the horrific memory of Shadow running and leaping into his arms screaming in pain .
...
As his mommy , I feel so lost .
I can't sleep and I can't stop crying .
My days are so empty without my little boy . "
The Vermont Supreme Court ruled earlier this year against a plaintiff who sought damages for the emotional loss from a cat 's death by veterinarian negligence .
Blythe believes that case will guide the justices in this one .
" The Scheele 's mission is they want to achieve a change to American tort law .
They 're not trying to exact revenge against Lewis , " he said .
Groff , the Scheeles and other animal rights advocates are optimistic the court will move towards change .
" Pets are not property , " Martin Mersereau of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals told ABCNews.com .
" In the law 's eyes they are , but things are changing .
Animals are family members , animals are loved -- in many cases -- like children . "
The Scheeles ' case , he said , is helping to facilitate change in how the courts view killings of beloved animals .
Of the average 500 animal cruelty complaints filed with the group each week , he said , the majority involve pets harmed -- often shot -- while outside unsupervised .
This feature originally appeared at 24/7 Wall St. It was written by Jon Ogg and Douglas A. McIntyre .
24/7 Wall St. has prepared its list of the ten brands that will disappear in 2010 .
This list is based on a review of each firm ’s financial situation and other operating data , the current and ongoing value of its brand , and whether the company that controls that brand can sell its assets .
This year a number of famous brands have closed or their parents have announced that they will be shut down shortly .
This includes decades - old magazines like Gourmet and famous car brands like Pontiac .
The recession took whatever economic value these brands had left and destroyed it .
The brands on the 24/7 list for 2010 include companies that have been in trouble for years .
Some have been in slow decline and others were irreparably damaged by the credit crisis .
Most of these companies will be bought and the rest will simply be closed .
Disclosures : Newsweek and 24/7 Wall St. have a content licensing agreement .
Douglas A. McIntyre and Strauss Zelnick , a Blockbuster board member , served together on the board of On2 Technologies from 2000 to 2004 .
Lawyers for oil traders Trafigura finally abandoned attempts to keep secret a scientific report about toxic waste dumping in west Africa , that was shown to the Guardian .
Just after 7.30 pm Carter - Ruck , libel lawyers for Trafigura , wrote a letter to the Guardian which said the newspaper should regard itself as " released forthwith " from any reporting restrictions .
An MP revealed the report 's existence to parliament this week , after the Guardian was hit with a " super- injunction " banning all mention of it and other UK media were then subsequently notified of , and therefore bound by it .
The Minton report , commissioned in 2006 from the London - based firm 's scientific consultants , said that based on the " limited " information they had been given Trafigura 's oil waste , dumped cheaply the month before in a city in Ivory Coast , was potentially toxic , and " capable of causing severe human health effects " .
The study said early reports of large scale medical problems among the inhabitants of Abidjan , were consistent with a release of a cloud of potentially lethal hydrogen sulphide gas over the city .
The effects could have included severe burns to the skin and lungs , eye damage , permanent ulceration , coma and death .
The author of this initial draft study , John Minton , of consultants Minton , Treharne & Davies , said dumping the waste would have been illegal in Europe and the proper method of disposal should have been a specialist chemical treatment called wet air oxidation .
Although the report was cautious , pointing out that unreliable press reports and " mass hysteria " might have led to exaggeration of alleged ill effects , its contents were unwelcome .
Trafigura subsequently did not use the report in the personal injury report in the claim against them and did not dislcose the report 's existence .
It issued a series of public statements over the next three years saying the waste had been routinely disposed of and was harmless .
Trafigura based this decision on other reports produced from an analysis of the slops obtained from the Probo Koala ship .
Trafigura dismissed complaints of illness in a lawsuit brought by 30,000 inhabitants of Abidjan , before being forced last month to pay them £ 30 m in compensation and legal costs in a confidential out of court settlement .
The oil firm then conceded in a public statement that the toxic fumes could have caused " flu - like symptoms " to the inhabitants .
But it was accepted in an agreed statement by both sides that expert evidence did not back the more serious claims of deaths , miscarriages or serious injuries , made in previous official statements by the Ivory Coast and British governments and in a UN report .
Before the settlement announcement , Trafigura 's lawyers Carter - Ruck obtained a super - injunction from a judge , banning the Guardian not only from revealing the existence of the Minton report , but also from telling anyone about the existence of the injunction .
They said the Minton report was confidential because it had been obtained for possible use in litigation .
Trafigura said the report was only preliminary and had proved to be inaccurate .
They said hydrogen sulphide in the waste could not have broken down into a dangerous gas after the dumping and that other experts had concluded : " no other chemicals were released in concentrations capable of causing significant harm to human health " .
Carter - Ruck was unable to prevent the publication of internal company emails by the Guardian , which confirmed Trafigura executives had been aware in advance that their waste was hazardous , and knew that it ought to have received expensive specialist treatment .
Company traders talked about making " serious dollars " from paying someone to take away their " shit " .
Attempts by Carter - Ruck to suppress the Minton report led to a controversy about parliamentary privilege this week , when the law firm initially tried to prevent reporting of parliamentary questions tabled by the Labour MP Paul Farrelly .
They later abandoned this attempt .
Carter - Ruck was accused by MPs of potential contempt of parliament .
Tonight , Alan Rusbridger , the Guardian 's editor , said : " I welcome the climbdown by Trafigura and Carter - Ruck .
Now people can read the Minton report they will realise why it was in the public interest for it to be published .
It has taken a five - week legal battle – involving journalists , lawyers , bloggers and parliament itself – to force this information into the open .
Never again should a newspaper be threatened with contempt of court for reporting parliament .
And judges should think again about the use of super - injunctions which are themselves secret .
This is a good day for parliament , open justice and free reporting . "
Pierre Lorinet , Trafigura 's chief financial officer , told the Telegraph : " We decided that our best course of action at the time was to get the injunction , because we did n't want more inaccurate reporting on things which are very clearly wrong effectively .
It is a heavy - handed approach , absolutely .
With hindsight , could it have been done differently ?
Possibly .
The injunction was never intended to gag parliament or attack free speech . "
The larger the number of examinees , the lower the average grade .
This is one of the findings of a series of new studies carried out by scientists at the University of Haifa and the University of Michigan .
" It is a well - established fact that subjective factors influence our motivation to compete .
Our recent studies have shown that objective factors , such as the size of a competing group , also have an effect on motivation , " explains Dr. Avishalom Tor from the University of Haifa 's Faculty of Law .
The series of studies , which Dr. Tor carried out along with Dr. Stephen Garcia of the University of Michigan , were designed to examine whether a large number of participants in a competition would affect motivation and the performance of the individual competitor even in cases where the number of competitors does not influence the anticipated value of winning .
The first study investigated the grades of the SAT university entrance examination across the USA .
The scientists divided the number of examinees in each state by the number of sites where the test was held in that state , to determine the average number of examinees per site in each state .
The researchers took into consideration differences between the states in relevant socioeconomic variables , finding that the lower the average number of students being examined at the sites of a given state , the higher the average score in that state .
Seeing as it is difficult to make assumptions based on averages calculated at a state level , a second and more focused study was carried out .
This time , the results were gathered from a psychological test , known as the Cognitive Reflection Test , that was taken by 1,383 students at the University of Michigan .
The data was assembled from 22 different sittings of the same test over the course of three years , when it was known not only how many examinees were taking the test at each session but also their individual grades and demographic variables .
This individual - level data similarly showed that the fewer the examinees at a specific session , the higher the average results .
A third study that the researchers carried out consisted of a controlled survey .
The experiment asked 74 students to take a short , timed quiz when sitting alone .
Half the students were told they belonged to a group of 10 students taking the quiz , while the other half were told there were 100 examinees in total .
They were also told that the first 20 % to complete the test -- without compromising the accuracy of their answers -- would be given 5 dollars .
The results showed that students who thought they were competing against 9 others completed their tests significantly faster than those who thought they were competing against 99 others , although the accuracy of the responses did not differ between the groups .
Additional experiments directly examined how competitors judge their chances to win , considered interpersonal differences , and showed that the variation in competitive motivation and performance directly results from the drop in the importance ascribed to social comparison ( the process by which people evaluate themselves in comparison to others ) as the number of competitors rises .
" The results of this study have relevance in almost all areas of life .
They shed light on the issue of classroom size , as smaller classes would improve student motivation to ' compete ' and to strive for better achievements .
The findings also affect the workplace : salespersons working in large warehouses , for example , would be lower achievers than those working in small groups , " Dr. Tor concludes .
A meal consisting of a Quarter Pounder hamburger , french fries and soft - drink is pictured at a McDonald 's restaurant in Los Angeles , California July 23 , 2008 .
McDonald 's on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that topped expectations , boosted by continued strength overseas , the sale of its stake in sandwich chain Pret A Manger , and the weak dollar .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Moviergoers who tuck into a medium popcorn and a soft drink could be eating the equivalent of three McDonald ’s quarter - pounder burgers topped with a dozen scoops of butter , according to a U.S. study .
A laboratory analysis of snacks sold at U.S. cinemas and commissioned by the Center for Science and Public Interest ( CSPI ) found a medium popcorn and soft drink contained 1,160 calories and three days ’ worth -- 60 grams -- of saturated fat .
“ Who expects about 1,500 calories and three days ’ worth of heart - stopping fat in a popcorn and soda combo ?
That ’s the saturated fat of a stick of butter and the calories of two sticks of butter , ” said CSPI senior nutritionist Jayne Hurley in a statement .
“ You might think you ’re getting Bambi , but you ’re really getting Godzilla . ”
She said even sharing a small portion of popcorn between two people would mean consuming a day ’s worth of saturated fat , the kind that clogs arteries and is linked to heart disease .
Hurley said every tablespoon of “ buttery ” oil topping adds another 130 calories according to the study published in Nutrition Action Healthletter .
“ Asking for topping is like asking for oil on French fries or potato chips , ” she added .
Science Quotes
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool .
— Richard Feynman , Caltech commencement address , 1974
HOMEOPATHY : turning water into money since 1810
— Dr Aust
… those who have never entered upon scientific pursuits know not a tithe of the poetry by which they are surrounded .
— Herbert Spencer
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field .
— Niels Bohr
Once you get a B.S. , you think you know everything .
Once you get an M.S. , you realize you know nothing .
Once you get a Ph.D. , you realize no one knows anything !
— unknown
The fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses .
They laughed at Columbus , they laughed at Fulton , they laughed at the Wright brothers .
But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown .
— Carl Sagan .
Progress in science comes when experiments contradict theory .
— Richard Feynman
It ’s so easy to become mesmerized by the immediacy of a result that you do n’t question its validity .
— Naomi Karten
You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world , but when you ’re finished , you ’ll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird …
So let ’s look at the bird and see what it ’s doing – that ’s what counts .
I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something .
— Richard Feynman
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it .
— Flannery O'Connor
When one is postulating correlations or causations extant in reality , one should always remember that the human brain is mainly a pattern recognition engine .
And it is such a persistent pattern recognition engine that it often perceives patterns where none exist .
— Jeff Walther
In science we kill our hypothesis instead of each other .
— Jonathan Rauch paraphrasing Karl Popper .
The tree of research must be fed from time to time with the blood of bean - counters , for it is its natural manure .
— Alan Kay
A foolish faith in authority is the greatest enemy of truth .
— Einstein
The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one .
The happiness of credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality .
— George Bernard Shaw
To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin ” .
— Cardinal Belleramine
Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts .
— Richard Feynman
You should not fool the laymen when you ’re talking as a scientist … .
I ’m talking about a specific , extra type of integrity that is not lying , but bending over backwards to show how you ’re maybe wrong , [ an integrity ] that you ought to have when acting as a scientist .
And this is our responsibility as scientists , certainly to other scientists , and I think to laymen .
— Richard Feynman , Caltech commencement address , 1974
Science reserves the highest reward for those of you who disprove our most cherished beliefs .
At any moment someone from any walk of life could come forward and be responsible for a complete revision of our view of everything .
— Ann Druyan
George Stigler Nobel laureate and a leader of Chicago School was asked why there were no Nobel Prizes awarded in the other social sciences , sociology , psychology , history , etc .
“ Do n’t worry ” , Stigler said , “ they have already have a Nobel Prize in … Literature ”
— Robert Kuttner , The Poverty of Economics , The Atlantic Monthly , Feb 1985 , p. 79
Copying an idea from an author is plagiarism .
Copying many ideas from many authors is … research !!
— Phelson ’s Law
Mathematics has no symbols for confused ideas .
— George Stigler
For a successful technology , reality must take precedence over public relations , for nature can not be fooled .
— Richard P. Feynman , minority report on the Space Shuttle Challenger Accident
The experience of being proved completely wrong is salutory .
No economist should be denied it , and none are .
[ This also applies to all scientists . ]
— J K Galbraith
As for string theory , it ’s likely to unravel only when its practitioners begin to get bored with their lack of progress .
Like the old Soviet Union , it will have to collapse from within .
The publication of these two books is a hopeful sign that theoretical physics may have entered its Gorbachev ­era .
— David Lindley in a review of “ The Trouble with Physics ” by Lee Smolin and “ Not Even Wrong ” by Peter Woit .
Research is the effort of the mind to comprehend relationships which no one has previously known , and in its finest exemplification it is practical as well as theoretical , trending always toward worthwhile relationships , demanding common sense as well as uncommon ability .
[ S. Millman ( Ed. ) , A History of Engineering and Science in the Bell System , Physical Sciences ( 1925 -1980 ) , Bell Telephone Laboratories , Inc. , 1983 ]
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge .
— Charles Darwin
Seek simplicity , and distrust it .
— Alfred North Whitehead
If we knew what we were doing , it would n’t be called research , would it ?
— Albert Einstein
All models are wrong , but some are useful .
— George Box
A little while back in my Fourth Edition Time Machine article I offhandedly commented about using the disease framework to handle cursed items .
Folks seemed to like the idea of using that familiar , if under utilized , mechanic in a new way .
That ’s just the beginning .
There are plenty of systems in 4e that can be given a whole new purpose if you just turn them on their side .
Diseases
Usually as long as you live through a fight in 4e you are going to be just fine after at most a good night ’s sleep .
One of the few exceptions to that rule is if you become infected by a disease .
You can use the same mechanic to add a variety of post battle consequences .
For instance , a big ogre can have a monstrous strike that actually cracks bones .
A snapped arm could start off on the highest end of the disease track and need to work it ’s way back down .
A witch could lay down a hex that persists long after her death .
Unless her target can resist , he will be transformed in stages until he fully becomes a pig !
Expanding the use of diseases can also give a much need boost to the value of the endurance skill .
Traps and Hazards
Open Grave features a new spin on old traps , using the rules for a haunting mechanic .
Bloody handprints and screams that damage the mind .
Hands that spring from crypts and grab those who come close .
It ’s a morbid twist on the idea of physical traps .
A nexus of arcane energies that blasts out random energy sources can be a “ trap ” which must be safely defused with arcana .
A camouflaged animal waiting to inject its venom can serve as a trap .
The creature is easy to dispatch , to those with the right nature skills .
Traps open a wide array of possibilities once you get past the idea of spitting darts and sweeping blades .
Skill Challenges
Skill challenges are described as non -combat encounters , but they do n’t have to be .
You can use skill challenges in place of traditional combat rules .
For example , imagine the party does battle with giant stone golem .
Their weapons prove nearly useless against it , but perhaps they can battle it using their knowledge of the arcana that fuels it , rig up traps , tumble out of the way of its attacks or even use dungeoneering knowledge to find weak points in the stone .
Similarly you could treat mass combats as skill challenges .
The PCs easily how the skills to beat common soldiers , but do they have the wits and endurance to defeat an entire army .
You ’re bringing the tension of combat to a skill challenge situation .
Skill challenges can also be incorporated into a normal combat .
Players can enter a skill challenge to turn off a trap or terrain feature or even manipulate it for their own ends .
Skill challenges might also directly affect the enemy .
A big solo boss might have potential skill challenges .
The party might invest rounds in a skill challenge to lower his defenses by exposing a weak point , disable one of his abilities or a skill challenge that deals direct damage to the boss more than their combined attacks .
Have you used old mechanics in new ways ?
Tell us your tricks in the comments !
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Equality snoopers to keep files on your sexuality
A new ' Lifestyle Database ' will draw information from medical records as well as government surveys ( posed by models )
People will be routinely asked to answer sensitive questions about their sexuality so a Government quango can compile a massive ' equalities ' database , it emerged last night .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is to take information given in confidence by millions and place it on a huge ' Lifestyle Database ' .
It will draw information from sources including visits to A&E departments , government surveys and the reporting of crimes to police .
In order for bureaucrats to measure whether gay or straight citizens are suffering greater ' inequality ' , the EHRC said everybody should be asked to provide information about their sexual identity .
They will be asked if they are heterosexual / straight , gay / lesbian , bisexual or other .
Campaigners said the establishment of the ' Big Brother ' database - which will be available on the quango 's website - would alarm the public .
Alex Deane , Director of Big Brother Watch , said : ' This intrusive database is being built without even the smallest consideration for privacy .
' When people go to hospital , they do n't think that information about their illness is going to be shared with the EHRC .
' What possible right does the EHRC have to build this database , and then share what they 've gathered with other people on their website ?'
Details of the plan emerged after the EHRC , led by chairman Trevor Phillips , began the tendering process for establishing the database .
Freedom of Information requests , obtained by the Old Holborn blogger , then revealed what the scheme involved .
Equalities bosses have decided they must work out whether citizens are suffering inequality based upon various different factors .
These include age , gender , disability , sexual orientation , religion and belief , transgender status , ethnicity and social class .
Citizens ' characteristics will be checked through their answers to various government surveys and information on whether they need hospital care or have called the police .
It will allow bureaucrats to check different groups are not more likely to die young , be murdered , suffer illness , or violent crime .
Checks will also be made of happiness , healthy living standards and educational attainment .
Any minority groups considered to be losing out can then be targeted for Government help .
It will not be possible to identify individuals from the information on the database .
But what is alarming campaigners is the way the information will be compiled .
Staff are planning to take data which is given to a list of 45 different sources by members of the public .
This includes their A&E records , the British Crime Survey , the British Election Study , the Census , Childcare and Early Years Parents ' Survey and the Citizenship Survey .
The information is not provided in the knowledge it will be handed over to an equality quango .
But the EHRC 's report on the way the database should be established says the sexual identity question should become a standard part of major surveys ' as soon as practicable ' .
An EHRC spokesman said : ' Crime rates , poor hospital treatment , lack of childcare places and inadequate housing are some of the things that British people are worried about .
' Looking at each of these problems in isolation does n't tell the whole story , as these factors may combine together to have a bigger effect on our lives .
' By looking at all the issues together , our framework will show what needs to be done to make Britain a fairer place to live . '
In celebration of the 25th anniversary of the Hubble telescope , Hubble will be released in select IMAX and IMAX 3D theatres starting April 20 , 2015 .
Through the power of IMAX ®
3D , Hubble 3D will enable movie - goers to journey through distant galaxies to explore the grandeur and mysteries of our celestial surroundings , and accompany space - walking astronauts as they attempt the most difficult and important tasks in NASA ’s history .
The film will offer an inspiring and unique look into the Hubble Space Telescope ’s legacy and highlight its profound impact on the way we view the universe and ourselves .
Narrated by Leonardo DiCaprio , Hubble 3D reunites the Space Station 3D filmmaking team , led by Producer / Director Toni Myers .
James Neihouse , Director of Photography , also doubles as the Astronaut crew trainer .
Judy Carroll is Associate Producer , and Graeme Ferguson , Co-founder of IMAX and pioneer Producer of many IMAX space films , is Executive Producer .
Hubble 3D is an IMAX and Warner Bros .
Pictures production , in cooperation with National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) .
IMPORTANT UPDATE
6/17/2014
Welcome to the new A Distant Soil webcomic .
For over five years , this site has hosted pages from the A DISTANT SOIL series from Image Comics .
All of those pages were originally scanned from the best available sources and provided for our readers here at no charge .
A recent software update wiped out our entire system and necessitated that we either end the online series which is still running in print at Image , or completely reformat all our files .
We ’ve decided to redo our entire system and reload the whole book for you .
This is going to take some time as we have over 1000 pages of inventory to post .
But the good news is , after a FIVE YEAR restoration effort , we can now bring you the meticulously restored digital edition of A DISTANT SOIL at twice the size of the original webcomic , pristine scans from perfect files which are significantly cleaner than our old files , and easier to read .
A DISTANT SOIL : SEASONS OF SPRING is the prequel to the entire series , and loading to this website for the first time .
It has been unavailable in print since 1994 .
A DISTANT SOIL : THE GATHERING is the first volume of the series , and we will load pages as time permits .
Look for the SELECT STORY button for the drop down menu to choose a chapter of A DISTANT SOIL .
We hope you will enjoy the series , and if you have a chance , hit our donation button .
Or check out our bookstore to find outstanding quality print editions .
Also , digital editions of A DISTANT SOIL are now available from COMIXOLOGY .
Click on the About A Distant Soil page above for more information about this series .
At our SHOP page , you can order A Distant Soil graphic novels as well as other books by Colleen .
Thanks for stopping by .
Your support of this website helps Colleen Doran create her work .
Please forward this link to your friends , and subscribe to the webcomic by clicking the above link .
Please be advised the old A Distant Soil blog is being discontinued .
We will be doing our best to transfer important info to this blog as time permits , but the entire blog will be deleted .
Please update your links to this blog as soon as possible .
We ’ve done everything we can to preserve all the original posts and comments , but unfortunately , some material is lost .
We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience to our readers .
A DISTANT SOIL is created , written and drawn by Colleen Doran .
Digital Restoration by Allan Harvey .
Custom Colleen Doran lettering font by kind permission of Comicraft .
Thanks to DC McQueen for all her help .
Best Wishes !
The DSCC has made clear their intent to decide our Senate primary for us .
The have chosen a one term [ former ] state senator with close ties to some of the more conservative ( and ethically challenged ) in our political establishment .
In doing so the DSCC spits in the face of the two announced candidates :
• Kenneth Lewis - A Durham lawyer who has fought predatory lending for over 10 years
• Elaine Marshall - Our veteran Sec of State who has campaigned and won statewide as a progressive .
Also the first woman to win statewide office in NC .
Unfortunately , neither of these two progressive candidates are a white man willing to fake a Southern drawl .
Since the DSCC 's pick is virtually unknown in North Carolina , they intend spend money attacking progressive Democrats in order to secure their desired election result ...
The DSCC should not be involved in primary races .
Democrats have held virtually uninterrupted control of North Carolina state government for over hundred years .
In the past 25 years , this has been in large part because the NCDP remains neutral in primary elections , whereas the NCGOP leadership has kept their party divided through ill advised interference in primaries .
" On health care , [ Cunningham ] said he was n't ready to make a statement about the public option , but said costs needed to be reduced and insurance providers should not be able to turn people down for pre-existing conditions . "
Leaving David " Diapers " Vitter ( R - LA ) and his hypocrisy and ethical lapses aside for a moment -- in a state that seems to pride itself in ignoring hypocrisy and ethical lapses in its political elite -- there is one incumbent Republican senator up for re-election next year who could conceivably be replaced by a Democrat : Richard Burr , a die - hard obstructionist buffoon from North Carolina .
( I know I said we should leave Vitter aside for a moment , but I do want to point out one more thing about the race in Louisiana before moving on to North Carolina .
Vitter 's opponent is a mangy old worthless Blue Dog , Charlie Melancon , who consistently votes more frequently with the GOP -- on substantive issues -- than with the Democrats .
He voted against the healthcare reform bill , though not before votingthe Stupak amendment , and last night was one of the 28 Dems crossing the aisle to oppose a jobs creation bill .
The rest of this post will not mention Louisiana , Melancon or Vitter again . )
Burr , who used to represent the good folks who now elect Virginia Foxx to the House bi-annually , is a former lawnmower salesman and a clueless and bought - out shill for Wall Street ( which has ponied up $ 2,730,319 towards his political career ) and the Medical - Industrial Complex ( which has heaped on another $ 2,350,726 ) .
That 's over $ 5 million from the two most special of the special interests with business pending before Congress , business which is -- 100 %-- supported by Burr , regardless of how disastrously it impacts working families back in North Carolina .
Last year North Carolina took a decidedly blue turn .
Obama won the state and Burr 's senior colleague , Liddy Dole was trounced , winding up with a mere 44 % of the vote .
Republicans forfeited yet another House seat -- their second in two cycles -- and the Democrats now control the House delegation 8 - 5 .
So what are the Democrats doing to exploit the shift and to exploit Burr 's weaknesses ?
Glad you asked !
Virtually every person I know in North Carolina has been complaining this week about the ham - fisted nature of the interference of the DSCC there .
Pam Spaulding , North Carolina 's most respected blogger was fuming a few days ago in a private e-mail : " My question -- why does the DSCC keep meddling in our ( NC ) races like this ?
It really looks bad this time around with a woman and a black man getting the brush - off for another candidate the Beltway thinks is ' more like NC . ' ... Let the flipping people decide .
It 's good to have all three hats in the ring .
" Another dedicated progressive blogger sent me a note that was even angrier : Funny , just when John Cornyn is cringing that the NRSC has come into devastating conflict with the Republican grassroots by endorsing establishment figures like Charlie Crist ( FL ) , Mark Kirk ( IL ) , Rob Portman ( OH ) , Kelly Ayotte ( NH ) , and Mike Castle ( DE ) -- and when the NRCC chair himself is being forced into a potentially damaging race against an angry teabagger because of NRCC behavior in the same vein -- Inside the Beltway Democrats are re-implementing the same failed strategy .
I wondered if any of this had to do with ideology .
Certainly all three candidates are campaigning as progressives , even though no one seems to think the DSCC is doing anything more than placating and pandering to a base he will abandon the moment he has the nomination .
Pam Spaulding 's interview this week with Kenneth Lewis goes a long way towards explaining where he is on the issues .
He 's from what Howard Dean once mentioned as the " Democratic wing of the Democratic Party . "
And so is Elaine Marshall .
She has n't been shy about being an early and aggressive advocate of healthcare reform , some Burr is hysterically opposed to and something that the DSCC candidate is still trying to figure out how to position himself on politically .
This is from the October 4 issue of theAP has already picked up on the difference between how Cunningham and Burr on the one hand , who are supporting escalation of the war in Afghanistan , and Elaine Marshall and Kenneth Lewis , who are n't .
" As a former small business owner and attorney in domestic cases , " Secretary of State Marshall explained to North Carolina voters , " I ’ve seen , firsthand , the hardship visited on our families during tough economic times : families disintegrate when there are no jobs , no hope , and no future . " Therefore I agree with President Obama that the nation I ’m most interested in rebuilding is our own .
Our commitment in Afghanistan though has become a deadly distraction of attention and resources from the real suffering that is going on here among the American people .
" I acknowledge that there are no easy answers in Afghanistan and I respect the time and consideration that President took in making his decision .
However , I disagree that now is the time to commit 30,000 additional men and women into harm ’s way to prop up a corrupt government that has shown no real effort to reform itself .
The mission that we are about to undertake has too much to do with building a nation that has not had a stable or responsible government in decades and too little to do with keeping us safe at home .
" Our goal should be to stop terrorists who threaten our country wherever they are .
Right now , the greatest threat to the United States and the rest of the world is Pakistan .
I heard too little about political cooperation from Pakistan and the threat it poses .
Pakistan harbors the most dangerous mix of terrorists and nuclear weapons in the world .
Our efforts should be there , using political and diplomatic pressure on the their government to root out Al Qaeda elements .
" Failed states provide havens and training grounds for terrorists .
However , at no time in history , have these states been “ fixed ” by the foreign powers .
They have only been made stable by long - term occupations that , eventually , fail .
That is not the route we should take in Afghanistan .
" Or maybe it 's not ideological .
Maybe the DSCC just really thinks one woman senator for North Carolina is enough and that it 's time for someone who will pass for a good ole boy .
One thing is clear though -- the DSCC is n't evaluating candidates based on who has a track - record of winning statewide races and it is n't evaluating candidates most likely to support Democratic initiatives in the Senate .
Labels : Afghanistan , Cal Cunningham , David Vitter , DSCC , Elaine Marshall , Kenneth Lewis , North Carolina , primaries , Richard Burr , Senate 2010
For a while , it seemed that a two - state solution might actually be achievable and that a sovereign Palestinian state would be created in the West Bank and Gaza , allowing Jews and Palestinians at last to go their separate ways .
But these days , that looks less and less likely .
With Israel in total control of the territory from the Mediterranean to the Jordan River and unwilling to relinquish a significant part of the land , it ’s time to consider the possibility that the current situation -- one state , in effect -- will continue .
And although Jewish Israelis may control it now , birthrates suggest that , sooner or later , Jews will again be a minority in the territory .
What happens at that point is unclear , but unless continued military occupation and all - out apartheid is the desired path , now may be the time for Israelis to start putting in place the kinds of legal and constitutional safeguards that will protect all minorities , now and in the future , in a single democratic state of Israel - Palestine .
This is both the right thing and the smart thing to do .
In recent years the idea of a one - state solution has been anathema to Israelis and their supporters worldwide .
This has been fueled by the fear of the “ demographic threat ” posed by the high Palestinian birthrate .
Indeed , many Israeli supporters of a two - state solution came to that position out of fear of this demographic threat rather than sympathy with Palestinian national aspirations .
Advertisement
At the root of their fear was the belief that despite Israel ’s best efforts to push Palestinians from land and property and to import Jewish settlers in their stead , the Arab population would keep climbing .
And that , when the Arabs reached the 51 % mark , the state of Israel would collapse , its Jewish character would disappear and its population would dwindle into obscurity .
Yet that scenario is not necessarily the inevitable result of either demography or democracy .
Religious and ethnic minorities have successfully thrived in many countries and managed to retain their distinctive culture and identity , and succeeded in being effective and sometimes even dominant influences in those countries .
Those who believe in coexistence must begin to seriously think of the legal and constitutional mechanisms needed to safeguard the rights of a Jewish minority in Israel - Palestine .
It is true that the experience of Israel with its Palestinian minority does not offer a comforting prospect .
The behavior of the Jewish majority toward the Palestinian citizens of Israel has not been magnanimous or tolerant .
Where ethnic cleansing was insufficient , military rule , land confiscation and systemic discrimination have all been employed .
The relationship was not helped by the actions of Palestinians outside Israel who resented losing their homeland or by the behavior of some Arab countries , neither of which accepted the imposed Jewish character of Israel .
Yet it is possible , especially during this period when Jews are still the majority in power in Israel , to begin to envision the type of guarantees they may require in the future .
Other countries have wrestled with this problem , and while each situation is different , the problem is by no means unprecedented .
Advertisement
Zionism will ultimately need to redefine its goals and aspirations , this time without ignoring or seeking to dispossess the indigenous Palestinian population .
Palestinians will also have to deal with this reality , and accept -- even enthusiastically endorse -- the elements required to make Jews truly feel at peace in the single new state that will be the home of both people .
Strong , institutionalized mechanisms will be needed to prevent the “ tyranny of 51 % . ”
A bicameral legislature , for example , should be installed , in which the lower house is elected by proportional representation but the upper house has a composition that safeguards both peoples equally , regardless of their numbers in the population .
A rotating presidency may be preferable to designating certain positions for each minority ( as in Lebanon ) .
And constitutional provisions that safeguard the rights of minorities should be enshrined in a constitution that can only be amended or altered by both houses of parliament with a large ( 80 % ) majority .
Both Hebrew and Arabic will be designated as official languages , and governmental offices will be closed for Jewish , Muslim and Christian holidays .
New laws will be enacted that strengthen the secular civil courts in personal status matters , while leaving some leeway for all religious communities to have a say in lawmaking , including Reform and Conservative Jews who currently chafe under the Orthodox monopoly over Jewish personal status matters in Israel .
Educational systems that honor and cater to the different communities will give each a measure of control over the education of its children within a national system that maintains professional standards for all publicly - funded schools .
Strong constitutional provisions will be enacted to prohibit discrimination in all spheres of life , while independent courts will be enabled to enforce such provisions .
Many on both sides , Israeli and Palestinian , will reject this line of thinking , and in all cases , it is clear that a lot of goodwill and much careful thinking is necessary .
But as the options keep narrowing for all participants , we need to start thinking of how we can live together , rather than insist on dying apart .
Advertisement
Jonathan Kuttab is a Palestinian attorney and human rights activist .
He is a co-founder of Al Haq and the Mandela Institute for Political Prisoners .
The Klimaforum is providing the views not of the movers and shakers at the U.N. Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen but rank - and - file humans from around the world who will be affected by what the governments in Denmark decide to do or not do .
Here are a couple of those voices :
" I am a Maasai and a pastoralist .
I am here to raise the voice of the indigenous people of the world , " says Moses Mopel Kisosion from the Kajiado Maasai tribe of Kenya .
His trip to Copenhagen was his first time flying on a plane .
In fact this is his first time out of Kenya .
...
For the past four years he has seen severe droughts take its toll on his livelihood .
His cattle are dying , and he is here to raise awareness of the serious impacts of climate change on developing countries .
Among the other places you might like to drop into for Copenhagen news are ClimateProgress.org and Heat of the Moment .
hands - down one of our absolute favorite projects is the black apartment !
the client was cindy gallop , international woman of mystery , who did n't exactly have much time , as the chairwoman of advertising giant BBH at the time , to lay out her new apartment in the converted locker rooms of the first ymca in the u.s. but she did have time to inspire us ... her brief was simple : " at night , i want to feel like i'm in a shanghai nightclub ... " and so our proposal was equally simple : " what if you lived inside a black - lacquered chinese box ?... " to our amazement , she was game so we knew our next idea would pass as well , no walls whatsoever , just a network of curtains which could be used to make rooms on - the - fly .
of course , there was the matter of the 300 pairs of heels that ms .
gallop cherishes as art and so they were treated assuch , displayed in the own light boxes , all along the width of the apartment .
this project was conceptual in nature at first but yielded results beyond our wildest dreams in terms of comfort of living and luxury .
The other day I was perusing the all - knowing " Just for You " feature on iTunes and heeded its advice to check out Band of Skulls , the new British blues - rock threesome touring in support of its debut album , Baby Darling Doll Face Honey .
I liked what I heard .
Yeah , they sound a lot like The White Stripes — especially on the lead track , " Light of the Morning " — but that 's hardly a hanging offense in my musical kangaroo court .
Besides , their devotion to the Stripes - style porch - stomp is n't exactly fanatical .
On the tuneful , beautifully harmonized " Fires , " they betray a wistful side , too ; sort of like the Cowboy Junkies after extensive testosterone supplements .
Still , I did n't resolve to see BOS live until accessing their page on MySpace .
Then , I learned something about the band that whetted my interest to a razor - sharp edge .
Info Band of Skulls Marquee Theatre in Tempe Band of Skulls are scheduled to perform on Saturday , December 5 .
Hot - chick bassist .
Or " comely female bassist , " if you prefer .
I have a fetish for them .
Nothing unsavory , mind you — just a low - grade obsession that traces back to my early teens .
In the mid-'80s , I remember feeling vaguely scandalized ( and excited ) the first time I saw the Talking Heads ' Tina Weymouth lay down that throbbing arterial bass line on " Psycho Killer , " but that was just the beginning .
Kim Deal of The Pixies .
Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth .
D'arcy of The Smashing Pumpkins .
Melissa Auf der Maur of Hole and The Smashing Pumpkins .
And on and on .
And , now , Emma Richardson of Band of Skulls — the latest in a proud tradition of ax - girls who 've managed to carve out a niche in an industry where female anythings are traditionally under -represented .
To be sure , the female rock bassist is a legitimate phenomenon .
Which is to say , you see a lot more ladies rocking the bass than you do pounding the skins or playing guitar .
I 'm not talking about all - girl bands , necessarily .
I 'm talking about mixed - gender bands and the ranks of session musicians , in which you would reasonably expect to find an equal number of female drummers , bassists , guitarists and what - have - yous .
But that 's not the case .
There are many more bassists , at least in alt - rock .
And why is that ?
Let 's get one , indisputable , scientifically verified fact out of the way : Female bassists are sexy .
They just are .
There 's something about a woman standing tall , brandishing a hefty piece of crafted wood , conjuring a low - octave foundation , that 's just a little kinky .
It 's like seeing a girl ride a Harley or strafe the target range with an AK - 47 .
By contrast , the female guitarist seems tame , almost prosaic — just another babe in a Ferrari .
Obviously , that 's a personal aesthetic preference , but it underscores what Kyle Rose Stokes , bassist for the Tempe - based garage - rock quartet The Love Me Nots , calls the " eye candy " factor .
Stokes is a musical polymath who learned the electric bass as a teenager , but she admits that the instrument can be effectively misplayed , to some extent : " You can't ever have a bad drummer , but pretty much everything else is negotiable .
The band can get by if everything else is played competently .
So if you want some eye candy , you might put him or her at bass . "
This principle does n't apply strictly to female musicians ; after all , what was Sex Pistol bassist Sid Vicious but a charismatic , under - skilled piece of punk scenery ?
Ditto for Fall Out Boy 's Pete Wentz .
And it certainly does n't apply to old - pro trailblazers such as Carol Kaye , the Beach Boys / Phil Spector sessionist whose unassailable talent blasted a bass - shaped hole in the music industry 's glass ceiling .
Still , the supplementary nature of the bass does allow for a certain degree of creativity in band staffing .
Band of Skulls singer / guitarist Russell Marsden met bassist Richardson when both were students at the Winchester School of Art near his hometown of Southampton .
He liked her style .
He also liked the way their voices harmonized together .
Subsequently , he and drummer Matt Hayward enlisted her to join the band — with the proviso that she learn the bass , which she had never played previously .
" We had a gig the very next week , " Marsden remembers with a suave Hampshirian mumble .
" But she owns it now .
She uses bigger amps .
Bigger sounds . "
Deal , the legendary Pixies bassist , adopted the instrument under similar duress .
An acoustic guitarist and songwriter since her teens , the Ohio native moved to Boston in 1986 and answered an ad in the Boston Phoenix newspaper for a bassist who was paradoxically " into Hüsker Dü and Peter , Paul and Mary , " according to Pixies lore .
She had never played bass but was the only person in the greater Boston area to answer the notice .
Impressed , Pixies frontman Charles " Black Francis " Thompson lent her airfare so she could fly to Ohio and retrieve an old Aria Pro II owned by her sister .
Indeed , the bass guitar is arguably more responsible for the gender desegregation of rock ' n ' roll than any other single instrument .
The keyboard ?
Too fey , ambient .
The tambourine ?
Please .
There are even some bands where the bass is a female - only proposition .
In their 21 - year history , The Smashing Pumpkins have had three distaff bassists —
Auf der Maur , D'arcy Wretsky , and Ginger Reyes — but none of the male persuasion .
Ultimately , some ladies find the instrument confining , much like a corporate fast - mover who climbs to the top of the HR department but encounters resistance when she lobbies for CEO .
Frustrated by what she perceived as Thompson 's hegemonic tendencies , Deal was a malcontent in the years leading to the Pixies ' breakup in 1993 ; in her follow - up band , The Breeders , she was lead vocalist , guitarist , and songwriter .
( In retrospect , the breakup reflects worse on Thompson than Deal — it was no coincidence that the band 's two most acclaimed albums , Surfer Rosa and Doolittle , also feature her biggest contributions . )
Inevitably , one must consider the male creative ego in all this .
There are plenty of powerful , progressive frontmen who have worked with female bassists — Billy Corgan of The Smashing Pumpkins , Brian Aubert of Silversun Pickups , and Thompson , to name a few .
But how many are willing to cede creative control to a female guitarist ?
It does n't happen very often .
The most prominent female guitarists are either solo types like Joan Jett or play in all - female bands , like The Bangles ' Vicki Peterson .
Though she allows that sexual politics " do play a role in bands , " Stokes ascribes the disproportionate number of female bassists to the phenomenon of " personality types . "
" You know how hippies can sit in a room and point people out and tell what astrological sign they are ? " she asks .
" Well , I can do that with bands .
I can point someone out and tell what instrument they play .
And sometimes , yes , ego is expressed through the guitar .
And sometimes , yeah , guys have larger egos .
Personally , I always had really bad stage fright when I was younger .
That 's one of the reasons the bass suited me better .
" But gender roles are changing .
And I think more girls and women are being drawn to the guitar . "
Indeed , there may yet be a day when a female Jimi Hendrix challenges the gender paradigm in rock ' n ' roll .
On that day , the Kim Deals of the world will never relinquish the guitar , and we 'll see just as many of them as we see hot - chick bassists .
And then the hot - chick bassist will functionally cease to exist , because what makes her hot , chiefly , is the novelty of her gender and the general scarcity of women in rock bands .
And that will be a happy and sad day .
I 'll just enjoy Band of Skulls in the meantime .
“ [ Gold at ] $ 1,200 is not expensive , considering all the money that we ’ve created and all the money we ’re going to create — not only the Federal Reserve , but central banks around the world , ” Schiff told CNBC .
Schiff said inflation pressures will drive gold prices up to $ 5,000 an ounce and investors should stock up right now .
“ It might not hit $ 5,000 this year or next year , but it will eventually — maybe before Barack Obama leaves the White House , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think there ’s enough gold to meet the new demand that ’s coming –because gold is money , it ’s not just some other commodity . "
" And when central banks makes currencies unattractive with zero interest rates and all this printing , people are going to go back to traditional money — they ’re going to save in gold and transact in gold and the demand is going to explode , ” he said .
Grasso's Counterpoint :
Grasso said although gold will still rise through the end of 2009 , prices will likely pull back later next year .
“ What we ’re seeing is that gold has been having this big move up in the last year and a half in anticipation of people talking about inflation down the road …
But we have n’t seen inflation creep in yet , ” he said .
“ When inflation starts to show its head , you can get that initial super - spike possibly to $ 1,500 to $ 1,800 , but from then you ’ll see it backing off . ”
______________________________
CNBC Data Pages :
______________________________
CNBC Slideshows :
______________________________
More Market Opinion :
______________________________
______________________________
Top Gold Miners :
Barrick Gold
AngloGold Ashanti
Newmont Mining
Gold Fields
______________________________
Disclosures :
No immediate information was available for Grasso or Schiff .
______________________________
Disclaimer
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A team of researchers has implemented support for ' trusted computing ' in a commercially available version of the open source operating system Linux , breaking new ground in the global drive toward more secure computing environments .
The latest release of openSUSE , a Linux version sponsored by software maker Novell , comes packaged with software that allows users to set up a trusted computing ( TC ) environment on their computer , enhancing security beyond the antivirus programs and firewalls that frequently prove inadequate at keeping bugs , viruses and spyware at bay .
Promoted and developed by major chipmakers and software companies in the international Trusted Computing Group , trusted computing uses both hardware and software to create a trusted and secure environment , whether on a home PC , a web server , in a data centre or over a corporate network .
At the core of the technology is the trusted platform module ( TPM ) , which is a chip that , among other security - boosting features , generates and manages cryptographic keys , verifies the identity of the computer on a network and protects software and data from malicious changes .
Awakening the dormant chip
Many new laptops and increasing numbers of desktop PCs and servers already have TPM chips as standard , while chipmakers such as Intel and AMD have started incorporating the technology directly into their latest generation of processors .
However , most TPM chips are currently lying dormant , awaiting activation with the arrival of software that can make use of their enhanced security features .
“ The hardware is there … what is needed are operating systems and software to exploit it , ” says Herbert Petautschnig , a researcher at Austrian technology group Technikon .
Technikon led a consortium of 23 research and business partners , including AMD , IBM , HP , Infineon and Novell , in developing open source software and applications for TC environments as part of the EU - funded OpenTC project .
The group ’s implementation of TC support in openSUSE version 11.2 involved building a trusted software stack ( TSS ) for Linux , developing universal virtualisation layers ( including improvements to the Xen hypervisor virtual machine monitor ) and creating TC and TPM management software .
It constitutes a pioneering implementation of TC technology .
“ openSUSE is now the first operating system to offer full TC support , ” Petautschnig notes .
“ Until now , TC had been implemented for specific applications , such as Microsoft ’s BitLocker hard drive encryption in Windows Vista and Windows 7 or the fingerprint reader on some HP laptops …
With the OpenTC platform we are extending the TC environment to the full operating system and beyond , ” the project manager adds .
Unlike traditional security technology that operates only at the software level and only starts protecting a computer after it is loaded , TC technology provides security from the moment the power button is pressed .
As the system boots and runs , the OpenTC platform continually monitors the computer for changes and ensures that only trusted , verified software is functioning .
In a networked environment , it verifies the identity and integrity of the computer .
And it allows different pieces of software and data to be “ compartmentalised ” so there is no exchange between them even as they share the same computing and / or network resources .
Safer online transactions , trusted corporate networking
OpenTC developed several proof - of - concept applications for the technology .
In one , called private electronic transaction ( PET ) , the team showed how it can verify and secure online transactions , such as accessing a bank account .
In another , they showed how TC compartments can provide secure remote access to corporate networks , both keeping company information safe on an employee ’s home PC and ensuring that the employee ’s personal information , photos and games are not visible to their employer .
The ability of TC technology to keep data and processes safely isolated from each other can be extended to enable virtual data centres .
As demonstrated by IBM in the OpenTC project , TC software could be used by data centre operators to provide virtualised resources to different clients while sharing the underlying physical infrastructure , thereby ensuring different companies ’ data remain separate and secure .
The logical next step , which members of the OpenTC consortium plan to explore in a new project , is to extend TC to cloud computing to enhance the security of services and computational resources provided over the internet .
Another project , TECOM , a follow - up initiative to OpenTC that has also received EU funding , will aim to develop TC solutions for embedded platforms , focusing particularly on smart phones and mobile computing applications .
Several of the project partners are commercially exploiting the results of the OpenTC project internally .
Petautschnig says they are also open to investor interest to support further development of TC technology .
Consortium members are also active in standardisation efforts , helping to extend trusted computing to mobile platforms and the Java programming language , for example .
Despite controversy , a bright future
In the past , TC technology has stirred controversy , not least over its potential for abuse by software and hardware makers to restrict what computer users can do and its applications for digital rights management .
However , Petautschnig believes the future for trusted computing systems is bright as the technology starts to be seen as an essential tool in the fight against an intensifying onslaught of hack attacks , viruses and spyware bombarding the world ’s computer users .
“ Most people will not know that TC components are running on their computers keeping them safe .
Conversely , at present most do not know what information is being leaked and stolen by spyware and viruses running on their machines , ” Petautschnig notes .
More information : OpenTC project
Provided by ICT Results
Explore further PC Chip Will Protect Users From Hackers and Viruses
This past week , Chairman Bernanke indicated his belief that there are no “ obvious ” asset bubbles in our economy right now .
To quote Bankruptcy Ben , “ It 's extraordinarily difficult to tell , but it 's not obvious to me … there are any large misalignments currently in the U.S. financial system . ”
What is he thinking ?
The stock market is currently a huge bubble .
From October 2007 to March 2009 , the Dow Jones Average fell by about 50 percent .
This is indicative of the fact that the previous market highs were out of whack for market conditions and needed to come down to reality .
That is how the free market works when it is given the opportunity .
Since last March , in just nine months , the Dow has rebounded off its low by an astounding fifty - three percent !
It 's a bubble being fueled by all the cheap dollars the Fed is injecting into the economy .
If you do n't believe me , Mary Miller , director of fixed income for the T.
Rowe Price Group indicated at the company 's symposium in Baltimore on Thursday , “ I 'm familiar with one institution that just borrowed $ 400 million – because they could – and then called up and said , ' What should we do with it ? ”
That is what a lot of banks are doing with our money that has been given to them – not lending it but speculating once again in another Fed induced bubble .
It is outrageous .
What is even more outrageous is Bernanke saying essentially that the current stock market fueled by his printing press is not a bubble .
The economy is still in the dumper – I wo n't bore or depress you further with all the numbers , but the stock market continues to climb to exorbitant highs .
Give me a break and come clean Mr. Chairman .
Bernanke is clearly being disingenuous because if he acknowledged the truth it would indict the system that he has made a very good living from .
The Federal Open Market Committee must be agonizing over whether to leave interest rates at essentially zero and continue to perpetuate the stock market bubble or raise rates and watch that bubble burst .
It is going to happen sooner or later – sooner would still be painful but less extreme .
Bernanke may not know it but the no win quandary he faces explains to a degree the Austrian School of Economics ' Business Cycle Theory .
Under the theory , business cycles , circular boom and bust periods , are not considered a natural phenomenon of free markets .
Instead , government interference in the economy , specifically through manipulating the money supply , is the culprit .
Booms are caused by artificially low interest rates and busts occur when the Fed decides to provide an “ easy landing ” for an overheated economy by raising rates .
In both cases , low rates and higher rates , fallible humans at the Fed decide the rate levels .
Thus , the market plays little if any part in the determination .
Having been taught in an American public school , I was cynical myself of this analysis .
After all , my Franklin Roosevelt loving social studies teachers taught me that capitalism has certain failures which we need the government to correct for us .
However , by looking at historical data it is possible to see the correlation between low rates ( the cause of booms ) and higher rates ( the pin that punctures the bubble ) and booms and busts .
Because I have a day job , I only had time to analyze rates and recessions since 1971 .
1971 is significant because that is the year Nixon opened the flood gates for the Fed 's printing presses by abolishing the last vestiges of the Gold Standard .
The following is the year of recession followed by the lowest rate during the preceding period , the highest rate during the preceding period , and the spread between low and high rates :
November ' 73 – 5 % – 11 % – 6 points
January ' 80 – 4.75 % – 15.5 % – 10.75 points
July ' 81 – 15.5 % – 20 % – 4.5 points
July ' 90 – 5.875 % – 9.75 % – 3.875 points
March ' 01 – 3 % – 6.5 % – 3.5 points
December ' 07 - 1 % – 5.25 – 4.25 points
Source : www.chartoftheday.com
http://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/statistics/dlyrates/fedrate.html
The most important observation that can be made from examining the data is there was a significant spread between the lowest rate and the highest rate before each recession .
These wide disparities in rates sent the wrong signals to investors and entrepreneurs .
In other words , because money and credit were in abundance during artificially low rate intervals entrepreneurs invested in ways that market forces would have prevented if the supply of money was realistic ( market determined ) .
Thus , a misallocation of resources took place .
Too many products were produced ; too many houses were built ; too much money was invested in companies with little or no earnings .
All this happened because money was cheap and plentiful .
Remember folks borrowed millions and invested in dot com companies before many of them even went online .
Also , remember that right now we still have a glut of homes because Alan Greenspan kept rates near one percent for close to three years !
Of course it was the housing crisis that led to this current recession .
When the Fed pulls the rug out from under the artificially propped up economy by raising rates significantly , thereby increasing the cost of money , people stop borrowing and many lose their jobs because products and services are no longer being bought with borrowed money .
With higher interest rates , adjustable rate mortgages rise and homebuyers default on their debts .
Asset prices fall and unemployment rises due to further cutbacks in consumer spending .
The bubble is burst and recession sets in .
Now , recessions are unfortunate , but necessary like vomiting is essential during the flu – to rid the organism of bad material .
In the case of the economy , the bad material is all the mal - investments that were made during the boom .
Of course , our economy was not given the chance to vomit the mal - investments made during the last boom .
Through so - called “ stimulus ” and the easy money policies of Bernanke 's Fed we are into our 24th month of recession .
What 's more the reckless monetary policies of the Fed have blown up another bubble in the stock market .
Which brings us back to the beginning of our article – Bernanke must be joking ; there is a huge bubble in the stock market because there is no good reason for the extraordinary rise in stock prices given that consumers are n't spending ; commercial real estate is about to hit a crisis ; and unemployment is still rising .
The only explanation is a bubble caused by artificially low interest rates .
In the words of Yogi Berra , “ It 's déjà vu all over again . ”
The bright side is perhaps Bernanke can find work as a stand - up comic after his tenure at the Fed is over .
He does get a good one off every now and then .
Kenn Jacobine teaches internationally and maintains a summer residence in Haywood County , North Carolina .
For a podcast of this post go to : The View from Abroad .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The world has noted the irony that President Barack Obama is delivering his acceptance speech for the Nobel Peace Prize after launching an escalation of the Afghanistan war .
Of course , the critique is a little misplaced , since the prize is for a specific policy success , not for being a pacifist .
Still , Mr. Obama was clearly given the prize to encourage him in the direction of peace .
It is the tragedy of the sole superpower that it is unconstrained by peers and so can launch wars of choice and shatter international law at will .
It can be counseled but not blocked .
He was awarded this honor as a counsel .
So here are the things Obama can do to redeem his prize .
1 . Get out of Iraq on schedule .
We ca n’t stop their low - intensity conflicts , and they are more likely to compromise with each other if we are not there .
2. Resist calls for Iran to be bombed .
Such a raid would guarantee that Iran would start a crash program to develop a nuclear weapon , and there would be no way to stop it short of full - scale war .
3 . Stop allowing the CIA to operate drones with which to assassinate people .
It is illegal and shameful .
The US military must be in charge of defending the country by force or we are a police state .
4 . Get the Palestinians a state by the end of 2011 , even if by unilateral recognition .
Palestinian statelessness is the biggest human rights scandal in the world , since citizenship is the right to have rights .
This step alone would solve the bulk of US problems in the Arab world and would deal a deadlier blow to al - Qaeda than capturing Bin Laden .
5 . Stick to the plan of beginning a US troop withdrawal from Afghanistan in summer 2011 .
Karzai and the generals will attempt to embroil us in a decades - long quagmire .
No one will remember his Nobel peace prize if President Obama lets that happen .
– Posted using BlogPress from my iPhone
Richard and Mayumi Heene may have to repay search costs
The US parents accused of staging a hoax by claiming their six - year - old son was adrift in a helium balloon have pleaded guilty to charges in the case .
Richard Heene pleaded guilty to a felony charge of attempting to influence a public servant .
His wife , Mayumi Heene , pleaded guilty to a misdemeanour charge of false reporting during the search for the missing child .
The couple face the possibility of prison time and probation .
Hiding at home
The lawyer for the pair , David Lane , says the pleas are part of an agreement with officials to avoid the possible deportation of Mayumi Heene , who is a Japanese citizen .
The judge told the Heenes they could also have to pay back some of the cost of the rescue attempt , which had National Guard helicopters chasing the balloon .
" There are financial consequences that could be significant , " District Judge Stephen Schapanski said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Lane earlier in the week said prosecutors had agreed to recommend sentences of probation with the possibility of up to 60 days in jail for the wife and 90 for the husband .
Sentencing is expected on 23 December .
The incident in Colorado led to a media storm .
The couple reported that their young son had been carried away by a helium balloon - whose progress was then tracked by news organisations .
Police carried out an intensive search for the boy after the balloon landed about 64 km ( 40 miles ) north of Denver and was found to be empty .
But it then transpired that the child was hiding at home and days later the couple were accused of an elaborate hoax .
Mark Ndesandjo had previously avoided talking to journalists
One of US President Barack Obama 's half - brothers has spoken about their " abusive " father at the launch of his semi-autobiographical first novel .
Mark Ndesandjo told reporters : " My father beat me .
He beat my mother . "
The author is the son of Mr Obama 's late father and his third wife .
Barack Obama
Sr split from Mr Obama 's mother when the future president was aged two .
Mr Ndesandjo , who lives in China , had previously shunned the media since his link to Mr Obama emerged in 2008 .
But in a news conference to promote the novel Nairobi to Shenzhen , he said a string of extraordinary events - including his brother being elected president - made him come to terms with his past .
' I want to tell my story ' " I remember in my house I would hear the screams .
I would hear my mum 's pain .
As a child , I could not protect her , " he said .
" I could not remember any good things about my father .
My skin had turned hard emotionally for so many years . "
Mr Ndesandjo said his novel was about a man who was forced to confront his early experiences in Kenya and the United States after arriving in China in the wake of the 9/11 attacks .
He said he would publish his second book , an autobiography , in the next few months .
" I want to tell my story , not have others tell it for me , " he added .
For the past seven years , Mr Ndesandjo has been living in the city of Shenzhen , near Hong Kong , and has until now refused all interview requests .
He said he planned to meet his half - brother in Beijing when the US president visits later in November .
Barack Obama
Sr divorced the president 's mother , Stanley Ann Dunham , in 1964 and had at least six other children in his native Kenya .
He died in a road accident in 1982 .
President Obama hardly knew his father , but wrote of the impressions he formed of him in his 1995 book Dreams From My Father .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scientists have developed a simple , cheap , accurate test to find undetected landmines .
Students from the University of Edinburgh have created a custom - made bacteria that glows green when it comes into contact with chemicals leaked by buried explosives .
The bacteria can be mixed into a colourless solution that , when sprayed on to the ground , forms green patches to indicate the presence of landmines .
Researchers say that the organism , which is cheap to produce , could be delivered from the air onto areas thought to contain landmines , with results available within a few hours .
The bacteria is not dangerous to people or animals .
Between 15,000 and 20,000 casualties are caused each year by landmines and unexploded ordnance , according to the charity Handicap International .
Some 87 countries contain minefields including Somalia , Mozambique , Cambodia , Iraq and Afghanistan .
Scientists and engineers were able to create their bespoke bacteria with an emerging technique known as BioBricking .
The tool enables bacteria molecules to be assembled from a range of tiny parts called , like a very small - scale machine .
Researchers involved in the project say that although as yet they have no plans to make their product commercial , they believe it could form a cheap , accessible and easy - to - use alternative to existing landmine sensors .
Dr Alistair Elfick of the University 's School of Engineering , who CO - supervised the students ' project , said : " This anti-mine sensor is a great example of how innovation in science can be of benefit to wider society .
It also demonstrates how new scientific techniques can allow molecules to be designed for a specific purpose . "
I think you would like to know a little about me .
I am a conservative girl who is for freedom , small government , low taxes , less government spending , free markets , individual responsibility , secure borders and a strong national security .
I simply can't stand the Obama - Pelosi - Reid socialist agenda .
Dissagreeing with the government does n't mean that I am un-American .
I love dogs , I have two beautiful dogs that I love a lot .
Here are some of my favorite quotes :
" Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction .
We did n't pass it to our children in the bloodstream .
It must be fought for , protected , and handed on for them to do the same . "
- Ronald Reagan
" Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty . "
- Ronald Reagan
" Everywhere that freedom stirs , let tyrants fear . "
~ George W. Bush
" Government is like a baby .
An alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other . "
- Ronald Reagan
" Governments tend not to solve problems , only to rearrange them . "
- Ronald Reagan
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Several recent headlines about a study which concluded that mercury levels in children with autism were not significantly higher than those without have been widely distributed .
Headlines reading " " and " " were at the top of many American and European newspapers and magazines in October .
These publications quickly latched on to the implied fact that because children with autism and those without had about the same blood mercury levels , mercury cannot be the reason children are getting autism .
This is n't the first time the media has been misleading in its interpretation of science .
The study they refer to is from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ( NIEHS ) and was published on October 19 , 2009 .
The study was titledand was authored by Irva Hertz - Picciotto , Peter G. Green , Lora Delwiche , Robin Hansen , Cheryl Walker , and Isaac N. Pessah .
It was published through Environmental Health Perspectives and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
The study found that young children without autism have equivalent mercury levels in their blood when compared to children who 've been diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder ( ASD ) .
The study also included children with Down 's Syndrome and other developmental disorders .
The study involved 452 children between 2 and 5 years of age and adjusted for demographic and mercury sources such as fish .
Most of the children measured , regardless of mental ability , were found to have 0.28 micrograms of mercury per liter of blood or less before adjustments and 0.26mcg / L or less after adjustment .
The problem here is the methodology used and the conclusions drawn by the media versus what the actual science is proposing .
Understanding that blood mercury versus tissue mercury is not the same is the first clue .
Mercury absorbed through vaccination goes directly into the blood , but quickly transfers to body tissues .
Similarly , mercury absorbed through diet usually is absorbed into tissues quickly .
Mercury absorbed directly through the skin travels in the same manner , spending very little time in the blood .
Mercury , when found in the blood , is usually there for one of two reasons : recent introduction or as part of the body 's natural flushing system to be rid of it .
Mercury , regardless of why it's in the blood , does not stay in blood for very long .
Mercury injected into the blood would have to move on to other tissues before ASD could be caused by it .
Regardless of whether mercury caused the ASD , the blood levels of those with and without autism would be roughly the same .
Obviously , in order for the mercury to have caused ASD , it has to have affected and damaged the nerve cells .
This means it 's no longer in the blood stream .
Most scientists agree that the most accurate measurement method of mercury contamination in mammals , including humans , is hair , not blood .
Now , back to the media representation of this study .
Does it seem odd to anyone that this study was done and published and grabbed up by the main stream media right about the same time that H1N1 vaccines containing Thimerosal ( a mercury derivative ) are being pushed on pregnant women and young children ?
What about the fact that recent studies , covered here on NaturalNews , have shown direct links between mercury and autism and between vaccines themselves and ASD ?
Yet these studies got little traction in the main stream .
Strange coincidences , to be sure .
Footnotes and Resources : 1 - Study Examines Mercury in Vaccines , Reuters , October 30 , 20092 - Blood Mercury Concentrations in CHARGE Study Children with and without Autism , October 19 , 2009 , NIEHS3 - NaturalNews.com autism - mercury articles Aaron Turpen is a professional writer living in Wyoming in the USA .
His blogs cover organic / sustainable living and environmental considerations ( AaronsEnvironMental.com ) and the science debunking mainstream medical and proving alternatives ( HiddenHealthScience.com ) .
So , for those of you who have n’t heard , Disney finally announced that they are coming out with Tron 2 !
That ’s right Tron , the precursor to The Matrix .
I ca n’t believe it took those jokers sooo flipping long .
The story will probably be horrible but at least it will look pretty ( see Star Wars 1 - 3 ) .
The teaser trailer is amazing !
Is Flynn good ?
Is he bad ?
I DON ’T KNOW !
The new light cycle looks sweet … from a distance .
I just do n’t like how the rider sits on the bike .
So next week I ’ll take a stab at the bikes but this week , I tweaked the tanks from Tron .
Much like the storm troopers from Star Wars , the tanks looked sweet but were completely irrelevant .
I ’m a bit of a purist , so I tried to keep the overall tank form the same and just updated the style .
You can see a little of my thought process in the rough sketches .
I tried everything form centering the gun turret , different types of tread , even a windshield .
The wheels like rings on the side were added to imply wheels or tread .
They do n’t touch the ground at all but they help the tank look mobile unlike the original version .
The colors did need to be updated but obviously I did n’t do to much with that .
The old orange was a little dull so I pushed the chrome up a little .
Less is more .
Finally adding all of the glowing lines .
So many designs have been ruined by people overdoing the glowy lines and while glowy lines may look sweet , do n’t use it as a crutch people !
Just use it on the areas where you want to highlight something .
Anywhere else use it sparingly .
All right , that ’s all I got .
Let me know what sucks in the comments .
I ’m looking forward to the light cycle next week .
A
Advertisement
Firefox with Windows only :
While traveling the internet , sometimes we do n't realize how much memory our browser is hogging until it starts acting sluggish , hangs , or crashes altogether .
Firefox extension Memory
Fox optimizes your memory so you can surf without slowing down .
Memory
Fox keeps an eye on your browser 's memory usage and notices when Firefox starts edging toward user - preset resource limits .
When it does , the extension springs into action , automatically flushing your memory to recover space and keep your browser from slowing down .
Advertisement
To use the add - on , you need two things : A Windows operating system and Firefox 3 .
Once you download the tool , restart your browser then activate Memory Fox from the Tools button in the toolbar .
Now the add - on is all set up to flush the memory every time you open or close a tab , or switch between tabs .
Memory
Fox may not make a noticeable difference in your browsing speed if you 've got a souped up computer , but it 's a terrific add - on for machines without a lot of extra RAM to sacrifice to the 'fox .
It 's an experimental extension , Windows only .
If you give it a try on your memory - hungry Firefox installation , let 's hear how it works out for you in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Memory Fox [ Firefox Add- ons via ghacks ]
Weakness in American foreign policy in one region often invites challenges elsewhere , because our adversaries carefully follow diminished American resolve .
Similarly , presidential indecisiveness , whether because of uncertainty or internal political struggles , signals that the United States may not respond to international challenges in clear and coherent ways .
Taken together , weakness and indecisiveness have proved historically to be a toxic combination for America ’s global interests .
That is exactly the combination we now see under President Obama .
If anything , his receiving the Nobel Peace Prize only underlines the problem .
All of Obama ’s campaign and inaugural talk about “ extending an open hand ” and “ engagement , ” especially the multilateral variety , is n’t exactly unfolding according to plan .
Entirely predictably , we see more clearly every day that diplomacy is not a policy but only a technique .
Absent presidential leadership , which at a minimum means clear policy direction and persistence in the face of criticism and adversity , engagement simply embodies weakness and indecision .
Obama is no Harry Truman .
At best , he is reprising Jimmy Carter .
At worst , the real precedent may be Ethelred the Unready , the turn - of the - first - millennium Anglo - Saxon king whose reputation for indecisiveness and his unsuccessful paying of Danegeld -- literally , “ Danish tax ” -- to buy off Viking raiders made him history ’s paradigmatic weak leader .
Beyond the disquiet ( or outrage for some ) prompted by the president ’s propensity to apologize for his country ’s pre-Obama history , Americans increasingly sense that his administration is drifting from one foreign policy mistake to another .
Worse , the current is growing swifter , and the threats more pronounced , even as the administration tries to turn its face away from the world and toward its domestic priorities .
Foreign observers , friend and foe alike , sense the same aimlessness and drift .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy had to remind Obama at a Sept. 24 U.N. Security Council meeting that “ we live in the real world , not a virtual one . ”
Advertisement
Examples of weakness abound , and the consequences are readily foreseeable .
Canceling the Polish and Czech missile defense bases is understood in Moscow and Eastern European capitals as backing down in the face of Russian bluster and belligerence .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev threatened the day after our 2008 election to deploy missiles targeting these assets unless they were canceled , a threat duly noted by the Russian media when Obama canceled the sites .
Given candidate Obama ’s reaction to the 2008 Russia - Georgia war -- calling on both sides to exercise restraint -- there is little doubt that Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ’s project to re-extend Russian hegemony over as much of the former Soviet Union as he can will continue apace .
Why should he worry about Washington ?
Obama ’s Middle East peace process has stalled , most recently because he set a target for an end to Israeli settlement expansion , could n’t meet it and then proceeded as though he had n’t meant what he said originally .
By insisting that Israel freeze settlements as a precondition to renewing Israeli - Palestinian negotiations , Obama drew a clear line .
But when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu withstood Obama ’s pressure , Obama caved , hosting a photo - op with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas that strengthened Netanyahu and weakened Abbas just when Obama wanted to achieve exactly the opposite .
However one views the substantive outcome of this vignette , Obama himself looked the weakest of all .
It could well be years before his Middle East policy gets back up off the ground .
On nuclear nonproliferation , North Korea responded to the “ open hand ” of engagement by testing its second nuclear device , continuing an aggressive ballistic missile testing program , cooperating with other rogue states and kidnapping and holding hostage two American reporters .
Obama ’s reaction is to press for more negotiations , which simply encourages Pyongyang to up the ante .
Advertisement
Iran is revealed to have been long constructing an undeclared , uninspected nuclear facility that makes a mockery of almost seven years of European Union negotiation efforts .
Forced to deal publicly with this deeply worrying threat , Obama proposes the equivalent of money - laundering for nuclear threats : Iranian uranium enriched in open , unambiguous defiance of four Security Council resolutions will be enriched to higher levels in Russia , and then returned to be burned in a Tehran reactor -- ostensibly for peaceful purposes .
Sarkozy again captured the growing international incredulity in his noteworthy Security Council speech : “ I support America ’s ‘ extended hand . ’
But what have these proposals for dialogue produced for the international community ?
Nothing but more enriched uranium and more centrifuges . ”
Finally , Obama ’s agonizing , very public reappraisal of his own 7 - month - old Afghanistan policy epitomizes indecisiveness .
While there is no virtue in sustaining policy merely for continuity ’s sake , neither is credit due for too - quickly adopting policies without appreciating the risks entailed and then fleeing precipitously when the risks become manifest .
The administration ’s stated reason for its policy re-evaluation was widespread fraud in Afghanistan ’s Aug. 20 presidential election .
But this explanation is simply not credible .
Did not the administration ’s generals and diplomats on the ground , not to mention United Nations observers , see the election mess coming ?
Was the Hamid Karzai administration ’s cupidity and corruption overlooked or ignored during Obama ’s original review and revision of his predecessor ’s policy ?
The unmistakable inference is that Obama did not carefully think through his March Afghan policy , or did not have full confidence then or now in Army Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal or Ambassador Richard C. Holbrooke , or that it is now politically inconvenient among increasingly antiwar Democrats to follow through on that policy .
None of these explanations reflect credit on the president .
He is dithering .
Whatever decision Obama reaches on Afghanistan , his credibility and leadership have been badly wounded by his continuing public display of indecisiveness .
Advertisement
Our international adversaries undoubtedly welcome all of these “ resets ” in U.S. foreign policy , but Americans should be appalled at how much of our posture in the world has already been given away .
If Obama ’s first nine months indicate the direction of the next 39 , we still have a long way to fall .
Mavizen , the manufacturing arm of the TTXGP ( the Time Trials Xtreme Grand Prix -- a race for zero-emissions motorcycles ) has just announced the TTX02 at this year 's SEMA .
A shining example of " EVs as consumer electronics " ( the buzz - concept going ' round the electric vehicle scene ) this guy is being billed not as a bike , but as a development platform -- shipping not only with a chassis and drivetrain , but with an open source Linux OS , web server , USB - based system bus , and WiFi connectivity .
If you 're looking to give the gang from Mission Motors a run for their money at the next TTXGP , hit the read link -- about $ 41,000 will get you in the game .
Videos after the break .
So nice of David Gregory to make sure we all got to hear what the man who 's been wrong about everything , Alan Greenspan , thinks about what we should do now to fix the economy he helped to mess up , or whether or not the Fed should be audited .
DR . GREENSPAN : No .
I think what is missing in this whole discussion is that the -- what I presume to be the major source of the recovery , and that is the remarkable increase in the amount of stock market wealth that has occurred in the last six to nine months .
People think stock prices are just paper profits .
They are not .
They create real purchasing power and , most importantly , they create a fluidity into the financial system which is the reason why even though banks are not lending freely at this particular stage , they are solvent and the problems that we had six to nine months ago have disappeared , because essentially $ 5 trillion worth of increased equity is pouring into the economy .
And you can see it in the retail sales figures .
401 ( k ) s , for example , have increased by half a trillion dollars .
DR . GREENSPAN : ... you 're going to be reluctant to invest .
And that is key .
I mean , I agree with Jim in this respect .
I think it 's very critical that we get the uncertainties out of the system .
DR . GREENSPAN : That 's the key problem ; that is , investment occurs when you have a stable economy and when you can foresee what 's going on in the future .
Because , remember , you make a risky investment which may have 10 years or 15 years life to it , and unless you have some semblance of a notion as to what is out there ...
MR. GREGORY : This is an interesting question about our role in the world , how the rest of the world sees us , our commitment to capitalism and , in corporate America , Dr. Greenspan , the notion of where is the certainty ?
Washington is a big question mark now when it comes to climate policy , healthcare policy .
A lot of businesses saying , " Look , we do n't know what 's coming down the pike . "
There 's no impetus to grow , to expand , to invest .
MR. GREGORY : And yet the president says Wall Street 's to blame .
He just said it in his radio address .
Is that the wrong message ?
DR . GREENSPAN : Well , the problem is that there is an issue here , namely that this is a bivariate type of economy .
MR. GREGORY : What does that mean ?
DR . GREENSPAN : It means that , it means that ...
MR. GREGORY : Do n't try to slip that in here where we can't understand something .
DR . GREENSPAN : Well , it 's my old Fed ...
MR. GREGORY : Exactly .
DR . GREENSPAN : It 's my old Fed speak coming back .
MR. GREGORY : Exact -- old habits , yeah .
DR . GREENSPAN : I can't break the habit .
Look , there were two economies here , which is very unfortunate .
The economy is being driven in a positive sense by big business and wealthy individuals .
Small business , small banks and a very significant part of the unemployed are not prospering .
I 'm particularly concerned about where the job machine is relevant to small business ...
MR. GREGORY : Mm-hmm .
DR . GREENSPAN : ... which are doing miserably .
They 're getting -- have great difficulty financing and great difficulty in creating jobs .
[...]
MR. GREGORY : Let me turn to another question about the role of government , and that is the role of the Federal Reserve .
Dr. Greenspan , Paul Krugman , liberal economic economist for The New York Times columnist , wrote this this week about what the Fed ought to do : " There 's also , " he wrote , " I believe , a question of priorities .
The Fed sprang into action when faced with the prospect of wrecked banks ; it does n't seem equally concerned about the prospect of wrecked lives .
And that is what we 're talking about here .
The kind of sustained high unemployment envisaged in the Fed 's own forecast is a recipe for immense human suffering -- millions of families losing their savings and their homes , millions of young Americans never getting their working lives properly started because there are no jobs available when they graduate .
If we do n't get unemployment down soon , we 'll be paying a price for a generation . "
Does the Fed have more to do ?
DR . GREENSPAN : I think the Fed has done an extraordinary job , and it 's done a huge amount .
There 's just so much monetary policy and the central bank can do , and I think they 've gone to their limits at this particular stage .
And you cannot ask them to create more than is physically possible .
They , they stopped what essentially was a major financial collapse by interposing sovereign credit for private credit for commercial paper , for essentially blocking a number of problems which emerged especially , incidentally , in conjunction with the Treasury , the so - called TARP program , where they put capital into banks .
MR. GREGORY : Mm-hmm .
DR . GREENSPAN : I thought at that point was essential .
The difficulty is there is a limit .
And if the Federal Reserve does not , in fact , pull in all of the stimulus it 's put into the economy , then down the road is inflation .
It 's a long way down the road and it 's not immediate .
But the question is , you cannot ask a , a central bank to do more than it is capable of doing without very dire consequences .
MR. GREGORY : Are you worried about the Fed 's independence ?
DR . GREENSPAN : Very much so .
MR. GREGORY : What do you think the consequences of some of the legislation on Capitol Hill are now ?
DR . GREENSPAN : If , in fact , specifically , they take away the amendment that was passed in 1978 which prohibited the GAO , the General Accounting Office , from auditing monetary policy , if that is removed , I think that will very significantly compromise Federal Reserve independence .
And what you will be getting is a monetary policy more dedicated to political short - term considerations , not to the longer - term considerations which the Federal Reserve Act was specifically constructed to do .
AT A time when they are not short of pressing problems to deal with , the presence of 100 - odd world leaders at the two - week meeting that starts in Copenhagen on December 7th to renew the Kyoto protocol on climate change might seem a little self - indulgent .
There will be oceans of planet - saving rhetoric , countless photographs of politicians wearing dark suits and serious faces and , if things go according to plan , an agreement to cut emissions to avert a rise in temperature that might anyway have turned out to be marginal and self - correcting .
The Economist
It might ; and then again it might not .
Uncertainty about the consequences of climate change makes it hard to persuade people to spend money on it , for where the damage is uncertain , so are the benefits of averting it .
Yet uncertainty is also why mankind needs to take the problem seriously .
If we were sure that the temperature would rise by 2 - 3 ºC , then we could choose to live with that .
But we do not know how far the rise might go .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , the body set up by the UN to establish a scientific consensus on the subject , puts the range of possible increases by the end of this century at 1.1- 6.4ºC .
At the bottom end of the range , the difference would be barely noticeable .
At the top end of the range — well , guesses about what the world would look like then read rather like science fiction .
Although the benefits of averting that sort of catastrophe are incalculably large , the costs of doing so should not be enormous — as little as 1 % of global output , if policy is well designed ( see our special report ) .
This newspaper reckons that the world should fork out , rather as householders spend similar proportions of their income on insuring their homes against disaster .
Sharing and trusting
Agreeing that the problem is worth tackling is , however , a small step on the way to doing so .
Since the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , which spawned the Kyoto protocol , was signed in 1992 , global carbon - dioxide emissions have risen by a third .
The problem is not a lack of low - carbon technologies .
Electricity can be generated by nuclear fission , hydropower , biomass , wind and solar energy ; and cars and lorries can run on electricity or biofuels .
Nor is the problem an economic one .
A percentage point of global economic output is affordable for a worthwhile project .
Saving the banks has cost around 5 % of global output .
So the problem is both simpler and cheaper to fix than most people think .
But mankind has to agree on how to share out the costs , both between and within countries .
That splits into two challenges .
The first is to get an international deal , which is what world leaders are trying to do at Copenhagen .
The second is to implement that deal at a national level , with better policies than those currently in place , including a credible carbon price .
Otherwise the cost will be far more than that 1 % .
The prospects for Copenhagen look better than those for Kyoto did .
Australia , which initially walked away from Kyoto , has now ratified it ( though its government may choose to hold an election on the issue — see article ) .
America 's emissions - cutting bill is stuck in the Senate , and may never emerge , but Barack Obama is keen to push on .
Some middle - income countries , such as Brazil and Mexico , have announced targets for cutting emissions ; China has announced one for cutting the carbon - intensity of its economy .
What it 's all about
The arguments at Copenhagen will focus on two issues : emissions cuts and money .
Developed countries are required to produce targets for cutting their emissions by 2020 .
On the basis of the IPCC 's figures , their emissions need to drop by 25 - 40 % below 1990 levels by 2020 if the world is to limit the rise in temperature to 2 º C above pre-industrial levels .
The offers on the table add up to around 15 % compared with 1990 levels by 2020 .
America , the main laggard , is offering around 4 % .
Developing countries are required to come up with “ actions ” to limit emissions .
China , now the world 's biggest emitter , and so the country in the spotlight , has committed itself to cut the carbon - intensity of its economy by 40 - 45 % by 2020 .
America is dissatisfied with that , because that 's pretty much where China would get to on the basis of its existing policies .
Emerging countries want governments in the rich world to pay huge sums from their coffers for adaptation to , and mitigation of , climate change .
China has mentioned $ 400 billion a year .
The EU reckons € 100 billion ( $ 150 billion ) a year is more like it — some from exchequers , most from capital markets .
On emissions cuts , both sides need to give ground .
Developing countries are right that America 's offer is unimpressive compared with 1990 figures , but the trajectory from now on is pretty steep .
And , given that the crucial legislation is stuck in the Senate , Mr Obama 's decision to put any numbers on the table is a brave one .
Senators react badly to the sense that their country is being pushed around by foreigners — as their pre-emptive rejection of the Kyoto protocol showed .
A deal on the basis of the numbers America has offered would be better than no deal .
Nor is China 's offer derisory .
The Americans complain that China 's existing policies would achieve those cuts with no extra effort .
True ; but China , unlike America , has already introduced significant emissions - cutting measures .
On cash , money should indeed change hands — both for moral reasons ( rich countries are largely responsible for the problem so far but poor ones will suffer most ) and for practical ones ( some poor countries do not have access to the capital they need to invest in mitigation ) .
But developing countries should not be asking for huge government - to - government transfers .
Capital markets are better at allocating resources than governments are .
Rich - country governments should help money flow from the markets by subsidising the risk of investing in clean energy in poor countries : public money should be used to prompt larger sums of private capital .
If an agreement is reached at Copenhagen , there will be much relief on all sides ; but the job will only just have started .
The parties to the negotiation decided to put aside the question of whether , and how , to make the deal legally binding pending the passage of America 's emissions - reducing legislation .
And an international agreement is only the first step to emissions cuts .
National targets have to be implemented through domestic policies which encourage businesses to invest in clean products and processes , and discourage them from investing in carbon - intensive products and processes .
This is the second , harder task .
Effective , efficient or neither
A good policy framework would include some regulation in areas where the market does n't work well , such as the energy - efficiency of buildings and appliances .
It would include a modicum of subsidy , on research into technologies that are still a long way from being marketable , such as carbon capture and storage .
But it would rely largely on by far the most efficient tool in the policymaker 's kit — a carbon price .
A carbon price sends business a price signal to invest in clean stuff not dirty stuff .
It does n't involve micromanaging business , which regulations do .
It does n't impose a burden on taxpayers , or require governments to pick winners , which subsidies do .
It is , according to an American study , twice as efficient as any other policy .
Economists prefer carbon prices , especially those set by taxes rather than cap - and - trade systems , which are more vulnerable to capture by the polluters they are supposed to penalise .
Sadly , though , the views of economists carry little weight .
Governments and businesses both tend to like subsidies .
Europe has done best .
Its cap - and - trade system has set a carbon price and cut emissions modestly in the sectors it covers .
But it relies too heavily on subsidies for renewable energy , and too little on its carbon price .
Economists reckon a carbon price of around $ 40 is needed .
Europe 's is around € 13 .
America does not yet have a national carbon price ; and its corn-ethanol subsidy , combined with a tariff on cheaper , greener imports , takes the planet 's first prize for the world 's most counterproductive “ green ” policy .
The subsidy - laden bill to establish a cap - and - trade system is a step in the right direction ; but , since the carbon price it would set is likely to be around $ 12 , rising to $ 20 by 2020 , not a very large one .
Governments see subsidies as a convenient way of easing in emissions curbs which businesses would otherwise resist .
That may be so in the short term .
But in the long run they make cutting emissions harder .
The notion that dangerous climate change can be averted for a mere 1 % of global GDP depends on policy being efficient .
If it is n't , the costs will mount — and so will the chances that the effort will fail .
The leaders gathering in Copenhagen need to come to an agreement , even if it is n't a very good one .
But that will only be the start .
The national policies used to implement cuts need to be more efficient than the ones that are so far in place .
That requires leadership from the politicians , and support from the voters .
The world is , in the end , in their hands .
part 3 in an ongoing series of developer stereotypes ...
for some reason that is so fucking completely beyond me , programmers all over the world are ridiculously proud of and have an almost erotic obsession with what they would call " their programming language of choice . "
As a matter of fact , there are some developers out there that are so fucking gung - ho about their language that they become one of the most dreaded programmer stereotypes of all time ... the feared and ignorant Language Snob .
trust me ... these close - minded cocksuckers are probably numero uno when it comes to making trouble ( aside from the Open Source Zealot , of course ) ...
actually , i'll be honest .
i have no fucking clue where these people come from .
something tells me though that as soon as the 1st programming language was born , the first moronic diabolical Language Snob was born very shortly thereafter .
What on earth could make somebody so obsessed with a programming language that they are literally willing to mutilate and kill for it ?
i can only imagine the bizarre childhood that these absolute weirdos must have gone through where a pavlovian response of an intense , raging hard - on is induced just by the mere mention of the letter C ( or the letters V and B for that matter ) .
it 's like they 're the meatheads of software development and are always on a fucking constant roid - rage .
personally , i can think of many other things that would give myself a raging hard - on ( like boobs for instance ) , but that 's just me .
As far as developer stereotypes go , these insolent bastards are probably the most visible of them all .
( at least in my experience ... your milage may vary . )
This is usually due to the rampant steaming diarrhea that is vomited forth from that stenchful abyss they call their mouths ... constantly .
i mean these guys are fucking implacable !
they are absolutely relentless in excreting the bullshit that is the " virtue of my programming language . " there is no place , time or person that is safe from all this nonsense ...
let take a look at some of the more interesting Language Snob scenarios :
the book store ambush
how many times has this happend to you ( or maybe it just happens to me because i'm such a goddamn asshole magnet ) ... you 're in the book store checking out the books on programming languages , and as soon as you pick up a promising title on language x...
WHAM !!!
some imbecile starts approaching you ( who you could 've sworn was not even there a second ago ) and without any further introduction , says something along the lines of , " why would you want to check out that shit for ??
you should do yourself a favor and check out this language instead ! ! "
what the hell is that ??
how the fuck do i even begin to answer a question like this ?
obviously since i'm a developer my communication skills are sorely limited to begin with , in addition there is the fact that i have problems talking to complete fucking nincompoops , AND i just love having my time being completely fucking wasted on morons such as yourself .
right , the last thing i want to do during the day is have a fucking competely inane , pointless argument with a 18 - 25 year old , trenchcoat wearing , acne- ridden , mildly overweight , greasy haired virgin like yourself .
however , let me think of some possible responses :
a good swift kick in the ass
direct and simple .
sometimes that 's the only way to combat such pure fucking idiocy .
it also has the element of surprise .
the last thing that anybody would be expecting from a software geek ( especially in a book store ) is an ultra violent , deadly , ninja like beating that would be considered borderline psychotic .
despite all these advantages though , it is a little too flashy for a nonchalant guy like myself .
i have also found that it attracts way too much attention from onlookers as well .
it also has the serious side effect that if you work yourself into a wild enough frenzy , an innocent bystander or too might get caught in the horrific crossfire .
direct and simple .
sometimes that 's the only way to combat such pure fucking idiocy .
it also has the element of surprise .
the last thing that anybody would be expecting from a software geek ( especially in a book store ) is an ultra violent , deadly , ninja like beating that would be considered borderline psychotic .
despite all these advantages though , it is a little too flashy for a nonchalant guy like myself .
i have also found that it attracts way too much attention from onlookers as well .
it also has the serious side effect that if you work yourself into a wild enough frenzy , an innocent bystander or too might get caught in the horrific crossfire .
ignore ( which is also basically the same as the abort and retry responses )
i have a fondness for this approach because i'm lazy and this response requires the least expenditure of effort .
it also carries with it the extra bonus of really pissing off the moron that approached you in the first place .
with the exception of the fact that it does not produce the instantaneous feeling of smug satisfaction and is not quite visually spectacular as the method above , it generally is the most often used .
( which is also basically the same as the abort and retry responses ) i have a fondness for this approach because i'm lazy and this response requires the least expenditure of effort .
it also carries with it the extra bonus of really pissing off the moron that approached you in the first place .
with the exception of the fact that it does not produce the instantaneous feeling of smug satisfaction and is not quite visually spectacular as the method above , it generally is the most often used .
tell him your moronic BlunderMan boss is making you buy it for him
oh , wait ... nevermind .
this response is a disaster because you 'll probably get some sort of response like , " yeah dude !!... like i totally know what you mean , man ! " thereby inducing more garbage from this guy as opposed to just shutting him the hell up .
there are plenty of other responses as well but i do n't want to go on forever , so i'll leave some of the others as exercises for the reader to discover on his own .
please feel free to be creative as possible ... interpretive dancing , ethnic music , chrome kitchen appliances , and marital aids are all things you should feel free to incorporate ...
the language war
you knew i could n't get through this without mentioning the Language Snob 's weapon of choice , right ?
where else but in a language war can you see adult and children alike act like completely moronic , cocksucking , fools ?
man , i love following these things .
talk about something to brighten your day !
anyway , they usually start off because wankmaster x has decided to publish , post , or yammer something derogatory about language y , thereby insulting and causing much loss of manliness from development community z , who write code in nothing but the aforementioned language .
now obviously this ridiculous geek / dork / wank challenge cannot go unanswered .
inevitably there is somebody who is either insecure enough , sick and tired of being bullied , or is just plain stupid enough to respond to this shit ( that was said with the express intention of starting just this kind of shit in the first place ) .
before you know it , every fucking dork on the planet now feels the duty , obligation , or whatever to defend their language .
YEEHAW !!... let the fireworks begin !!
it 's great ... and every language has their stock statements of choice that usually follow these well known patterns :
" well i use my language because it 's soooooo much more productive !
" well my language gives me so much more power "
" sigh ... why can't we all get along and just use my language ? ? "
now ... to see how ridiculous all this is , substitute the word " cock " for the word " language " in the bullet points above .
what you might not know though is that there are all kinds of wars like this each one with their own themes and flavors .
here are some of the ones that have been fairly prominent :
me against the world
this is the one that c++ programmers all over the world have been and currently continue to fight .
despite their best efforts , they are slowly losing this brutal war of attrition .
( on both fronts : the c# and java ) .
lisp is fighting this very same kind of war as well .
this is the one that c++ programmers all over the world have been and currently continue to fight .
despite their best efforts , they are slowly losing this brutal war of attrition .
( on both fronts : the c# and java ) .
lisp is fighting this very same kind of war as well .
the civil war
this is the one between programmers who program in vb. net vs. those who program in c#. despite the fact that they share a common framework , there are morons out there that feel the insecure need to beat each other up and cause other mindless dissension in the ranks .
this is the one between programmers who program in vb. net vs. those who program in c#. despite the fact that they share a common framework , there are morons out there that feel the insecure need to beat each other up and cause other mindless dissension in the ranks .
jihad , or the holy war
this one is between java programmers and c# programmers .
never has there been a more heated debate between to languages ( or the morons who develop in them ) .
to see what i mean , just do a search on " c# " in the comp.lang.java.advocacy newsgroup .
i can't tell you how much time i have wasted laughing so hard at the shenanigans between these two languages .
in case your wondering , the ongoing hootinanny between perl and python belongs here too .
this one is between java programmers and c# programmers .
never has there been a more heated debate between to languages ( or the morons who develop in them ) .
to see what i mean , just do a search on " c# " in the comp.lang.java.advocacy newsgroup .
i can't tell you how much time i have wasted laughing so hard at the shenanigans between these two languages .
in case your wondering , the ongoing hootinanny between perl and python belongs here too .
blitzkreig
when the c++ empire consolidated , it destroyed smalltalk in two weeks .
one day , smalltalk was there being touted like java was a few years ago ( as a matter of fact , byte magazine a very long time ago dedicated an entire issue to it ) , only to die at the c++ onslaught during the 90s .
i should thank all the people who have participated in these flamefests the world over for the countless hours of enjoyment you 've given me .
unfortunately though , this is just one more trick that the monstrous Language Snob has used time and time again to lure innocent young developers into his den of iniquity and have his way ... plus , there are much better things to argue about too , like who was frank zappa's best drummer ( if you do n't know , it 's vinnie colaiuta , period ) , or just how much heroin did miles davis actually take , or was wiles lucky , or did he really know what he was doing when he proved fermat 's last theorem ??
do n't fall for this bullshit ...
if all you have is a hammer ...
this is another disastrous , project killing Language Snob trait .
this basically translates into complete fucking bumblers using the wrong tool for the wrong job .
listen , duechebag ... there is a reason why people do n't write " line of business applications " in assembler .
conversely , there is a just as valid reason why people do n't write linux hardware drivers in visual basic .
regardless , the Language Snob plows on because he 's totally confident in the fact that his language is the only tool to get the job done .
maybe it 's because i'm lazy , but i just can't understand the absolute masochistic need to write a 1000 line console program when you could write the same moronic fucking thing in about 100 lines of c# or java code ( or even less in visual basic or python ) .
not only that , but it would be easier to debug and maintain as well .
i guess those things are n't really high on the Language Snob 's list .
i mean , who writes code that would want to be easy to debug and maintain ??
how do you fucking explain such aberrant fucking behavior ?
i'm sure i'm not the only developer out there who has seen more than his far share of projects that have had to go through complete rewrites because some fucking Language Snob decided that the implementation MUST be in his language .
assuming you understand the advanced , complex , and sophisticated concepts of assignment , selection , and iteration , how fucking hard can it be to add another tool to your tool belt , you lazy fuck ?
why do you think nobody showed up to fujitsu's building transactional web - applications using object cobol for .
net seminars ??
there are many other disastrous traits as well that the Language Snob has incorporated into his MO .
these are only some of the highlights .
these guys are dangerous .
especially when they are decision - makers .
yeah , i got it ... i'll take the objective route , and at the risk of completely fucking derailing the project , i'll recommend we go with MY language !!!
wow ... would n't you love somebody like this on the team ??
by the way , there recently was a minor skirmish in the civil war here .
( this is a fairly well known vb guy 's response to a page about c#. put it this way ... that page has to be some of the biggest and purely opportunistic FUD i've ever seen , and i'm a c# guy ! ) .
December 27 , 2009 marks the one - year anniversary of the beginning of “ Operation Cast Lead , ” Israel ’s 22 - day assault on the captive population of Gaza , which killed 1400 people , one third of them children , and injured more than 5300 .
During this war on an impoverished , mostly refugee population , Israel targeted civilians , using internationally - proscribed white phosphorous bombs , deprived them of power , water and other essentials , and sought to destroy the infrastructure of Palestinian civil society , including hospitals , administrative buildings and UN facilities .
It targeted with peculiar consistency educational institutions of all kinds : the Islamic University of Gaza , the Ministry of Education , the American International School , at least ten UNRWA schools , one of which was sheltering internally displaced Palestinian civilians with nowhere to flee , and tens of other schools and educational facilities .
While world leaders have tragically failed to come to Gaza ’s help , civilians everywhere are rallying to show their solidarity with the Palestinian people , with anniversary vigils taking place this week in New York , Washington DC , Seattle , Portland , San Francisco , Boston , Los Angeles , and many more cities and towns in the US and world - wide .
The United States Campaign for an Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel was formed in the immediate aftermath of Operation Cast Lead , bringing together educators of conscience who were unable to stand by and watch in silence Israel ’s indiscriminate assault on the Gaza Strip and its educational institutions .
Today , over 500 US - based academics , authors , artists , musicians , poets , and other arts professionals have endorsed our call .
Our academic endorsers include post - colonial critics and transnational feminists Chandra Talpade Mohanty and Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak , Indigenous scholars J. Kēhaulani Kauanui and Andrea Smith , philosopher Judith Butler , Black studies scholars Cedric Robinson , Fred Moten , evolutionary biologist Robert Trivers , and intellectual historian Joseph Massad .
“ Cultural workers ” who have endorsed our call include well known author Barbara Ehrenreich , Electronic Intifada founder Ali Abunimah , poets Adrienne Rich and Lisa Suhair Majjaj , ISM co-founder and documentary film - maker Adam Shapiro , Jordan Flaherty of Left Turn Magazine , and Adrienne Maree Brown , of the Ruckus Society .
Among the 34 organizations supporting our mission are and the U.S. Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation , the Green Party , Code Pink , INCITE !
Women of Color Against Violence , . Artists Against Apartheid , and Teachers Against the Occupation .
The Advisory Board of the United States Campaign for an Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel ( USACBI ) has grown to include Archbishop Desmond Tutu , Hamid Dabashi , Lawrence Davidson , Bill Fletcher Jr. , Glen Ford , Mark Gonzales , Marilyn Hacker , Edward Herman , Annemarie Jacir , J. Kehaulani Kauanui , Robin Kelley , Ilan Pappe , James Petras , Vijay Prashad , Andrenne Rich , Michel Shehadeh , and Lisa Taraki .
Israeli academics , listed among the organization ’s International Endorsers , have also joined us , including Emmanuel Farjoun , Hebrew University ; Rachel Giora , Tel Aviv University ; Anat Matar , Tel Aviv University ; Kobi Snitz , Technion ; and Ilan Pappe now at Exeter .
The USACBI Mission Statement calls for a boycott of Israeli academic and cultural institutions in support of an appeal by the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel .
Individual Israelis are not targeted by the boycott .
Specifically , supporters are asked to :
(1) Refrain from participation in any form of academic and cultural cooperation , collaboration or joint projects with Israeli institutions that do not vocally oppose Israeli state policies against Palestine ;
(2) Advocate a comprehensive boycott of Israeli institutions at the national and international levels , including suspension of all forms of funding and subsidies to these institutions ;
(3) Promote divestment and disinvestment from Israel by international academic institutions ;
(4) Work toward the condemnation of Israeli policies by pressing for resolutions to be adopted by academic , professional and cultural associations and organizations ;
(5) Support Palestinian academic and cultural institutions directly without requiring them to partner with Israeli counterparts as an explicit or implicit condition for such support .
This boycott , modeled upon the global BDS movement that put an end to South African apartheid , is to continue until Israel meets its obligation to recognize the Palestinian people ’s inalienable right to self - determination and fully complies with the precepts of international law by :
1. Ending its occupation and colonization of all Arab lands and dismantling the Wall ;
2. Recognizing the fundamental rights of the Arab - Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality ; and
3 . Respecting , protecting and promoting the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN resolution 194 .
After years of threats , four of six countries in the Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) finally agreed to a monetary union with a single currency and central bank .
Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , and Qatar opted in .
The UAE and Oman opted out of the agreement .
So what does it mean ?
For Ambrose Evans - Pritchard 's opinion , please consider Gulf petro-powers to launch currency in latest threat to dollar hegemony .
“ The Gulf monetary union pact has come into effect , ” said Kuwait ’s finance minister , Mustafa al - Shamali , speaking at a Gulf Co-operation Council ( GCC ) summit in Kuwait .
The move will give the hyper - rich club of oil exporters a petro-currency of their own , greatly increasing their influence in the global exchange and capital markets and potentially displacing the US dollar as the pricing currency for oil contracts .
The Gulf states remain divided over the wisdom of anchoring their economies to the US dollar .
The Gulf currency – dubbed “ Gulfo ” – is likely to track a global exchange basket and may ultimately float as a regional reserve currency in its own right .
“ The US dollar has failed .
We need to delink , ” said Nahed Taher , chief executive of Bahrain ’s Gulf One Investment Bank .
Khalid Bin Ahmad Al Kalifa , Bahrain ’s foreign minister , told the FIKR Arab Thought summit in Kuwait that the project would not work unless the Gulf countries first break down basic barriers to trade and capital flows .
At the moment , trucks sit paralysed at border posts for days awaiting entry clearance .
Labour mobility between states is almost zero .
Yet hurdles are formidable even for the tight - knit group of Gulf states .
While the eurozone is a club of rough equals – with Germany , France , Italy , and Spain each holding two votes on the ECB council – the Gulf currency will be dominated by Saudi Arabia .
The risk is that other countries will feel like satellites .
Monetary policy will inevitably be set for Riyadh ’s needs .
Hans Redeker , currency chief at BNP Paraibas , said the Gulf states may have romanticised Europe ’s achievement and need to move with great care to avoid making the same errors .
“ The Greek crisis has exposed the weak foundations on which the euro is built .
The gap in competitiveness between core Europe and the periphery has grown wider and wider .
The obvious mistake was to launch EMU without a central fiscal authority and political union , as the Bundesbank warned in the 1990s , ” he said .
“ The euro was created for political reasons after the fall of the Berlin Wall to lock Germany irrevocably into Europe .
It was not done for economic reasons , ” he said .
The GCC also agreed to create a joint military strike force – akin to the EU ’s rapid reaction force – to tackle threats such as the incursion of Yemeni Shiite rebels into Saudi territory earlier this year .
This is a major breakthrough after years of deadlock on defence cooperation .
The Sunni Gulf states are deeply concerned about the great power ambitions of Shiite Iran and its quest for nuclear weapons , to the point where the theme of a possible war between Iran and a Saudi- led constellation of states has crept into the media debate .
The Gulfo Threat ?
Gulfo
Gulfo
It will not matter one iota if they price crude in Gulfos given that currencies are fungible .
Rest assured , US dollar hegemony will end , but it will not be on account of the Gulfo .
Military Significance
We do not accept any military action against Iran .
Any tension in the region will reflect on our situation .
We have many problems already and we do n't want any more
Northwest Bomb Plot ' Oddities ' By Lori Price , www.legitgov.org
Updated : 27 Apr 2010
Bogosity reaches critical mass !
Video shows airliner bomb suspect in training -- It is not clear where [ Langley , Virginia ] and when the video was made .
26 Apr 2010 A video has surfaced showing accused Christmas Day bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab training with al - Qaida in Yemen .
The video , obtained and broadcast Monday by " ABC World News , " shows Abdulmutallab firing weapons and speaking in Arabic about his impending attack .
A U.S. intelligence official said Monday that the preliminary judgment is that it is Abdulmutallab in the video and the footage is consistent with the understanding that he was in training .
In 2008 , the ACLU estimated the US ' No Fly List ' to have grown to over 1,000,000 names -- heck , even Cat Stevens and the late Senator Ted Kennedy were on it -- and it continues to expand .
But , suspected terrorist Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab , who was curiously able to obtain military - grade high explosives -- 80 grams of PETN ( Gee , where 'd he get that ? ) -- managed to escape airport security and detonate his underwear bomb !
In April 2009 , American authorities reportedly refused an Air France flight from Paris to Mexico entry into US airspace because a left - wing journalist writing a book on the CIA was on board .
Hernando Calvo Ospina , who works for Le Monde Diplomatique and has written on revolutionary movements in Cuba and Colombia , figured on the US authorities ' ' no - fly list . '
Air France said the April 18 flight was forced to divert to the French Caribbean island of Martinique before continuing its journey ( telegraph.co.uk ) .
Got it ?
Write a book critical of the CIA -- you can not fly .
Carry explosives ( allegedly from Yemen ) on board when the US is trolling for an excuse to invade and occupy Yemen for its oil -- yes you can !
The US needs false flags to provide cover for illegal invasions and occupations .
The 9/11 terrorist attacks ( aka inside job , six ways to Sunday ) worked well for the US government ; the security - industrial complex made billions and US corporaterrorists were able to negotiate the wholesale theft of Iraq 's oil .
According to CNN , the terror suspect 's father tried to warn authorities .
CNN reported :
The father of a man suspected in a botched terror attack aboard a Northwest Airlines flight contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria recently with concerns his son was planning something , a senior U.S. administration official said Saturday .
The father -- identified by a family source as Umaru Abdul Mutallab -- contacted the U.S. Embassy " a few weeks ago " saying his son , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , had " become radicalized , " the senior administration official , who is familiar with the case , told CNN .
And yet , Abdulmutallab was not obliged to undergo any additional airport screening layers , prior to boarding for the last leg of his journey to Detroit .
Also , lest we forget :
Three key provisions of the Patriot Act are scheduled to expire 31 December 2009 .
Hmm .
I wonder if post - Abdulmutallab they will get renewed ?
Abdulmutallab was thwarted by a quote , unquote vacationing movie producer , Jasper Schuringa , who , within seconds , asserted that he not only tackled the suspect and put him in a headlock but also tried ' to search his body for any explosives ' ( CNN ) .
Unless one was a bona - fide law enforcement professional or a military agent , who on earth would think of searching a man who had just set himself on fire , in a matter of seconds , for more explosives ?
The goal is Yemeni oil .
Hence the reason for the destabilization and the purported need for the US to stop al - Qaeda ( literally , ' the database ' ) .
The Yemeni national security chief has declared that the country is receiving assistance from the US in the crackdown on what he called ' al - Qaeda operatives ' in southern Yemen ( Press TV ) .
Translation : US corporaterrorists want Yemen 's oil and they want it NOW .
Internet helped Flight 253 suspect radicalize , attack plane ' within weeks '
11 Mar 2010 ' The Internet ' allowed extremists to contact , recruit , train and equip the suspect responsible for the attempted Flight 253 bombing on Christmas Day " within weeks , " a top Pentagon official told lawmakers Wednesday .
That relatively brief timeframe only speaks to how quickly extremist groups have " optimized " the Web and developed a " highly evolved " process by which to develop terrorist networks , added Garry Reid , deputy assistant secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Combating Terrorism ... "
If we can stop them upstream when they are becoming radicalized , then obviously we have an easier job of it than when they are downstream and they are getting into all kinds of dangerous activities , " said Ambassador Daniel Benjamin during prepared testimony .
Amid media blackout Congressional hearing reveals US intelligence agencies shielded Flight 253 bomber By Alex Lantier 03 Feb 2010 A January 27 hearing of the House Committee on Homeland Security established that US intelligence agencies stopped the State Department from revoking the US visa of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ...
Revocation of Abdulmutallab ’s visa would have prevented him from boarding the airplane ...
The revelation that US intelligence agencies made a deliberate decision to allow Abdulmutallab to board the commercial flight , without any special airport screening , has been buried in the media ...
There are a number of possible explanations for the decision to allow Abdulmutallab to board Northwest Flight 253 .
One possibility is that it was bound up with efforts by elements within the US intelligence apparatus to politically destabilize the Obama administration .
Christmas Day bomb suspect Abdulmutallab providing intelligence , sources say 03 Feb 2010 Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the man accused of trying to blow up a jet airplane on Christmas Day , has been providing FBI interrogators with useful intelligence about his training and contacts since last week , Obama administration sources said Tuesday .
Separately , FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III told senators at an intelligence committee hearing that Abdulmutallab was giving information to investigators .
Mueller did not elaborate .
Abdulmutallab provides ' useful intelligence ' 03 Feb 2010
The Nigerian man accused of trying to blow up a US airliner on Christmas Day , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , is cooperating again with US authorities and has provided " useful intelligence , " a law enforcement official said yesterday .
Prosecutors charged Abdulmutallab , who studied in London , with trying to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit with a bomb hidden in his underwear , drawing further criticism from some lawmakers who said he should face a special military court instead .
Authorities seek deal with Detroit suspect on cooperation , guilty plea 29 Jan 2010 Authorities are inching toward an agreement that would secure cooperation from the suspect in the failed Detroit airliner attack , according to two sources familiar with the case , even as fresh details emerged about the intense and chaotic response to the Christmas Day incident ...
During a 50 - minute interrogation , another federal source said , Abdulmutallab provided the FBI with key information , including where he was trained for the operation and who gave him nearly 80 grams of PETN , a volatile chemical often employed by the military .
Bin Laden ' Claims Failed Plane Bomb Plot ' 24 Jan 2010
Al Jazeera says it has new audio of Osama bin Laden in which he claims responsibility for the failed US plane attack on Christmas Day .
Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab has been charged with attempting to blow up a Delta Airlines plane on a flight from Amsterdam on December 25 , 2009 .
He was stopped by passengers on board Northwest Flight 253 from setting off explosives stitched into his underwear .
Report : Female suicide bombers attempt to enter US 23 Jan 2010 Official elements in the United States administration warned that several female suicide bombers have been attempting to enter the US , the ABC television network reported .
According to the report , at least two of the women are affiliated with an al - Qaeda extension in Yemen which claimed responsibility for the attempted attack on a plane making its way to Detroit last Christmas .
[ On ' Law & Order , ' when the police have two suspects who both claim responsibility for a crime , the viewer knows * someone else * is the culprit . ]
Suspect in Northwest Airlines bomb attack had round - trip ticket -- It had been widely reported that Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab had a one - way fare .
Obama administration officials brief congressional aides on the Christmas Day attack .
12 Jan 2010
The alleged Christmas Day airline bomber had purchased a round - trip ticket -- not a one - way fare , as has been widely reported -- the Obama administration told congressional aides in a closed briefing Tuesday .
According to a person who attended the meeting , the administration also said it was not unusual for international air travelers to buy their tickets using cash , as Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab had done .
Israeli firm blasted for letting would - be plane bomber slip through 10 Jan 2010 The Israeli firm ICTS International ( not to be confused with ICTS Europe , which is a different company ) , and two of its subsidiaries are at the crux of an international investigation in recent days , as experts try to pinpoint the reasons for the security failure that enabled Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab to board Northwest flight 253 and attempt to set alight explosives hidden in his underwear .
A Haaretz investigation has learned that the security officers and their supervisor should have suspected the passenger , even without having early intelligence available to them .
Canada ordered airline scanners months ago -- Scanner technology was in the works well before events in recent weeks 06 Jan 2010 Transport Minister John Baird told CTV's Canada AM on Wednesday morning that Canada chose to pursue the high - tech scanner technology months ago , putting an order in to manufacturers " before the United States were in the queue ... and before some of the countries in Europe . "
He said the scanner technology was in the works well before the events in recent weeks , leaving Canadian authorities well - informed about the practical concerns of implementing them at nationwide airports .
" This is something we 've been working on for about 15 months , " said Baird .
Airline Bombing Suspect Flagged For Check At Landing 07 Jan 2010
As the White House prepared Thursday to release a preliminary report on the Christmas Day bombing attempt aboard a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit , there was word that security officials had flagged the name of the bombing suspect after he was already on his way .
U.S. officials say the Nigerian man was supposed to get extra screening once he arrived , because of his apparent ties to extremists .
Customs and Border Protection officials screen passengers against terrorist watch lists before international flights leave for the U.S. , and then check names against a different database while the flight is in the air . [ LOL !]
It was during this second check that officials flagged the alleged bomber .
Obama security adviser says bomb report a shocker 07 Jan 2010 Americans will feel " a certain shock " from a White House report to be released on Thursday on security lapses in the attempted December 25 bombing of a Detroit - bound airliner , U.S. national security adviser James Jones said in a USA Today interview .
President Barack Obama " is legitimately and correctly alarmed that things that were available , bits of information that were available , patterns of behavior that were available , were not acted on , " Jones said in the interview published on Thursday .
[ ' A certain shock . '
Oh , that a Cheney ' burrower ' ensured that Abdulmutallab was not on the ' No - Fly ' list , so that the US would be attacked under Obama ?
Odd , as Obomba is funding and fomenting more rage and possible acts of terrorism ( through killer drone attacks , etc. ) than Bush .
See : Administration Moves to Protect Key Appointees 18 Nov 2008 . ]
U.S. learned intelligence on airline bomb suspect while he was en route 06 Jan 2010 U.S. border enforcement officials came close to stopping the attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines jet while the suspect was en route to Detroit on Christmas Day , new data show .
U.S. border security officials learned of intelligence about the alleged extremist links of the suspect in the Christmas Day airline bombing attempt as he was en route to Detroit and had decided to question him when he landed , officials said in new disclosures today .
Obama Says Government Knew of " Other Red Flags " in Terror Threat 06 Jan 2010 President Obama said Tuesday that the United States government had sufficient information to uncover the terror plot to bring down an airplane on Christmas Day , but intelligence officials " failed to connect those dots " that would have prevented the young Nigerian man from boarding the plane in Amsterdam .
" This was not a failure to collect intelligence , it was a failure to integrate and understand the intelligence that we already had , " Mr. Obama said after a two - hour meeting with his national security team at the White House .
Ah , then came the dawn .
Yemen seizes ' Israel - linked ' cell 07 Oct 2008 Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has said the security forces have arrested a group of alleged Islamist militants linked to Israeli intelligence .
Mr Saleh did not say what evidence had been found to show the group 's links with Israel , a regional enemy of Yemen .
The arrests were connected with an attack on the US embassy in Sanaa last month which killed at least 18 people , official sources were quoted saying .
[ Hmm .
Guess they did n't get the whole cell . ]
U.S. Customs : Second person handcuffed on Christmas Day was on Flight 253 , after all 02 Jan 2010 A spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection now says that a man who was handcuffed and questioned by authorities on Christmas Day was a passenger on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 -- just days after saying that person arrived to Detroit aboard a different flight .
In an email to The Detroit News Thursday night , Customs spokesman Ron Smith acknowledged that a person from Flight 253 was handcuffed after search dogs found something in his carry - on bag .
Smith said the email was based on new information he had received .
The passenger was not arrested or detained , and was allowed to leave Detroit Metro Airport with the rest of the Flight 253 passengers , according to WWJ .
Official confirms 2nd man interviewed from Flight 253 -- Couple on 253 did see 2nd man in cuffs , customs officer says 02 Jan 2010 A U.S. Customs official reversed himself Friday , admitting a passenger from Northwest Flight 253 was placed in handcuffs , searched and released after a security dog alerted officers to the passenger 's carry - on luggage .
Ronald G. Smith , chief U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer in the Detroit area , sent an e-mail to The Detroit News late Thursday apologizing that the information on the passenger -- which was made public by a pair of Taylor attorneys , Kurt and Lori Haskell , who were passengers on the flight -- was not officially announced earlier .
FBI officials had said only one man from the flight was arrested .
White House Adviser Briefed in October on Underwear Bomb Technique 03 Jan 2010 White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan was briefed in October on an assassination attempt by Al Qaeda [ al - CIAduh ] that investigators now believe used the same underwear bombing technique as the Nigerian suspect who tried to blow up Northwest Airlines Flight 253 on Christmas Day , U.S. intelligence and administration officials tell NEWSWEEK .
The briefing to Brennan was delivered at the White House by Muhammad bin Nayef , Saudi Arabia ’s chief counterterrorism official .
In late August , Nayef had survived an assassination attempt by an operative dispatched by the Yemeni branch of Al Qaeda who was pretending to turn himself in .
MI5 knew of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's UK extremist links 03 Jan 2010
The security services knew three years ago that the Detroit bomber had " multiple communications " with Islamic extremists in Britain , it emerged this weekend .
Counterterrorism officials said Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was " reaching out " to extremists whom MI5 had under surveillance while he was studying at University College London .
None of the information was passed to American officials , which will prompt questions about intelligence failures prior to the attack .
British officials have now passed a file to their US counterparts on Abdulmutallab ’s activities in Britain while he was a student from 2005 to 2008 .
It shows his repeated contacts with MI5 targets who were subject to phone taps , email intercepts and other forms of surveillance .
Flight 253 passenger Kurt Haskell : ' I was visited by the FBI ' 31 Dec 2009 Following up on a visit from FBI officials about an eyewitness account first described to MLive.com , Michigan attorney Kurt Haskell described the visit in comment sections across MLive on Wednesday .
Haskell and his wife , Lori , were aboard Flight 253 when Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab allegedly tried to destroy the plane .
They say another man tried to help Abdulmutallab board the plane in Amsterdam .
Airline bomber suspect studied in Houston 31 Dec 2009
The Nigerian man accused of trying to bomb an airliner on Christmas Day over Detroit attended an intensive , Islamic education seminar in Houston last year designed for top student scholars , an organization confirmed Wednesday .
Shaykh Waleed Basyouni , vice president for the AlMaghrib Institute in Houston , said 23 - year - old Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was living in London in the summer of 2008 when he attended the nonprofit institute 's annual “ IlmSummit ” with about 150 other students .
Basyouni said other participants in the seminar , which was held in Houston during the first two weeks of August 2008 , remembered Abdulmutallab as being very quiet and keeping to himself .
US aware ' Nigerian ' prepared for terror attack 30 Dec 2009
The US was aware that " a Nigerian " in Yemen was being prepared for a terrorist attack - weeks before an attempted bombing on a US plane .
ABC News and the New York Times say there was intelligence to this effect , but its source is unclear .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab flew from Lagos to Amsterdam before changing planes for a flight to Detroit on which he allegedly tried to detonate a bomb .
Second person was detained by U.S. Customs after alleged attack on Flight 253 29 Dec 2009
A person was detained by customs at Detroit Metro Airport on Friday following Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's alleged attack on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , according to a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection .
It is unknown why the person was detained or whether the person will face any charges , spokesman Ron Smith told MLive.com .
Bill Carter , a spokesman with the FBI in Washington , D.C. , said in an interview Tuesday that Abdulmutallab was the only person arrested or charged in relation to Friday 's foiled attack .
Report : Dutch police investigating report of accomplice in Northwest Flight 253 terror plot 28 Dec 2009 Reuters reports
Dutch military police are investigating claims that an accomplice may have helped Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab board Northwest Flight 253 in Amsterdam on Christmas day without a passport , a story first told here on MLive.com .
Abdulmutallab allegedly tried to blow up the Detroit - bound plane with an explosive chemical he smuggled through security .
Man videotaped entire false flag , including detonation : Oconomowoc Family Survives Terrorist Attempt 28 Dec 2009 ( WI ) Patricia " Scotty " Keepman still has a sense of humor after the harrowing experience she , her husband , daughter and two new adopted children from Ethiopia had as a man tried to detonate an explosive device while their plane was getting ready to land in Detroit on Christmas Day .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab of Nigeria was charged Saturday in the Christmas Day attempt that only sparked a fire on the flight from Amsterdam .
They were sitting about 20 rows behind Abdulmutallab , in a center aisle ...
Her daughter said that ahead of them was a man who videotaped the entire flight , including the attempted detonation .
" He sat up and videotaped the entire thing , very calmly , " said Patricia .
" We do know that the FBI is looking for him intensely .
Since then , we 've heard nothing about it . "
Detroit bomber linked to MI5 suspect 30 Dec 2009
The Detroit bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was linked to a Muslim extremist under surveillance by MI5 while he was living in Britain , it has emerged .
The Security Service have found that the 23 - year - old was connected to a suspect it was investigating while he was studying at university in London .
The connection was discovered after record checks by MI5 following the attempted suicide bombing on Christmas Day by Abdulmutallab on a US - bound plane .
Until now , it was thought that the first time MI5 had any evidence of Abdulmutallab was when he was put on a " watch list " earlier this year after being refused a student visa because he had given details of a bogus college .
But MI5 has now discovered he was on the " periphery of a past incident " sources said , although he was not said to have been under surveillance himself .
U.S. Had Information Before Christmas of a Terror Plot -- The government also had more information about where Mr. Abdulmutallab had been and what some of his plans were .
30 Dec 2009 President Obama was told during a private briefing on Tuesday morning while vacationing here in Hawaii that the government had a variety of information in its possession before the thwarted bombing that would have been a clear warning sign had it been shared among agencies , a senior official said .
Two officials said the government had intelligence from Yemen before Friday that leaders of a branch of Al Qaeda there were talking about " a Nigerian " being prepared [ by his CIA handlers ] for a terrorist attack .
' The information on AbdulMutallab had been sent to CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia . '
Source : CIA failed to circulate report about bombing suspect 29 Dec 2009
The father of terrorism suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab talked about his son's extremist views with someone from the CIA and a report was prepared , but the report was not circulated outside the agency , a reliable source told CNN on Tuesday .
Had that information been shared , the 23 - year - old Nigerian who is alleged to have bungled an attempt to blow up a jetliner as it was landing in Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day might have been denied passage on the Northwest Airlines flight , the source said .
U.S. officials said the father , a former Nigerian banker , expressed his concerns about his son's radicalization during at least one meeting and several calls with officials at the embassy in Nigeria .
The information on AbdulMutallab had been sent to CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , but it sat there for five weeks and was not disseminated , the source said .
Two al Qaeda Leaders Behind Northwest Flight 253 Terror Plot Were Released by U.S. [ by Bush ]
-- Former Guantanamo Prisoners Believed Behind Northwest Airlines Bomb Plot ; Sent to Saudi Arabia in 2007 28 Dec 2009
Two of the four leaders allegedly behind the al Qaeda [ al - CIAduh ] plot to blow up a Northwest Airlines passenger jet over Detroit were released by the U.S. from the Guantanamo prison in November , 2007 , according to American officials and Department of Defense documents .
American officials agreed to send the two terrorists from Guantanamo to Saudi Arabia where they entered into an " art therapy rehabilitation program " and were set free , according to U.S. and Saudi officials .
Guantanamo prisoner # 333 , Muhamad Attik al - Harbi , and prisoner # 372 , Said Ali Shari , were sent to Saudi Arabia on Nov. 9 , 2007 , according to the Defense Department log of detainees who were released from American custody .
Al - Harbi has since changed his name to Muhamad al - Awfi .
US jet plot suspect ' was in Yemen in December ' 29 Dec 2009
The Nigerian man accused of trying to blow up a jet over the US on Christmas Day was living in Yemen until earlier this month , Yemeni officials have said .
The foreign ministry said Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was in Yemen from August until the beginning of December , the official Saba news agency reported .
He had a visa to study Arabic at an institute in the capital Sanaa .
Anti-terror officials let terror suspect keep visa 28 Dec 2009
The State Department says counterterrorism agencies were warned that the Nigerian man who allegedly tried to blow up an airliner Christmas Day may be under extremists ' influence .
State Department spokesman Ian Kelly says it was up to the National Counterterrorism Center to block Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab from entering the U.S.
He says U.S. counterterror agencies received the information on Nov. 20 , a day after it was provided by the father , but it was not enough to revoke the visa .
Father of terror suspect reported Mutallab to US Embassy 6 months ago 27 Dec 2009
The father of the al Qaeda terrorist behind Friday ’s attempted explosion aboard a Northwest flight bound for Detroit reported his son ’s fanatical religious views to the U.S. Embassy six months ago , according to a Nigerian news outlet .
The young man , Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab , is the son of Alhaji Umaru Mutallab , a former Nigerian minister and bank chairman .
He became wary of his son ’s religious beliefs and reported his activities to the U.S. Embassy as well as Nigerian security services half a year ago , according to the Nigerian newspaper This Day .
Source : Terror suspect 's father tried to warn authorities 27 Dec 2009
The father of a man suspected in a botched terror attack aboard a Northwest Airlines flight contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria recently with concerns his son was planning something , a senior U.S. administration official said Saturday .
The father -- identified by a family source as Umaru Abdul Mutallab -- contacted the U.S. Embassy " a few weeks ago " saying his son , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , had " become radicalized , " the senior administration official , who is familiar with the case , told CNN .
Abdulmutallab , 23 , was charged in a federal criminal complaint Saturday with attempting to destroy the plane Friday on its final approach to Michigan 's Detroit Metropolitan Airport , and placing a destructive device on the aircraft , the Department of Justice said .
Father alerted US about Nigerian plane bomb suspect 27 Dec 2009
The father of a Nigerian man charged with trying to blow up a transatlantic jet on Christmas Day had voiced concerns to US officials about his son .
The father , a top Nigerian banker , warned US authorities last month about Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's extreme views , say officials .
US sources confirm a file was opened , but say the information did not warrant placing the accused on a " no - fly " list .
Airline bomber was barred from Britain -- Man who allegedly attempted to blow up US jet had UK visa request refused in May 27 Dec 2009
The son of a prominent Nigerian banker , who allegedly attempted to blow up a transatlantic flight over America , was barred from returning to Britain earlier this year .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , 23 , graduated from a university in London last year but his visa request was refused in May when he attempted to apply for a new course at a bogus college .
Abdulmutallab , described as a devout Muslim , attempted to ignite an explosive device on a plane from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day after shouting about Afghanistan .
Flight 253 passenger : Sharp - dressed man aided terror suspect Abdul Mutallab onto plane without passport 27 Dec 2009 A Michigan man who was aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 says he witnessed Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab trying to board the plane in Amsterdam without a passport .
Kurt Haskell and his wife , Lori , of Newport , Mich. , were returning from a safari in Uganda when they boarded the NWA flight on Friday .
Haskell said he and his wife [ attorneys with Haskell Law Firm in Taylor ] were sitting on the ground near their boarding gate in Amsterdam , which is when they saw Mutallab approach the gate with an unidentified man .
While Mutallab was poorly dressed , his friend was dressed in an expensive suit , Haskell said .
He says the suited man asked ticket agents whether Mutallab could board without a passport .
" The guy said , ' He 's from Sudan and we do this all the time . ' "
Mutallab is Nigerian .
Haskell believes the man may have been trying to garner sympathy for Mutallab 's lack of documents by portraying him as a Sudanese refugee .
Unclear If Suspect 's Name Was On Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment List -- The list , maintained by United States National Counterterrorism Center , includes about 550,000 names 27 Dec 2009
The Nigerian man accused of trying to ignite an incendiary device aboard a trans -Atlantic jetliner on Friday came to the attention of American officials at least " several weeks ago , " but the initial information was not specific enough to raise alarms that he could potentially carry out a terrorist attack , a senior Obama administration official said on Saturday ...
It was unclear whether Mr. Abdulmutallab ’s name was entered into the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment list , which includes people with known or suspected contact or ties to a terrorist or terrorist organization .
Those people , however , are not necessarily placed on the federal government ’s so - called no - fly list , which prohibits persons entering the United States because of known or suspected [ or imagined ] terrorists links .
Mr. Abdulmutallab was not on that list , federal officials say .
US authorites divert Air France flight carrying ' no - fly ' journalist to Mexico -- American authorities reportedly refused an Air France flight from Paris to Mexico entry into US airspace because a left - wing journalist writing a book on the CIA was on board .
29 Apr 2009 Hernando Calvo Ospina , who works for Le Monde Diplomatique and has written on revolutionary movements in Cuba and Colombia , figured on the US authorities ' " no - fly list " .
Air France said the April 18 flight was forced to divert to the French Caribbean island of Martinique before continuing its journey and that it might ask the US Transportation Security Administration for compensation .
A spokesman for Mr Ospina 's French publisher , Le Temps des Cerises , said : " Hernando , who was heading to Nicaragua to research a report , thus found out that he is on a ' no - fly list ' that bans a number of people from flying to or even over the United States . "
Some 50,000 people are said to be on the list set up under George W. Bush , the former US president [ sic ] .
The publisher accused the Central Intelligence Agency of being behind Mr Ospina 's blacklisting , pointing out that the journalist was currently researching a book about the spy agency .
" It shows to what degree its paranoia ( has reached ) , " it said .
' I was trying to search his body for any explosives .
'
Passenger says he helped thwart terror attack 27 Dec 2009 Passenger Jasper Schuringa told CNN that with the aid of the cabin crew , he helped subdue and isolate Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who was charged Saturday with trying to destroy a plane .
Schuringa of Amsterdam , Netherlands , said he was traveling to Florida to visit friends .
The journey aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 had been mundane , he said .
But as the plane neared its destination of Detroit , Michigan , he heard a pop that sounded like a firecracker going off , and someone started yelling : " Fire ! Fire ! "
Then , there was smoke .
" Around 30 seconds later the smoke started to fill up on the left side beneath this person , " he said .
That 's when Schuringa said he knew something was wrong .
" I basically reacted directly .
I did n't think .
When you hear a pop on the plane you 're awake , trust me , " Schuringa said .
When he noticed that Abdulmutallab was not moving , he grew suspicious .
" I was on the right side of the plane and the suspect was on the left side , there were quite some seats in between . "
He jumped over the passenger next to him and lunged over Abdulmutallab 's seat , " Because I was thinking he 's trying to blow up the plane , and I was trying to search his body for any explosives . "
Airports intensify security measures worldwide in wake of failed bomb attack aboard U.S. - bound jetliner -- Terror suspect charged in jetliner bomb plot 26 Dec 2009 Federal authorities have charged Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab , of Nigeria , with attempting to destroy Northwest flight 253 with a " destructive device " as it descended into Detroit on Christmas Day .
In a case of attempted terrorism that has sparked a worldwide intensification of security at airports , U.S. officials said Saturday afternoon that a preliminary FBI analysis found a bomb - making chemical called PETN in the device Abdulmutallab tried to detonate .
The affidavit , filed in the Eastern District of Michigan , also said FBI agents discovered the remnant of a syringe near the suspect 's seat , part of what the agents believe was part of the explosive device .
Investigators : Northwest Bomb Plot Planned by al - Qaeda in Yemen -- Officials Say Bomb Materials Sewn Into Suspect 's Underwear by Top Terror Bomb Maker 26 Dec 2009
The plot to blow up an American passenger jet over Detroit was organized and launched by al - Qaeda [ al - CIAduh ] leaders in Yemen who apparently sewed bomb materials into the suspect 's underwear before sending him on his mission , federal authorities tell ABC News .
Investigators say the suspect had more than 80 grams of PETN , a compound related to nitro - glycerin used by the military .
The so - called shoe bomber , Richard Reid , had only about 50 grams kin his failed attempt in 2001 to blow up a U.S. - bound jet .
Yemen is focus of new US front against al Qaeda -- The Pentagon is to spend more than $ 70 million over the next 18 months , and use teams of Special Forces to train and equip Yemeni military , Interior Ministry and coast guard forces .
28 Dec 2009
The United States has quietly opened a third , largely covert front against the Al - Qaeda terror network in Yemen , accoding to The New York Times newspaper .
A year ago , the Central Intelligence Agency sent a number of its top field operatives with counter - terrorism experience to the country , the newspaper said .
At the same time , some of the most secretive special operations commandos have begun training Yemeni security forces in counter - terrorism tactics , the report said .
Officials Point to Suspect ’s Claim of Qaeda Ties in Yemen 27 Dec 2009 Federal authorities on Saturday charged a 23 - year - old Nigerian man with trying to blow up a Detroit - bound airliner on Christmas Day , and officials said the suspect told them he had obtained explosive chemicals and a syringe that were sewn into his underwear from a bomb expert in Yemen associated with Al Qaeda [ al - CIAduh ] .
The authorities have not independently corroborated the Yemen connection claimed by the man , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who was burned in his failed attempt to bring down the airliner and is in a hospital in Michigan .
But a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation said on Saturday that the suspect ’s account was “ plausible , ” and that he saw “ no reason to discount it . ”
US bombs Sa'ada governor 's house , Houthis say 27 Dec 2009 A US fighter jet has carried out multiple airstrikes on the home of a senior official in Yemen 's northern rugged province of Sa'ada , Houthi fighters say .
The Yemen - based Houthi fighters say the warplane struck the home owned by the governor of Sa'ada province , Hassan Mohammad Manna in five blitzes .
There were no reports on possible casualties in the attacks .
Yemen confirms receiving US military support 27 Dec 2009
The Yemeni national security chief has declared that the country is receiving assistance from the US in the crackdown on what he called ' al - Qaeda operatives ' in southern Yemen .
Mohamed al - Anisi has told the Saudi Arabian newspaper Okaz that Yemeni forces were cooperating with the US military on attacks against al - Qaeda camps , DPA reported on Saturday .
Yemen 's confirmation comes as an ABC report revealed that US President Barack Obama had signed the order for a recent military strike on Yemen in which scores of civilians , including children , were killed .
Yemen oil min- oil majors mull investments - paper 21 Feb 2009 Yemen has received investment offers from oil majors including Exxon Mobil Corp and Total , Oil Minister Amir al - Aidarous said in remarks published on Saturday .
Yemen 's Ministry for Oil and Mineral Resources has received eight oil investment bids from international companies , pan -Arab daily al - Hayat quoted Aidarous as saying , four of which were from oil majors seeking direct negotiations with Yemen .
The companies include Exxon Mobil , Total , and BP , the minister said , but did not elaborate on the nature of the investments .
Other companies that made bids included Austrian oil and gas group OMV , Nexen , and Occidental , he said .
House Delays Patriot Act Spy Vote By David Kravets 16 Dec 2009
The House of Representatives tabled on Wednesday legislation to reform U.S. surveillance law .
The two - month delay puts off a collision with a competing Senate version .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi declined to include a vote on the Patriot Act in a Pentagon funding bill .
The move automatically extends provisions of the Patriot Act that would otherwise expire at year ’s end .
The Senate is likewise expected to delay the matter .
The act , hastily adopted six weeks after the 2001 terror attacks , greatly expanded the government ’s ability to spy on Americans in the name of national security .
A key difference between the House and Senate packages concerns the standard by which the FBI may issue so - called National Security Letters -- although Wednesday ’s vote prolongs the time for more backroom negotiations .
Reforming NSL powers is a key bone of contention in the Patriot Act debate , even though it is not one of the three Patriot Act provisions that was scheduled to expire Dec. 31 .
Police lose battle over evidence of ' British 9/11 ' plot -- Scotland Yard must reveal whether it had CIA intelligence 26 Dec 2009 Scotland Yard has been ordered to reveal whether it has any evidence to support America ’s claim that Britain was saved from a 9/11 - style disaster by the CIA ’s secret foreign interrogation centres .
The Times has won a case under the Freedom of Information Act forcing British police to say whether the US stopped a plot to fly planes into Canary Wharf and Heathrow .
The claim was made by President [ sic ]
Bush when he first acknowledged the existence of a clandestine CIA prison network created to fight his War on of Terror .
Scotland Yard has been given 35 days to comply or appeal .
If it admits that there is no such intelligence , it would undermine any political defence for America ’s strong - arm tactics in fighting terrorism .
BTW , I hope the FAA enjoyed this page as much as the DHS and the Navy Network Information Center did , etc .
204.108.0.11 - - [ 28/Dec/2009:21:45:49 -0500 ]
" GET /northwest_bomb_plot_oddities.html HTTP/1.1 " 200 32177 " http://www.[redacted].com / "
" Mozilla / 4.0 ( compatible ; MSIE 6.0 ; Windows NT 5.1 ; SV1 ; GTB5 ; .NET CLR 1.1.4322 ; .NET CLR 2.0.50727 ; .NET CLR 3.0.4506.2152 ; .NET CLR 3.5.30729 ) "
204.248.24.163 - - [ 28/Dec/2009:14:20:06 -0500 ]
" GET /northwest_bomb_plot_oddities.html HTTP/1.1 " 200 10170 " http://www.[redacted].com / "
" Mozilla / 4.0 ( compatible ; MSIE 7.0 ; Windows NT 5.1 ; DHSI60SP1001 ; .NET CLR 2.0.50727 ; InfoPath.1 ; .NET CLR 3.0.04506.30 ; DHSI70 ; DHSI70 ) "
138.162.8.57 - - [ 28/Dec/2009:07:24:51 -0500 ]
" GET /northwest_bomb_plot_oddities.html HTTP/1.1 " 200 31220 " http://www.[redacted].com / "
" Mozilla / 4.0 ( compatible ; MSIE 6.0 ; Windows NT 5.1 ; SV1 ; .NET CLR 1.1.4322 ; .NET CLR 2.0.50727 ; InfoPath.1 ; .NET CLR 3.0.04506.648 ; .NET CLR 3.5.21022 ) "
Oh yeah .
And treas.gov , the DoD Network Information Center and tons of other .govs and .mils .
199.196.144.11 - - [ 30/Dec/2009:16:48:32 -0500 ]
" GET / graphics/logosmalr.gif HTTP/1.1 " 200 5526 " http://www.legitgov.org/northwest_bomb_plot_oddities.html "
" Mozilla / 4.0 ( compatible ; MSIE 7.0 ; Windows NT 5.1 ; GTB6.3 ; .NET CLR 1.1.4322 ; .NET CLR 2.0.50727 ; .NET CLR 3.0.4506.2152 ; .NET CLR 3.5.30729 ) "
63.167.255.151 - - [ 28/Dec/2009:10:51:19 -0500 ]
" GET /northwest_bomb_plot_oddities.html HTTP/1.1 " 200 31220 " http://www.[redacted]com / "
" Mozilla / 4.0 ( compatible ; MSIE 6.0 ; Windows NT 5.1 ; SV1 ; .NET CLR 2.0.50727 ; InfoPath.1 ) " ...etc .
Happy New Year to all !
( No update here ! ) To prevent update side effect again .
I 've branch new version to another application .
Pls search " Screen Mode Widget Lite " or " Screen Mode Widget Pro " .
I will keep this old version here if you meet problem .
Updates there are :
1.add key protect function .
( You can just press Power key to unlock )
2.change wording .
i Phone related for ScreenModeWidget
ScreenModeWidget was developed for Android by Sam Chiu
Package name : com.ooha.awakewidget
System permissions : 4
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission .WRITE_SETTINGS
android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD
android.permission .WAKE_LOCK
android.permission.DEVICE_POWER
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : System permissions :
Screenshot (s ) available for ScreenModeWidget
Availables reviews for ScreenModeWidget
Discussion(s ) about ScreenModeWidget in our forum
Comments and Ratings for ScreenModeWidget
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
When it comes to making fun of airline employees , pilots are usually off limits .
Screw with a flight attendant , and you may not get your drink , screw with the TSA , and you may end up missing your flight .
But screwing around with a pilot just does n’t feel right .
In the past couple of days , some pilots have shown that they really are human , and that they screw up just like the rest of us .
So this justifies a lineup of some of the most stupid pilots out there .
1. Pilot drops his pants – asks checkpoint staff to “ search this ”
Look – we all hate the checkpoint , and I ’m sure that pilots hate it even more , as they probably encounter more checkpoints than most of us ever will .
But when security staff annoy you , pulling your pants and underpants down and demanding the staff “ check this ” is probably not a very good idea .
2. Whoops – missed the airport by 150 miles
This one will stay in our minds for quite some time .
Two Northwest Airlines pilots overshot the Minneapolis airport by 150 miles .
Ignoring all radio contact and text messages from their dispatcher , these guys were “ distracted ” when they failed to notice they were miles away from their original destination .
As you can see in the photo above ( which is the actual track from FlightAware.com ) , when they realized their error , they turned the plane around and headed back towards MSP .
The two are now without a pilots license , and I personally would n’t even trust them to drive a bus , let alone a passenger jet .
3 . He almost got away with what he got away with
Argentine pilot Juan Alberto Poch had a fantastic job – he flew for Dutch carrier Transavia , doing short flights all around Europe .
He ’d flown his whole life , and was taking his final flight in the pilots seat , one day before retirement .
This really was a dream job for him , because Mr. Poch had a bit of a sinister past .
During the Argentine dirty war , he was responsible for flying planes over the ocean and dumping innocent people out the back door , in an attempt to make them disappear .
On his very last flight , officials arrested him and made preparations for deporting him back to Argentina where he ’ll face charges of mass murder .
4 . When in doubt , blame the strong German beer
American Airlines pilot Joseph Crites was caught by the breathalyzer at Heathrow airport right before he was scheduled to fly a plane to Chicago .
The test showed he was more than 4 times over the legal limit , and he was removed from the plane and arrested .
Apparently , every single person in the world knows that German beer is good strong stuff .
Except for Mr. Crites .
5 . Drunken flight attendant sex does not end well
When charges against you include indecent exposure , open lewdness , public drunkenness , loitering and prowling at night and disorderly conduct you just know it had to have been one hell of a party .
And when the party involves a drunk and naked pilot walking through the woods , you know it is n’t going to end well .
The pilot works / worked for Pinnacle airlines , and he claimed he had walked into the woods with a flight attendant for a little drunken sex .
He was not on duty at the time , but the rules are very simple – 8 hours between bottle and throttle .
6. Passengers spot drunk pilot – demand a sober one
If your pilot sounds drunk when he makes his pre-flight announcement , I ’d say it is pretty logical for you to demand a sober one .
Aeroflot does not really agree with this , and even though the passenger protests eventually forced authorities to seek a sober flight crew , the airline actually issued a statement claiming that being drunk up front is n’t much of an issue , because “ the plane basically flies itself ” .
7 . Another pilot caught red handed
It takes a pretty dumb pilot to even consider flying when drunk , but it takes a special level of stupid to head to the airport when drunk , get caught , then jump into the bathroom to change into your regular clothes while calling your airline claiming you are sick .
This all happened at Port Columbus airport back in January .
8 . A stupid mistake with a very lucky ending
October 2009 was a bad month for Delta Airlines – first one of their Northwest planes missed the airport , then one of their own jets landed at Atlanta airport on the taxiway .
Read that again – these pilots actually landed on a part of the airport where they could have potentially plowed right through another aircraft , or even an airport vehicle .
Apparently one of the crew members was ill , and in the confusion , they screwed up .
Thankfully nobody was injured as the taxiway was empty at the time .
9 . What is this airport thing you speak of ?
I ’m by no means a pilot , but I am pretty sure that one of the things on your checklist is actually knowing w
here you are heading when you throttle up the engines .
Sadly , the pilot of a KLM flight back in 2007 failed that .
The plane was on its way to Shamshabad , the new airport for Hyderabad in India .
Apparently nobody at the airline had told them about this new airport , and when air traffic controllers told them to head towards Shamshabad , they replied “ what is Shamshabad ? ” .
The crew then decided it would be much easier to just divert to Mumbai , causing a 1500 mile diversion .
In their defense , the airline is probably more to blame than the pilots , as they are responsible for issuing the “ notam ” alerting pilots to new airports , as well as updating flight computers and maps .
10 .
Potty mouth pilot thrown off his own plane
First class passengers on a Northwest Airlines flight were treated to quite a show when their pilot stepped aboard swearing away on his phone .
His “ F this , F that ” tirade was enough for the passengers to demand a new pilot .
I ’ve actually encountered something similar – I was flying Cathay Pacific “ up front ” when two deadheading pilots got on board and talked loudly behind me about the “ f’ing airline management ” and how they hated the company .
I politely requested them to shut the hell up .
When the purser asked about the incident , they were both removed from the plane .
In January 1985 , the phone rang .
The caller announced that he was Orson Welles and that he wanted to have lunch with me .
Thus began one of the most extraordinary and bittersweet adventures of my life .
Advertisement
Sometimes the journeys we take through this life begin and end in the most unexpected ways .
My encounter with Welles in the last days of his life centered on a common interest : Sony 's new one - piece camcorder , the Betacam .
It had just come to market and Welles , always the genius filmmaker , had big ideas for what he could do with one .
With Welles there were no limits .
" You can't do that " was n't in his vocabulary .
This was a short , but very passionate story .
At the time I was running Television Matrix , a small video production facility in the Sunset - Gower Studios in Hollywood .
I had been in California only a short time , having moved from Miami the previous summer .
I had started in video production in 1975 and had been shooting mostly news for the networks throughout Latin America .
Business was good because the networks were switching from film to tape in this period and they were short of video crews .
In late 1982 , I purchased something totally new — one of the first Sony Betacams delivered in the United States .
Advertisement
Beta Goes To Hollywood
One of our clients in Miami had been Entertainment Tonight .
During a lull in a location shoot with Robin Leach , then an ET correspondent , I 'd shown him the new Betacam .
Leach had been offered a chance to do his own television show , but could find no one in the mid-1980s who could bring in a one - hour episode for his very low budget of $ 100,000 .
The Betacam , Leach thought , might be the answer .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" Could this work ? " he asked me at the time .
" Maybe , " I responded .
Only the Sony Betacam camcorder — the first one - piece camera and recorder ever made — and a standalone player existed .
To edit , one would need to connect the player to another format to finish the work .
That would mean integration with a one - inch Type C format system .
Leach made me an offer .
If I could figure out how to make all the technology work , he would move me and my crews to LA to do the production on his new reality show .
That motivated me to call Charles Felder , then the president of the tiny Sony Broadcast office in New York .
My timing could n't have been better .
It turns out that Sony had the same thoughts about how to extend the Betacam and I had brought them the right project at the right moment .
In a flash , we made a deal .
In exchange for a small financial investment on my part , Sony would build an experimental facility in LA .
They would make it a " first " that they 'd advertise and show to others in Hollywood .
Advertisement
The Hottest Video Editing Suite in Town
The prospects were exciting for everyone .
An elated Robin Leach began to plan for the new show , and I , along with several freelance crew members that I had worked with , moved to Los Angeles in the summer of 1984 .
One of the reasons we picked the Sunset - Gower lot ( the old Columbia Pictures Studios ) was it housed the broadcast center for the 1984 Olympics in LA that summer .
When the Olympics ended , the networks would have a huge fire sale of their used broadcast equipment on the same lot .
I had targeted the pieces we needed in advance , bought the gear , and moved it to our new edit bay days after the games ended .
Advertisement
We were lucky enough to hire Jim Fancher , now chief science officer at Technicolor in Hollywood , to build the facility .
He was far more than a brilliant engineer .
As a hands - on " can do " guy , he was also a natural - born negotiator who could coordinate the different technical approaches of companies whose gear would not work together .
I will always picture Jim lying on his back under a rack of gear talking with tech support at some company about why their product would n't work .
Somehow , thanks to Jim , it all came together on time and on budget .
By fall , we were ready .
The show , now called Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous , went on the air .
To be honest , I thought it was dumb idea that would last for one season if we were lucky .
All I really cared about was that we had moved to Los Angeles and that Leach had paid for everything .
I was ready for whatever came next .
I can honestly say it was one of the great shocks of my life when the show became a major hit .
I was totally unready for it .
Advertisement
We had built the first interformat edit bay in the nation ( Betacam to one - inch ) , and Lifestyles was the first major magazine show to be shot using the new format .
We had made history .
The cost of television production had come down — way down .
At least by half .
Word spread fast and we were running facility tours in no time .
Sony even hired Milton Berle to do a two - page ad for the facility and the technology concept behind it .
Advertisement
Enter Orson
A freelance editor for our show , Paul Hunt , also did some sound work for the legendary actor / director / producer / genius Orson Welles .
He told Welles about our Betacam facility , now running almost around the clock , and from that moment on the great man 's insatiable curiosity about every new sound and imaging technology took over .
Welles wanted to meet me , and thus came a lunch invitation many film buffs would have died for .
Advertisement
To be honest , I knew very little about Welles .
I had majored in television and radio at the University of South Carolina in the 1960s and it was hard to escape the many contributions Welles made to the broadcast and film industries .
From audio special effects to remarkable moving dolly shots , Welles was a genius of the first order .
But outside of having seen Citizen Kane , I did n't know the details of his career nor did I pretend to .
Our first lunch at Welles ' favorite haunt , Ma Maison , was a roaring success .
For reasons I still do n't fully understand , we hit it off .
Welles was curious about all things video , especially the Betacam , a device he envisioned to be an Arriflex camera that did n't need film .
As our first meeting continued , Welles ' small dog , who was seated at the table next to me , kept nipping at my leg .
It was annoying , but I did n't dare take a swat at Orson Welles ' beloved dog !
Advertisement
That lunch led to many others throughout 1985 .
In the earlier days of our relationship , he tested me in strange ways .
One night , after midnight , Orson ( he insisted that everyone call him Orson ) called to ask for help in solving a sound problem he claimed to be having .
He was recording and editing some narration on his Nagra tape recorder in his bedroom in the hills above Hollywood Blvd .
" Frank , after I do a splice with a razor blade , I get a bump in the sound when I play back the tape .
What should I do ? " he asked .
This was a very strange question from the man who had practically invented modern sound recording .
He had scared the nation with War of the Worlds and was asking me such a basic question about audio editing .
Though half asleep , I knew he had to know the answer and instantly recognized it as some sort of test .
Advertisement
" Orson , your razor blade is magnetized .
Get another one , " I answered .
" Oh , OK , " he responded , apologizing for waking me and then promptly said goodbye .
I went back to sleep and never heard of the issue again .
" Call Sony . Make It Work ! "
As he learned more about video camcorders and nonlinear editing , Orson became determined to do a video project of his own .
We visited New England Digital for a demo of nonlinear sound editing on the Synclavier .
As for video , Orson was n't content with just renting a Montage , one of the first non-linear video editors .
He wanted his own , and he wanted it to sit next to his flatbed film editor at home .
Advertisement
As the talk turned to money ( it always did in Orson 's case ) , I offered to contribute video facilities and help him raise money for a one - man show to be called Orson Welles Solo .
The production would be a retrospective of Orson 's favorite theatrical material along with a big dose of magic — both new tricks and archival footage from Orson 's glory days as a working magician .
Our facility was already booked around the clock , but it did n't stop me from promising Orson anything he wanted .
Through a long and convoluted series of events ( and with the help of the late Paul Rothchild , producer of The Doors , the Paul Butterfield Blues Band and Janis Joplin ) , the money was raised and the production was set to begin .
Now Orson focused on how he'd use the two Betacams we 'd secured to shoot the show .
Advertisement
Just as he had accepted no conventional technical limitations when he made Citizen Kane in 1940 , Orson approached video in the same unrelenting way .
In 1985 , Betacams had Saticon tubes — not CCD sensors — and their ability to sync to one another via time code was , to put it mildly , a bit crude .
Orson did n't care .
He demanded that the handheld Betacams float around the set wirelessly and always be in perfect sync .
He also directed that we shoot directly into bright lights and he did n't want to hear about any problems with lag .
" Call Sony and tell them to make it work , " Orson demanded , slamming his fist on a table at one point .
" Do n't ever tell me ' No . ' "
I called Sony , and Sony responded by sending two expert engineers to help Orson push the video envelope on the project .
Advertisement
The day before the shoot was to begin in November , 1985 , the Betacams were tweaked to the max .
The jury - rigs — and there were a lot of them — were tested and re-tested .
Every engineer and crew member that was to be in Orson 's field of view was told that the words " you ca n't do that " were to be stricken from their vocabulary .
With this project , I demanded , we will find a way to do any and everything Orson wants to do .
All the old excuses about the limits of video will be left at the front door .
On the Evening Before the Big Shoot
As technical preparations for the shoot continued , Orson taped an appearance in the late afternoon on Merv Griffin 's syndicated talk show .
Normally , Orson disdained conversations about his past .
He 'd always say he wanted to talk about the future , not " go down memory lane . "
But , uncharacteristically , he did go down memory lane that afternoon with his old friend , Merv. Orson charmed the audience , both with stories and card tricks .
Advertisement
After the show , Orson had dinner at Ma Maison and then headed home to finish writing the script for our first taping , now only hours away .
Our first day of shooting was to be in auditorium on the UCLA campus .
Orson would call when he was ready for us to go to the location .
The next morning , as I awaited those instructions from Orson in my office , the phone rang .
It was Paul Rothchild .
Advertisement
" Did you hear the news , " he asked gently .
" What news ? " I replied .
" Orson Welles is dead . "
Orson had died of a heart attack during the night .
He was found slumped over his typewriter , working on our script .
Minutes later , a Welles assistant called and said bluntly : " Frank , the project has been canceled . "
Advertisement
Welles ' Legacy and Love of New Technology
I drove home — numb and unable to function .
After the initial days of despair , my incredible year working with Orson Welles took on a new dimension .
A new journey would begin .
Those same Betacams were used to record Orson 's memorial service a few weeks later and that event , in turn , introduced me to the remarkable men and women who had been associated with Welles from his days with the Mercury Theater .
The film critic Leonard Maltin and I did a documentary with these fascinating people , and I later produced , with Mercury Theater actor Richard Wilson , a retrospective of Orson 's best radio work from his personal tape collection .
Advertisement
A couple of weeks after Orson 's death , his cinematographer , the late Gary Graver , came by my office for a visit .
Gary said something I will never forget .
" I 've been driving around for two weeks with Orson 's ashes in the truck of my car , " he said , matter of factly .
Advertisement
" What ? " I responded , quickly envisioning a fender bender with the Hollywood legend 's ashes being scattered across an LA freeway .
" I 'm not going to take them into my house , " Graver said , almost fearing the prospect .
" What should I do ? "
Advertisement
I thought for a minute , looked a Graver , and said , " I do n't know . "
Some months later , Welles ' ashes were buried in Ronda , Spain , on the property of a longtime friend , retired bullfighter Antonio Ordóñez .
The demise of our video project left me yearning to do some kind of major Welles project to fill the void .
As I reviewed our time together , I recalled an extraordinary story that Welles had taken nearly two hours to tell me on a leisurely Saturday afternoon a few months earlier .
It was about the events surrounding his production of Marc Blitzstein 's musical , The Cradle Will Rock , in 1937 .
It was , Welles told me , the only time in U.S. history that the military was sent out to shut down a Broadway play .
He wanted to make a movie about it , but had failed to raise the money .
Advertisement
That was it .
I would try to get the film made .
It took the support of many of Welles ' original Mercury colleagues — including the late actor / producer John Houseman — and a lot of crazy investors to keep the project alive over the years .
Most importantly , it took Tim Robbins , who recognized the power of the story early on and spent most of 1990s writing and directing the film that eventually came to the screen .
Houseman once said that it 's rare in this life to be touched by real genius .
Welles , said Houseman , was the real thing — perhaps the only real genius he 'd ever known .
Now , I understand what he meant .
Welles , long before most filmmakers , saw the powerful potential of small format video .
Yet , he was perhaps 20 years too early to enjoy the real fruits of the video revolution in his own work .
Advertisement
Whenever I see a tiny new camcorder introduced , or see Apple upgrade a revolutionary application like iMovie , I think of Orson .
Oh , how excited he'd be .
The pure magic of it all !
If he were alive today , he'd be making his movies without regard to raising huge amounts of money .
That , for both Orson and his audience , would be an achievement that we 'll never be able to enjoy .
Frank Beacham is a New York City - based independent writer at www.beachamjournal.com.
Beacham was executive producer of the 1999 Touchstone Films release of Tim Robbins film , Cradle Will Rock .
He and George Demas have written Maverick , a new play based on the events described in this story .
Advertisement
Top CC image from Scary Cow / Flickr ; shot of Orson with camera from MovieMail , which sells the brilliant latter - day Welles documentary F for Fake .
Sometimes , “ reinventing the wheel ” is n’t a bad idea at all .
Is it always useful ?
Well , that ’s up for debate .
Regardless , since its invention in ancient Mesopotamia no other invention has had the profound influence on humanity that the wheel has , and as such , it ’s no surprise that it has been featured in countless inventions since then – some of them genius , some of them just plain bizarre .
The Conference Bike
Are you someone who adores tricycles but wished you could bring friends along for the ride ?
Inventor Eric Staller souped up the classic trike design by adding six additional seats .
One person steers , and everyone can pedal ( or not ) , cruising along at a leisurely pace .
Though conference bikes are rare , they can be spotted at tourist destinations , conferences , and theme parks .
Or , if you ’ve got a spare $ 12,000 on hand , you can purchase one of your own .
Maybe you ’d like to see some Weird and Odd Bicycles too ?
Link
Boeing 727 Limousine
In 2004 , the Guadalajara , Mexico - based Limousines de Guadalajara Vaca Meters converted a Boeing 727 jet into a luxury limousine .
For approximately $ 1000 US , you and up to 40 of your closets friends can take a three - hour ride , reaching speeds of up to 124 miles per hour .
Inside the limo is as unique as outside – it comes equipped with a dance floor with strobe lights , a television , and even a private corner in the back for couples to get romantic .
Link
The Couch
At some point , someone apparently decided that they wanted to leave home without leaving the couch .
The result was the first couch car , and since its inception dozens more have shown up , many of them street legal .
These are seen at “ art car ” shows more often than on the street , but more exist than you ’d think , as a cursory YouTube search will prove .
Link
Monowheel
The monowheel ( sometimes called a uniwheel ) is a vehicle in which the rider sits inside one massive wheel .
While modern versions resemble machines straight out of science fiction , pedal - powered models were showing up as early as the 19th century , and for a brief time it seemed they might become serious modes of transportation as opposed to the novelty they are now .
As might be expected , there are some serious safety issues resulting from traveling unprotected at high speeds inside a giant wheel , the most entertaining being “ gerbiling ” : the tendency of riders to be sent spinning wildly on the inside of the wheel from braking or accelerating too hard .
Link
The Monster Motorbike From Hell
The cleverly named “ Monster Motorbike From Hell ” was designed by stuntman Ray Baumman , and weighs in at 13 tons , about 9 times heavier than an average family car .
To prove just how much bigger than a can the bike was , its first task was to casually flatten one .
It performed admirably .
Link
The “ Duck ” Bus
Duck busses ( usually simply called “ Ducks ” ) are amphibious tour busses that are becoming increasingly more common in waterfront cities .
Novelty aside , they ’re a way for tour companies to combine both riverboat tours and city - street tours – when it ’s time to hit the river , the bus simply drives off of the road and into the water .
There are as many variations on the design as there are tour companies operating Ducks , but they all have the name in common .
Link
The Bar Stool Racer
Bar Stool Racers are a cult phenomenon with a simple idea at their core : that a bar stool mounted on a minimal frame with a small engine is enough to get you where you need to go .
Entire internet communities and real - world clubs are devoted to constructing them , often using a lawn mower as a base .
Link
Flying Cars
Flying cars , like the monowheel , are another science fiction cliché that has actually seen the light of day .
Flying cars are n’t as uncommon as you might assume , even though none are practical enough for mass use ( yet ) .
For years , manufacturers and private individuals have built prototype flying cars ( or “ roadable aircraft ” ) , from outlandish attempts at UFO clones to vertically - landing jets with wheels .
Link
Robotic Body Scooper
Robokiyu the Rescue Robot was initially designed by the Japanese to remove rubble and help extract trapped victim during earthquakes and other natural disasters .
The Robokiyu design proved to be little help in that department , but it did prove to have an exceptional talent in one morbid task : removing corpses from disaster zones .
Robokiyu ’s primary purpose shifted from rescue to salvage , and now it quite literally eats corpses , drawing them up a chute and in through the hole in its front .
Link
The Krupp Earth Mover
That ’s right , this monster has wheels .
Crawlers , but wheels nonetheless .
When German engineers at Krupp constructed this miraculously huge excavation device , they decided it would be more practical to make it mobile than to deal with the problem of transporting it .
It weighs over 45,500 tons and cost $ 100 million to construct .
Link
Written by Christopher Moyer – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
The epic battle me against ActionMailer has finally come to an end and I 'm quite satisfied with the final result .
Have you ever tried to generate URLs within an ActionMailer template ?
If you did at least once , then you are probably familiar with the following error :
ActionView :: TemplateError ( Missing host to link to !
Please provide : host parameter or set default_url_options [ : host ] )
This happens because ActionMailer instance does n't have any context about the incoming request so you 'll need to provide the : host , : controller , and :action : .
If you use a named route , ActionPack provides controller and action names for you .
Otherwise , with the url_for helper you need to pass all the parameters .
< %= message_url %> <%= url_for : controller => " messages " , :action => " index " %>
Regardless your choice , you always need to provide the host option to generate an URL in ActionMailer .
As shown by the ActionMailer guide , you basically have two ways to pass the host value to ActionMailer :
set a global value pass the option each time you generate an URL
This works for almost the most part of basic Rails applications but never really worked for me .
Scenario
You have a medium complex Rails application and you need to send emails in different environments including development , staging and production .
Each environment is usually hosted on a specific domain :
development environment runs on localhost
environment runs on staging environment runs on staging.example.com
environment runs on production environment runs on example.com
A single application instance serves different languages .
Each language is hosted on a specific subdomain .
So , for example
www.example.com ( English )
it.example.com ( Italian )
fr.example.com ( French )
Of course , each environment follows the same conventions .
This is the staging environment
www.staging.example.com ( English )
it.staging.example.com ( Italian )
fr.staging.example.com ( French )
And here 's the development environment .
In this case , the locale is passed via querystring instead of using a subdomain .
localhost ?locale=en ( English )
localhost?locale=it ( Italian )
localhost ?locale=fr ( French )
The locale detection system is quite complex but I 'm not going to show it here .
It does n't play a key role in this article .
Problem
As you can guess , none of the solutions mentioned in the guide work for this scenario .
The problem here is that I can't provide a default option because the host vary depending on external variables .
Also , I do n't want to manually pass the host option each time I generate an URL because it would require to pass the request object as email argument each time .
I tried at least 5 different solutions in the past but , unfortunately , each of them has some problem .
The " almost perfect one " was to store the request object as an ApplicationController class variable each time a visitor requested a page , unfortunately this solution did n't work in a multithreaded environment .
The same issue affect an other similar solution based on Ruby global variables .
Solution
The final solution I worked on is now available as a plugin .
I have n't written any test yet because I just extracted it from a real world application .
The plugin provides the following features :
It 's thread - safe Makes the request context available to action mailer Automatically extracts request host and port and pass them as default_url_options
Works with other existing default_url_options
If you just need it , install the plugin and enjoy the power of Rails .
ruby script / plugin install git://github.com/weppos/actionmailer_with_request.git
If you want to know something more about how it works , continue to read .
The idea behind the plugin is to store the request instance somewhere and then access it from ActionMailer .
The first part of the problem is quite simple .
The only thread - safe place where the instance can be saved is the current thread itself .
This is almost straightforward , you just need to append a new before_filter at the lowest - level of your application , that is ApplicationController .
module Controller Mixin def self .
included ( base ) base .
class_eval do before_filter : store_request end end def store_request
Thread .
current [ : request ] = request end end
The second part of the problem is this quite complex because :
ActionMailer :: Base .default_url_options is expected to be a Hash and it's automatically initialized to an empty Hash ActionMailer : : Base .
default_url_options is a class variable and is shared across the entire application .
You need a way to convert Hash value into a runtime - evaluated expression .
Of course a lambda would be perfect , but ActionMailer : : Base.default_url_options can't be a lambda !
For this reason I created an options proxy taking advantage of Ruby duck typing .
default_url_options does n't necessary need to be a Hash , in order to work it just need to acts like a Hash .
The OptionsProxy class is basically a proxy for a Hash instance .
The only different between the Hash class and Options Proxy is that the latter merges some default values to the base Hash each time on each method call .
Where do these default values come from ?
But from the Options Proxy . defaults labmda , of course !
Ok , let me show you an example .
hash = { : foo => " 1 " } hash .
keys # => [ : foo ] hash = OptionsProxy . new ( { : foo => " 1 " }) OptionsProxy .
defaults = lambda {
Hash .
new } hash .
keys # => [ : foo ]
OptionsProxy .
defaults = lambda { Hash . new ( : bar => 2 ) } hash .
keys # => [ : foo , : bar ]
Now let 's go back to our Rails application .
Each time a method is called on the Options Proxy instance , Options Proxy automatically merges the result of Options Proxy .
defaults and finally executes the method on the resulting Hash .
Because OptionsProxy .defaults is evaluated at runtime , you can access the current thread and read extract the default url options from the request context .
class OptionsProxy mattr_accessor : defaults self .
defaults = lambda do host =
Thread .
current [ : request ]. try ( : host ) || " www.example.com " port = Thread .
current [ : request ]. try ( : port ) || 80 returning ( {} ) do | params | params [ : host ] = host params [ : port ] = port if port != 80 end end def initialize ( params = { } ) @params = params end def method_missing ( name , * args , & block ) @params .
merge ( defaults .
call ) . send ( name , * args , & block ) end end
The last step is as easy as drinking a glass of water .
You need to replace the ActionMailer : : Base.default_url_options
Hash with an Options Proxy instance .
This can be done in any Rails environment file , but because I wanted the plugin to be atomic I decided to let the plugin inject itself into ActionMailer .
module MailerMonkeyPatch def self .
included ( base ) base .
default_url_options = ActionMailerWithRequest :: OptionsProxy . new ( base .
default_url_options ) end end
The final result is available here .
Feel free to post here your feedback .
Patches welcome .
BEIJING --
The head of China 's biggest property developer warned that real - estate bubbles in some of China 's biggest cities could spread elsewhere in the country , with potentially damaging consequences for the market .
In an interview , Wang Shi , chairman of China Vanke Co. , said government stimulus measures enacted a year ago to keep China 's economy from being sucked into the global recession have helped to cause a fundamental turnaround in a property market that was severely ailing before the global financial crisis hit .
...
“ Dear Pete , Please accept my sincerest of thank yous for all that you have done for me regarding my case .
I truly admire your skills as a brilliant attorney .
You are the most talented that I have come in contact with .
I truly feel that you have represented my case outstandingly .
I feel blessed to have gotten to know you .
You held a special place in my heart as a caring , personal and most charismatic individual . ”
- Past Client , Rose
This week ’s Newsweek cover story , which details all the ways that Sarah Palin is “ bad for the GOP — - and for everybody else , ” is accompanied by a compelling stock photo : Palin striking a sassy pose in a pair of well - fitting shorts , courtesy of the former Alaska Governor ’s August Runner ’s World photo shoot ( thanks to thinkpinkradio for the tip ) .
How condescending is this photo ?
It ’s not the fabled ( and fake ) American - flag - wearin ’ , gun -totin ’ bikini photo that surfaced on the Internet shortly after Palin reached national fame , but it ’s about as close as Newsweek could get to the real thing .
I am generally in agreement with Palin supporters when they accuse the media of hurling sexism toward the former Governor .
David Letterman ‘s joke about Palin ’s underage daughter fucking Alex Rodriguez ?
Inappropriate .
Ridiculing Bristol Palin for getting knocked up , while laughing it up with Levi ? Sexist .
And I tend to agree with Palin ’s response here , too : Yesterday , Palin took to Facebook to denounce the cover ’s sexism .
“ The out - of - context Newsweek approach is sexist and oh - so - expected by now , ” she wrote .
“ If anyone can learn anything from it : it shows why you should n’t judge a book by its cover , gender , or color of skin .
The media will do anything to draw attention — - even if out of context . ”
Is the Newsweek cover sexist ?
Yes .
But let ’s put the photo back into context for a minute : Sarah Palin ’s entire existence is sexist .
Let ’s try to imagine , for a moment , the thought process that went into creating this Newsweek cover image :
“ We need to convey that Palin sucks really bad !
Let ’s take some photo of Palin lookin’ sexy , slap it on the cover of Newsweek , and then use her sexuality in attempt to draw attention to all the terrible things this woman has brought upon us . ”
Hey !
That sounds kind of like what John McCain did when he chose Palin as his VP : Found an attractive lady , slapped her on to his campaign , and used her image as a sexy lady in order to distract people from her scant qualifications , her total lack of concern for women ’s issues , and her complete suckiness as a candidate .
Sarah Palin ’s very existence as a national figure depends upon people being sexist .
It ’s not just the bad things that have happened to her that are a result of sexism — - the mud-slinging about her daughters , the circulated upskirt photos , the intense scrutiny over her appearance and her clothes .
But sexism tends to help individual women , too , and it has certainly helped Palin .
Sexism allows women to earn insane amounts of money for simply taking their clothes off , and it allows women to earn an insane amount of political power for simply being a hot conservative lady with no particular skill at public speaking , reading comprehension , telling the truth , or articulating a single political view that makes any sense , ever .
At that point , can we really get bent out of shape every time we see the media reflecting the reality that Palin is a product of sexism in their coverage of her ?
We have crossed the Rubicon , people .
Everything about Palin is sexist .
When it comes to sexism , I ’m a big advocate of hating the game , and not the player .
But the game works both ways .
And I am sick and tired of only having to care about it when that sexism means something bad for Sarah Palin .
The Pirate Ship Quintet is an instrumental rock band based in Bristol , UK .
The number of people involved in the band ’s dynamic shifts from between five and eight members .
The cellist is a full time principle member of one of Britain ’s most commended symphony orchestras as well as having been part of the famous London Symphony Orchestra .
The Pirate Ship Quintet , in its current arrangement , consists of Ziapour ( bass guitar ) , Jona ( drums ) , Alex ( guitar ) , Alphie ( guitar ) , Sandy ( cello ) , Moo ( trumpet ) and Terrence ( vocals ) .
The artwork for the record was created by Lucy Joy and Jona Stu… read more
Yet perhaps more damning than all of that was how two Panthers , cornerback Chris Gamble and safety Chris Harris , felt he was n't going all - out on every play .
That seemed especially true on a Tom Brady first - quarter interception in which Moss appeared to run a lazy route that contributed to the miscue .
" We knew he was going to shut it down , " Gamble told the Boston Globe after the game .
" That 's what we wanted him to do .
That 's what we did ...
He 'd just give up a lot .
Slow down , he 's not going deep , not trying to run a route .
You can tell , his body language . "
Gamble continued : " I know everyone who plays against him , they can sense that .
Once you get into him in the beginning of the game , he shuts it down a little bit . "
This was one of the big questions of the week , how the sensitive Moss would respond to adversity .
He was one of four players sent home for being late to an 8 a.m. meeting on Wednesday -- along with defensive end Derrick Burgess and linebackers Adalius Thomas and Gary Guyton -- when snowy and icy conditions made for a longer - than - anticipated commute .
According to running back Kevin Faulk , who is one of Moss ' closest friends on the team , the receiver was deeply affected by the decision .
" He was really hurt about the situation , getting sent home , but at the same time he knew that 's what Bill 's wishes were and he had to respect Bill , and that 's what he did , " Faulk told ESPNBoston.com .
Faulk felt Moss turned the page upon his return to practice Thursday and did n't let it linger .
This is where Faulk feels that Moss , who started Sunday and was on the field for every play but four , might be misunderstood .
" He loves football too much ; this is what he loves to do and nobody understands that , " he said .
Moss skipped out of the locker room without addressing reporters Sunday , deciding to let his play do the talking for him .
It did n't always look good on the field .
Or on the sidelines for that matter , such as when Brady came over to offer encouragement and Moss kept staring ahead .
The book seems to be out on Moss .
Get to him early and he 's easily rattled .
" The key for playing Moss is that you have to be physical with him , " Harris told ESPNBoston.com .
" Our goal was to get our hands on him every single time we could and not just let him run up on our safeties .
I think we did a great job of that .
If you can get to him early , it shows .
He gets frustrated and might not complete ' go ' routes sometimes and things of that nature . "
Harris explained to the Globe : " I do n't want to say he quits , but he kind of does n't run the routes the way they 're supposed to be run .
If you get a jam on him , he 'll just ease up .
He had the one catch , and he fumbled .
...
We stayed on top of him .
We were not gonna let him catch a deep pass .
That 's his game .
If he can't get it going , he gets out of sync . "
Gamble described Moss as a sneaky player , because at times it might look like he's not giving a top effort , attempting to lull a cornerback into thinking he is n't part of the play before suddenly shifting into top gear .
Yet Gamble said there was little deception with Moss on Sunday .
Instead , he was telegraphing the Patriots ' offensive intentions .
Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) hurries to catch a flight after voting on Capitol Hill .
| Photo by AP Photo Close
Sen .
Chuck Schumer loves the sound of his own voice , but it carried a bit farther than he might have liked on the US Airways shuttle from New York to Washington on Sunday .
According to a House Republican aide who happened to be seated nearby , the notoriously chatty New York Democrat referred to a flight attendant as a “ bitch ” after she ordered him to turn off his phone before takeoff .
Schumer and his seatmate , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y. ) , were chatting on their phones before takeoff when an announcement indicated that it was time to turn off the phones .
Both senators kept talking .
According to the GOP aide , a flight attendant then approached Schumer and told him the entire plane was waiting on him to shut down his phone .
Schumer asked if he could finish his conversation .
When the flight attendant said “ no , ” Schumer ended his call but continued to argue his case .
He said he was entitled to keep his phone on until the cabin door was closed .
The flight attendant said he was obliged to turn it off whenever a flight attendant asked .
“ He argued with her about the rule , ” the source said .
“ She said she does n’t make the rules , she just follows them . ”
When the flight attendant walked away , the witness says Schumer turned to Gillibrand and uttered the B - word .
“ The senator made an off - the - cuff comment under his breath that he should n’t have made , and he regrets it , ” Schumer spokesman Brian Fallon told Shenanigans .
Ironically , Schumer has been a friend of US Airways flight attendants of late , lobbying company chairman and CEO Doug Parker on their behalf after several of them asked the senator to help keep them based at LaGuardia .
Through her office , Gillibrand said Schumer was “ polite ” with the flight attendant Sunday and “ turned off his phone when asked to . ”
But moments after the flight attendant had told Schumer to shut it off , the phone rang again .
“ It ’s Harry Reid calling , ” the source quoted Schumer as saying .
“ I guess health care will have to wait until we land . ”
‘ Shhhhh ! ’
Nothing rankles Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R - N.C. ) more than talking when it ’s frowned upon .
Take , for example , Tuesday morning ’s Republican Conference meeting with members and staff .
It appears Rep. David Dreier of California dared to whisper something to Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas .
That garnered a strong “ shh ” from Foxx , complete with a pointed finger admonishing her two colleagues .
She then took to the mic and told the crowd it was rude for members and staff to talk .
“ Think back to your school days , ” Foxx spokesman Aaron Groen offered .
“ She ’s a teacher at heart .
After all her years in education , she ca n’t resist trying to quiet the classroom down . ”
Party time
There are plenty of glitzy soirées around town this week .
And then there are some low - key events at which still - working members of Congress try to spread holiday cheer with their staffs .
Rep. Grace Napolitano ( D - Calif. ) hosted a sixth - floor Longworth party where — hold yourself back ! — she cooked “ two huge vats of nine - alarm chili ... and an equally large bowl of her famous guacamole , ” we hear .
Dreier cooked an “ egg thing ” — not scrambled but not an omelet , either — for a Christmas brunch for his Rules Committee and personal office staff .
EDITOR'S NOTE :
This corrects an earlier version that misspelled US Airways CEO Doug Parker 's name .
by Frank Azzurro on November 30 , 2007
Upon reading this article , Â a few ideas sprung to mind .
Â
Popular consensus leading a population made up mostly of morons leads to only one end : a society where our best resource ( people with an IQ of over 120 ) feel alienated among a politically - correct , lowest - common - denominator environment .
Does anyone feel this is n’t true , with all the shallow crap on TV , on the news , without any real discussion by our own presidential candidates of the really important issues of the day and the really important effects of man-made causes ?
Is any one of our presidential candidates even willing to engage someone in the following issues ?
Israel , as a political ally , needs to go .
We bail them out time and time again because England the US force - fed zionists to the Arabs , and they ’ve needed our protection ever since we allowed the systematic disenfranchisement of the Palestinians .
Our over - population and lack of a sense of social responsibility will ultimately lead to the death of most of us when water and other resource - related wars begin .
As a society , we ’re getting dumber .
Period .
Something needs to be done .
This is inter-related with lots of fun issues that will never be discussed in politics again , the way our system is currently constructed : our lack of cultural identity , our increasingly politically - correct environment , our ignorance of our country ’s own foreign policy , etc .
Illegal immigration has as much to do with Mexican politics as it does with US politics .
Mexico has a beautiful piece of land between two beautiful shores , with lots of natural resources , but they ’d rather leach off the US than get their act together and get rid of their druglords .
If the US took a hard line with illegal immigration , maybe Mexico would be more apt to clean up their act .
Tags : civilization life cycle , passive aggression
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
It ’s been a while since I have published much of any work .
Here is what I ’ve been up to over the past year .
Images below are primarily shot on either a Bronica SQ or Leica M7 .
Film processed by PHX Film Lab or TCR Photo Imaging .
Self scanned .
Hope you enjoy .
This is a strange defence .
Would deleting not just selected CRU data but its entire research effort really subtract nothing from what we thought we knew ?
If CRU 's work is as redundant as that , taxpayers might wonder if they have been getting value for money .
At the very least , in fact , one layer of confirmation would be removed , which is not nothing .
And of course CRU 's contribution was much more important than that .
The emailers are among the world 's leading , and most influential , climate scientists ; they are not just a few marginally significant individuals .
It is far from clear how independent the supposedly corroborating research on the temperature record is .
Networks of co-authors span these various efforts .
A lot of the raw and parboiled data is shared .
If the CRU work is impaired -- that is the question the emails raise -- the effects on the state of our knowledge are non-negligible .
Also note that the first line of defence fatally undermines the second .
If the CRU emails show climate science as it is done in the real world , and there is nothing to be ashamed of or embarrassed about , then what reason is there to think that the corroborating research , even if truly independent , has been done to a higher standard ?
If coercing the data , bad - mouthing dissenters , and covering your tracks are business as usual in climate science -- which is what we have been told -- why expect the other proofs of the temperature record to be any better ?
I would be far more persuaded by the " plenty of other evidence " line if there had been more of an outcry over the CRU emails from within the climate - science community .
There have been some protests , but not many .
Which leaves just the " attack on science " .
Circle those wagons .
If you criticise one of us , you criticise all of us .
No distinction is attempted between intelligent informed critics ( of whom there are plenty ) and ignorant malicious critics ( of whom , admittedly , there are far more ) .
The distinction which is emphasised , rather , is between qualified critics and unqualified -- where " qualified " means " people who agree with us " .
What could be more anti-scientific ?
To criticise the work of a particular scientist or collaborating group of scientists is no more to attack science than criticising a particular journalist is to attack press freedom , or criticising a particular politician is to attack democracy .
Trying to shut down criticism in the name of science is the real attack on science .
More than a third of American youth of military age are unfit for service , mainly because they are too fat or sickly , the Army Times reports , quoting the latest Pentagon figures .
Most of the rest are too dumb or have used too many drugs to qualify , the study shows .
The report says 35 % of the 31 million Americans aged 17 to 24 are unqualified because of physical and medical issues .
" The major component of this is obesity , " Curt Gilroy , the Pentagon 's director of accessions , tells the Times .
" We have an obesity crisis in the country .
There 's no question about it . "
He also said young people , by and large , can't do push - ups .
" And they can't do pull - ups , " Gilroy says . "
And they can't run . "
The Times says the Pentagon gets its data from the Centers for Disease Control , which has found that the percentage of youth 18 to 34 who are considered obese has jumped from 6 % in 1987 to 23 % now .
Here 's the Pentagon 's breakdown of the ineligible population , according to the Times :
Medical / physical problems , 35 % .
Illegal drug use , 18 % .
Mental Category V ( the lowest 10 % of the population ) , 9 % .
Too many dependents under age 18 , 6 % .
Criminal record , 5 % .
Update at 1:06 p.m. ET : The Times reports that Education Secretary Arne Duncan and a group of retired military officers will issue a report on Thursday warning that the situation is so dire it amounts to a threat to national security .
That study will show that when all factors are considered , 75 % of military - age youth are not eligible to serve .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
Comment Back in the turbulent 1960s , the anti-establishment rabble was often derided as being " out of control . "
Fast - forward 50 years to the 2010s , when that same phrase will soon be back in vogue .
But with a very different meaning .
The coming decade is shaping up to be one in which we , as consumers and citizens , will see our control over choice and privacy eroded by business and government .
Some of the effects will be mere annoyances , but others will transform society .
And not for the better .
This unwelcome transformation is already underway in the personal - technology sector , led by two of the most secretive companies in our industry : Apple and Google .
Waiting in the wings are corporate entities eager to exploit your personal information , and government agencies watching your every step .
Welcome to the out - of - control decade .
Embrace your widgethood
At the beginning of this decade , Apple 's Steve Jobs was fond of saying that Apple stood out from its competition because its product philosophy was to control " the whole widget . "
In the coming decade , users will increasingly become just another component of that all - encompassing widget .
Apple 's übersuccessful App Store , for example , has turned on its head the notion that if you own a computing device , it 's under your control and it's yours to do with what you will .
And make no mistake about it , the iPhone and iPod Touch are computing devices , not merely phones and media players .
They 're both early examples of a trend that is sure to explode in the next decade : computing - in - your pocket .
Both perform tasks such as web browsing , email , and productivity chores that were formerly consigned to your desktop or laptop .
What the iPhone and iPod touch do n't have in common with earlier computers is the fact that you do n't control what software you can use with them .
Apple does .
To be sure , you can now choose from among 100,000 apps to load upon Apple 's handhelds .
But who selects the apps from which you can choose ?
Apple does .
And Apple 's control over its App Store is deservedly notorious .
Examples are legion .
Background processing ?
Apple makes it possible for its own apps - iTunes , for example - to run in the background when other apps are being used .
That 's not the case for third - party apps such as Pandora 's personalized music service or the Shoutcast internet - radio enabler .
App - installed executables ?
Sorry , no can do - Apple 's EULA for the iPhone SDK specifically prohibts an app from calling or installing externally sourced executables .
Tough luck for Flash and Java .
Competitive apps ?
Outside of Apple , no one knows how many apps have been rejected because the App Store police considered them competitive to Cupertino 's own offerings .
One case that did come to public attention was the dust - up when Google said Apple rejected its Google Voice and Google Latitude apps , Apple said it was merely continuing to " study " them , and AT&T said " Do n't look at me , bro ! "
Adult - themed content ?
Despite every user 's ability to access an unending torrent of sweaty salaciousness through Apple 's own Safari app , the App Store itself remains a bastion of purity , unsullied by even the suggestion of nipple or bum - despite the fact that in most cases such content is perfectly legal .
Allegedly defamatory content ?
Apple unilaterally decides what 's defamatory and what 's not .
Witness , for example , how the App Store police rejected an app featuring safe - as - milk caricatures of various political figures - then reinstated it only after a media ruckus .
We could go on , but our point is clear :
By signing up for an iPhone or iPod touch - or , we 're willing to bet , the impending iPad - you 're relinquishing control over your mobile computer and allowing Apple to decide what 's best for you .
There are indeed ways to at least partially regain that control , but loading an app that has n't received Apple 's blessing requires you to jump through jailbreaking hoops - not a task for Mr. and Ms. Average Consumer .
And should you have the temerity to want to revert either your device 's operating system or an app , Apple throws up roadblocks .
Why ?
Because , as an Apple spokesperson told The Reg , " Apple always recommends that iPhone customers keep current with software updates for the best user experience . "
You do n't have control over that user experience .
Apple does .
In a recent Businessweek interview in which he attempted to tamp down rumblings of dissatisfaction over App Store control , Apple 's marketer par excellence Phil Schiller embodied Cupertino 's paternalistic approach to application delivery .
" You and your family and friends can download applications from the store , " he said , " and for the most part they do what you 'd expect , and they get onto your phone , and you get billed appropriately , and it all just works . "
In other words : " Do n't worry .
Be happy .
Apple 's in control . "
Even if you do n't want it to be .
Of course , you can avoid Apple 's grip by simply not patronizing them .
No one is forcing you to own an iPhone or buy your music from the iTunes Store .
However , in the 2010s , the merciless success of Apple 's model may inspire others to emulate its style of control .
Not only because it works and works well , but also because control over a device 's apps makes it easier to control competition , customer support , and pricing strategies .
And as the out - of - control decade dawns , technology providers are moving such control out of your pocket and onto your desktop or laptop .
There 's a growing trend for telcos to offer subsidized netbooks - and as the decade progresses and true wireless broadband such as LTE and WiMAX becomes pervasive and localized WiFi hotspots fade , it will become increasingly rare for telcos to offer such services without subsidized platforms .
In this model , a telco can choose to lock down - either technically or through restrictive user licenses - what apps may reside on a subsidized computing device .
As the decade progresses , however , your choice of apps may become moot as the concept of standalone , device - installed apps fades into computing history .
You may have heard of the prime mover behind this next control - quashing development : the cloud .
Apple certainly has .
It is n't building that $ 1bn data center in North Carolina simply to support its accounts - receivable department .
Cupertino will soon be moving into cloud computing in a big way .
But for the foreseeable future , Apple will remain behind another Silicon Valley megacorp that has a huge head start in gaining control over what you see on the internet and what information can be gleaned from you .
In 2004 , the Target retail chain announced a new corporate policy that banned Salvation Army bellringers and their collection kettles from Target storefronts , a move that drew immediate criticism and condemnation from many shoppers :
Target has decided to NOT allow the Salvation Army to ring the bell for the holiday season .
I love the bell ringers and what they stand for .
Each person gives up their time to collect money for the needy .
The holiday season is the perfect time to remind us to share our blessings with others .
I try to give something to each bell ringer , no matter how small I know the Salvation Army will put it to good use .
Target announced this week that Salvation Army bell - ringers will no longer be allowed in front of their stores during the holiday season .
The retailer tells Channel 8 Eyewitness News , “ … Like many nationwide retailers , Target Corporation has a long standing no solicitation policy that must be applied across all of its stores . ”
The Lancaster County Salvation
Army says there ’s no hard feelings , just a rethinking of ways to keep the kettles out and the bells ringing .
Nearly a quarter of all donations came from Lincoln ’s two Target stores .
Last year , the Lincoln / Lancaster County Salvation Army raised more than a 120 - thousand dollars during their kettle drive .
If you believe in the Salvation Army and want to encourage Target to rethink their decision then go to the link above and send them your comment .
And forward this email .
The Salvation Army will not be allowed to have their bell - ringers and kettles outside Target stores this Christmas season .
I ca n’t think of a better example of the joy of Christmas than the work of The Salvation Army .
Founded in 1865 as a religious and charitable mission , it provided over $ 2.5 billion in service throughout the U.S. during the past year .
Last year they collected about $ 9 million outside the 1300 +
Target stores .
Three years ago Wal - Mart restricted soliciting by the Salvation Army & others to 14 days a year .
They remain the number 1 collection site for the Salvation Army , with $ 12 million in donations last year .
My response is to make Target a “ target ” to avoid , and when I see the bell - ringers from the Salvation Army at other stores to drop in a little more and tell them that is my contribution for Target .
If you agree , please pass this on .
P. S. Target says they give over $ 67 million per years to various worthy causes — one of them being sending drops to the contestants of the show “ Survivor ” — a really needy cause !!!!
The retailer already had a no-solicitation policy in place at their stores , but they previously had made an exception for the Salvation Army .
That exception finally went by the wayside when in a September 2004 statement , Target spokesperson Carolyn Brookter said the chain “ determined that if we continue to allow the Salvation Army to solicit , then it opens the door to other groups that wish to solicit our guests . ”
“ It ’s becoming increasingly difficult to have an exception to our policy , so we decided we would have no exceptions , ” Brookter said .
“ This year we just said it ’s time to … make our solicitation policy consistent . ”
A copy of Target ’s corporate “ No Solicitation Policy , ” as found on their web site , now explains :
Based on Target ’s commitment to maintaining a distraction - free shopping experience for our guests , we do not allow Salvation Army bell ringers outside our store nationwide .
However , Target proudly supports
The Salvation Army , which serves more than 30 million people across the United States each year .
Some of our year - round efforts include grants to local chapters , volunteerism and in - kind donations to help those who need it most .
Target also partners with The Salvation Army to support its disaster relief efforts in communities across the country .
Target ’s change in policy was undoubtedly detrimental to the Salvation Army ’s kettle campaign , which raises up to 70 percent of the Salvation Army ’s total annual income for efforts such as funding shelters , offering meal programs , and providing Christmas toys , after - school programs and emergency assistance :
The “ miracle ” of Christmas is repeated over and over again through the joy of caring and sharing .
The traditional red kettle is an integral part of the Christmas scene , with millions of dollars donated each year to aid needy families , seniors , and the homeless , in keeping with the spirit of the season .
Donations provide Christmas dinners , clothing , and toys for families in need .
Financial assistance also helps with basic necessities , along with seasonal aid .
Families of prisoners often are included .
Volunteers distribute gifts to shut -ins in hospitals and nursing homes , and shelters are open for sit - down dinners .
The Salvation Army endeavors to bring spiritual light and love to those it serves at Christmas so that the real meaning of the season is not forgotten .
Many families receive aid over a period of months after the Christmas season as well , people struggling with difficult family , emotional , or employment problems .
In November 2006 , the Salvation Army announced Target had launched a multi-faceted Christmas partnership with it that would include an online version of The Salvation Army ’s Angel Tree Program and a donation by the retailer of $ 1 million to get that program up and running .
Target also promised to donate 100 % of proceeds from the sales of a limited edition Harvey Lewis angel ornament accented with red Swarovski crystals to the Sally Ann .
As of 2011 , Target proclaimed that they were providing $ 250,000 in gift cards to Salvation Army chapters as part of their partnership with that organization :
Top 5 Game Companies of 2009
Apple
Epic Games
Unity
Valve
Zynga
Honorable Mentions
We 've already covered the top five developers of 2009 -- and a fine crop of studios it is .
But there 's more to the world of games than development skill , and there 's more to Gamasutra than recognizing it .
No , in a challenging year and a splintering market , there are several companies that stood out as companies .
Some are developers , and some are not -- but the point is that just as studios deserve to be recognized for their fantastic games , so do industry companies that do exceptionally well .
Here 's our pick for a list of the top companies influencing the game biz this year , and what made them so vital : ( listed alphabetically ) Apple has done tremendous things for the game industry this year .
While we all now recognize that the iPhone has not been the faultless goldmine that developers hoped for in late 2008 , the platform is still empowering real developers to make really interesting games and make real money in the process .
Apple is n't a passive participant in this process , either .
While the workings of the App Store can be oblique to the inexperienced , and the approvals process for apps is opaque , the company supports developers by promoting apps not based on budget or ad buys , but quality and buzz .
Big hits can come from indies , not just major publishers .
And someone at Apple is knowingly promoting games like Tiger Style ' sand Firemint 'sas " best of 2009 " games over shinier , better - marketed titles from bigger companies .
The company also chose 2009 as the year to truly take gaming seriously from a marketing perspective : it started advertising the iPod Touch as a gaming device on TV , in print , and on billboards .
Apple spokespeople have also continuously talked tough about the company 's competition in the mainstream handheld gaming space -- Nintendo and Sony .
And it has introduced improvements to the hardware and to the market , including new versions of the iPod Touch and iPhone , and enabling transactions in free apps , something many had been asking for .
While its approvals and other processes could stand to become more transparent , Apple has opened up a huge new market for games and shaken up the stagnant mobile gaming space completely .
Epic Games continued its dominance in current generation engine licensing -- no surprise , that , as the house that builthas had no trouble signing up licensees for its popular tech since the start of the Xbox 360's reign as the top console for hardcore gamers .
In the face of increased competition coming to market , the firm has held strong .
And to increase its market share , and in the face of free toolsets being distributed by its competition , Epic this year made the intelligent decision to offer Unreal Engine 3 for free .
While you can't release a commercial product built under these licensing terms , this move does n't just get indies working with Unreal .
It also ensures that Unreal will continue to march into schools -- training the next generation on its tech .
And though the acquisition took place last year , this year is when it paid its dividends : Chair Entertainment ' scame out to massive acclaim and sales , proving conclusively not only that the right developers and game can make a tremendous success of Xbox Live Arcade , but that Unreal Engine 3 is the right tool for that job : a double win for Epic .
Its Epic Games China subsidiary 's Titan Studios also launchedfor Sony 's PlayStation Network , showing that Epic knows how to play both sides of the hardcore console audience .
Also , as the name implies , it shows that the company is not ignoring Asia but , instead , embracing it -- with localized versions of its tools that specifically incorporate enhancements aimed at genres , such as MMOs , popular in Asian markets .
From an academic project to an engine contender -- Unity has become a major player in the market as of 2009 , and there 's more to come .
Like Epic , Unity moved to launch a free version of its toolset , which is more flexible than Epic 's implementation -- the free version of Unity can be used commercially .
In the wake of that , the company reached 33,500 registered developers in November .
Important , too , was Unity 's announcement that it 's moving into the Xbox 360 market .
XBLA , as we said above , is a tremendous market for developers to tap into , and while Unity might be considered lightweight for a full - fledged Xbox game , its tech fits into the downloadable space well .
Of course , that 's proved by its success on the iPhone -- where Unity is one of the leading engine solutions .
And while there was a brief , serious hiccup for Unity on the platform this year , it was quickly fixed by the Unity team .
And the company opened up a new UK office under the stewardship of former Criterion man Graham Dunnett -- expanding its capabilities beyond its San Francisco and Copenhagen locations .
2009 has been a majorly up year for Unity , and as the web and iPhone continue to rise in importance , and as Unity 's support for Wii and Xbox 360 help bolster it , the engine becomes a more and more major player in the market .
Valve , the only company to cross over between the Top 5 Developers and Top 5 Game Companies , is one that many admire greatly .
Writing about why Valve is so great is frankly getting kind of boring .
But it 's still worth exploring it -- and also exploringwhy the company is the only one to make both lists , because that 's key to its success .
Nobody doubts that Steam is an excellent platform .
Some developers are less thrilled than others , but with indie titles likegetting their due thanks in no small part to the seamless digital distribution of the Steam platform , it 's hard to argue that it is not a net positive .
In addition , the service 's cloud features , including game - saves , are innovative and value - additive .
Its popularization of frequent discounts and has created a positive disruption to the PC business model , and the service 's overall popularity with its user base has hastened the move toward digital distribution .
Notable , too , is the release of -- not just because it's a great and highly successful game , but because the company adapted beautifully from its notoriously slow release model to one much more in line with today 's market .
It also rolled with the punch of a boycott -- turning the ire of fans into a major marketing coup by flying in the organizers of an online petition against the game 's release , and turning them back to the community full of praise for the title .
And , of course , the whole reason thatthing blew up in the first place is because of Valve 's peerless reputation for running its games as services .
Its users have gotten so used to meaningful downloadable content and post - release support that their main complaint aboutwas that the first game 's support would be truncated .
Take , for example , -- two years old , it 's still getting major updates .
Valve 's reputation as an excellent developer and a great service provider are intertwined .
The company 's success at producing amazing games likefeeds its reputation with gamers , driving them toward its Steam service ; its success as a service provider builds confidence in its game releases .
Other developers can't parlay their goodwill into other revenue streams -- but Valve can , and that makes it a savvy contender .
Of course , the shining star of performance this year has been Zynga -- the company which rode the social gaming trend to the top of the revenue heap , creating the most popular games on Facebook and reaping the microtransaction - based rewards .
Sure , plenty of people do n't like to hear it .
There 's the obvious and disheartening question of the fact that the company 's games are largely unoriginal from both a design and theme perspective .
So goes the trope : begatbegatbecame -- a copy of a copy of a copy .
And there 's no doubt that the company 's strength in marketing is what has drawn players to its particular executions of popular social gaming themes .
But execution is not to be underestimated , says Zynga VP Hugh de Loayza : " Our games are pretty distinctively different from the traditional Asian farm games .
A shooter is a shooter , so a harvest mechanic is a harvest mechanic .
But the story you wrap around it is different .
The other thing to pay attention to is that you 've got a service that you 're running . "
It 's obvious the company is doing something right with its generic - seeming games .
And there 's more to the service than strongarm user acquisition tactics -- though they 're indubitably a key part of the strategy .
And there 's no doubt that this rapid growth has caused some growing pains -- unethical offers got FishVille banned from Facebook , though the game did come back .
But the company has managed to attract great talent from the traditional games space , and secure secure significant funding , no small feat in today 's economic climate .
Yes , people love to hate Zynga and the social games market ( check the comments on that last link . )
And that hate is comprehensible .
But Zynga proves that , in the short time since the phenomenon has emerged , a business can be built on it .
While we can never say " yes , this one will be a long - term success , " Zynga is the power player in the market and the absolute company to watch out for , and is also one of the most meaningful and disruptive success stories of 2009 .
Zenimax , parent of Bethesda , deserves a shout - out for its acquisition of id Software .
The lawsuit with Interplay is a bit of a black mark , though , and so wereand ( it 's time to sort out your non-internally developed games efforts , guys ) .
Also worthy is Square Enix -- not only did the Japanese company successfully acquire Eidos this year , it also shipped the most popular game in its massiveseries and instantly became the PS3's record - holder for units sold in Japan with
Tomorrow Mainers will decide the fate of the marriage equality bill , and the No on 1 Protect Maine Equality is now behind the polls and facing an uphill challenge as the opposition drives a last minute fund - raising campaign .
A new poll released today shows those in favor overturning marriage equality , or those voting YES for Question 1 , beating us 51 % to 47 % .
And to make matters a little worse , the Yes on 1 side has just done an unexpected , major push to raise $ 25,000 to air one last major attack ad ( Unite The Fight ) .
Please get out the word , donate volunteer and vote !
* Widening sweep reaches bankers close to government
* Chavez likely to benefit from cleanup
CARACAS , Dec 6 ( Reuters ) - Venezuela on Sunday widened a police sweep against executives from seven troubled banks shut down despite their links with top government officials -- a move likely to win support for leftist President Hugo Chavez .
Police arrested the director of the Banco Real , Giuzel Mileira , bringing to six the number of bankers in custody .
The detainees include the brother of a senior minister close to Chavez and a businessman who made more than a billion dollars partly by selling corn to government - subsidized supermarkets .
“ These bankers should be shown for what they really are to the public : vulgar robbers , thieves in ties , pickpockets and obstinate kleptomaniacs , ” Chavez said in a newspaper column published on Sunday .
Venezuela last week closed the seven small banks for diverse regulatory breaches including capitalization problems and unexplained funds , causing market turmoil as Chavez threatened to nationalize the financial system .
Most analysts agree Chavez is unlikely to risk instability via a widespread nationalization of the country ’s mostly well - capitalized and profitable banks .
The rise of a new mega - rich elite during his decade in office has been a liability for Chavez , who wants to build a socialist society in Venezuela and took office in 1999 promising to end corruption .
The arrest of executives widely considered corrupt because of rapid increases in wealth and government ties is likely to be popular with Chavez ’s supporters ahead of key legislative elections in September .
More detentions can be expected -- authorities have issued 27 warrants including 9 requests to Interpol for international arrests .
Opponents say the sweep is merely a sign of infighting within the government and will not touch any top officials .
‘ WHOEVER FALLS , FALLS ’
On his weekly TV show on Sunday , Chavez told supporters to smoke out corrupt members of his Socialist Party .
“ At the first sign you have to do something , you ca n’t wait until he has 20 trucks , four planes .
No , this party has to tighten the moral belt , ” he said to applause from the audience , which included Public Works Minister Diosdado Cabello .
“ Whoever falls , falls .
Those are the president ’s instructions , to get to the bottom of these problems , ” said Jorge Giordani , minister of economic planning , adding that Venezuelan had narrowly avoided a financial “ tsunami . ”
Shocked by volatile speeches in which Chavez warned he could nationalize the financial system , investors dumped Venezuelan bonds and its bolivar currency last week .
In 1994 , a major crisis wiped out half the country ’s banks and people ’s savings , and cost the government $ 11 billion .
Markets recovered on Friday after the former army lieutenant cooled the rhetoric and made overtures to the owners of the oil exporting nation ’s top private banks .
“ The decision of the executive to ask for help from private banks demonstrated that the government is making an effort to avoid systemic contagion .
There is no reason for that to happen , ” Juan Carlos Escotet , head of Venezuela ’s largest bank Banesco , told the El Nacional newspaper .
He said Venezuela ’s private banks could exist side by side with those owned by the government .
Venezuela ’s banking system is tightly regulated , and is obliged to make low interest loans to farming , small businesses and tourism .
This year the government paid $ 1 billion to buy one of the country 's top banks , Banco de Venezuela , from Spain 's Santander SAN.MC .
Some of the recently closed banks will join the public sector and further closures could be on the cards if authorities uncover problems .
However , most analysts agree the system as a whole is solid and will remain so unless the situation is badly handled , triggering a serious bank run .
( Additional reporting by Patricia Rondon ; editing by Mohammad Zargham )
The recent Swiss referendum that bans construction of minarets has caused controversy across the world .
There are two ways to interpret the vote .
First , as a rejection of political Islam , not a rejection of Muslims .
In this sense it was a vote for tolerance and inclusion , which political Islam rejects .
Second , the vote was a revelation of the big gap between how the Swiss people and the Swiss elite judge political Islam .
In the battle of ideas , symbols are important .
What if the Swiss voters were asked in a referendum to ban the building of an equilateral cross with its arms bent at right angles as a symbol of the belief of a small minority ?
Or imagine a referendum on building towers topped with a hammer and sickle – another symbol dear to the hearts of a very small minority in Switzerland .
Political ideas have symbols : A swastika , a hammer and sickle , a minaret , a crescent with a star in the middle ( usually on top of a minaret ) all represent a collectivist political theory of supremacy by one group over all others .
On controversial issues , the Swiss listen to debate , read newspapers , and otherwise investigate when they make up their minds for a vote .
What Europeans are finding out about Islam as they investigate is that it is more than just a religion .
Islam offers not only a spiritual framework for dealing with such human questions as birth , death , and what ought to come after this world ; it prescribes a way of life .
Islam is an idea about how society should be organized : the individual 's relationship to the state ; the relationship between men and women ; rules for the interaction between believers and unbelievers ; how to enforce such rules ; and why a government under Islam is better than a government founded on other ideas .
These political ideas of Islam have their symbols : the minaret , the crescent ; the head scarf , and the sword .
The minaret is a symbol of Islamist supremacy , a token of domination that came to symbolize Islamic conquest .
It was introduced decades after the founding of Islam .
In Europe , as in other places in the world where Muslims settle , the places of worship are simple at first .
All that a Muslim needs to fulfill the obligation of prayer is a compass to indicate the direction of Mecca , water for ablution , a clean prayer mat , and a way of telling the time so as to pray five times a day in the allocated period .
The construction of large mosques with extremely tall towers that cost millions of dollars to erect are considered only after the demography of Muslims becomes significant .
The mosque evolves from a prayer house to a political center .
Imams can then preach a message of self - segregation and a bold rejection of the ways of the non-Muslims .
Men and women are separated ; gays , apostates and Jews are openly condemned ; and believers organize around political goals that call for the introduction of forms of sharia ( Islamic ) law , starting with family law .
This is the trend we have seen in Europe , and also in other countries where Muslims have settled .
None of those Western academics , diplomats , and politicians who condemn the Swiss vote to ban the minaret address , let alone dispute , these facts .
In their response to the presence of Islam in their midst , Europeans have developed what one can discern as roughly two competing views .
The first view emphasizes accuracy .
Is it accurate to equate political symbols like those used by Communists and Nazis with a religious symbol like the minaret and its accessories of crescent and star ; the uniforms of the Third Reich with the burqa and beards of current Islamists ?
If it is accurate , then Islam , as a political movement , should be rejected on the basis of its own bigotry .
In this view , Muslims should not be rejected as residents or citizens .
The objection is to practices that are justified in the name of Islam , like honor killings , jihad , the we - versus - they perspective , the self - segregation .
In short , Islamist supremacy .
The second view refuses to equate political symbols of various forms of white fascism with the symbols of a religion .
In this school of thought , Islamic Scripture is compared to Christian and Jewish Scripture .
Those who reason from this perspective preach pragmatism .
According to them , the key to the assimilation of Muslims is dialogue .
They are prepared to appease some of the demands that Muslim minorities make in the hope that one day their attachment to radical Scripture will wear off like that of Christian and Jewish peoples .
These two contrasting perspectives correspond to two quite distinct groups in Europe .
The first are mainly the working class .
The second are the classes that George Orwell described as " indeterminate . "
Cosmopolitan in outlook , they include diplomats , businesspeople , mainstream politicians , and journalists .
They are well versed in globalization and tend to focus on the international image of their respective countries .
With every conflict between Islam and the West , they emphasize the possible backlash from Muslim countries and how that will affect the image of their country .
By contrast , those who reject the ideas and practices of political Islam are in touch with Muslims on a local level .
They have been asked to accept Muslim immigrants as neighbors , classmates , colleagues – they are what Americans would refer to as Main Street .
Here is the great paradox of today 's Europe : that the working class , who voted for generations for the left , now find themselves voting for right - wing parties because they feel that the social democratic parties are out of touch .
The pragmatists , most of whom are power holders , are partially right when they insist that the integration of Muslims will take a very long time .
Their calls for dialogue are sensible .
But as long as they do not engage Muslims to make a choice between the values of the countries that they have come to and those of the countries they left , they will find themselves faced with more surprises .
And this is what the Swiss vote shows us .
This is a confrontation between local , working - class voters ( and some middle - class feminists ) and Muslim immigrant newcomers who feel that they are entitled , not only to practice their religion , but also to replace the local political order with that of their own .
Look carefully at the reactions of the Swiss , EU and UN elites .
The Swiss government is embarrassed by the outcome of the vote .
The Swedes , who are currently chairing EU meetings , have condemned the Swiss vote as intolerant and xenophobic .
It is remarkable that the Swedish foreign minister , Carl Bildt , said in public that the Swiss vote is a poor act of diplomacy .
What he overlooks is that this is a discussion of Islam as a domestic issue .
It has nothing to do with foreign policy .
The Swiss vote highlights the debate on Islam as a domestic issue in Europe .
That is , Islam as a set of political and collectivist ideas .
Native Europeans have been asked over and over again by their leaders to be tolerant and accepting of Muslims .
They have done that .
And that can be measured a ) by the amount of taxpayer money that is invested in healthcare , housing , education , and welfare for Muslims and b ) the hundreds of thousands of Muslims who are knocking on the doors of Europe to be admitted .
If those people who cry that Europe is intolerant are right , if there was , indeed , xenophobia and a rejection of Muslims , then we would have observed the reverse .
There would have been an exodus of Muslims out of Europe .
There is indeed a wider international confrontation between Islam and the West .
The Iraq and Afghan wars are part of that , not to mention the ongoing struggle between Israelis and Palestinians and the nuclear ambitions of Iran .
That confrontation should never be confused with the local problem of absorbing those Muslims who have been permitted to become permanent residents and citizens into European societies .
Ayaan Hirsi Ali , author of " Infidel , " is the Somali - born women 's rights advocate and former Dutch parliamentarian .
Her forthcoming book is entitled " Nomad . "
© 2009 Global Viewpoint Network / Tribune Media Services .
Hosted online by The Christian Science Monitor .
the strongest writer who ever lived
After decades of seeing plants as passive recipients of fate , scientists have found them capable of behaviors once thought unique to animals .
Some plants even appear to be social , favoring family while pushing strangers from the neighborhood .
Research into plant sociality is still young , with many questions unanswered .
But it may change how people conceive of the floral world , and provide new ways of raising productivity on Earth 's maxed - out farmlands .
" When I was in school , researchers assumed that some plants were better or worse than others at getting resources , but they were blind to the whole social situation , " said Susan Dudley , a McMaster University biologist .
" I went looking for it , and to my shock , found it .
And we 've found more of it since . "
In a paper published in the November American Journal of Botany , Dudley describes how Impatiens pallida , a common flowering plant , devotes less energy than usual to growing roots when surrounded by relatives .
In the presence of genetically unrelated Impatiens , individuals grow their roots as fast as they can .
Acknowledging relatives in this way is an example of kin recognition .
It 's common in the animal world , and is a precursor to kin selection , in which animals help their familial group , not just themselves .
Dudley thinks plants have kin selection , too .
It 's a controversial idea , but that it 's even being debated shows how far research into plant sociality has come .
When Dudley was in school in the 1980s , the very idea of plant sociality was practically taboo among scientists .
It had burst into popular consciousness a decade earlier with the publication of The Secret Life of Plants , a New Age classic which also discussed orgones and dowsing .
Later studies on " talking trees " went unreplicated , and the idea fell into disrepute .
But even if full - blown sentience was a silly idea , research on plant communication gathered .
Much of it described how plants defended themselves , producing toxins and concentrating resources on their immune systems when unrelated neighboring plants were eaten .
That clearly involved some sort of chemical signaling .
Further studies conclusively showed plants were able to recognize themselves .
Whether plants might respond to their relatives became a legitimate and intriguing question .
The answer is n't only of concern to people with imaginations stirred by thoughts of chatting flora .
It could provide a whole new perspective on plant behavior and evolution .
By providing insights that improve agricultural productivity , studies of kin recognition could literally bear fruit .
" We know that in the animal world , kin recognition and selection plays a very important role for family structure , altruistic behavior and those kinds of things , " said Hans de Kroon , a plant ecologist at Radboud University in the Netherlands .
" It 's so prominent in the animal literature .
Once we start to discover that plants can recognize their kin , there 's a whole set of hypotheses we can apply to studying plants , that nobody ever thought to . "
The field 's landmark paper came from Dudley 's laboratory in 2007 , when she showed how American searocket plants accelerated their root growth when placed in pots of strangers , but slowed it down when potted with siblings .
Were they animals , they'd be described as sharing water and food .
In a Communicative and Integrative Biology paper published in October , University of Delaware biologists Harsh Bais and Meredith Biedrzycki tried to isolate the means of recognition by exposing Arabidopsis thaliana seedlings , each in its own pot , to root secretions from other Arabidopsis plants .
The signal indeed proved to be in the roots — and just as Dudley had seen , growth patterns varied according to whether secretions came from genetically unrelated plants , or family .
Intriguingly , the plants in Dudley 's latest study were potted separately and unexposed to each others ' secretions , suggesting that their leaves emit chemical signals , as well as their roots .
That 's supported by the research of University of California , Davis ecologist Richard Karban , who in a June Ecology Letters study showed that sagebrush boosts its immune system when exposed to the damaged cuttings of a related plant [ pdf ] .
It seems to hear warnings from its kin .
More studies are needed to show exactly what sort of benefits are provided by these signaling and response systems .
De Kroon said kin recognition does n't necessarily mean kin selection : maybe the plants are communicating , but it does n't do them much good in practice .
One of Dudley 's students , Amanda File , is now studying whether some trees favor their own progeny , which might grow best near their parents .
Dudley and graduate student Guillermo Murphy , a co-author of the American Journal of Botany paper , are looking for for kin selection in invasive plants .
" We 're testing the hypothesis that invasive plants evolve greater altruism within their populations , allowing them to be better invaders of their new habitats , " said Dudley .
For plants used in agriculture , Dudley recommends kin recognition studies to see whether certain arrangements of relatives and strangers would be especially productive .
De Kroon is looking at multi-species mixes .
Karban hopes to use communication insights to engineer natural defense systems against pests .
" Maybe we thought before that only humans could do certain things , or vertebrates , or animals , " said Karban .
" Plants are capable of much more sophisticated behavior than we assumed . "
Images : 1 ) Mustard seedlings exposed to root secretions / Harsh Bais .
2 ) Impatiens seedlings grown next to relatives and strangers / Susan Dudley .
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Jurriaan Maessen
Prison Planet.com
Friday , October 9 , 2009
A recently leaked ‘ Defence Manual of Security ’ , classified as “ restricted ” and issued by the British Ministry of Defence back in October of 2001 , describes investigative journalists and members of the general public as serious threats to national security .
“ Government assets ” , the report asserts , “ are under threat from a variety of sources beyond those traditionally regarded as hostile or otherwise of significance in terms of national security . ( … ) .
The main threats of this type are posed by investigative journalists , pressure groups , investigation agencies , criminal elements , disaffected staff , dishonest staff and computer hackers . ”
Notice that investigative journalists are being mentioned in the same breath as criminal elements .
Under chapter 17 ‘ Strap Security Guidelines ’ the “ enemy ” is being defined as “ unwelcome publicity of any kind , and through any medium . ”
This just about covers the entire free press - especially alternative media outlets .
Although already known that the free press is under threat of an out - of - control tyrannical system , it is now being reconfirmed by this MoD manual , plainly considering journalists as “ the enemy ” .
‘ The threat to operations against these targets is less likely to arise from positive acts of counter - espionage , than from leakage of information through disaffected of staff , or as a result of the attentions of an investigative journalist , or simply by accident or carelessness . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In volume 3 , issue 2 , the report states : “ An Annual Threat Assessment ( ATA ) is issued to all Government Departments giving generic statements as to the main sources of Threat .
This will include personnel who may be from or influenced by Foreign Intelligence Services ( FIS ) , authorized users who , for whatever motive , may seek to gain access to official information they have no “ need to know ” , subversive of terrorist organizations , and investigative journalists . ”
Under the header “ Origins Of The Threat ” , the report includes “ The Media : investigative journalists are increasingly interested in State IT systems , particularly those operated by the police and the Security and Intelligence agencies .
There has been evidence of premeditated attempts to acquire protectively marked information from IT systems . ”
Concluding the report mentions not only investigative journalists , but also “ members of the public ” as potential threats :
“ The threat from subversive and terrorist organizations , criminal activity , investigative journalists , and members of the public cannot be discounted . ”
Also , “ malicious software from many sources ” is mentioned , “ such as ( from ) disaffected staff , foreign intelligence services , investigative journalists or terrorists . ”
Military reports on the supposed threats formed by journalists are not new .
In 2008 , WikiLeaks made available a leaked “ Joint Doctrine Publication ” from 2007 titled “ Media Operations ” .
In this document , published by the Ministry of Defence , strategies were outlined to manipulate public opinion by utilizing the media and opinion leaders .
The document mentions as the “ principal target ” for the media operation those who “ hold disproportionate influence on the direction of government ” , such as “ politicians , ( … ) , newspaper columnists , ( … ) and journalists . ”
Purpose of the operation was to influence those who wield influence on public opinion .
It seems that those who are not yet been targeted by media operators of the MoD , such as many investigative journalists , are now being branded as “ the enemy ” and a significant threat to national security .
This article was posted : Friday , October 9 , 2009 at 10:22 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
VECTOR CONFLICT : THE SIEGE
Defend your position against a massive enemy invasion .
Rotate the turret to face the proper direction and blast the incoming opponents to bits .
Keep a close eye on the radar to know where your greatest threat is coming from .
Keep it cool when the battle is heating up , or you�ll be overrun before you know it .
After each wave you will get the chance to buy some much needed upgrades .
Instructions
Defend against waves of incoming enemy units .
Use the mouse to aim and fire .
Press A and D to rotate left and right , press S to rotate 180 degrees .
Press E to fire an EMP and Q to detonate an atomic bomb .
77
VECTOR CONFLICT : THE SIEGE WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Vector Conflict : The Siege is an online action game developed by LittleGreyMedia , and has been played 88546 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
OSTP also leads interagency science and technology policy coordination efforts , assists the Office of Management and Budget with an annual review and analysis of Federal research and development in budgets , and serves as a source of scientific and technological analysis and judgment for the President with respect to major policies , plans , and programs of the Federal Government .
Contact OSTP
Office of Science and Technology Policy
Executive Office of the President
Eisenhower Executive Office Building
1650 Pennsylvania Avenue
Washington , DC 20504
Phone : 202-456-4444
To contact OSTP about stakeholder engagement , please write to us at engagement@ostp.eop.gov .
To contact OSTP about press- related matters , please write to us at press@ostp.eop.gov .
Please Note : OSTP does not monitor document requests submitted through this page .
To submit a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request to OSTP , please visit the OSTP FOIA webpage .
Just in time for the holidays : a Hubble Space Telescope picture postcard of hundreds of brilliant blue stars wreathed by warm , glowing clouds .
The festive portrait is the most detailed view of the largest stellar nursery in our local galactic neighborhood .
The massive , young stellar grouping , called R136 , is only a few million years old and resides in the 30 Doradus Nebula , a turbulent star - birth region in the Large Magellanic Cloud ( LMC ) , a satellite galaxy of our Milky Way .
There is no known star - forming region in our galaxy as large or as prolific as 30 Doradus .
Many of the diamond - like icy blue stars are among the most massive stars known .
Several of them are over 100 times more massive than our Sun .
These hefty stars are destined to pop off , like a string of firecrackers , as supernovas in a few million years .
The image , taken in ultraviolet , visible , and red light by Hubble 's Wide Field Camera 3 , spans about 100 light - years .
The nebula is close enough to Earth that Hubble can resolve individual stars , giving astronomers important information about the stars ' birth and evolution .
The brilliant stars are carving deep cavities in the surrounding material by unleashing a torrent of ultraviolet light , and hurricane - force stellar winds ( streams of charged particles ) , which are etching away the enveloping hydrogen gas cloud in which the stars were born .
The image reveals a fantasy landscape of pillars , ridges , and valleys , as well as a dark region in the center that roughly looks like the outline of a holiday tree .
Besides sculpting the gaseous terrain , the brilliant stars can also help create a successive generation of offspring .
When the winds hit dense walls of gas , they create shocks , which may be generating a new wave of star birth .
The movement of the LMC around the Milky Way may have triggered the massive cluster 's formation in several ways .
The gravitational tug of the Milky Way and the companion Small Magellanic Cloud may have compressed gas in the LMC .
Also , the pressure resulting from the LMC plowing through the Milky Way 's halo may have compressed gas in the satellite .
The cluster is a rare , nearby example of the many super star clusters that formed in the distant , early universe , when star birth and galaxy interactions were more frequent .
Previous Hubble observations have shown astronomers that super star clusters in faraway galaxies are ubiquitous .
The LMC is located 170,000 light - years away and is a member of the Local Group of Galaxies , which also includes the Milky Way .
The Hubble observations were taken Oct. 20 - 27 , 2009 .
The blue color is light from the hottest , most massive stars ; the green from the glow of oxygen ; and the red from fluorescing hydrogen .
Bankers Gone Bad : Financial Crisis Making The Threat Worse
Seventy percent of financial institutions in the past 12 months have had cases of insider fraud , new survey says
A former Wachovia Bank executive who had handled insider fraud incidents says banks are in denial about just how massive the insider threat problem is within their institutions .
Meanwhile , the economic crisis appears to be exacerbating the risk , with 70 percent of financial institutions saying they have experienced a case of data theft by one of their employees in the past 12 months , according to new survey data .
Shirley Inscoe , who spent 21 years at Wachovia handling insider fraud investigations and fraud prevention , says banks do n't want to talk about the insider fraud , and many are n't aware that it's an " epic problem . "
" There needs to be more training around this issue , " says Inscoe , who co-authored a book about bank insider fraud called Insidious -- How Trusted Employees Steal Millions and Why It 's So Hard for Banks to Stop Them , which publishes later this month .
" We are seeing a huge increase in this country of organized crime rings threatening individuals who work in financial institutions and making them [ commit fraud on their behalf ] , " she says .
Meanwhile , according to a new survey by Actimize , nearly 80 percent of financial institutions worldwide say the insider threat problem has increased in the wake of the economic downturn .
" A significant number of folks are being impacted more than a couple of years ago , " which is when the last survey was conducted , says Paul Henninger , director of the financial crimes product group at Actimize .
The Actimize survey found that only 28 percent of financial institutions had not suffered an insider breach in the past 12 months .
" The severe recession has put these employees into a position to cross the line , " he says .
Interestingly , it 's not the stereotypical offshore or outsourced employee who 's most risky to their organizations .
Nearly 70 percent of financial institutions say their full - time employees are most likely to pose an insider fraud threat , versus 10 percent of part - timers , 8 percent of outsourced workers , 6 percent of temporary workers , and 5 percent of offshore employees , according to the survey .
Nearly 60 percent of the respondents in the survey ranked tellers and traders as the highest risk of insider fraud , followed by administrative / back office ( 55.74 percent ) , technology ( 34.43 percent ) , executive / senior management ( 29.51 percent ) , call center ( 29.51 percent ) , and line of business ( 26.63 ) employees .
The typical profile of the banker fraudster that Inscoe and co-author BC Krishna say typically commit these crimes is one of a bank 's top performers , who is well - versed in its operations and how to circumvent them and remain under the radar .
But some security measures for limiting user access to sensitive data , such as minimizing user privileges , do n't apply cleanly for banks .
" What makes this problem interesting is that these employees need to have these privileges -- branch managers , customer service representatives , call center workers , " Memento 's Krishna says .
" If you take them away , they can't do their jobs ... a teller needs user privileges to go in and change an address , for example .
It 's impossible to implement dual controls -- you 'd create customer service problems .
The best thing they can do is proactively monitor and look for signs that user entitlements are n't being abused . "
And in most insider fraud cases at banks , the employee has the motivation ( think financial pressure , revenge ) and the opportunity .
Many of these cases start out with the insider intending to repay the money they moved or stole , Inscoe says .
" In every situation I 've been aware of , the person has been intending to repay the money , almost like a short - term loan they 're giving themselves , " she says .
Unfortunately , the scam continues and the person never actually gives back the money , Inscoe adds .
Some banks are also missing a key element of the insider threat , too , she says .
" Some are only focused on internal fraud if money is involved .
I have a huge problem with that , " Inscoe says .
So if an employee is caught surfing customer data , they do n't bother pursuing the case because no money was lost or stolen , she says .
" But for all they know the employee was selling that data to an external crime ring , incurring huge losses , " she says .
" And it breaks the customer 's trust in their financial institution [ if these cases are overlooked ] .
I have a real problem if banks say the only real insider fraud is if they see hard dollar loss . "
' Should Have Been Caught Long Ago '
Nearly half of the banks in the Actimize survey say they are losing 1 to 4 percent of their total revenues to insider fraud , and the biggest challenges to meeting the threat are cost / expense ( 67 percent ) , data availability / access ( 55.77 percent ) , availability of tools ( 46 percent ) , and general resources / priorities ( 46 percent ) .
Inscoe and Krishna 's book , meanwhile , explores several real insider fraud cases , including that of " Donna Lee Munson , " a former assistant vice president of a bank in Georgia .
The authors interviewed Munson ( which is not her real name ) , who was convicted of stealing nearly $ 200,000 from her bank , in their book just prior to her serving her 18 - month sentence at a federal prison .
Munson transferred small amounts of money from bank customers ' CD's to her own account over a period of time , with the intention to pay it back .
" I never took any cash .
Cash seemed wrong to me .
Cash seemed like a tool of my job .
But the paper part of it just seemed different , " she said in the book interview .
Munson said her situation became so out of hand that she was unable to repay the money without arousing suspicion .
Munson said banks should have better systems to catch employees like her who use their jobs to steal money .
" They should have caught me a long time ago , " she said in the interview .
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message .
Kelly Jackson Higgins is the Executive Editor of Dark Reading .
She is an award - winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications , including Network Computing , Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
Widespread fears over the future of Test cricket have been partly assuaged by the news that the BCCI has asked South Africa to play two Tests in India during their tour early next year , dropping two one - day internationals from the schedule to make space for the five - day matches .
India 's change of mind - the tour was just going to comprise seven ODIs before being cut to five - came about after they ascended to the ICC's No. 1 ranking in Tests for the first time .
Cricket South Africa chief executive Gerald Majola confirmed the request and said they were now trying to make space for the Tests , which would lengthen the tour by a week .
" They [ India ] have requested we play two Tests and three ODIs and we are still considering it , " Majola said .
" We still have to consult with the South African Cricketers ' Association , the team management , our playing regulations and fixtures committees , as well as the board .
It would extend the tour by another week , but we would like to accommodate them and I do n't foresee a problem with it . "
The dramatic about - turn came only four days after Majola was forced to issue a statement saying the Tests in India had merely been postponed , after a storm of criticism in South Africa that the No. 1 and 2 sides in the premier version of the game would not meet in that format .
It is believed CSA is calling on the sponsors of their Twenty20 domestic competition - the Standard Bank Pro20 - to agree to a postponement of their semi-finals and final by a week in order to accommodate the Tests in India and ensure the country 's top players are back for the knockout stages of the Pro20 .
The first round of Standard Bank Pro20 semi-finals are due to start on February 24 , with the second round beginning on March 3 and the final on March 12 .
Those dates would all need to be shifted back by at least a week now , meaning the last two rounds of the four - day Supersport Series would have to be moved into April .
The two teams that advance to the Standard Bank Pro20 final land themselves a lucrative place in the Champions League Twenty20 , so the franchises are understandably eager for their best players to be available .
India 's newly - acquired position atop the Test rankings was under threat because they were only scheduled to play two Tests in the next 11 months , which explains its sudden interest in playing more Tests .
Cricket South Africa has invariably tried to ensure they do n't land on the wrong side of the BCCI , so it is likely India will get its wish and Test cricket will have a stellar showdown to look forward to .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , October 7 , 2009
A new video produced in association with the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI and narrated by former Denver Broncos quarterback John Elway urges people to report suspicious activity that could constitute terrorism , behavior that includes buying gold , owning guns , using a watch or binoculars , donating to charity , and all manner of mundane things .
The eight minute video was produced by the Colorado - based Center for Empowered Living and Learning ( CELL ) in conjunction with the International Association of Chiefs of Police conference to promote CELL ’s $ 7 million dollar exhibit entitled “ Anyone , Anytime , Anywhere : Understanding the Threat of Terrorism , ” which is currently on display at the Mizel Museum in Denver , Colorado .
The production was funded by a $ 30,400 grant from the Department of Homeland Security and made in association with the Colorado Information Analysis Center .
The video wastes no time in advancing the DHS agenda to single out average Americans as the new target of the war on terror , a process that we have exhaustively documented for years through all manner of official reports , from the infamous MIAC document to the DHS “ Domestic Extremism Lexicon ” memo that equates people who question authority with violent extremism and terrorism .
In every single instance portrayed in the CELL video , the terrorists are either white or black American citizens .
As the Denver Westworld blog notes , in John Elway ’s world , everything is suspicious and everything is indicative of “ a world where average - looking white people want to murder you and everyone around you . ”
“ Anyone can become a victim of terrorism , any time , anywhere .
Together , we can change this .
Each of us has a responsibility to protect our community and we can do so by recognizing the signs of terrorism and taking proper action to stop it , ” says Elway .
The clip characterizes all manner of mundane activities as potential signs of terrorism , splitting them into eight different categories , and shows other Americans reporting people to the authorities for such behavior .
Under the heading of “ funding , ” the video shows an image of U.S. Liberty Head gold coins , suggesting that people who buy or handle gold bullion are probable terrorists .
In the same montage , an image of a handgun is flashed , implying that gun owners are also under suspicion .
[ efoods ] Using a watch , a pair of binoculars , or donating to a charity are all potential Al - Qaeda behavior , the video implies .
Do you use e mail or the telephone to find out information about things ?
You ’re probably a terrorist , according to the DHS , which classifies such behavior as “ elicitation , ” one of the eight signs of terror .
Do you occasionally monitor police radio , as thousands did during the recent G20 protests in Pittsburgh ?
You ’re a terrorist .
Do you notice surveillance cameras or occasionally attempt to watch big brother back ?
You ’re a terrorist .
Petty criminal behavior such as theft and trespassing is also flagged as a sign of terrorism .
“ The success of defending our community ’s safety depends upon our shared commitment , ” says Elway at the end of the clip .
“ It ’s a beautiful day here in Colorado and there can be many more like this with the help of people like you . ”
In other words , report your neighbors for everyday activity otherwise you ’ll be hit by another 9/11 .
As we have continually highlighted , the entire apparatus of the war on terror has been shifted to target the American people .
By defining mundane activities as potential terror , those in power want to create a society where everyone feels under suspicion and guilty even if they are a completely law - abiding citizen .
Indeed , the implication is that only those who join the tyranny and become informers for the state can feel truly patriotic and avoid the glare of big brother .
As we discussed with the MIAC report and a whole host of others , the federal government apparently has very little concern for any perceived terrorist threat to America coming from the MIddle East or Al - Qaeda cells within the country , and indeed if any such threat existed we are only in more danger , because the feds have been busy training law enforcement and brainwashing the public that law - abiding American citizens who exercise their legal right to purchase firearms , who own gold , who take photographs , donate to charities or who attempt to find out information about things , are potential terrorists who should be grassed up to the authorities without delay .
Watch the CELL video below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Chemists in Korea and the US have shown that the current running through a transistor made of a single molecule can be regulated by tweaking its molecular orbital energies .
This observation brings molecular electronics closer to behaving like conventional silicon - based devices .
Takhee Lee from the Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology , South Korea , and Mark Reed from Yale University , US , used a battery of spectroscopic techniques to prove that their devices were true single molecule transistors .
They also showed that an externally applied voltage was modulating the current by changing the molecular orbital energy levels of those molecules , and that different molecules behave differently depending on their orbital energy levels .
Field effect transistors ( FETs ) - the basis of computer chips - have three electrodes .
The ’ source ’ and ’ drain ’ electrodes carry current through the device , while the ’ gate ’ electrode controls how much current can flow by applying a ’ bias ’ voltage , much like a volume controller .
Lee explains that while single molecule versions of FETs have been made before , evidence of current control coming from direct electrostatic interaction of the gate electrode and the molecular orbitals has remained elusive .
’ It ’s difficult to make these devices , ’ says Lee , ’ and even more difficult to take the measurements , ’ adding that it has taken nearly ten years of hard work to achieve these results .
To make the transistors , the team needed to trap their subject molecules in tiny gaps between the source and drain electrodes .
Lee explains that they used an established process called electromigration , where large currents are passed through gold nanowires , making tiny breaks as gold atoms move around .
If the nanowires are coated with the molecules they want to test , then sometimes as a gap forms molecules will get trapped between the two ends .
The whole assembly sits on an oxidised aluminium base which acts as the gate electrode .
To show that the applied gate voltage was really interacting with the molecular orbitals of the trapped molecule , the team used a technique called inelastic electron tunnelling ( IET ) spectroscopy .
This reveals interactions of the current - carrying electrons with the vibrations of the molecule as they tunnel through it to pass between the source and drain electrodes .
The team used two different molecules in their devices , both with thiol groups at either end to stick to the gold surfaces .
Comparing FETs made from the saturated aliphatic1,8 - octanedithiol with devices made from aromatic 1,4 - benzenedithiol showed a significant difference - only the aromatic molecule showed differences in its IET spectrum with different gate voltages .
This means that , although both molecules make functioning FETs , their interactions with the gate voltage is very different .
This is down to their orbital structure , says Mark Ratner from Northwestern University in Illinois , US .
’ We know a lot about orbitals in isolated molecules , ’ Ratner says , ’ but inside a junction molecules are being beaten up by all these electrical fields , which is why it ’s been so hard to make these measurements . ’
He adds that what the team have shown is that knowledge of orbital structure can be applied to predicting how molecules will behave in these devices .
’ It gives the community a hunting license to try these experiments on other molecules - and says that if you do it right , you will get what you think you should get , based on the molecular structure . ’
While the measurements confirm what theoreticians had predicted , the prospect of functional electronics based on single molecules is still a long way off , says Lee .
He points out that electromigration is currently uncontrollable and the yield of useful devices is quite small .
’ We made 418 devices and only 35 of them worked properly , ’ he says , ’it will take a breakthrough technique to get to a manufacturing level . ’
Phillip Broadwith
Increasingly , hackers fight alongside ground troops Cyber war has moved from fiction to fact , says a report .
Compiled by security firm McAfee , it bases its conclusion on analysis of recent net - based attacks .
Analysis of the motives of the actors behind many attacks carried out via the internet showed that many were mounted with a explicitly political aim .
It said that many nations were now arming to defend themselves in a cyber war and readying forces to conduct their own attacks .
While definitions of what constitutes cyber war are not shared , it was clear that many nations were preparing for a future in which conflict was partly conducted via the net .
" There are at least five countries known to be arming themselves for this kind of conflict , " said Greg Day , primary analyst for security at McAfee Europe .
The UK , Germany , France , China and North Korea are known to be developing their own capabilities .
If it is someone stealing information or planting logic bombs , it 's far more difficult to find them
Chris Wysopal , Veracode
The US is known to have an operating manual governing the rules and procedures of how it can use cyber warfare tactics .
It is known to have used hack attacks alongside ground operations during the Iraq war and has continued to use this cyber capability while policing the nation .
Mr Day said there was evidence of a growing number of attacks that could be classed as " reconaissance " in advance of a future conflict .
The ease with which the tools of such attacks can be gathered and used was worrying , said Mr Day .
" To go to physical war requires billions of dollars , " he said .
" To go to cyber war most people can easily find the resources that could be used in these kind of attacks . "
The targets of such future conflicts were likely to be a nation 's infrastructure , said Mr Day , because networks of all kinds were now so embedded in peoples ' lives .
In response , he said , many nations now have an agency overseeing critical national infrastructure and ensuring that it is adequately hardened against net - borne attacks .
Chris Wysopal , chief technology officer at Veracode which advises many governments on security , said cyber war presented its own problems when it came to deciding motive and finding the perpetrators .
" In physical warfare it 's pretty clear who has which weapon and how they are using them , " he said .
" In the networked world that attribution is incredibly difficult . "
The same is true for cyber crime , he said , where following a trail of money can lead investigators back to a band of thieves .
" If it is someone stealing information or planting logic bombs , it 's far more difficult to find them , " he said .
Mr Wysopal said many governments had woken up to the threat and were starting to put in place systems and agencies that could help protect them .
However , he said , they still had some weaknesses .
" The thing about governments doing this is that they have a time horizon of many years , " he said .
" But the criminals are doing it in a matter of months . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gamers who want to try out Warhammer Online : Age of Reckoning now have as long as they 'd like to do so .
Mythic has extended the duration of the MMO 's free trial period to " endless . "
That means that curious players can futz around with the game 's 24 different careers to their hearts ' content .
New recruits can play their characters up to level 10 , explore the zones of Norland and Norsca , dig into the newly added Hunter 's Vale dungeon and fight other players in the Nordenwatch , Gates of Ekrund and Khaine 's Embrace player - versus - player scenarios .
To welcome new players , Mythic has launched a tutorial quest called the New User Journey – which will help players learn the ropes of Warhammer Online and help ease them in to the game 's online community .
No purchase is necessary to participate in the trial .
A downloadable client installs 1GB of content onto the player 's hard drive , then streams additional content as needed .
Image courtesy Mythic
See Also :
Learn Chinese Online ★ Flashcards Practice and test your Chinese vocabulary with our audio flashcard system and various exercises , such as multiple choice tests , writing exercises and listening exercises .
★
Texts Explained texts for beginner , intermediate or advanced learners .
External texts can be analyzed with our Text Anaylzer .
★ Newsletter , Games and more Daily exercises with our free newsletter .
Compete with other users with our addictive games .
Track your progress with monthly tests .
★ Free or Premium Account Free Basic Account or an affordable Premium Account .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - The Vatican said on Saturday it had not yet decided whether to take legal action against the woman who lunged at Pope Benedict while calls grew for more efficient security to protect the pontiff .
Pope Benedict XVI waves to the faithful during the Angelus prayer from a window of his private apartment at the Vatican December 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alessandro Bianchi
The pope appeared fit as he made his usual appearance on Saturday at noon from his window overlooking St Peter ’s Square to address the faithful on the day after Christmas , a national holiday in Italy .
The Vatican said its justice officials would decide over the next few days what steps to take against Susanna Maiolo , 25 , an Italian - Swiss national .
Maiolo shocked the Catholic world and Vatican security when she jumped over a barricade in the basilica , lunged at Pope Benedict , grabbed his vestments and knocked him to the floor .
Usually those who commit offences in the Vatican , which is a sovereign state surrounded by Rome , are handed over to the Italian justice system for prosecution and eventual trial .
The Turkish gunman who shot and nearly killed Pope John Paul in St Peter ’s Square in 1981 was tried in an Italian court and sentenced to life in prison .
But Maiolo is said to have a history of mental illness and it is still not clear if she had any intention of harming the Pope .
She was not armed and he was not harmed .
A spokesman said Vatican justice “ is usually benevolent , ” signaling Maiolo will most likely be put into long - term care in an Italian psychiatric institution with no charges filed .
While Maiolo may not face trial , Vatican security is already being tried by the media and privately in the Vatican itself .
Vatican sources said a number of top level officials have privately called for what one called “ a detailed review ” of security procedures that would allow the pope to maintain contact with the public but reduce risk .
“ GREATER VIGILANCE ”
The Vatican has come under criticism because Maiolo had tried last year at the same Christmas Eve event to jump over the barricade and lunge at the pope but was that time blocked .
“ Given that dramatic background , it is hugely embarrassing that this was allowed to happen this year , ” the Belfast telegraph said in an editorial .
“ Surely , with hindsight , the Vatican authorities should have been much more prepared for any eventuality . ”
French Cardinal Paul Poupard told a French radio station that “ greater vigilance was called for . ”
Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi has said it was impossible to provide watertight security for the pope because being close to people is part of his mission .
“ The pope wants to have a direct , pastoral relationship with people where you can touch children , shake hands and do what you want to do and what the people want you to do , ” Lombardi said .
“ If you want watertight security you ca n’t do that .
Being out of touch with people , being far from them , runs against the spirit of his mission so there will always be a risk , ” he said .
With the exception of seats in the front rows , tickets for papal events are not assigned to specific individuals .
They are free and can be had at the Vatican or in churches around Rome with little or no controls on those who get them .
Visitors to the basilica pass through metal detectors but security once they get inside is relatively light .
Meanwhile the Vatican said that French Cardinal Roger Etchegaray , 87 , who broke a femur bone when he fell in the basilica , would likely undergo surgery on Sunday .
( CNN ) --
A security alert aboard a Northwest Airlines jet ended Sunday after investigators determined the incident -- the second in two days involving a Detroit , Michigan - bound flight -- was " non-serious , " federal authorities said .
The crew of Northwest Flight 253 reported a " verbally disruptive " passenger Sunday and requested police meet the plane when it arrived from the Netherlands , the airline told CNN .
The man was questioned by police after the plane landed in Detroit early Sunday afternoon .
That passenger was released from the custody of the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol and the Joint Terrorism Task Force .
He was allowed to make a planned connection to an unspecified destination , a spokesman for the Detroit Wayne County Airport Authority said .
The passenger 's name was not released .
The Amsterdam - to - Detroit flight is the same one targeted Friday in what prosecutors called a failed attempt to blow up a jetliner .
Sandra Berchtold , a spokeswoman for the Joint Terrorism Task Force in Detroit , said Sunday 's alert was caused by a passenger who " spent a lengthy time in the restroom . "
" This raised concerns , so an alert was raised , " she said .
" JTTF investigated , and the investigation shows that this was a non-serious incident and all is clear at this point . "
The passenger spent about an hour in the bathroom and got upset when he was questioned by the crew of the flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , according to government sources .
Law enforcement agents questioned the man Sunday .
The jet had the same designation -- Flight 253 -- as the one on which a Nigerian man is accused of attempting to set off an explosive device Friday , said Scott Wintner , a spokesman for the Wayne County Airport Authority .
Winter told CNN the flight " requested emergency assistance and was pulled aside upon arrival in Detroit . "
The jet was taken a long distance from the terminal and " completely engulfed " by emergency vehicles and heavily armed police once it landed , said Don Graham , who was waiting for relatives to arrive at the airport .
The flight arrived about 12:34 p.m. , said Susan Elliott , a spokeswoman for Delta Air Lines , which owns Northwest .
The 257 passengers were allowed to leave the aircraft about an hour after the jet landed , she said .
Sunday 's strong security response -- with emergency vehicles converging on the plane and President Obama being notified immediately -- showed how the failed bombing on Christmas Day had shaken the nation .
Meanwhile , a movie clip and two men watching it led to a security scare aboard a jetliner Saturday night heading to Phoenix , Arizona , authorities said .
Police and federal agents greeted US Airways Flight 192 as it landed at Sky Harbor Airport after passengers reported two men on the plane were acting suspiciously on the trip from Orlando , Florida .
Transportation Security Administration spokesperson Suzanne Trevino said the two men were detained as K - 9 units swept the plane .
Nothing was found .
FBI spokesman Manuel Johnson said a combination of behavior caused passengers to be concerned , including the men talking loudly and one man standing up when the stay - seated light was on .
Johnson said the men , described to the FBI by passengers as being " Middle Eastern " in appearance , were watching a movie clip of what appeared to be a suicide bomber .
It turned out to be the movie " The Kingdom , " starring Jamie Foxx and Jennifer Garner .
The 2 - year - old film is about FBI agents investigating a mass murder in Saudi Arabia , according to the movie 's Web site .
Johnson said the men were released when their story checked out , and they were allowed to travel on to San Diego , California .
CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers , Alona Rivord , Miguel Susana , Steve Brusk and Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Buy the Numbers ... "
( 32 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Dan-in - PA said on 10/31/2009 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
That 's very clear and undeniable .
Well done .
I 'm borrowing this , thank you .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/31/2009 @ 6:25 pm PT ...
As I believe , the corporate media is doing their job , which is to speak for corporations , the wealthiest few , and the military industrial complex .
They 're not doing a bad job , they 're doing their job .
It 's no accident that they 're always not " doing their job " .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/31/2009 @ 7:36 pm PT ...
Are n't you overlooking the fact that this House " healthcare " bill is more like the House " mandatory health insurance " bill ?
Yes , yes , good it 's so much less than blowing innocent people to bits for drill , but , er , it 's not healthcare reform .
That 's just what they call it .
So I do n't think it 's that great of an idea to be using it in the yardstick here .
And , again , every single self - proclaimed conservative I know , and those are a lot , wants SINGLE PAYER .
So Congress is the only entity beside the health insurance companies who benefit from both the trumped - up and trumpeted tea party blather about it , and using it in arguments like this .
Both are giving the Democrats political cover for not delivering what they did n't want to deliver from the git : healthcare reform .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/31/2009 @ 7:50 pm PT ...
Lookee hyere at the latest from the AP [ Appalling Propagandists ] ....
I do n't think this is anything to be using here .
Not good enough against outright psychotic does n't get us any nearer good enough , contrary to the crowing party hacks have been doing about it , and does n't faze outright psychotic .
And knocking out Dennis ' amendment is further proof this is a bad faith maneuver .
Nope .
I really think you need to stick something more worthy in there against the war bucks and the propagandized pissed off people .
I really , really do .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 10/31/2009 @ 8:01 pm PT ...
Dammit 99 you stole my thunder ...
I was going to write : Percent of the population that the Public Option would cover : Two
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/31/2009 @ 8:05 pm PT ...
Oh , shit !
I blew it !
He probably would have listened to you !
He never listens to me !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/31/2009 @ 9:19 pm PT ...
And if you have n't seen this forty minutes between Glenn Greenwald and Bill Moyers , you gotta get to it right away .
It was n't broadcast on PBS ; it's what they call a " web exclusive " and it should have been on everyone 's tv on Friday night ... but settle for watching it online .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/1/2009 @ 10:09 am PT ...
Great thought , Soul Rebel !
I should have included that !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/1/2009 @ 10:22 am PT ...
The torturer 's daughter says Bush / Cheney visited the war dead at Dover but not with TV cameras like Obama ... too bad she did n't mention Bush and her torturer father NEVER ( ZERO ) visited the war dead at Dover , she LIED : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfC4TqtdGVk
She should 've mentioned that her father the torturer also had FIVE deferments from Vietnam .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/1/2009 @ 10:26 am PT ...
You know what else the torturer 's daughter does n't mention ?
All those dead going through Dover are a result of her father & Bush 's LIES !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/1/2009 @ 10:34 am PT ...
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 11/1/2009 @ 11:45 pm PT ...
[ed note : Comment deleted .
You are on the moderation queue because you are continually trying to hijack threads with your own pet cause , using Brad 's blog as your soapbox , and no amount of complaining or warning from me ever seems to daunt you in this .
You would be welcome , more than welcome , to comment here , if you would stop this nasty activity .
I do n't know who disagrees with your views on your subject , CERTAINLY not me , but I strongly disagree with your abuse of this blog .
So , please , either reconsider your belligerence and participate reasonably , or go away .
Thank you . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/2/2009 @ 3:27 am PT ...
99 gets no respect ... he-he
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 11/2/2009 @ 7:09 am PT ...
99
You also seen this , right ?
Brad ,
Would love to add to your numbers ,
But I refuse to " Twit "
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/2/2009 @ 10:34 am PT ...
Shortbus ! Man [ ? ] after my own heart !
No .
I do n't have a tv and I miss a lot of shows ... so , thanks !
And , do n't get me started on twitting ....
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/2/2009 @ 11:34 am PT ...
Flo , it 's so damn lucky for Brad that I 'm such a lame excuse for a Zen mistress and do n't care if he respects me , or I 'd have to join Moderators ' Anonymous or something ....
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R. said on 11/4/2009 @ 1:38 am PT ...
Cost of national defense authorization bill for 2010 only , as signed by Obama on Wednesday without objection from tea baggers : $ 680 billion Cost of national defense authorization bill for 2010 only , as signed by Obama on Wednesday without coverage / objection at Brad Blog : $ 680 billion I find your work to be really genuine , but I also find it to be very partisan .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 11/4/2009 @ 8:11 am PT ...
Brian R @ 17
I find your work to be really genuine , but I also find it to be very partisan .
You ignore the last line of Brad 's " Buy the Numbers " piece ...
Cost of misplaced tea bagger / media priorities : priceless Brad 's main point seems to be ( if I may Brad )
about the manufactured outrage of these teabaggers ... Brad does n't seem to have a partisan dog in this fight ... hell as a matter of fact I 'm outraged that the left is n't out there raising a fuss .
But the left seems to be in it 's constant state of wimpy inertia that empowered the far right in the first place ...
Fact is Brian R , it 's the teabaggers squawking about the costs of everything , not the left ... but teabaggers are silent about the numbers that Brad 's quoted .
That my friend tells me who the teabaggers are actually representing ... the Banks , Wall Street and the Military Industrial Complex .
That 's extremely partisan if you ask me .
The fact that Brad quoted the defense authorization costs was very unpartisan ... I wish we could hear this kind of news on the mainstream media .... oh yeah !
the mainstream media are owned by the same entities that benefit from our ignorance ... Corporations and Military Contractors ... who keep the Banks and Wall Street flush with our cash .
You see Brian this is n't a partisan thing .... but Wall Street and Corporations ( especially Banks ) love a partisan fight ... they exploit that to it 's fullest .
It 's why the teabaggers exist .
Teabaggers ignorance is very profitable to the aforementioned institutions ... real news is n't partisan , it 's enlightening .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R. said on 11/4/2009 @ 3:21 pm PT ...
par·ti·san 1 ( pärt-zn )
n .
1 . A fervent , sometimes militant supporter or proponent of a party , cause , faction , person , or idea .
You see Brian this is n't a partisan thing .... but Wall Street and Corporations ( especially Banks ) love a partisan fight ... they exploit that to it 's fullest .
It 's why the teabaggers exist .
Teabaggers ignorance is very profitable to the aforementioned institutions ...
Your ignorance is just as profitable .
But keep blaming it on the tea baggers , do whatever you have to do to sleep at night .
Instead of blaming them , understand that Glenn Beck is disinforming hardcore , whiole others disinform with a velvet glove ( olberman , former sports man . )
Stop blaming the fruit of the tree , start treating the soil .
You are seperating yourself from others .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 11/4/2009 @ 7:19 pm PT ...
Brian @ # 19 ....
Brian you 're getting closer ... yet the issue still eludes you .
The partisans in this case are the Bankers , Wall Street and Military Industrial complex .
The teabaggers are simply their unwitting accomplices ... it 's really quite simple and eloquent .
The teabaggers by their simple distractions ( with media assistance no doubt ) are keeping the public 's attention on their shrill * protests * and loony accusations that do n't pass scrutiny ... but said teabaggers do n't really examine things .... they 're told what to hate and then go out and hate .
All the while the Bankers , Wall Street and Military Industrial complex ; the true partisans , who own both parties make out like bandits .... you see my friend Brian the aforementioned cabal is partisan to themselves and their friends only .
The teabaggers are their tools ... as it were .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R. said on 11/5/2009 @ 9:22 am PT ...
You are a tool too !
The teabaggers , democrats , republicans , environmentalists ... all are tools .
Do you think Toyota 's goal this quarter is to sell LESS Prious's ?
Do you think the Green movement is real ?
Is that the same one being funded by Chevron , Exxon , Shell and other Corps .
TOOLS .
Until you realise how you are being used we will still fight each other .
You think the teabaggersa are the problem ?
No more so than everyone in a hybrid , SUV , Green Home , or any other new age sell - you - what - you - think - is - right bullshit .
But keep blabbing bout the teabaggers ...
Youll have years of making fun of im sure .
And they will do the same to you , because you have been partisaned .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R. said on 11/5/2009 @ 9:28 am PT ...
... yet the issue still eludes you No , there are just bigger issues .
And you are stuck in that one .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Bluehawk said on 11/5/2009 @ 12:49 pm PT ...
Brian P @ 21 & 22
Do you know who funds the teabaggers ?
The tea parties , he points out , are funded by typical Republican billionaires and promoted by Fox News .
I ask you sincerly Brian ... Where were the teabaggers when ...
Bush spent a $ trillion dollars going into the quagmires of Iraq and Afghanistan ... prompted by the Banks , Big oil and defense contractors who made out like bandits on those wars ... all on our money .
Where were the teabaggers when Bush cut taxes on the rich while leaving middle class taxes stagnant ... Bush then borrowed heavily from the federal Reserve to fund his tax cuts for the rich , sinking the U.S. further into debt .
the only ones that made out on that were rich folks and the private corporation that is the Federal Reserve ... the teabaggers were silent .
Where were the teabaggers during Bush - Cheney 's illegal surveillance of Americans .
I could go on and on Brian ... but teabaggrs are funded by health insurance lobbyists , bankers and other corporate leeches who use the public treasury for their own enrichment .
I ask you Brian to please explain to me what exactly the teabageers beef is ?
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R. said on 11/5/2009 @ 6:18 pm PT ...
teabaggrs are funded by health insurance lobbyists
My impression is different .
I wonder , how did you come to this conclusion ?
To answer your question I must know something else .
When you say " teabaggers , " what do you mean ?
( A) Did you mean the millions who have rallied for better governing ?
( B) Did you mean the media - from Glenn Beck to Keith Olberman playing peoples emotions like fiddle's ?
( C ) Or did you mean the small fraction of people in the rallies who literally work for health insurance companies ?
I think you are talking about ( A )
If I am correct , I translate that as a person to person fight ; partisaned
If this is the case you have overlooked the importance of ( B ) and its influence on ( A ) .
( A ) is a group most of us belong to , unpleased in someway of the " representation " in our Government .
So unless you belong to the ( C ) or ( B ) group , you are fighting yourself .
I doubt that you belong to the unmentioned ( D ) group : Banking
The ( D ) group controls the ( B ) groups , and consequentially the ( A ) groups .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 11/5/2009 @ 7:46 pm PT ...
Brian P
I have to wonder if you 're being purposely deflective and obtuse .
Your alphabet soup in comment 24 is needless to wade through .
Brian you have n't addressed any of my issues or questions ; I was pretty straight forward I think .
You seem to be an exposed nerve with no relief ... you 're angry about Brad 's piece on teabaggers and want someone to ride your merry go round of retribution .
I wo n't do that Brian ... life is too short .
When you have something solid to add to this convo I will listen ... I ask you to read my comments again and answer one thing I put forth or asked you .
If not then have a nice life ....
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R said on 11/5/2009 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
I think Brad was picking on people , and extremes of any type are an easy target .
You want to know the tea baggers beef ?
I want to know what you mean by tea baggers .
The tea partiers I know were OUT there during Bush and are still out during Obama .
You see it started with 9/11 truth rallies , followed by a light rain of Ron Paul , and anti-war - CIA - Central Banking - Foreign Military Base - Bank bailout - stimulus spending - tax raising - sentiment .
The tea baggers you ( dont ) know are following a popular " media " channel known as FOX .
Glenn Beck is an obvious shit starter .
Probably an agent of counter intelligence program either knowingly or unknowingly .
The people who follow him are blind vicitms of propaganda .
But the same polar opposite exists .
YOU
I would rather try to rach out and lend a hand a say , " Beck is not the answer . "
But political energy is ; we need it , and anger is brewing on all sides of the aisle .
Thats because We The people are n't represented anymore .
Maybe that is what it comes down to ...
And so I hope you find an answer in that , and yes , I will have a nice life , but trying to unite the People is no easy job -
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Bluehawk said on 11/6/2009 @ 6:58 am PT ...
Brian P @ 26 I think Brad was picking on people Brad asked questions .
Teabaggers answered .
That 's picking on people ?
I want to know what you mean by tea baggers .
You 're being obtuse again .
The tea partiers I know were OUT there during Bush and are still out during Obama
No they were n't .
They organized after Obama 's election .
The more of you I read Brian the more your credibility plummets .
You see it started with 9/11 truth rallies , followed by a light rain of Ron Paul , and anti-war - CIA - Central Banking - Foreign Military Base - Bank bailout - stimulus spending - tax raising - sentiment .
These teabaggers are n't 9/11 truthers and they are n't out there being Ron Paul supporters ; I 've heard no teabaggers commenting on the leeches that is the Fed , Wall Street and M.I.C.... Ron Paul is calling for an audit of the Federal Reserve bank ; yet these teabaggers are silent about that .
The tea baggers you ( dont ) know are following a popular " media " channel known as FOX .
Glenn Beck is an obvious shit starter .
Probably an agent of counter intelligence program either knowingly or unknowingly .
The people who follow him are blind vicitms of propaganda .
The teabaggers I DO KNOW are angry folks with no place to focus their anger .
The right wing propaganda machine has tapped that anger like an oil well ... and focused it on furthering their own ( right wing ) interests .
The teabaggers I DO KNOW are decent , yet pathetically uninformed people .
Your last sentence is an obvious contradiction of your own position here .... read how your previous quote starts and your last sentence in this quote ... Glaring contradiction .
Not good for your credibility .
But the same polar opposite exists .
YOU Read back my comments ... Show me .
I would rather try to rach out and lend a hand a say , " Beck is not the answer . "
But political energy is ; we need it , and anger is brewing on all sides of the aisle .
Why would I reach out a hand to a movement that does n't reflect my issues or values ?
There was a lot of political energy in Nazi Germany too ... One does n't simply seek " political energy " ...
One seeks truth energy .
Teabaggers are n't motivated by the truth .
They 're motivated by anger ... a manipulated angry mob is only seeking retribution ... not solutions .
Thats because We The people are n't represented anymore .
I agree .... but the teabaggers are representing those that are invested in the status quo .
They 're extremely threatened by the changes that will be needed to heal this country .
trying to unite people is not an easy job I agree ... maybe you should examine your methods .
You did n't comment here in a uniting manner .
You made assumptions and accusations that only reflected your biases .
Personally I believe our issues are that a fascist oligharchy of banks , corporations and wall street have hijacked our government ...
They own both parties .
They 're using teabagger anger to thwart change and accountibility .
Your noble attempts to unite people have led you too those that are n't seeking union ... Theirs is a manufactured outrage to hinder any change .
There are plenty of things to be genuinely outraged about ... the teabagger movement is n't concerned about those .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/6/2009 @ 10:56 am PT ...
I fixed your broken code , Bluehawk .
Brian is right about the other Ron Paul issues ... or the other issues of his followers anyway ... and he 's right about trying to unite people .
No good reason why we could n't be out among them at these coöpted protests , agreeing with what we agree on and helping to educate our brothers and sisters about the real causes of the troubles .
And those troubles are NOT all Bush / Fudd perfidies .
Bill Clinton is also guilty and so is Barack Obama , by commission , not just because he's in office now , and not because he 's too new , but because he has overtly endorsed them and is continuing them .
The teabaggers I DO KNOW are decent , yet pathetically uninformed people .
That seems like a fairly accurate account of them to me , and since it is mostly true , so much the more should we be friendly and informative instead of putting them down for their ignorance ....
So much the more should we be checking the soundness of our own positions and being willing to cop to our weaknesses when faced by our irate and misled fellows .
So I think Brian 's trying to do a good thing here , even if you suspect his motives .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 11/6/2009 @ 2:48 pm PT ...
Agent 99 @ 28 Merci beaucoup 99 for the cleanup of my post .... I agree about Ron Paul ... he needs all the support he can get .
No good reason why we could n't be out among them at these coöpted protests , agreeing with what we agree on and helping to educate our brothers and sisters about the real causes of the troubles .
That 's also a noble concept 99 ... but have you ever tried to inform , discuss with and or educate someone who 's not willing to listen ?
Bill Clinton is also guilty and so is Barack Obama , by commission , not just because he's in office now , and not because he 's too new , but because he has overtly endorsed them and is continuing them .
Absolutely ... I do n't know if you read back my comments with Brian P... but I am well aware of Clinton 's and now Obama 's complicity in this mess .
So I think Brian 's trying to do a good thing here , even if you suspect his motives .
I do n't suspect Brian 's motives as much as I do the teabagger 's handlers motives .
I went to Brian 's website , I like a lot of his ideas ...
Again thank you 99 ... you need to know that I now cruise your site regularly ... it 's outstanding visually and informationally .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/6/2009 @ 3:18 pm PT ...
Well , obviously you are a man of impeccable taste !
I do n't mean to sound obtuse , here , but we bumbling Zen types have this saying ; to wit :
What do you call the world ?
It means that the world is to each of us what we only call it .
And when we stop calling something in the world what we call it , either think of a more productive name for it , or just leave it open and perform , stuff that always seemed on its face to be impossible turned out to be perfectly possible .
I 've tested this , and it is 100 % sound advice from the ancients .
[ Who , by the way , called this world " Endurance " ....]
Yes , I have spent untold hours trying to get opponents to listen , to open - mindedly listen and not be too stubborn to budge .
To my utter astonishment , I have found that people who identify as conservative , I HEAR YOU RUSH bumper stickers and all , are more likely to do just that if you sit down with them as equals and do n't put them down while you 're discussing stuff .
I have found that , in real life , on the ground situations , people who identify as liberals are more likely to call the police or some government agency when faced with , say , a stranger in extremis , where conservatives are just flat out more likely to help , up front , on the spot , do what they can to ease the problem in the moment ....
I 'm generalizing here , and also talking about personal experiences over a long life .
The most blaring example was when I set down in Petrolia , California , the very heart of the anti-environmentalist redneck timber industry good old boys during the midst of the huge Earth First ! debacles .
I was a complete stranger , and one local just walked right up to me and said , " Yer not one of them environmentalists , are you ? "
First thing .
I was n't in town for fifteen minutes .
The E - word had been just dripping with derision .
I merely gave him a wry smile and said , " I 'm just here to hang out for a few days . "
In under an hour there were four of them vying to show me where Maxxam had broken the law and where self - styled enviros had put in dirt driveways on the cheap with money donated to an enviro organization and those driveways were slipping into the streams below .
They were on fire for sense and decency to be recovered , but everybody who'd come was so busy blaming and shaming them , all they 'd been able to do was fight .
I can't help but think that a good many of these duped protesters are just the same ... wanting what is right as badly as any of us and sick of being assaulted by holier - than - thou activists ....
If we leave them to the gaping maw of plutocratic perfidy on top of plutocratic perfidy , everyone loses .
Thanks for your kind words .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/6/2009 @ 3:53 pm PT ...
I mean , I hope to hell the goal here is n't to get them to stop standing up for a better world , just to get them to do it with the right facts , adjust their aim , so to speak , and then to join them in protesting this broken and corrupt government ....
Right ?
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R said on 11/6/2009 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
In late September , as a controversial movie director spent the first week of her year - long sentence at FCI Waseca , a federal prison in Minnesota , Harvey Weinstein did n't bother to circulate a petition demanding her release .
Debra
Winger did n't issue a statement protesting the director 's incarceration and anticipating her next masterwork .
Peg Yorkin , founder of the Feminist Majority Foundation , did n't publicly wonder why the government had spent the last seven years trying to put the director in jail .
Maybe Janet Romano should have drugged and sodomized a 13 - year - old .
Or , at the very least , had better cinematic taste .
Unlike Roman Polanski , Romano has never won an Oscar for Best Picture .
In fact , the 31 - year - old porn auteur , ? whose credits as a director include Pain and Suffering , I Love to Hurt You , Cannibalism , and Sexual Intrusive Dysfunctional Society 2 , has never even won an AVN Award for Most Outrageous Sex Scene .
Still , you 'd think many of the creative types rallying around Polanski would be equally sympathetic to Romano 's plight .
Essentially , she 's in prison for rape , too — as is her husband , Rob Zicari .
But as Whoopi Goldberg might have put it , ? the rape that landed them in the slammer was n't actually rape - rape .
It was n't even ' 70s - style - libertine rape .
Instead , it was movie rape , a scene enacted by consenting adults .
Zicari and Romano , known in the porn industry as Rob Black and Lizzy Borden , were the primary figures behind Extreme Associates , a production company , which , along with a few others , began pushing the boundaries of what the mainstream adult video industry depicted in the late 1990s .
Of course , it was n't just porn that was growing more extreme in those days — all pop culture was .
It was the heyday of Marilyn Manson and Eminem , South Park , professional wrestling , Jackass , Fear Factor , World 's Wildest Police Videos , Girls Gone Wild , Tom Green , and most of all , the Internet , where websites like Rotten.com and Stileproject.com were assembling vast visual libraries of any taboo or depravity that could be digitized : gruesome crime and accident scene photos , animal snuff , people disfigured by bizarre medical conditions .
Along with everyone from NBC executives to computer nerds living in their parents ' basements , Zicari and Romano simply jumped into the fray .
Hollywood slasher films chopped nubile teens into pieces , so why could n't they simulate similar antics in their own efforts ?
Hollywood reality shows featured contestants eating pig rectums for money , so why could n't they engage in their own gross - out stunts ?
In their videos , female performers ( and the occasional male one ) were slapped , spat on , and verbally degraded .
Rapes and murders were depicted .
Vomit was vomited , then consumed again along with other bodily fluids .
And of course there was explicit hardcore sex .
Had Zicari and Romano stuck to just rape and murder , with some R- rated nudity to complement artful scenes of mutilation and dismemberment , as Hollywood does in movies like Hostel and House of 1000 Corpses , they could 've avoided a lot of trouble .
Likewise , had they focused on hardcore sex and kept the violence and puke out of it .
By mixing these various elements , however , they earned a 10 - count indictment on obscenity charges in 2003 .
In the eyes of many in the adult industry , they 'd brought this trouble on themselves .
A year earlier , a PBS Frontline documentary on porn included shots of Romano filming simulated rapes and murders that the members of the Frontline crew found so disturbing they fled the set .
At a time when anti-porn organizations were increasingly pressuring the Bush Administration to resume obscenity prosecutions against the adult porn industry — which had fallen by the wayside during President Clinton 's years in office — this was not exactly the kind of PR effort that mainstream adult companies like Vivid Entertainment and Wicked Pictures wanted to put out there .
Nor was Zicari 's combative rhetoric appreciated .
" We 've got tons of stuff they technically could arrest us for , " Zicari told Frontline .
" I 'm not out there saying I want to be the test case .
But I will be the test case .
I would welcome that . "
In 2004 , when I interviewed Zicari for a Reason article on the federal government 's newly energized campaign against the porn industry , he remained defiant .
" This is the World Series , and they 're the Boston Red Sox , " he exclaimed .
" They 're getting a chance that they have n't had in 9 billion years , and if they blow this , they can never come back .
Because where can you go after a jury says there 's nothing wrong with these movies ?
How do you go after a movie involving a husband and wife and the guy 's wearing a condom ?
How do you get someone to go after that , when you could n't even prosecute a tape where the guy comes in the girl 's mouth , and then he fucking stabs her ?
This is their one shot , and they fucking know it . "
In January 2005 , it seemed as if the federal prosecutors had whiffed — U.S. District Judge Gary Lancaster dismissed the charges against Romano and Zicari , ruling that federal obscenity laws were unconstitutional because they violated one 's " right to sexual privacy , which encompasses a right to possess and view sexually explicit material in the privacy of one 's own home . "
Later that year , however , an appeals court reversed this controversial ruling , and the government resumed its case against the couple .
As the case dragged on , it attracted less and less attention , ultimately becoming the the judicial equivalent of the celebrity who you thought died years ago but is actually quite extant .
And while the federal government never really ramped up its crusade against the porn industry enough to satisfy the anti-smut forces or terrify Playboy subscribers , it did continue to intensify its efforts .
In 2005 , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales expanded the government 's anti-obscenity efforts by creating the Obscenity Prosecution Task Force , which , he explained , would be staffed with the DOJ's " best and brightest " prosecutors .
In 2008 , those prosecutors won a victory against Paul Little , aka Max Hardcore , convicting him on 10 counts of violating federal obscenity laws , a verdict that led to a 46 - month prison sentence .
Earlier this year in March , just a few weeks before their own case was scheduled to go before a jury , Zicari and Romano accepted a plea bargain when the government offered to reduce its case against them to a single count of conspiracy to distribute obscene material .
" We felt like they had the best chance to get the least amount of time if they pled , " says Jennifer Kinsley , an attorney at Sirkin Pinales & Schwartz , the law firm that represented Zicari and Romano throughout their seven - year legal battle .
" Financially , this case really destroyed them .
People became afraid to do business with them on the production side and the distribution side . "
Their business no longer exists .
Neither one has produced or directed a video since 2005 .
" They went from living in a very nice house that they owned to sharing a small apartment with a roommate . "
Now , they 're in prison , Romano at FCI Waseca in Minnesota , and Zicari at FCI La Tuna in Texas .
According to Kinsley , Zicari was supposed to serve his sentence at FCI La Tuna 's minimum - security satellite facility , but he mistakenly reported to its primary facility 30 miles away .
Instead of transferring him to the satellite facility , however , prison officials kept there .
" But then they ended up putting him in solitary confinement [ for nearly a month ] because that was the only space they had available , " Kinsley says .
Granted , hardcore pornographers do n't make for the most sympathetic victims , even when they 're financially strapped and thrown in the hole simply ?
for poor navigation skills .
Ultimately , however , two American citizens are currently spending a year in prison for making movies that involved adult actors participating in fictional scenarios with their full consent .
The rapes and murders they staged were no less imaginary than the rapes and murders Hollywood stages with far greater verisimilitude every day .
The gross - out stunts they engaged in were no grosser than the bug-eating contests of reality TV or the bodily fluids gags that can be found in countless Hollywood comedies .
Unfortunately , Romano and Zicari had the audacity to mix genres of entertainment that , while permissible on their own , are apparently not allowed to be combined .
And thus they managed to achieve what not even John Waters ever accomplished :
They were sent to prison for having bad taste .
But those with better taste should n't expect immunity now that the Obscenity Prosecution Task Force has extended it winning streak .
As Rob Zicari told Frontline 2002 , it 's not as if anti-porn advocates make distinctions between good pornography and bad pornography : " They want to get rid of everybody .
The Christian right , the fundamentalists , they do n't like pornography .
It does n't matter if their movie is a married couple having sex in the bed , and they 're loving each other , or it's our kind where it 's like some pimp having sex with some street hooker in an alley for crack or something .
They do n't look at it that way .
They look at it as sex , filming it , and distributing it to the masses … "
Currently , the Obscenity Prosecution Task Force is led by Alberto Gonzales appointee Brent Ward , a man who once led a crusade in Utah to get nude art - class models to wear bikinis .
According to Jennifer Kinsley , the Task Force is n't just continuing old cases that began in the Bush era , it 's also actively seeking out new ones .
" Someone was asking me the other day why this is still happening , " she says .
" I think the reason is that Brent Ward is still there .
Had he been asked to resign , I do n't think these cases would still be going on .
But basically the Obama Administration has left the previous decision - makers in their offices . "
Those decision - makers remain in office in part , no doubt , because so few people have even acknowledged , much less objected , to the fact that our federal government is sending people to prison for thought - crimes .
In the July 2009 issue of Reason , Jacob Sullum reported on the case 's outcome , but throughout the mediasphere , coverage was scant .
The New York Times made no mention of Zicari and Romano 's conviction or subsequent sentencing .
Nor did The Washington Post .
The Los Angeles Times ran a 131 - word AP story .
Now that the two convention - flouting provocateurs are actually sitting in jail , though , perhaps their ordeal will seem compelling enough to inspire their Hollywood brethren to at least circulate a petition or two on their behalf in the name of artistic freedom .
Contributing Editor Greg Beato is a writer living in San Francisco .
Read his Reason archive here .
A CHINESE monkey trainer was left red-faced after his group of performers turned on him using martial arts and sticks .
arLo Wung , 42 , had taught the monkeys taekwondo as part of their routine , The Sun reports .
But when Mr Wung accidently slipped , his monkeys took advantage and decked him with a kick to the head .
According to The Sun , the gang then swarmed over their master .
One monkey even managed to grab a stick to wack him .
Click here to see all the photos .
Seit 14.10 .
2009 am Mittwoch hat der Landesverband Brandenburg der Piratenpartei Deutschland einen neuen Kreisverband .
Dieser entstand in den späten Abendstunden in Brandenburg an der Havel .
Nach der Ankündigung kamen 13 Parteimitglieder und einige Besucher ins Waschcafé in der Steinstraße um an der Gründung des neuen Kreisverbandes teil zunehmen .
Nach der geheimen
Wahl stand fest , der neue Vorstand besteht aus 5 Piraten .
Gewählt wurden als :
Vorsitzender : Michael Hensel
Stellvertreter : Arthur Kaiser
Kreiskassierer : Christian Nowack
Beisitzer : Tobias König
Basisvertreter : Tobias Kriesel
Der neue Vorstand aus Brandenburg ( Havel ) bedankt sich bei allen Helfern , die an diesem Abend tatkräftig die Wahlen unterstützt haben .
Damit gibt es nun schon vier Kreisverbände in Brandenburg .
Und es werden mehr , denn auch im Kreis Havelland , Oberhavel , Potsdam - Mittelmark und Uckermark werden noch in diesem Jahr neue Kreisverbände entstehen .
Hier und auch anderswo finden schon seit mehreren Monaten lokale Stammtische für alle Interessierten statt .
Diese sind zu finden unter nächste Treffen auf unserer Brandenburger Piraten Seite .
Die Piraten freut um so mehr , dass auch das Mitgliederwachstum nach der Bundestagswahl immer weiter geht .
Bundesweit sind es nun schon über 10900 Menschen , die kein Problem damit haben , dass man sie als Pirat bezeichnet .
Auch immer mehr Frauen wollen sich in die derzeitige Politik für Bürgerrechte und Freiheit , gegen Intransparenz und Vorratsdatenspeicherung ein mischen .
Es gibt keine Frauenquote , doch Frau Kübler konnte sich bei der Wahl zum stellvertretenden Landesvorsitzenden durchsetzen .
Das zeigt , dass Frauen , wenn auch derzeit noch bei den Mitgliedern in Unterzahl , durchaus ihren Weg in der noch jungen Partei finden .
The first set of numbers came from the US Department of Labor 's Bureau of Labor Statistics .
They showed some remarkable facts about ( 1 ) US workers ' productivity -- the physical quantity of goods and services produced per employed worker , ( 2 ) the compensation paid to US workers , and ( 3 ) the hours they actually worked .
These numbers showed how the economy had changed from the first quarter ( January - March ) to the second ( April - June ) of 2009 .
The average number of paid hours worked per employee fell by 7.6 per cent , but the total output fell only 1.7 per cent .
That was because the workers who had not ( yet ) lost their jobs were fearful , so they worked harder and faster doing some of the jobs previously done by laid - off workers .
With fewer employed workers doing more , the BLS reported a gain of 6.4 per cent in the productivity of US labor .
For their harder , faster , and thus 6.4 per cent more productive labor , those still employed saw their money wages rise by only 0.2 percent from the first to the second quarter of 2009 .
When the BLS took into account the rising prices workers had to pay , their real wages ( the goods and services they could actually buy ) fell by 1.1 per cent .
increase in the rate of exploitation
Certainly , when it came to handling Harvard ’s cash account , the former US Treasury secretary had no doubts .
Widely considered one of the most brilliant economists of his generation , Summers pushed to invest 100 percent of Harvard ’s cash with the endowment and had to be argued down to 80 percent , financial executives say .
The cash account grew to $ 5.1 billion during his tenure , more than the entire endowment of all but a dozen or so colleges and universities .
In the Summers years , from 2001 to 2006 , nothing was on auto - pilot .
He was the unquestioned commander , a dominating personality with the talent to move a balkanized institution like Harvard , but also a man unafflicted , former colleagues say , with self - doubt in matters of finance .
“ Investing cash alongside the endowment was a long - held strategy that we did n’t decide to change until early 2008 , ’’ said James F. Rothenberg , Harvard ’s treasurer - a part - time , unpaid role .
He said the biggest mistake was not to have taken some of the cash off the table , and placed it in safer accounts , as trouble started brewing in the markets and the economy .
“ We all can look back now and say we wish we did something different , ’’ he said .
So how did one of the world ’s great universities err so badly in something so basic ?
It is a story with many actors , the story of an institution that grew complacent as its endowment soared ever higher - an institution that , when the crunch hit , was operating on financial auto - pilot , with many key players gone , and those remaining inattentive , in retrospect , to the risks ahead .
But the warnings fell on deaf ears , under Summers ’s regime and beyond .
And when the market crashed in the fall of 2008 , Harvard would pay dearly , as $ 1.8 billion in cash simply vanished .
Indeed , it is still paying , in the form of tighter budgets , deferred expansion plans , and big interest payments on bonds issued to cover the losses .
“ Mohamed was having a heart attack , ’’ said one former financial executive , who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of angering Harvard and Summers .
He considered the cash investment a “ doubling up ’’ of the university ’s investment risk .
Through the first half of this decade , Meyer repeatedly warned Summers and other Harvard officials that the school was being too aggressive with billions of dollars in cash , according to people present for the discussions , investing almost all of it with the endowment ’s risky mix of stocks , bonds , hedge funds , and private equity .
Meyer ’s successor , Mohamed El - Erian , would later sound the same warnings to Summers , and to Harvard financial staff and board members .
It happened at least once a year , every year .
In a roomful of a dozen Harvard University financial officials , Jack Meyer , the hugely successful head of Harvard ’s endowment , and Lawrence Summers , then the school ’s president , would face off in a heated debate .
The topic : cash and how the university was managing - or mismanaging - its basic operating funds .
Despite the warnings from Meyer , Harvard Management ’s chief for 15 years , Summers felt the cash risk was worth taking at the time , according to people who know him .
He was not the sole decision maker on the matter : Members of the financial staff , a broader financial advisory committee , and the university ’s elite six - member board all weighed in .
But Summers was a powerful advocate , and with the returns so good for so long , there was little support for exercising caution .
In Harvard ’s 2001 - 2002 financial report , Summers ’s opening letter states , “ During my first year as President , we took the opportunity to look anew at some of Harvard ’s financial procedures to make sure we are making the most of our resources . ’’
He closes the letter noting the need for “ prudent fiscal management . ’’
Summers had a huge influence over Harvard money matters during his tenure , according to several people who worked with him .
Known for his love of intellectual debate , he would hear out the opinions of others but ultimately was forceful in his own views .
He was more financially sophisticated than most other Harvard presidents , and more deeply involved in decisions , from how to maximize returns on Harvard ’s cash to using financial instruments called swaps , to hedge against the risk of rising interest rates - a hedge that would ultimately backfire .
The strategy paid off handsomely for years , as the endowment reaped big gains , providing Harvard presidents with a checkbook for ambitious efforts .
Under Neil Rudenstine , Harvard ’s president from 1991 to 2001 , cash was heavily invested in the endowment and surged from $ 290 million to $ 2 billion .
Under Summers , the figure more than doubled again , according to a compilation of the data obtained by the Globe .
The big project on Summers ’s agenda : Harvard ’s expansion across the river , into Allston .
Investing cash from the general operating account in the endowment was n’t new under Summers , nor was it unique to Harvard .
It had been done as far back as the 1980s at the university , officials say , but on a smaller scale .
The aggressive investment of cash accounts is part of how the university has long run its “ central bank , ’’ an account that holds funds from its various schools and pays them a modest US Treasury rate of return .
The “ bank , ’’ in turn , has invested the lion ’s share of that money with the endowment , generating returns that are used to pay for shared needs , like graduate housing and financial aid .
Summers , now head of President Obama ’s economic team , declined to be quoted on his handling of Harvard finances .
A friend of his who is familiar with Harvard finances said Summers was warning of growing risks in the global markets by 2007 , at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland .
The friend , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of Summers ’s current position , said , “ In the years after Summers left , market conditions and Harvard ’s liquidity changed dramatically .
The university ’s financial strategies could have and should have changed with them . ’’
And soon , Harvard would enter a period of upheaval .
Meyer left in the fall of 2005 , after clashing with Summers over the compensation of the endowment staff .
And Summers announced his own resignation in February 2006 - as it happened , just days after the arrival of Meyer ’s successor , El - Erian .
A month later , Harvard ’s top in - house financial official , Ann E. Berman , vice president for finance , also resigned .
Summers was gone by July that year , but not before El - Erian issued a new round of warnings about what he saw as an alarming amount of cash being put at risk in the endowment pool , according to several people who were there .
El - Erian left Harvard after just two years , at the end of 2007 , to return to his old bond firm , PIMCO .
Both he and Meyer declined to comment on whether the cash concerns contributed to their decision to leave .
For other university officials , warnings about Harvard ’s finances were easy to gloss over .
The endowment had been a virtual money machine for more than 15 years , and the markets were still rising in 2006 .
And after Summers resigned , forced out by an angry faculty after comments about women lagging in the sciences and other controversies , there were more urgent fires to tend to .
Derek Bok , a former Harvard president from the ’70s and ’ 80s , took over as interim president .
He was , by his own admission , unplugged from the complexities of the financial picture .
“ I concentrated on academic issues , ’’ Bok said in a Globe interview .
He said that his strength was not in investments and that Harvard had an experienced treasurer and board to oversee those issues .
“ I think they would have come to see me if there were really important changes , ’’ he said .
Harry Lewis , a Harvard professor and a former dean of the college , attributes the failure to address the university ’s financial risks to the ancient structure of the Harvard corporation , which functions as its board .
“ With only the six fellows plus the president , there is inevitably going be a lot of deference to the people who seem to have the most authority , especially if the president is strong - willed , ’’ Lewis said .
“ Whether or not anyone in particular made a mistake in this situation , it shows a fundamental structural problem .
The power is just in the hands of too few people with too little accountability . ’’
gun shape baby cradle image © designboom
shi jinsong ’s work is currently part of ‘ china – contemporary revival ‘ , an exhibition at the palazzo reale , milan , italy .
on display is a selection of more than 180 art works including paintings , sculptures , installations and videos by 50 contemporary chinese artists .
on show from december 11 , 2009 to february 7 , 2010 .
details of gun shape baby cradle image © designboom
through his razor - sharp sculptures and related works , shi jinsong initiates a dialogue , at once menacing and ironic , between the forms of mythic chinese culture and modern day globalization .
the here featured work is part of the series ‘ na zha’ , a sort of brand name for an outrageously unsafe line of baby products .
meticulously assembled in stainless steel from intricate mechanical drawings , they include a deadly carriage ; a sadistic cradle ; a sinister walker ; and a malicious , multi-part toy complete with needle - tipped pacifiers and dismembering abacus .
baby boutique confronts its ‘ shopper ’ with a radically strange and seductive ‘ product ’ , lethal luxury designed to reveal the forces that dominate our lives in unimaginable ways .
detail image © designboom
in the work ‘ ne zha’ it appears in the disguise of being protective , consoling and decorative , but its details betray its true function of weapon .
it indicates the highest degree of ambiguity in one ’s temperament .
it presents and represents .
it invites and refuses .
gun shape baby cradle image © designboom
side view image © designboom
gun shape baby carriage image © designboom
gun shape baby carriage image © designboom
gun shape baby carriage image © designboom
gun shape baby walker image © designboom
gun shape baby walker image © designboom
detail of gun shape baby walker image © designboom
shi jinsong portrait © designboom
shi jinsong was born in danyang county , hubei province in 1969 , he enrolled at the hubei academy of fine arts in 1994 , majoring in sculpture and mastering a gamut of traditional techniques .
under the influence of three powerful stimuli – radical socio-cultural change in china ; a reading of foucault ’s madness and civilization ; and the birth of his first daughter – the artist began to investigate ideas of transformation and control .
he lives and works in wuhan and beijing , china .
The link between marijuana and an increased appetite has been well documented by both scientific and casual researchers .
Even before states began passing medical marijuana laws , some doctors were quietly recommending the drug to cancer , AIDS and other patients with nausea and poor appetite .
New findings from the Monell Chemical Senses Center and Kyushu University in Japan suggest that marijuana may enhance the sweet taste of foods by acting directly on taste receptors , rather than just in the brain , as had previously been shown .
The work enhances scientists ' understanding of how THC , the active ingredient in marijuana , acts on the appetite , and could eventually lead to treatments for obesity or lack of appetite .
Fourteen states currently have medical marijuana laws , even though the drug is still illegal under federal law , and some legislators are pushing to legalize it outright .
In parts of California , the first state to pass a medical marijuana law , in 1996 , marijuana dispensaries have become nearly as common as liquor stores .
But what is it about marijuana that causes " the munchies " — not so much actual hunger as an intense craving for food , especially of the sweet , salty or fatty variety ?
The new findings from Monell report that endocannabanoids , compounds that are structurally similar to the cannabinoids found in cannabis sativa ( marijuana ) but occur naturally in the body , act directly on the tongue 's taste receptors to enhance the perception of sweetness .
Previously , scientists had believed that cannabinoids regulated appetite mainly by bonding to specific receptors in the brain .
As explained in a 2001 article in Nature , researchers found that they could depress appetite in mice by genetically modifying them to be deficient in cannabinoid receptors .
Later studies have led to greater understanding of the relationship between the brain 's cannabinoid receptors and the hormone leptin , which was found to inhibit hunger .
The Monell study involved a series of experiments on mice to determine their behavioral , cellular and neural responses to sweet taste stimuli before and after the administration of endocannabinoids .
In every case , the mice went coo-coo for Cocoa Puffs ( well , technically , their " sweet taste responses were enhanced by endocannabinoids " ) .
Interestingly , the effect was not observed with sour , salty , bitter or umami taste stimuli .
The press release from Monell notes that , " sweet taste receptors are also found in the intestine and the pancreas , where they help regulate nutrient absorption , insulin secretion and energy metabolism .
If endocannabinoids also modulate the responses of pancreatic and intestinal sweet receptors , the findings may open doors to the development of novel therapeutic compounds to combat metabolic diseases such as obesity and diabetes . "
Last year , another study found that THC induced cancer cells to kill themselves through autophagy , or self - digestion .
As more than one commenter gleefully observed , marijuana gives even cancer the munchies .
This is a law firm where YOU get the PERSONAL ATTENTION of an attorney who has been REPRESENTING THE INJURED AND THEIR FAMILIES throughout Colorado for more than 35 YEARS .
If you ask this firm to assist you , you will receive the personal attention of Roger Castle , the senior member of the firm .
Exclusively Dedicated to Assisting Injured People
The law office of Roger T. Castle , P.C. , has a mission :
We are solely dedicated to helping injured people .
For more than 35 years , we have committed ourselves to helping clients who have suffered serious or catastrophic physical injuries , or a death in the family , receive just compensation from the at - fault parties .
Because our practice is , and always has been , entirely dedicated to assisting injured people , Roger fully understands the serious impact that a sudden injury or death can have on you and your loved ones .
During this time , you do not need the added uncertainty of facing insurance companies or large companies and wondering if you are timely and properly taking the correct legal steps .
You can only be confident and assured of your actions , if you have an experienced attorney who is personally handling your case .
Too often , the experienced “ senior ” attorney is the draw that gets you into a law firm ’s door , and your case is then assigned to a young or inexperienced attorney who does most of the work .
That does not happen here !
Contact us online or call 303-731-0485 to schedule your free initial consultation with Roger Castle , a caring and experienced personal injury lawyer .
We take only Legitimate and Honest Claims
Unlike some lawyers who may take any case that shows up , Roger Castle is selective about the cases he handles .
We pursue only those cases where we sincerely believe , and can honestly prove , that our client ’s injuries and losses are wholly legitimate and were caused by the serious fault or unreasonableness of others .
Known in Denver , and throughout Colorado , as a determined and persistent but wholly professional “ plaintiffs ” firm , we thoroughly investigate and carefully prepare every claim , suit or trial .
No one should ever promise to win your case , but we pledge that we will always diligently investigate and carefully prepare every case that we take on .
We also pledge to always pursue your claim in a way that is in YOUR best interests .
We handle various types of personal injury matters , including :
To learn more about our experience and the types of cases we have handled , visit the specialized pages on this website .
Roger ’s Personal Attention and Respectful Advice
In addition to protecting your rights and proving your claims , we also strive to provide exceptional and superior client service through Roger ’s personal attention and careful legal advice .
He goes the extra mile to provide you with all of the personal counsel and information that you may need to decide the best course of action for your particular situation , while always being respectful of your own individual beliefs , philosophy and desires .
Visit our Firm Overview to learn more about how we serve our clients .
Schedule your free initial consultation by contacting us online or by calling 303-731-0485 .
One more comment on the post by Mike Treder that I addressed last time .
Recall he wrote
Techno -rapturists among our reading audience might be quick to respond with glib answers about miraculous nanotechnology solutions that are just around the corner …
To understand Foresight ’s actual point of view on this issue ( which is actually a lot closer to that of CRN , which Mike co-founded , than is implied in the quote ) , it is necessary to understand what the power of a mature nanotechnology is really like .
I fear that this often gets lost in the detailed discussions of the proto - nanotech that we see today in the labs .
Here ’s one simple way to say it : the accidental impact on climate of current technology is at least three orders of magnitude smaller than the intentional impact of a mature nanotechnology .
If you are Really Worried about a roughly one watt per square meter influence on the Earth , I urge you to consider the Weather Machine which could interdict and / or redirect the full roughly one kilowatt / m^ 2 that ’s available .
Or , to judge by the diurnal warming and cooling rates , change the global surface temperature by 10C per day .
Now frankly , this worries me a lot more than natural climate change .
My worry goes as follows : people are so worried about climate that they actually build a Weather Machine .
Their models of how climate work are not as good as they think they are ; let ’s say that they are in roughly the same state of actual to perceived knowledge that the Federal Reserve was in macroeconomics in 1929 ( or 2008 , for that matter ) .
They turn it on and there ’s , well , a depression .
Or multiple governments build them and have wars .
Nuclear weapons are trivial by comparison .
Let me demonstrate .
In the original Weather Machine post I claimed that a Weather Machine Mark II could “ shoot down the moons of Mars . ”
I took a guess at the energy available , resolving power , etc and figured I was well on the safe side .
Just for fun I did the math and impressed myself a little bit .
At closest approach , with an active spot of 10,000 km diameter ( remember the WM is a cloud of balloons in the stratosphere with optical - wavelength antennas that are synchronized to be a coherent optical phased array ) , using violet light for the beam , you could focus a petawatt beam on a 2.7 mm spot on Phobos .
A petawatt is about a quarter megaton per second .
2.7 mm is about a tenth of an inch .
I.e. you could blow Phobos up , write your name on it at about Sharpie handwriting size , or ablate the surface in a controlled way , creating reaction jets , and sending it scooting around in curlicues like a bumper car .
Quand il s’agit de rencontrer des gens en ligne , parfois vous ne voulez plus glisser .
Ou peut - être que vous n’avez jamais commencé à glisser et que vous préféreriez une expérience de recherche de dates plus immersive ( qui pourrait vous coûter quelques dollars ) .
Vous voulez des détails , des efforts et des conversations qui vont au- delà : « Hé. Quoi de neuf ? ”
Si vous êtes prêt à abandonner les applications et les heures de défilement à travers des selfies mal inclinés et que vous êtes plus intéressé par un site de rencontres à l’ancienne , voici dix des meilleurs .
Continue reading →
Microsoft has assured users that it will strive to give cloud computing customers the same privacy commitments given to those using desktop software .
But it warns that this could be limited by government regulations , particularly where data is transferred across international borders .
Cloud computing is a broad term , but generally refers to set - ups where data , an application , or even an operating system is stored on , and operative from , a remote server rather than a user 's computer .
As Microsoft notes , it 's not a new idea : Hotmail is an example of a cloud - based service , with the emails and processing software stored online .
Cloud Computing : May be the Future for Microsoft
However , the system is growing ever more important to Microsoft , with the company now planning slimmed down versions of applications such as Microsoft Office which run entirely online .
There is even speculation that one day Windows will be replaced by an entirely online operating system , though this is hardly imminent .
In a new report , Microsoft acknowledges that there is natural concern about how user data and privacy is protected in a cloud - based service .
That makes sense as , even though any Internet - connected computer makes data more vulnerable , users understandably have a different psychological attitude to data which is kept outside of their home .
( Source : technet.com )
Privacy Polices Pinned On Principles
Microsoft is aiming to reassure customers by stressing its principles , which include only collecting data which is genuinely needed , informing customers what data is being collected and how it will be used , and giving them as much control as possible about opting out of such collection .
It is also emphasizing that it has a very different policy with business customers , namely that the business itself decides what data is collected and who can access it .
It likens this approach to the way the owner of an office block exercises very little control over the way a company renting floor space uses the facility .
Legal Barriers A Possibility
However , the firm is reminding clients that there may be legal restrictions to they way it carries out these principles .
In particular , there may be situations where data moves from one country to another and Microsoft is caught in a position where two different sets of national laws on data handling directly conflict with one another .
( Source : informationweek.com )
It 's no coincidence that Microsoft should publish the paper now .
It comes just weeks after an outage at a Microsoft - owned server left many owners of the cloud - based Sidekick smartphone unable to access data .
While that was n't a privacy situation in itself , it did threaten to damage the reputation of cloud computing as a concept and Microsoft its provider .
Five British yachtsmen have been detained by the Iranian navy while sailing from Bahrain to Dubai .
Here is some of the reaction to their situation .
DAVID YOUNG , FATHER OF OLIVER Oliver Young comes from Plymouth " The journalist that is with them has got a local mobile which they were allowed to use on Monday and all of us were able to have a quick conversation - each of the families .
" It was only a brief conversation but they did confirm they 're being well looked after , being well fed .
We believe they are ashore on an island and are quite bored now , wanting to see things resolved themselves obviously . "
Earlier he told the Plymouth Herald : " He 's travelled a fair bit .
He 's got quite a bit of experience under his belt .
They 'll be coping with it fine out there .
We understand they are being well looked after .
" We 're confident this will be resolved very quickly .
We 're all concerned and the sooner they are released the better .
It is dragging along longer than we thought it would do .
" It 's just a worry that there are diplomatic stresses at the moment .
They are under international pressure .
We just hope they 're not used as a bargaining chip . "
SUSAN YOUNG , MOTHER OF OLIVER " He will be absolutely fine .
He is a very strong person , he will be coping with this fine .
The team get on really well , they are a really nice group of lads and I am not worried about their morale or anything like that .
" As a mother I do feel worried but who would n't be ?
We are just hopeful that it will all come to an end very soon . "
" Sailing is a complete passion for him and this will never put him off , he will be fine . "
CHARLES PORTER , FATHER OF LUKE
" We are holding things together as a family at the moment .
I have n't spoken to him since yesterday .
He was as good as can be expected .
" He is a very strong character , very resilient .
He 's a professional sailor , very used to dealing with adversity .
" He 's as good as we can expect .
We are very concerned . "
FOREIGN SECRETARY , DAVID MILIBAND
" These are five civilians - they 're yachtsmen .
They were going about their sport and it seems they may have strayed inadvertently into Iranian waters .
" We look forward to the Iranian government dealing with this promptly and clearly .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Teheran have said that they 'll be making a statement later today .
" There 's certainly no confrontation or argument .
As far as we are aware , these people are being well - treated , which is right and what we would expect from a country like Iran . "
Later , he added : " This is a human story of five young yachtsmen , " he said .
" It 's got nothing to do with politics .
It 's got nothing to do with ( Iran's ) nuclear enrichment programme .
" It 's a consular case , which is being treated as a consular case by the UK , and I 'm sure will be treated as a consular case by the Iranian authorities . "
FORMER BRITISH AMBASSADOR TO IRAN , SIR RICHARD DALTON
" I think that the smart way to help them is to keep cool , I do n't think it 's helpful at the moment to connect the matter to Iran playing some sort of game , for example , to do with its nuclear negotiations .
" I think it takes time for Iran 's own investigations to be completed and the British government needs to give the Iranians some space to complete that .
" If it is a case of illegal entry , then a judge may be involved and while sympathising hugely with the guys and also with their families , I think a bit of patience is called for . "
KEITH MUCH , DUBAI OFFSHORE SAILING CLUB
" In all our sailing instructions before any race we do a skippers ' briefing and the skippers are briefed not to stray into and to stay away from , Iranian waters .
So the local sailors and the local knowledge here of the regattas we have is do not go anywhere near Iranian waters just so as not to cause any problems for themselves or the country itself . "
BEN WALLACE MP , BRITISH -IRANIAN ALL - PARTY PARLIAMENTARY GROUP CHAIRMAN
" A normal nation would stop a yacht , check it out , maybe take it back to shore and get rid of them .
But this is five , six days into the incident .
That is much more worrying , that is more deliberate .
" This is more than just saying ' Get out of our backyard ' , this is odd behaviour , but is in line with Iranian behaviour .
When ( Iran ) wants to make a point it takes hostages . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First Osmotic Power Plant Opens in Norway
The world ’s first osmotic power plant has opened in Norway Tuesday , November 24 .
The plant is expected to produce clean electricity by mixing seawater and freshwater .
Osmotic power , also known as salinity gradient power , uses the concept of osmosis , as its name suggests .
Freshwater are drawn through a membrane – a thin layer that retains slat but let water pass – into seawater .
This will create a pressure in the seawater side high enough to drive a turbine that produces electricity .
It can therefore be produced naturally in places where freshwater flows toward the sea .
What is good about the osmotic power is that it can run and produce stable power at any weather condition , unlike wind and solar energy .
Also , since it does not contaminate or release CO2 emissions , the electricity generated is clean and environment friendly .
The plant was inaugurated by Norwegian Crown Princess Mette - Marit in a former chlorine factory on the banks of the Oslo fjord situated 60 kilometers south of Oslo , the nation ’s capital .
European renewable energy company Statkraft runs the project .
This will be a good showcase that can be presented in the climate change summit next month in Copenhagen , the capital of neighboring , Scandinavian country of Denmark .
Dibujo de la pirámide de Calakmul que muestra a personas repartiendo gachas de maíz y los jeroglíficos que lo explican PNAS
Gente cocinando y repartiendo comida .
Personas caminando , acarreando vasijas y otras mercancías ...
Algunas visten taparrabos ; otras , ricas túnicas con vistosos tejidos .
Ocurría hace unos 1.350 años en plena civilización maya .
Son escenas de la vida cotidiana , " virtualmente desconocidas " según los investigadores , e inmortalizadas en una estructura piramidal policromada hallada en el poblado maya de Calakmul , en Campeche , México , según publica en su edición de ayer Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
La pirámide hallada es una suerte de tarta ortogonal de unos 11 metros de alto y tres niveles .
Se encuentra en el recinto arqueológico de Chiik Nahb , cerca de la línea fronteriza en México y Guatemala .
Hasta ahora , la mayor parte del conocimiento sobre los usos sociales los mayas se refería solamente a la vida de las elites y las clases altas ( guerras , ceremonias religiosas y protocolarias ... ) .
Los dibujos hallados ahora ofrecen información sobre las clases sociales , los mecanismos de reparto de la comida y la alimentación , la dieta , la indumentaria de otros miembros de esa sociedad .
" Estos murales describen de manera patente ( ...) un antiguo mecanismo social de cuya existencia no ha quedado ninguna otra prueba " , señalan los arqueólogos en su artículo .
El equipo que ha realizado los hallazgos está formado por investigadores de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México , el Instituto Nacional de Antropología en México y la Universidad de Yale ( EE UU ) .
Las imágenes , además , van acompañadas de jeroglíficos que funcionan como pies de foto para explicar el contenido de los dibujos .
" Llevará su tiempo evaluar las implicaciones definitivas de estos hallazgos (... ) " , señalan los investigadores y recuerdan que todavía hay excavaciones en marcha .
context - scheme .
description
ContextScheme is an implementation of some of the essential ideas of Context - oriented Programming .
It roughly relates to ContextL like Tiny CLOS relates to CLOS .
More specifically , ContextScheme is independent of any object - oriented extension , so it illustrates only the essential ideas of dynamic layer activation and deactivation .
There are two implementations : ContextScheme provides layers and layered functions along with layer activation and deactivation .
SimpleContextScheme provides layers and layered functions , but only layer activation , no layer deactivation .
The reason for providing two different implementations is that layer deactivation adds some considerable complexity at the implementation - level , so SimpleContextScheme is probably easier to understand at first .
Both implementations have been tested against R5RS Scheme .
In the comments , you can find some workarounds for potentially missing Scheme features ( namely : multiple values , dynamic - wind and syntax - rules ) .
The source code also contains a few obscure test cases , as well as a simple example .
( See this paper for the origin of the test cases . )
You can find good introductions to Context - oriented Programming here and here .
Papers with some advaced topics can be found here and here .
downloads
Here are the download links : ContextScheme and SimpleContextScheme .
The code comes with a BSD / MIT - style license .
Please send questions and comments to Pascal Costanza .
Defence Minister Peter MacKay will not resign from cabinet over allegations that he knew suspected Taliban prisoners were tortured after being turned over to Afghan police by the Canadian military , he said Monday .
In Halifax to announce funding for recreation facilities in the Halifax Regional Municipality , MacKay was asked by reporters if he would step down .
" No , " he said .
Questions about MacKay 's political future are being asked after Gen. Walter Natynczyk , Canada 's top military commander , said that a Taliban suspect had been abused by Afghan officials after he was turned over by Canadian military personnel .
" I got a call from General Natynczyk , he told me that he had received new information .
We spoke about it , I suggested that he go on the record and correct his previous statements that said — as I had said based on the information that I had received from the department — that there was n't an individual who had been in custody , " MacKay said .
" It turned out there were field notes that he had n't seen .
I certainly had n't seen them . "
On Dec. 9 , Natynczyk said a suspected Taliban fighter abused by Afghan police in June 2006 had been detained by Canadian troops .
That announcement contradicted what he had told a parliamentary committee the day before .
" The individual who was beaten by the Afghan police was , in fact , in Canadian custody , " Natynczyk told reporters .
MacKay had earlier told the House of Commons there was n't " a single incident " to prove allegations raised by diplomat Richard Colvin in 2006 and 2007 .
Sir , please stop trying to convince the nice man that he should destroy us all .
When I started cycling again after putting on a ton of weight , people would routinely pass me in cars and yell terrible insults at me .
I did n’t give up .
Not only did my “ thunder thighs ” get me up those hills , they thundered me to a healthier , 50 - pounds - lighter , happier me .
What motivates and inspires me most is being told I can’t do something , then not only doing it but totally destroying it .
When I started cycling again after putting on a ton of weight , people would routinely pass me in cars and yell terrible insults at me .
I did n’t give up .
Not only did my “ thunder thighs ” get me up those hills , they thundered me to a healthier , 50 - pounds - lighter , happier me .
The Federal Government will introduce compulsory internet filtering to block overseas sites which contain criminal content , including child sex abuse and sexual violence .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy announced the changes today following a controversial trial to filter the internet which was conducted earlier this year .
Senator Conroy says some internet content is simply not suitable in a civilised society .
" It is important that all Australians , particularly young children , are protected from this material , " he said .
" The Government believes that parents want assistance to reduce the risk of children being exposed to such material . "
He says the Government will not determine what is blacklisted on the internet in Australia , rather an independent body will determine what sites are rated as RC for refused classification .
Legislation will be introduced into Parliament next year which will require all ISPs to block material which has been refused classification in other countries .
This would include sites containing child sex abuse , bestiality , sexual violence or detailed information about how to use drugs or commit crimes .
The filtering trial attracted criticism from some who said it would not work and would slow internet speeds .
But Senator Conroy says the trial has been successful .
" Our pilot , and the experience of ISPs in many western democracies , shows that ISP level - filtering of a defined list of URLs can be delivered with 100 per cent accuracy , " he said .
" It also demonstrated that it can be done with negligible impact on internet speed . "
Grants will also be offered to ISPs to voluntarily block other content .
After the legislation is passed the filter will take 12 months to implement .
Criticism
But Electronic Frontiers Australia , which monitors online freedoms and rights , says the Government 's plan is flawed .
" Although it may address some technical issues , what it leaves out is far more important , " Electronic Frontiers Australia vice chair Colin Jacobs said .
" Exactly what will be blocked ?
Who will decide and why is it being attempted in the first place ? "
Mr Jacobs says the ease with which users can circumvent the filtering raises questions about what it is actually trying to accomplish .
" What we 're talking about is a filter that can only intercept accidental access to prohibited material , " he said .
" Any motivated user will be able to get around it , it will be quite easy , so who is this being targeted at ?
" If it 's targeted at the people who traffic in illegal material , well , then clearly it 's going to be worthless because they 'll be able to get around it any time they want to .
" If it 's teenagers the same is true unfortunately , and given the types of material that are going to be on the blacklist , younger children are unlikely to be affected one way or the other . "
Transparency
Senator Conroy says the Government will take steps to ensure the filter is transparent and people know why material is being blocked .
This may include measures which allow people to appeal the decision to block a page and notifications to websites that they have been blocked .
The Government has been trialling the filter since late May and was due to report in July on the outcomes of the trial .
It has faced fierce criticism that it will strangle free speech on the internet , is open to potential government abuse and will ban sites that should not be coming under scrutiny .
In March , an alleged list of about 1,000 sites already banned by the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) was leaked online , revealing that harmless sites had also been marked as unacceptable .
Nine ISPs originally agreed to take part but iiNet pulled out of the trial in March , saying the filter would not work and was a dead parrot .
However , Optus joined the trial in April .
In May 2008 , the Government said it would spend $ 125.8 million over four years on several measures to strengthen cyber safety , including the filter .
The Government maintains the filter is not designed to curtail freedom of speech .
It is a testament to how much Bill Moyers matters that this quiet , humble man can still stir passions .
When he announced late last month he would be leaving his award - winning weekly PBS series , “ Bill Moyers Journal , ” in April , some of us felt as if we were losing a sacred American institution , a repository of the nation ’s conscience , while others cheered .
Right - wing bloviator Bill O’Reilly went so far as to boast that he had forced Moyers from the air -- a claim that was not only patently false but also a misconception of who Moyers is and what he does .
Astonishing as it may be to anyone who has watched Moyers , his right - wing critics seem to see him as just another noisy shill among the army of blowhards , ideologues , demagogues and partisans on the airwaves .
They could n’t be more wrong .
The reason so many of us are already mourning Moyers ’ departure is that he is so unlike O’Reilly and that ilk .
Though Moyers has certainly addressed the major issues of his times and taken fierce stands on them -- against military adventurism , against violence , against intolerance and hatred , for environmental sensitivity , for real healthcare reform and grass - roots democracy -- and though his recent programs have provided the deepest and most invigorating discussions of these issues on television , most of his work has had little to do directly with politics or policy and nothing at all to do with opinion - mongering .
He is far less interested in advancing a particular position than in inspiring moral growth in the hope of creating a more just and beneficent society .
In short , far from being another cudgel - wielding pundit , Moyers may be television ’s only moralist .
Where Moyers ’ critics have gone astray is assuming that Moyers ’ journalistic career was a continuation of his political career .
Born in Oklahoma and educated in Texas , Moyers served as a teenage summer intern for Sen.
Lyndon Johnson , eventually working in Johnson ’s campaign and then following him to Washington when Johnson became vice president .
After Johnson assumed the presidency , Moyers served as his de facto chief of staff and press secretary .
It is a tribute to Moyers that when he came to doubt the wisdom of the Vietnam War -- and even Johnson ’s sanity -- he left the White House and entered journalism as the publisher of Newsday , a Long Island paper later bought by this paper ’s parent company at the time .
The Washington Moyers was the political Moyers , the Moyers who was once even touted by admirers as a presidential possibility .
But though he was in politics , he was never entirely of politics .
Though he had earned a degree in journalism from the University of Texas , he had also received a degree in divinity from Southwest Baptist Theological Seminary , and he was later ordained as a minister , which is what he was doing when Johnson recruited him .
Still , even in Washington , Moyers never abandoned his ministerial vocation .
Rather , he took it into politics , where he assisted Johnson in the formation of the Great Society , and he took it into journalism , at PBS , CBS and NBC , where he became a voice of reason and decency -- all too often a lone voice .
He has his mission
One cannot understand Moyers without understanding his theological training and his moral conviction .
His mission has always been to make things better , not louder .
In many respects he operates within the religious tradition of the social gospel with its concern for vivifying and actualizing religious values , though he has also called himself a Christian Realist , after the great theologian Reinhold Niebuhr , by which he means , as he put it , to see the “ world as it is , without illusions , and to take it on .
. . . “
This , far more than politics , explains Moyers ’ fervent populism .
Populism is where his hardscrabble upbringing , his feeling for his fellow man and his Christianity has led him .
( Of course Christianity has also led others to the opposite pole . )
For him , politics is a means to a moral end .
Christian Realism may also explain his tenacity .
Moyers has said that one has a moral obligation to right wrongs , and in this cause , he has been fearless , which is why O’Reilly ’s braggadocio is so ridiculous .
Moyers has never flinched in a fight .
He is girded in moral armor .
But if Moyers has been more interested in morality than in politics , he has also been more interested in the ways one arrives at moral conclusions than in the conclusions themselves , which is another quality that makes his programs so distinctive .
For Moyers , real morality is n’t posited ; it is arrived at , so that debate itself is a moral process and ideas part of an ongoing moral exploration .
No one on television has centralized the discussion of ideas as much as Moyers .
His famous 1988 series with the anthropologist Joseph Campbell in which Moyers explored cross-cultural archetypes was also the archetype for many of the programs that followed : among them , “ A World of Ideas , ” “ Sister Wendy in Conversation , ” “ Faith and Reason ” and “ Fooling With Words , ” in which he interviewed poets .
Who else on television would devote a series to poets ?
Moyers has always sought the most interesting thinkers , people who would never otherwise be on television , and then discussed their ideas in search of timeless truths .
In the last two months alone , he has interviewed naturalist Jane Goodall , playwright Anna Deavere Smith , economist James K. Galbraith and U.N. human rights investigator Richard Goldstone -- a disparate group , none of them exactly headliners .
In a sense , then , the title of one of his series , “ Now , ” was a misnomer .
Moyers has never been about now .
He has always been about something beyond the moment .
Or put another way , while everyone else in the media has been exploring topography , Moyers has been exploring geology .
This belief in the efficacy of ideas in the service of good is also what has made him such an extraordinary interviewer .
In a world of certainty that forecloses investigation , Moyers has curiosity .
In a world of glibness and superficiality , he has a rare temerity of mind .
In a world of ego and bombast , he has always been modest and self - effacing .
He not only gives a forum to unusual thinkers , he is truly , visibly , interested in what they have to say and in who they are because he believes that their ideas really matter .
It is clear that for Moyers , these interviews are n’t a way to fill time or amuse an audience or aggrandize himself , and he obviously has no interest in the “ get ” -- the hot interview .
Instead , they have always been a way to learn how , once again , to make things better by accumulating the wisdom of people who are trying to do just that -- people who are engaging the world .
In short , they are a search for moral prescriptions .
None of this is the ordinary language of television , much less the ordinary purpose of television .
In providing this kind of discourse , in taking ideas seriously , in understanding that discussion as opposed to declamation is itself a moral activity , and , perhaps above all , in fighting the power structure that so often ignores or defies the needs of ordinary people , Moyers has become much more than a broadcaster or even a moral thinker .
He has become one of our preeminent moral authorities -- the man on whom we rely to bring us back to our best values .
That may be precisely what infuriates his right - wing enemies .
He has both a goodness and a gravitas they lack .
We know that he does n’t need or want attention , that there is nothing for him to gain personally by battling corporate America or fundamentalist America or our government or the media that so often enable these other forces or any of what he has called “ the apologists for people in power , ” and that there is much to be lost .
Indeed , in 2005 , Kenneth Tomlinson , the chairman of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and a right - wing partisan himself , accused Moyers of “ left - wing bias ” in an attempt to keep him off the air , to which Moyers , who was retired from television at the time , quipped that his critics “ might just compel me out of the rocking chair and back into the anchor chair . ”
( They eventually did . )
There is no shortage of loudmouths on television .
There is , however , a very short supply of soft - spoken moralists -- exactly one .
Moyers can speak truth to power precisely because his motives are unimpeachable , his independence firmly established , his respect for ideas and thought amply demonstrated and his populism sincere and grounded in something much deeper than political fashion .
All of this has been Bill Moyers ’ triumph , but when it comes to television it has also been his albatross .
There really is no place for quiet truth on television anymore , only shouted opinions ; no place for speaking truth to power , only repeating what power dictates ; no place for morality , only strict , self - righteous moralism .
That is America ’s loss .
Bill Moyers may return to weekly television , even though he is 75 and certainly has paid his dues in full .
After all , he has left and come back before .
But if he does , he wo n’t return because he needs it .
He will return because we need him .
Until then , television will have a gaping hole .
calendar@latimes.com
Gabler is at work on a biography of the late Sen. Edward M. Kennedy .
KABUL -- Eight Americans , including officers of the Central Intelligence Agency , were killed in a suicide attack on a U.S. compound in Afghanistan , current and former U.S. officials said , in what could be the biggest loss of American intelligence personnel since the war here began .
" There was some tremendous talent lost , " a former intelligence official said .
A ...
CLEVELAND , Ohio —
Some Clevelanders call her winter 's mistress , an irresistible temptress who warms them through the holidays .
Others call her a ninja whose stealth attacks repeatedly shock them , leaving them cold and alone -- and sometimes naked -- lying on a floor .
Men sing songs exalting her strength and pen poems pining for her return after she 's gone .
But she 's no lady .
This femme fatale is a beer .
Christmas Ale -- introduced by Great Lakes Brewing Co. 15 years ago -- is soaring beyond cult status and cementing its place as a Cleveland icon .
" It 's not Christmas in Cleveland until I taste Christmas Ale , " said Katie Janca , who grew up in the West Park neighborhood .
Bars fight to sell it .
Groceries sometimes ration it .
And Clevelanders gulp it down , knowing the ginger - spiced nectar will likely be gone long before Santa 's sleigh touches down .
But this is about more than beer .
It 's about friends and family .
It 's about Christmas .
And it 's about something good coming out of Cleveland , a place that can often feel like its best days are far behind .
Janca , who graduated from St. Joseph Academy in 2003 , lives in New York City now .
When she and her friends from St. Joe's , St. Ignatius , St. Edward and all over the West Side come home for the holidays , they are all thirsty for Christmas Ale .
" I do n't know if people understand how important this is , but the deciding factor on where we go is whether they have Christmas Ale , " she said .
" We call ahead .
If they do n't have it , we go somewhere else . "
Beer Q&A
Brothers Pat and Dan Conway opened Ohio's first microbrewery -- Great Lakes Brewing Co. -- in 1988 .
While the beers have fans , Christmas
Ale has super fans who sip , chug and hoard the beer , often leaving not a drop available by Christmas .
Pat answered questions about Cleveland 's favorite holiday beverage :
Can you explain the process ?
The success of the beer has a lot to do with the perfect balance .
It 's an expensive beer to produce .
We 'll spend over $ 200,000 just on honey .
Has the honey , ginger and cinnamon - infused recipe evolved ?
We use the same ingredients .
Is it your best - selling beer ?
Dortmunder accounts for 35 percent of sales .
Christmas
Ale is 20 percent , but is only on sale for 8 weeks .
What 's the craziest story you heard about anyone trying to get their hands on the ale ?
The week before a friend 's 40th birthday , he called bars in his area to see who had Christmas Ale .
A pub had a keg , but would n't tap it until other seasonal beers were gone .
The friend bought up everything in those kegs , and the pub tapped the Ale .
Is there enough to see Cleveland through the holidays ?
No .
It 's selling at a record pace even though we produced almost 30 percent more than last year .
Even though Christmas
Ale is not that old , many already view it as a piece of Cleveland nostalgia , said Cory Rossen of Rozi 's Wine House in Lakewood .
" This is their memory of Cleveland . "
That may be especially true for homesick , displaced Clevelanders .
Mike Procuk , who grew up in Cuyahoga Heights , is a project officer with the U.S. Army living in Maryland .
He 's traveled a lot , and he said it 's tough explaining to people who have never visited Cleveland why the city is so great .
He said you can tell people about Progressive Field .
You can tell people about how great the Browns once were .
You can even describe the Terminal Tower .
But they do n't appreciate Cleveland 's pride .
" With Christmas Ale , you describe it , you give them a bottle and they understand it all , " said Procuk .
Christmas
Ale is in a perfect marketing storm , said David Sutula , the former brewmaster at Willoughby Brewing Co. who now helps run ' peeps creative , an Akron Market .
It 's a good product people want ; it 's nostalgic ; it involves Christmas ; and there 's a limited supply , said Sutula , who is not involved with marketing Great Lakes beers .
Sutula said he 's known for a couple of years that Christmas Ale struck it big .
But he did n't realize until this year , when he saw his mother - in - law order one in a restaurant , the depth of its pull .
His mother - in - law drinks wine , he said , adding that he had never seen her even sip a beer .
" We 're sitting there and she said ' I love this Christmas Ale , ' and I 'm thinking I can't even have a half of one or I 'm seeing double , " Sutula said .
" The strange thing about being a Clevelander is , if you belly up to a bar , people complain about missing this or missing that , how bad Cleveland is now , " Sutula said .
But it 's sort of like your mother 's cooking .
Even if your mother was a horrible cook , you still long for what she made you as a child , he said .
" Christmas Ale brings Clevelanders back to that place , back to that good place in their minds they remember .
It brings them back home . "
Someone emailed me with a series of questions about the server limits in MMO games .
The whole thing was too big to tackle in one go , but the central question was roughly :
“ Why can you have millions of people viewing the same webpage , but you ca n’t have more than a thousand or so users in the same shard of an MMO ? ”
While the availability of processing power and bandwidth have skyrocketed in the last decade , that “ 1,000 users ” number has changed very little in the same time period ?
( And perhaps it ’s even gone down in practice . )
Welcome to the thorny problem of multiplayer worlds , which involves population density , server network throughput , client framerate , client side prediction , and a whole bunch of other variables .
I ’m not an expert at this by any stretch of the imagination ( I usually stay away from server - side work ) but I offer my non-expert overview of the problem here .
Consider you , in an MMO , standing all by yourself :
As you move around the world , you send your positional data to the server .
At minimum , you need to send your x , y , and z position , along with a heading to indicate which way you ’re facing and some additional data to indicate how you ’re moving .
You might also send data indicating if you ’re looking up or down , and what other things you might be doing .
( Performing emotes , shooting , changing weapons , spell effects , etc etc. )
How often this is sent depends on the game in question .
A fast - paced action game might have a base framerate of 30 fps , which works out to you sending your positional data 30 times a second .
( Or as close as your PC can come , if you ’re really struggling to run the game . )
An MMO might get away with a lot less .
I would n’t be surprised if they only updated a few times a second .
In our case above , you send this positional data to the server , and in turn the server sends back its own idea of where you “ really ” are .
If you ’re lagging it ’s possible that you and the server might not agree .
The server is ultimately in charge , and so your game client will “ correct ” your position , yanking you back to where the server says you are .
People call this “ rubber banding ” , because you appear to walk forward and then snap back to where you were a few seconds ago .
So you ’re constantly sending your position , and the server is sending back your position .
For the sake of simplicity , let ’s just assume these two things happen at the same rate .
You send one up , and get one back down .
The server gets one , and sends one back out .
No problem .
Now , you find yourself standing near another user :
You send your data , and you get back data for two .
You get your position , and the other player ’s position .
The other player gets the same deal .
One up , two down .
No problem .
But the server is doing something different .
It ’s getting two updates , but then it must send two updates to two people .
So , it gets two , but sends four .
I ’m sure you can see where this is going :
Twenty users .
Everyone sends an update , and gets twenty in return .
( Their own position , plus one for each of the other 19 people . )
The server gets twenty updates , and sends four hundred – twenty updates to twenty people .
Well , obviously we ’ve got a very annoying growth curve here where the outgoing updates is the square of the number of people in the environment .
We need to mitigate this problem if we want to get anywhere near making a half - decent MMO .
We do this by trying to cut down on the numbers on both sides of the multiply sign :
Maximum Distance
Obviously we can implement some sort of maximum - view radius .
Everyone will only see other users that are within some reasonable distance .
Picking a good value is crucial , and that “ good value ” depends on a lot of other factors .
Making this value too small means people will pop in and out of view abruptly , and two people might have trouble finding each other even in a perfectly open area .
The woods might be thick with players , but if they ’re spread out and I can only see people within twenty meters of me , the place can feel sort of empty .
Suddenly you start to lose the “ massive ” in MMO .
On the other hand , people are not spread out evenly over the world .
They tend to congregate in cities and around key locations .
It might seem reasonable to see everyone within fifty meters when I ’m out in the wilderness , but with a view distance like that I ’ll be able to see almost everyone in town .
If you ’ve ever been to the bank or the auction house in World of Warcraft , you know that a huge number of people cluster around those areas .
This optimization fails to help in dense areas , which is where most of the problem occurs .
Limit Viewable Characters
For the auction house clustering problem , you might consider putting an upper limit on how many people you can see .
Perhaps if the local population gets to be extremely dense , everyone will only see the closest ( say ) forty people ?
This will introduce a little strangeness to the world , in that you ’ll have I - can - see - you - but - you - ca n ’t - see - me issues .
To help picture this , imagine a super - simple world where you only see yourself and the one person closest to you :
Blue and green will each see one another and not be aware of yellow .
Yellow will see blue but not green .
Try adding this feature to a game with PvP and see how fast it all flies apart and gameplay turns into a morass of confusion and exploits .
Cull Extraneous Data
Some games will go to great lengths to reduce how much data is sent .
For example , perhaps your vertical position is only sent when it changes .
( Left 4 Dead does this . )
This can let you leave out one of the x , y , z values if you do n’t need it , although a feature like this would be worthless in a world without a good supply of flat surfaces .
An obvious way to cut down on data sent is to simply not send out updates for a character that ’s standing still .
This works really well for people who might be using the bank , auction house , or a shop ( finally !
a technique that helps with the in - town crowds ! ) but wo n’t be a great deal of help in the wild when people are always on the move , looking around , and firing off abilities and spell effects .
The server might decide to “ throttle ” updates from other users .
So , the game might give me ten updates per second if I ’m with just one other person , but if I ’m in a huge crowd I might get updates for other people once a second .
I ’ll still be able to see a huge crowd without bringing the server to its knees , but everyone else will appear to have very choppy or uneven movement .
CPU Concerns
Ideally you ’d want a system that scales based on what ’s around the user .
If they ’re out in the wilderness alone , it should be aggressive at showing other players and showing them at great distances .
But if they ’re socializing in town on a Saturday night during a holiday event and the place is wall - to - wall with players , then the server should be working to limit how much you see .
Oh !
Do n’t forget that the server should always try to show you people who are in your party , even if they ’re a little distance away and you ’re in a crowd .
Also do n’t forget that there ’s an overhead to introducing you to someone new because it has to send a larger block of data describing their avatar .
And the server also needs to propagate chat messages which , while pretty lightweight on their own , still have to be sorted by distance and zone so that everyone sees the text that they should .
Do n’t forget that you need to transmit data for pets and mounts .
And then the killer : moving all those tens ( or perhaps hundreds ) of thousands of monsters around and keeping players up to date on where they are .
Okay , it ’s obvious that this stuff can get incredibly complex in a hurry .
And typical of the tradeoffs that that you face in these sorts of situations :
The more of these bandwidth - saving techniques we use , the more CPU we need .
In a world with 1,000 or 1,500 users ( a common user count for an MMO ) you can end up doing an absolute ton of per - frame - per-user operations .
For example , finding the closest 50 users for everyone in the world means doing a ton of distance calculations and sorting .
Every one of the 1,000 users has a unique list of monsters and other users that they can see .
That list needs to be updated and sorted on a regular basis .
While this does n’t need to be done every frame , it ’s still a nasty multiplicative problem because for each of the 1,000 users , the other 999 need to be considered for visibility .
Any number that ends up being squared is a number you want to keep a low as possible .
We have lots of great algorithms for doing these sorts of sorting and comparison operations .
( A lot of Information Science theory is spent on these very subjects .
Very smart people were sorting and comparing massive lists of data long before anyone ever thought about making an MMO . )
But even with our fancy new whiz - bang computers and advanced sorting technology , 1,000 + people moving X times a second produce ( and demand ) more than enough data to tax a server .
Given the multiplicative effects of crowds , a modest increase in population can lead to severe spikes in demand .
And in the end , do we want more than 1,000 people in the world with us at once ?
There is a certain “ sweet spot ” .
You do n’t want that “ ghost town ” feel , but you also do n’t want the “ smothering ” effect you get in high population areas .
Big cities are notorious for rudeness , small towns are famous for being friendly .
This is n’t because only jerks live in cities and only nice people live in small towns .
There is a psychological effect to having a press of people around us , competing for our resources and taking up our elbow room .
People get impatient and edgy when they ’re fighting a crowd .
But if you ’ve got lots of resources and lots of room , you might even find yourself eager to connect with someone else .
You ’re more inclined to greet them on the road and help them if you can .
This behavior carries over to the virtual world .
I think that despite an MMO being “ massive ” , it ’s actually a lot more fun and a lot more conducive to team play if you can get people to have that “ small town ” feel .
That sense that we ’re all in this together .
You want enough people that players will be able to meet , interact , and form groups , but few enough that they ’ll actually want to .
Even if your servers have lots of power and bandwidth and your MMO could support 5,000 simultaneous users , it would probably be detrimental to gameplay to do so .
Some 15 years ago , a small - scale box scheme started up in Hackney , feeding around 30 families .
In 1997 , that initiative started to develop into Growing Communities , an organisation that now feeds 1,000 people a week through its box scheme , hosts the only weekly organic farmers ’ market in the UK , grows food on sites across Hackney and trains people in vital agricultural and food preparation skills .
Growing Communities is much more than the sum of those parts , however .
Explicitly opposed to the current food production and distribution system , it sees itself as ‘ growing the new society in the shell of the old ’ and helping to model what a grass - roots , community - led , not - for - profit food production system might look like in the future .
Through its 12 - point ‘ Manifesto for Feeding the City ’ ( see box , next page ) , the organisation lays out the principles that those involved believe are necessary for a fair and ecologically sound food system in the UK , and particularly for large urban areas such as London .
The organisation sources its food both through existing organic producers and through the development of its own patchwork of urban agriculture sites within the borough of Hackney .
With around 25 producers hosting regular stalls at the farmers ’ market , which has a customer base of an average 1,500 local residents each week , Growing Communities provides a much needed revenue stream for those small UK farms still competing with multinational supermarkets and agri-business .
Meanwhile , its box scheme sources salad from Hackney - based ‘ microsites ’ , as well as food from further afield .
It generates nearly £ 10,000 from sales of Hackney - grown produce , from a total land area of only half an acre .
Constituted as a not - for - profit company , Growing Communities is run by a volunteer management committee elected from its membership .
The membership is comprised of all subscribers to the box scheme , as well as those who donate to the organisation .
In contrast to some other grass - roots food schemes across the country , it believes that members should have control of its operations through the management committee , as opposed to control by workers .
As a result , while its structure is flatter than many commercial box schemes , it is not a workers ’ cooperative but runs with a mainly traditional staff structure .
It employs nearly 20 people , all of whom work on a part - time basis , as well as a number of volunteers .
Urban food strategy
Rather than simply attempt to grow as much food as locally as possible without analysis or strategy , Growing Communities has drawn on its years of experience in urban local food production to produce an achievable ideal of what food distribution might look like in the future .
This ‘ food zone strategy ’ ( see diagram , next page ) informs the areas on which Growing Communities concentrates , and provides a way to measure the success of its efforts .
While the organisation currently enjoys success in sourcing food both from the urban and ‘ rural hinterland ’ zones , ‘ peri-urban ’ land remains a significant challenge .
Despite the availability of urban fringe land within the M25 , very little agricultural activity remains within this area of London .
As a result , Growing Communities is currently looking into the possibility of kick - starting food production within the peri-urban belt , specifically for distribution within Hackney .
As well as expanding its own operations , Growing Communities is also looking into replication of the initiative across London .
Having originally started as a small vegetable box scheme , the organisation is in a good position to advise other groups across the capital about the pitfalls and opportunities that await anyone attempting to repeat its success .
Instead of leaving provision of local food to profit - orientated companies , Growing Communities hopes to catalyse more community - led , not - for - profit schemes in boroughs across the capital – having shown already that it can be done .
Part of the movement
Well aware of its wider connection to the environmental and social justice movements , Growing Communities attempts where possible to link its food production and distribution to a wider political agenda .
Not only does its weekly box scheme newsletter often focus on critiques of the existing food system , but the organisation goes out of its way to make itself more accessible to lower - income residents of the borough .
In June of this year , both the farmers ’ market and the box scheme began accepting Healthy Start vouchers , the government scheme for low income families with young children .
In addition to this , the organisation seeks to create employment opportunities through its apprentice growers scheme , which teaches the skills necessary for urban agriculture and then allows hands - on experience on the Hackney based microsites .
And the organisation is very activist - friendly – Climate Camp received a few boxes of Hackney - grown salad last year as a small token of Growing Communities ’ awareness of its links to the wider movement .
Of course , there have been numerous challenges for Growing Communities , and many of these continue to exist .
Any initiative that is seeking to challenge and subvert the power of institutions as large and as powerful as supermarkets will always encounter difficulties , particularly as it begins to grow large enough to make it onto their radar .
Even an organisation the size of Growing Communities , however , seems to have been largely overlooked by regional and national government , and has often been seen only as a concern of Hackney Council ’s parks department , rather than as a wider exemplar of local economic health , environmental sustainability and social inclusion .
Only many such organisations , networked and learning from each other , will be able to significantly challenge the status quo of food production in the UK .
As Kerry Rankine , who works at Growing Communities , says , ‘ The most important lesson that the organisation can teach is that members of a community , working together , can achieve a real shift in people ’s priorities and thinking .
From a small start , the organisation now provides employment for scores of people , food for thousands , and hopefully inspiration for many more . ’
Matt Sellwood is the Green Party candidate for Hackney North
Growing Communities ’ 12 - point manifesto
The food involved should :
Be farmed and produced ecologically
Be as local as practicable
Be seasonal
Be mainly plant - based
Be fresh or involve minimal processing
Be from small - scale operations
Support fair trade
Involve environmentally friendly and
low - carbon resource use
Promote knowledge
Foster community
Strive to be economically viable and independent
Be produced honestly , transparently and promote trust throughout the food chain
SANTA
Claus has been accused of acting in ways that could " damage millions of lives " .
As the mythical man in red zooms around the planet delivering gifts , he is an unwitting promoter of obesity , unhealthy products , disease and even drink driving , according to an Australian academic .
" Other dangerous activities that Santa could be accused of promoting include speeding , disregard for road rules and extreme sports such as roof surfing and chimney jumping , " said Dr Nathan Grills , public health fellow at Monash University 's Department of Epidemiology and Preventative Medicine .
" Despite the risks of high speed air travel , Santa is never depicted wearing a seatbelt or helmet . "
In a paper published by the British Medical Journal , Dr Grills said Santa Claus ' contemporary image became cemented in the public consciousness through a series of Coca Cola advertisements that began in the 1930s .
His image was subsequently used in tobacco advertising and , while most countries had moved to ban this , it was common to still see Santa pictured on Christmas cards with a pipe in hand .
A study found Santa Claus was the only fictional character that was more highly recognised by US children than Ronald McDonald .
" If Ronald McDonald can be so effective at selling burgers to children , we might expect Santa to be equally effective at selling other goods , " Dr Grills said .
" ... Public health needs to be aware of what giant multinational capitalists realised long ago , that Santa sells and sometimes he sells harmful products . "
Dr Grills said countries like India were increasingly celebrating Christmas , and Santa 's image could again be used to sell harmful products where there was less regulation of advertising .
Santa 's " rotund sedentary image " also had the effect of making " obesity synonymous with cheerfulness and joviality " around the world , he said .
Children were also encouraged to leave out brandy , or other hard liquor , for a man who had to do a lot of travel and visit a lot of houses all in one night .
Amid a global swine flu pandemic , Dr Grills said most people who stood in as Santa impersonators were not required to undergo a health check - and they get " kissed and hugged " by a succession of " snotty - nosed kids " .
" We need to be aware that Santa has an ability to influence people , and especially children , towards unhealthy behaviour , " he said .
" Given Santa 's universal appeal , and reasoning from a public health perspective , Santa needs to affect health by only 0.1 per cent to damage millions of lives . "
Instead using a sleigh , Santa should be " encouraged to adopt a more active method to deliver toys - swapping his reindeer for a bike or simply walking or jogging " , Dr Grills said .
AAP dr / srp/de
Originally published as Santa ' sets a bad example '
These photographs of ’ spirits ’ are taken from an album of photographs unearthed in a Lancashire second - hand and antiquarian bookshop by one of the Museum ’s curators .
They were taken by a controversial medium called William Hope ( 1863-1933 ) .
Born in 1863 in Crewe , Hope started his working life as a carpenter .
In about 1905 he became interested in spirit photography after capturing the supposed image of a ghost while photographing a friend .
He went on to found the Crewe Circle – a group of six spirit photographers led by Hope .
When Archbishop Thomas Colley joined the group they began to publicise their work .
Following World War I support for the Crewe Circle grew as the grieving relatives of those lost to the war sought a means of contacting their loved ones .
By 1922 Hope had moved to London where he became a professional medium .
The work of the Crew Circle was investigated on various occasions .
The most famous of these took place in 1922 , when the Society for Psychical Research sent Harry Price to investigate the group .
Price collected evidence that Hope was substituting glass plates bearing ghostly images in order to produce his spirit photographs .
Later the same year Price published his findings , exposing Hope as a fraudster .
However , many of Hope ’s most ardent supporters spoke out on his behalf , the most famous being Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , and Hope continued to practice , despite his exposure .
He died in London on 7 March 1933 .
The clergyman and his wife had attended a seance at which a voice was heard , claiming to be their stillborn daughter – whom the ’ spirit people ’ had named Rose .
The voice asked them to sit for a psychic photograph , telling them she would try to appear in it .
‘ Rose ’ is not clearly apparent in the image .
The image of the man was identified as the long - deceased father of the clergyman .
A photograph of Welsh mediums – and brothers – Joe and Will Thomas , taken in about 1920 .
The Thomas family claimed that the image superimposed over the sitters was the only photograph of their deceased grandmother in existence .
Hope , however , would have used an existing photograph of a woman to create the illusion .
The face of a young woman appears over the woman on the right of the photograph .
The reverse of the photograph reads : ‘ Why is the child always pushing to the front ? ’ and ‘ Do we get messages from the higher spirits ? ’ ; perhaps questions the women wanted answering .
One of the sitters , at Hope ’s request , has signed the plate for authentication .
The image of a young man ’s face appears prominently over the man , draped in a cloak .
The signature at the base of the image belongs to the sitter .
The man had links with the person who compiled the spirit album , and he gave the photograph to her as a keepsake .
He apparently recognised the young man ’s face .
A woman ’s face appears in a ‘ misty ’ cloud to the right of the man – identified as that of his deceased first wife .
Hope may have already held her photograph in his studio , or he may have asked the man to supply her photograph under the pretence of using the image to contact the spirit world .
A photograph of the Welsh medium Joe Thomas , taken in about 1920 .
The shrouded woman ’s face appearing in the photograph was not identified by Thomas – but it may indicate some form of collaboration between him and Hope .
A photograph of a group gathered at a seance , taken by William Hope ( 1863-1933 ) in about 1920 .
The information accompanying the spirit album states that the table is levitating .
In reality , the image of a ghostly arm has been superimposed over the table using a double exposure .
A photograph of a mourning scene , probably taken by William Hope ( 1863-1933 ) in about 1920 .
A woman mourns for her husband in a Chapel of Rest , standing by his body which is wrapped in sheets and laden with flowers .
The woman ’s son stands beside her .
The image of a man ’s face has been superimposed over the original photograph .
The spirit album notes that the family were Roman Catholics and believed in life after death .
With a little bit of hacking and modification , you can add up to 24 additional visual effects to iChat video conferencing and Photo Booth !
A reader pointed out this very cool Mac OS X mod and if you like to play around with Photo Booth or iChat effects it ’s worth the effort , since it gives you some new nifty options .
Enabling Hidden Visual Effects in Photo Booth for Mac OS X
Quit out of Photo Booth and Messages app before beginning .
To enable the effects first locate the .qtz files in the following location :
/ System / Library / Compositions
Make a copy of those files , and copy them to the following location :
/ Library / Compositions
If that second folder does n’t exist you can just create it for the same effect .
Next you ’ll need to drag the files you want to use into something like TextWrangler or another property - list editing capable text editor .
In each visual effect that you want to use within iChat and Photo Booth , simply find and delete the array code that follows ‘ ExcludedHosts ’ that refers to excluding Photo Booth and iChat ( see screenshot ) , it ’s usually near the top of the file :
After you delete those lines , save the files and launch iChat or Photo Booth to have the new effects as options .
Here ’s the full list of the additional hidden visual effects you can enable , 24 in total :
* ASCII Art
* Blue Print
* Blur
* City Lights
* Color Controls
* Color Invert
* Compound Eye
* Concert
* Copy Machine
* Crystallize
* Dot Screen
* Exposure Adjust
* Film Stock
* Gamma Adjust
* Kaleidescope
* Line Overlay
* Line Screen
* Monochrome
* Neon
* Pixellate
* Pointillize
* Posterize
* Sharpen
* Swing
* Tracer
* Zoom Blur
As RobG at MacOSXHints.com points out , you can preview each of these effects by opening the quartz files in Quick Look .
Personally I think Ascii
Art is the coolest just on a purely geek level ( above screenshot is this effect on the Mac Finder logo , below screenshot is the ‘ Line Overlay ’ effect on the Finder logo ) .
Scientists hope fake nerves could offer sense of touch for amputees with prosthetic limbs
The ' cyber - nerves ' will also encourage the growth of new cells in the nervous system , allowing amputees to feel touch and heat
Artificial nerves that allow people with false limbs to feel the heat from a coffee cup or the touch of another person 's hand are being developed by scientists .
' Cyber - nerves ' are created from a revolutionary material called Pedot that conducts electricity like a wire and which can encourage the growth of new cells .
Strands of Pedot have already been used to connect severed nerves in animals and restore use of defunct muscles .
Researchers are hoping the first tests on people , which could one day help amputees to feel heat , cold and touch with their prosthetic limbs , will start in three years .
Their goal is to splice strands of the material into a patient 's nervous system and then connect the cyber - nerves to sensors built into artificial fingers , toes and hands .
Prof Paul Cederna , plastic surgeon at the University of Michigan , said : ' Somebody who has lost both their hands would be able to hold their child 's hand again and feel the warmth . '
The creation of Pedot was announced at the American Society of Plastic Surgeons conference in Seattle earlier this month .
The research is being funded by the Pentagon in a bid to help war veterans who have lost limbs in Iraq and Afghanistan .
According to Prof Cederna , the new synthetic nerves pave the way to two - way communication between a patient 's brain and their prosthetic limb .
Pedot reacts more quickly than normal nerve cells - and is 10 times more efficient at carrying electrical signals than metals currently use .
The plastic also stimulates the growth of healthy new nerve cells .
In one experiment , plastic surgeons grafted Pedot on to the severed leg of a rat .
New nerve fibres grew and took over from the damaged ones - bringing back to life muscles which had been useless .
In a second study , researchers created a ' cup ' containing cells , muscle and the Pedot material around the severed nerve of a rat .
After 114 days , new blood vessels and muscles had formed , nerve fibres had regrown and sensation returned for the animal .
Prof Cederna wants to start human trials within three years - and hopes to create the first artificial limbs using cyber - nerves spliced into ordinary nerves within the decade .
He told the Sunday Times : ' It would feel the same as the real thing .
There would be no re-learning required from the brain because the nerves already carry all those signals . '
Olympic hopeful John Butterworth , who lost a hand in a blast in Iraq , could benefit from the technology
The nerves would be connected to thousands of microscopic sensors that can distinguish hot , cold and touch , he added .
Around 5,000 people are fitted with a prosthetic limb each year .
Four out of five are false legs and feet .
Pedot offers most help to the minority who have lost a hand .
Michael Fox , a the Royal National Orthopaedic hospital in London , said there were huge technical obstacles to creating a ' feeling ' false hand .
' There is a great risk of the brain receiving wrong signals , ' he said .
' I am excited by these advances but it 's very early days . '
CMT is adding four new series for its fall lineup .
" Orange County Choppers , " " Tattoo Titans , " " The Untitled Cassadee Pope Project " and " Untitled 495 Series " join " CMT Crossroads " and " Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders , " which return with new episodes , the cable network said Wednesday .
“ We ’re continuing to build off of our recent success , and loading our fall schedule with brand new series , new episodes of returning series , acquisitions and the incredible music that CMT is known for , ” Katie Buchanan , the channel 's senior vice president of program scheduling and acquisitions , said in a statement .
She continued , “ Our prime ratings average exploded over the previous quarter , as well as over a year ago , and we ’re confident that these new series will continue our growth trend . ”
Also read : CMT Orders More ' Dog and Beth '
Here are descriptions of the new fall series :
" The Untitled Cassadee Pope Project "
Premieres Oct. 4 at 9:00 p.m. , ET /PT
" The Untitled Cassadee Pope Project " offers a behind - the - scenes look at up - and - coming artist , Cassadee Pope , the winner of Season 3 of “ The Voice , ” and her journey to become a star .
" Untitled 495 Series "
Premieres Nov. 8 at 9:00 p.m. ET /PT
CMT ’s new reality series , " Untitled 495 Series , " follows a group of all - American guys and gals for a summer of fun on the coast of South Carolina .
There will be an abundance of southern pride , CMT boasts .
" Orange County Choppers "
Premieres Nov. 16 at 9:00 p.m. ET /PT
The world ’s most - renowned custom motorcycle manufacturer and its fearless leader return to television in " Orange County Choppers , " a new eight - episode series premiering on CMT .
The show follows Paul Teutul Sr. and his team in creating mind - blowing crazy bikes and drama .
" Tattoo Titans "
Premieres Nov. 16 at 10:00 p.m. ET /PT
Each week , four of the best tattoo artists from around the country will face off against each other in a competition designed to push them to their artistic and mental limits .
The winner gets $ 10,000 in cash .
Plus - size Crystal Renn takes on a typically slim model to prove fashion CAN flatter any figure
When it comes to fashion , size matters , right ?
Not according to plus - size model Crystal Renn , whose latest photo shoot sees her take on a traditionally slim rival , posing side - by - side in next month 's V Magazine .
Renn , 23 , is pictured alongside fashion 's latest new face , Jacquelyn Jablonski , who at just 17 has already modelled for Calvin Klein Jeans and Proenza Schouler .
Both girls are 5ft 9in tall with long dark hair - but that 's where the similarities end .
While Jablonski fits the slender mould for a typical catwalk model , Renn is a curvy size 16 .
Fashion for everyone : Jacquelyn Jablonski , a typical catwalk model , poses alongside size 16 Crystal Renn
But Renn , who is the face of Evans ' latest campaign , and has appeared on the cover of U.S. Vogue , more than holds her own .
Dressed in identical tribal - inspired outfits , each girl lends her own unique personality to the garments by high - fashion designers including Ralph Lauren , Versace and Dolce & Gabbana - all famed for favouring very thin models on their catwalks .
Nor are the edgy looks hampered by Renn 's less conventional shape - instead , they are in many ways enhanced .
The images , which were taken by top fashion photographer Terry Richardson , are the latest in a series of campaigns for designers and magazines to use models with more varied looks , ages and body shapes .
They follow British designer Mark Fast 's last - minute decision to use a combination of plus-size and conventional models on his catwalk last September .
One size fits all : New face Jablonski , left , and Renn , right , model the same stretchy Danielle Scutt minidress
Measuring up : Jablonski , 17 , is typical of the models used in the fashion industry , but designers including Mark Fast and Jean Paul Gaultier are beginning to use curvier girls like Renn , right
His choice , an effort to show how his collection could work for any body shape , was considered so radical that his stylist allegedly pulled out of the show just days before it was due to take place .
Renn herself has just written a book detailing her own battle with the modelling industry , and the presssure to be thin , titled Hungry : A Young Model ’s Story of Appetite , Ambition and the Ultimate Embrace of Curves .
The book tells how she developed an eating disorder that nearly killed her , and the extreme lengths she went to in order to obtain a fashion - thin body .
Now a staunch campaigner against identikit catwalk models , sh e said : ' I ’d love to see [ the fashion industry ] open their eyes to the variety of women .
That variety is what ’s beautiful .
Face - off : Each girl lends her own unique personality to the tribal - inspired looks
' Current sample sizes that models are all expected to fit into are ridiculous – a US size zero or British size 4 is the standard .
They should go up to a British size 16 .
' I ’m not saying all models should be size 16 , but bigger dresses can be pinned and adjusted , while tiny size zero clothes can’t really be changed .
It means all these models starve themselves , like I did , to fit them . '
But recent events prove that the likes of Renn and Fast have a long way to go .
This year alone , two models have died from anorexia , and Ralph Lauren came under fire in October when in photoshopped an already slim model to look impossibly thin .
Just last month Kate Moss added more fuel to the size zero debate by admitting her motto is : ' Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels , ' and only this week , Selfridges provoked outrage after it decided to cease stocking plus - size fashion line Marina Rinaldi .
-- A special thanks to Rex Sorgatz for letting us use his idea .
Be sure to check out his list of " best of " 2009 lists .
The Noughtie List : the 2000s in Review
Hi folks , I 'm Jenni Leder and I 'll be heading up The Noughtie List .
It 's basically a list of all the " best ofs " from the 2000s .
It 's a work in progress so I would love to get your input on what should go on the list .
I 'll also be doing a weekly post highlighting the best of the " best ofs " that are on the list , as well as keep you all updated on any new developments .
The list currently includes 377 items ; new additions are marked with a **.
Best Agencies Advertising Age
Best Ideas Advertising Age
Best Non-TV Campaigns Advertising Age
Best TV Spots Advertising Age
Best Of Advertising AdWeek
Lost In The Aughts [ video ] Curbed Los Angeles
Best Of Architecture Washington Post
The Best New Buildings Of NY Curbed
Review : Adrian Searle On Visual Art The Guardian
Best Of The Sewing Industry Sew Mama Sew
A Portrait Of The Noughties BBC
10 Of The Most Significant Visual Artists CBC
Living In The Memory : A Celebration Of The Great Writers Who Died The Guardian
Best Fiction ( So Far ) : An Introduction The Millions
Best Fiction Books : Pros Versus Readers The Millions
When Lit Blew Into Bits NY Magazine
Most Collectible Books AbeBooks
Best Atheism Books Common Sense Atheism
Top 20 Books The Daily Iowan
20 Best Science Fiction Books io9
The Best Music Books True Slant
10 Best Science Fiction And Fantasy Novels Techland
25 Important Books HTMLGIANT
Best Of Online Book Lists Largehearted Boy
Best Books Of The Decade Good Reads
10 Best Short - Story Collections A.V. Club
100 Best Books TimesOnline UK
Best Books A.V. Club
Best of , Pros Versus Readers The Millions
Top Ten of Covers Book Cover Archive
Person Of The Decade Smart Money
The Decade Of Steve CNN
The Google Decade Ends The Big Money
For Savers , It Was Hardly A Lost Decade NY Times
Star Stocks The Globe And Mail
Corporate Scoundrels And Scandals NPR
10 Ways Freelancing Has Changed Freelance Folder
The Big Zero NY Times
The Decade In Markets Financial Times
Top Stocks Time
Top Brands Fritinancy
Most Intriguing Deals Advertising Age
Newly Minted Tycoons Newsweek
The End Of The 00's The Awl
The Stylus Decade Stylus Magazine
The Shoddy Aughties : Best Of Worst Lists Engine Industries
Best Of Techland
Best Of The Decade In News Washington Post
Book Of Tens Advertising Age
" Best Of " Lists Fast Company
The Top 10 Everything Time
Best Of A.V. Club
The 00's Issue NY Magazine
The 2000s : The Decade In Pop Culture CBC
Best Of Entertainment Weekly
The Decade in Rewind Newsweek
Cinema Blend Relives The Aughts Cinema Blend
Review The Guardian
Best Of The 2000s Complex.com
Best Of The Decade : Issue 58 Nov 09 Paste Magazine
Top 10 Graphic Novels The Halifax Reader
Worst Decade Ever ?
Dustinland
Most Important Events , Comic Style io9
Top 10 Superhero Deaths Techland
10 Best Science Fiction Comics io9
10 Best Comics Techland
Best Comics A.V. Club
The First 3,650 Days Esquire
The Recession Generation Newsweek
Hello , 2010 .
Goodbye , Decade of Cringe Christian Science Monitor
The Decade We Had NY Times
The ' Downhill Decade ' Christian Science Monitor
Revisiting the New York Times ' 2001 “ Year In Ideas ” Mediaite
The Top 10 Things That Defined ‘ The Noughties ' , By Category David Galbraith
What Do You Call It ?
The New Yorker
Noted , Without Noteworthiness
The Awl
A Decade That Left A Mark On U.S. History USA Today
The Noughties : A Fond( ish ) Farewell The Daily Telegraph
Decade In Review The Daily Show
The Encyclopedia Of Counterintuitive Thought NY Magazine
Moment Of The Decade News Digital Media
Worst Predictions Newsweek
A Decade So Bad , It Didn't Even Have a Name And No One Even Knows
It 's Ending Daily Miltonian
Mister Narrative Of The Decade -- One Man's View Momus
The Great Reset [ video ]
Futures Group
The Rise of the Rest [ video ]
Futures Group
The 10 Worst Things About The Worst Decade Ever Time
The Decade In 7 Minutes . [ video ]
Newsweek
The Most Relevant Identity Work Brand New
14 Biggest Design Moments Fast Company
The Decade In Design Good
Several Designers ' Own Take On The 00's Cover NY Magazine
The Decade Of Dirty Design AIGA
Masters Of Design Fast Company
Best Beauty Products Beauty And Fashion Tech
Best Of Fashion Cape Cod Online
Naughtie Behavior : Hair NY Times Magazine
Women Who Rocked The Post - Millennial Industry Jezebel
What Would The '00s Have Been Without The Olsens ?
Style
35 Short - Lived Trends NY Magazine
Review Of Fashion The Guardian
2000 - 2009 In Fashion Wikipedia
Top 100 Sneakers complex.com
The Nation : The Decade For Women NPR
Most Memorable Feminist Moments Double X
Wine Tales Napa Valley Register
The Decade in Food Good
Best Cookbooks Eat Me Daily
10 Worst Dining Trends Chicago Tribune
Best Decades of the Decade By Gone Bureau
The Decade In One Page Eugene Linden
U.S. Timeline 2000's America's Best History
A Portrait Of The Decade BBC
The Decade Definer Vanity Fair
Picturing The Past NY Times
How the Internet Changed Writing Gigaom
History Of Online Video Dembot
10 Most Dastardly Cybercrimes Wired
30 Funniest Political Videos Political Humor
Internet Memes Newsweek
Most Virulent Videos The Daily Beast
Top 10 Internet Memes Heavy
Top 10 Internet Moments CNN
Ten Most Influential Internet Moments Webby Awards
Worst Internet Disasters Pingdom
Most Important Websites Advertising Age
The Top 10 Internet Moments ABC News
An A - Z Of Sex In The Noughties Dr. Petra
Michael Musto's Year ( and Decade ) In Review !
Villiage Voice
A Decade In Spoilers NY Times
Deaths Of The Decade NY Daily News
Digital Ramble : All For Naughts NY Times Magazine
Shocking Celebrity Deaths Associated Content
Young Stars Who Died Now Public
The Decade In Culture Good
Best New Character Of The Decade io9
5 Life Lessons Learned From The Ladies Of Teen Films Jezebel
Most Influential Person Washington Post
The People Who Ruined The Decade The Guardian
Top 10 Science Fiction Disappointments io9
That 's So Aughties !
Vanity Fair
Notable Deaths NBC Chicago
The Biggest Disappointments Nerve
The Decade According To 9 - Year - Olds [ video ]
Allie Garcia
10 Pop Culture Trends CBC
A Retrospective : 28 Media Leaders Who Died This Decade Mediaite
Best 15 Entertainers Entertainment Weekly
Popular Baby Names Social Security Administration
You Aught To Remember [ weblog ]
You Aught To Remember
The Evolution Of The Hipster Paste Magazine
The I - Decade INTELLIGENT LIFE Magazine
The I - Decade Part 2 : Defining The Noughties INTELLIGENT LIFE Magazine
Top 100 Defining Cultural Moments The Daily Telegraph
Covering the Decade : 10 Years
In 2 Minutes [ video ] American Society Of Magazine Editors
Best Magazine Covers Advertising Age
20 Best Magazines Paste Magazine
Memories of the Turn of the Century in Film : Part 1 The Fine Cut **
Memories of the Turn of the Century in Film : Part 2 The Fine Cut **
Roger Ebert 's Journal : Best Films Chicago Sun-Times
An American Film Geek 's Best Of Twitch
Breakthroughs Cinematical
Top 10 Conservative Movies The Daily Telegraph
Critics Survey : Best Films IndieWire
Naughtie Behavior : Film Style NY Times Magazine
The 40 Biggest Stinkers Inside Movies
20 Best Films Reverse Shot
20 Most Memorable Trailers Monsters & Critics
Best Films The New Yorker
Roeper 's Best Films Chicago Sun-Times
Ten Best Movies Christian Science Monitor
Top 10 Overrated Movies Big Hollywood
Top 10 Science Fiction Movies BSC Review
Top 20 Films Collider
Top 25 Films Dallas Morning News
Top 25 Mostly Americanish Movies The L Magazine
Watch Out Avatar : These Movies Have Stood The Test Of Time Culture Map
End -Of - Decade Clip Party
The L Magazine
Top Directors Salon
Top 25 Movies Slashdot
Twenty - Five Essential Films Ferdy On Film
If '00 Movies Were Made In Other Decades College Humor
Twenty Best Films True Slant
Best Films Salon
Best Holiday Movies AMC
Shaggy Dog Movies GreenCine
Ten Worst Horror Movies AMC
Ten Worst SciFi Blockbusters AMC
The Best ( And Worst ) Movies Metacritic
The Naughts Project IFC
Winners and Losers of SciFi Movies AMC
10 Best Comedies Pajiba
10 Best Comic Book Movies Pajiba
10 Best Horror Movies Pajiba
10 Best Kids Movies Pajiba
10 Best Love Stories Pajiba
10 Best Sci-Fi Films Pajiba
10 Most Culturally Poisonous Film Pajiba
Best Action Flicks Pajiba
Best Films Pajiba
Best Foreign Films Cinematical
Best Indie Films Pajiba
Best Of Movies Lists Slate
Directors Of The Decade Salon
Top 10 Foreign Films Pajiba
Top 25 Horror Films Bloody Good Horror
Top 10 Worst Superhero Movies Techland
Best Of : Filmmakers The Auteurs
Best Of : Films The Auteurs
Best Of : Images From Films The Auteurs
Best Of : Movie Posters The Auteurs
Top 10 Biggest Movies Buzzfeed
Top 25 Horror Films Shock Till You Drop
Best Films Of The Decade : The Front Row The New Yorker
Best Films Of The Decade ?
Bah !
Humbug !
Tom Shone
The 35 Worst Straight - to - DVD Sequels BuzzFeed
You Missed It : Most Unfairly Overlooked Movies Cinema Blend
1,000 Best Films Scaruffi
Decade Roundup : The 13 Movies That Defined the '00s Rotten ' In Denmark
The Noughties : Film Feeling Listless
Top 10 Sci-Fi Movies Techland
Top 50 Rated Films The Auteurs
Influential Milestones And Important Turning Points In Film History AMC Filmsite
A Perspective On Aughts Culture The House Next Door
Film's 10 Best Music Moments Cinema Blend
The 100 Best Films The Times
The Movie Title Stills Collection Annyas.com
2000s In Film Wikipedia
The TONY Top 50 movies Time Out New York
Top 101 Films Time Out New York
Top Rated Titles IMDB.com
The Gummy Awards : 50 Best Albums Stereogum
25 Most Under - rated Records of the Decade as Determined By Scientific Method Brightest Young Things
Best French Albums Filles Sourires
Favorite Albums Gorilla Vs Bear
Favorite Songs Gorilla Vs Bear
Top 50 Albums +
Top 20 Mixes ill - ec - tro-nic
Best Punk Rock Vinyl Mother Jones
Top Listener Voted Albums KEXP
DJs Top Ten Albums KEXP
Naughtie Behavior : Music NY Times Magazine
A World Of Megabeats And Megabytes NY TImes
Best Of : By - The - Numbers Billboard
Meltdowns And Blowups : 50 Wildest Rock & Roll Moments Rolling Stone
50 Worst Songs Village Voice
The Bands That Should 've Made It NME
10 For 10 Edmonton Journal
Best Music Metacritic
110 Favorite Albums Ghostly International
Best Of Indie Latin American Music Club Fonograma
Best Canadian Albums Spinner
Best Songs Tom Shone
Simon Reynolds 's Notes : The Musically Fragmented Decade The Guardian
One - Hit Wonders Billboard
50 Best Albums Paste Magazine
The Top 200 Albums Pitchfork
Top 101 Music Videos Antville
20 Best British Albums Spinner
50 Most Important Recordings All Songs Considered ( NPR )
Best Rock Albums Scaruffi
2000s In Music Wikipedia
25 Best Album Covers Paste Magazine
30 Best Cover Songs Paste Magazine
Best Albums eMusic
Best Of Online Music Lists Largehearted Boy
Story Of The Noughties [ podcasts ] BBC Radio 1
The Decade That Was : 50 Fill - Ins NY Times
End Of A Woeful Decade Chicago Tribune
A Decade In Cartoons The Atlantic
The Best Hoaxes [ video ]
The Awl
Top 10 News Stories CNET
Top Hoaxes MSN UK
A Decade In News Photographs Boston
In Pictures MSNBC
Top News Stories The Global Language Monitor
Decade In Review USA Today
Documenting The Decade NY Times
Windows On The Wars Vanity Fair
A Decade In Poetry Poetry Foundation
Top 10 Heath Trends Diet Blog
Ten Science Stories That Changed Our Decade io9
Most Important Medical Breakthroughs Medical Transcriptionist
Hurricanes Wreaked Weather Havoc In USA USA Today
Species That Got The Shaft Dscriber
Top Green Stories Grist
The Decade In The Environment Good
Ten Science Stories Gizmodo
Top 10 Birds Search and Serendipity
Science in the decade of the human genome The Guardian
Baseball Stars Blinked Before The Unblinking Eye NY Times
Bolt Needed Little Time To Revitalize Track NY Times
Even Retired , Jordan Is Still The One To Beat NY Times
Ranking The Best College Basketball Games ESPN
The Storylines That Shaped College Basketball ESPN
Best Players And Coaches ESPN
Best World Series Team MLB Daily Dish
Sports Hall Of Fame And Shame LA Times
Top MLB Team Around The Horn Baseball
Women 's Sports Has Seen Its Ups And Downs Sports Illustrated
Best European Football Team BBC
Best Quotes BBC
Best of All Sports Sports Illustrated
All - Decade Team : MLB ESPN
All - Decade Team : NBA Sports Illustrated
Best Olympic Athlete NBC Universal
Best Sports Broadcasting Sports Illustrated
Best of : NBA ESPN
Notable Pop Culture Moments Sports Illustrated
Memorable NFL Performances Sports Illustrated
NFL : Highlights And Lowlights Sports Illustrated
10 Biggest NFL Draft Busts Yahoo Sports
Best / Worst Of MLB Yahoo Sports
Best / Worst Of NHL Yahoo Sports
10 Best NFL Players Yahoo Sports
10 Best PGA Players Yahoo Sports
Decades Best : Wimbledon WTA Backspin
Top 10 NASCAR Stories Nascar 4 Nascar
Best In TV Alan Sepinwall
What Made The Golden Age Of TV Glow ?
Chicago Tribune
The Decade Of DVR PVR Blog
10 Best Stand - Alone TV Episodes Pajiba
10 Best TV Shows Pajiba
5 Best UK TV Shows Pajiba
Best Of TV New Jersey Online
When TV Became Art NY Magazine
Top 10 TV series Reuters
2000s In Television Wikipedia
Yesterday 's Vision Of Tomorrow : Cracking Open A Time Capsule From 1999 Fast Company
Apple : Best [-----] of the Decade CNN
Technology That Shaped A Decade Financial Times
Ten Gadgets That Defined The Decade Engadget
Ten Years Of BlackBerry Engadget
15 Reasons The 2000s Were Great For Geeks NY Daily News
Apple 's Most Significant Products Macworld
Ten Years of Tech CrunchGear
The Oh Decade : Culture Of Innovation Remains Robust Long After Dot-Com Bust The Sacramento Bee
Why Apple Was My Company of The Decade Gigaom
10 Devices That Didn't Survive Fast Company
Best Gadgets Fast Company
Biggest Losers in Tech CrunchGear
12 Things That Became Obsolete Huffington Post
The Smartest Products Inc .
50 Worst Gadgets Gizmodo
Top Disappointments Techland
The Best And The Worst Tech O'Reilly
. NET - Did Microsoft Deliver ?
The Register
How Google Became Microsoft The Register
Tech Evolution The Guardian
15 Gadgets That Changed Everything Business Insider
21 Things That Became Obsolete Business Insider
20 Most Innovative Consumer Electronics Products CNET
30 Biggest Tech Flops CNET
Top 10 Tech Deals [ part 1 ] Tristan Louis
Top 20 Tech Deals [ part 2 ] Tristan Louis
Best Of Gadgets Techland
2000s In Science And Technology Wikipedia
Modern Inventions About.com
Technology Of The 2000s Wikipedia
Timeline Of Computing Wikipedia
The Best Console Games CrunchGear
Top 15 Events In Gaming Popular Science
Top 25 Games Game Zone
Top 12 Games Gamesutra
Most Controversial Video Games Techland
Top 10 Best Video Games Techland
Top 50 Videogames Destructoid
50 Best Selling Console Games VG Chartz
Top 100 Video Games Complex.com
Word Of The Decade American Dialect Society
In Review : Words National Post
Noughtyisms : The Best Words The Guardian
The Decade In Words Good
50 Funniest Celebrity Quotes BuzzFeed
Top Words Fritinancy
Top 25 Most Overused Words And Phrases The Frisky
Best One - Liners Buzzfeed
" Imma Let You Finish ... " : A Decade In Quotes NBC Chicago
Top Words & Phrases The Global Language Monitor
For most people , choosing which digital camera to buy can be like exercising :
You know it 's the right thing to do , but the process can be so painful !
I hope that the following summary and in - depth article will help improve your understanding of the technical terms and jargon associated with digital cameras .
My goal is to help you understand the most important criteria so that you can find the right digital camera for you .
No digital camera is perfect for everyone , but considering the variety of choices available today , you should be able to find a digital camera that 's close to perfect for you -- and you should be extremely happy with your choice .
If you want a digital camera that 's easy to use , one you can put in your purse or pocket , a digital camera to quickly take pictures of friends and family , then you want a point - and - shoot digital camera -- or what may be more commonly called compact or ultra-compact digital cameras .
In the Photobird Digital Camera Buyer 's Guide , they are referred to as compact and tiny digital cameras , respectively .
Luckily , most of the point - and - shoot digital cameras are in the $ 200 - $ 400 range .
You should be able to get a digital camera that takes excellent photos at that price -- photos that are at least as good as consumer film - based cameras .
Checking the actual , real - life size of the digital camera you are interested in and even " test driving " the digital camera in person is extremely important .
Be sure to visit a physical store that sells the digital cameras you are interested in , or , if you like your friend 's digital camera , ask to borrow it for a while to see if it fits you .
Finding an easy - to - use digital camera is important because you wo n't use it if it 's too hard to take pictures .
For the most part , point - and - shoot digital cameras are easy to use : Turn it on , and start clicking the shutter button to take pictures .
You do n't want to spend a lot of time looking for accessories for your digital camera , or trying to find help to answer a question or resolve a problem with your digital camera .
Therefore , it 's a good idea to purchase a digital camera that is relatively popular .
Of course , be sure to get the features you want and need .
This area is where digital cameras offer the most differences between manufacturers and even different models by the same manufacturer .
You wo n't be able to find a digital camera with every feature you want , however , so you 'll need to prioritize your needs and make some trade - offs .
Regardless of the digital camera you get , you need to make sure you have enough battery power at all times .
It 's always best to have fully - charged , extra batteries with you in case you need them .
You do n't want to miss any shots .
If you 're buying a new digital camera , it really does n't matter which memory card type your digital camera uses .
Focus more on which digital camera features you want , as listed above in item # 6 .
Keep in mind though that the various memory cards are not interchangeable .
For example , you cannot use a Sony Memory Stick in a digital camera that uses CompactFlash , and you cannot use Compact Flash cards in a Secure Digital device .
The number of megapixels your digital camera has does n't necessarily mean that you will get better pictures .
When using the highest resolution settings on a 3 - megapixel digital camera , you will get very good prints at the smallest print sizes all the way up to 8 " x10 " , and sometimes larger .
The photos on the left were taken with a 3 - megapixel digital camera and were printed at 11 " x14 " by an online photo print service .
When printed at their highest resolution , most people can't tell if the photos were taken with a digital camera or a film camera .
Picture quality is last on the list because it's one of the few things you need to worry about when purchasing a point - and - shoot digital camera .
Most , if not all , of the digital cameras available today meet a minimum level of picture quality that is suitable for the average consumer .
