An American woman who documented her abortion live on the internet says she stands by her decision despite being threatened and labelled a " whore " .
Angie Jackson , a former cult member and mother of a four - year - old boy with special needs , said in a five - minute video posted on YouTube that she was trying to " demystify " the abortion process so other women would understand it was not a shameful secret .
Controversial ... Angie Jackson .
Jackson , who goes by the name Angie the Anti-Theist on the internet , documented her abortion on micro-blogging site Twitter after taking the abortion drug RU - 486 while she was four weeks pregnant .
" I 'm doing this so that other women know , ' hey ' , it 's not nearly as terrifying as I had myself worked up thinking it was , " the 27 - year - old said in the video , which has been viewed almost 79,000 times .
Australian Sergeant Leonard Siffleet was part of a special forces reconnaissance unit in New Guinea , then occupied by Japanese Imperial forces .
He and two Ambonese companions were captured by partisan tribesmen and handed over to the Japanese .
All three men were interrogated , tortured and confined for approximately two weeks before being taken down to Aitape Beach on the afternoon of 24 October 1943 .
Bound and blindfolded , surrounded by Japanese and native onlookers , they were forced to the ground and executed by beheading , on the orders of Vice - Admiral Michiaki Kamada .
The officer who executed Siffleet detailed a private to photograph him in the act .
The photograph of Siffleet ’s execution was discovered on the body of a dead Japanese soldier by American troops in April 1944 .
As a part of a propaganda effort , it was published in many newspapers and in Life magazine but was thought to depict Flight Lieutenant Bill Newton , VC , who had been captured in Salamaua , Papua New Guinea , and beheaded on 29 March 1943 .
The photo became an enduring image of the war .
( Siffleet ’s executioner , Yasuno Chikao , has been variously reported as having died before the end of the war , and as having been captured and sentenced to be hanged , with his sentence subsequently commuted to 10 years imprisonment .
In Europe , the mortality rate of the Allied prisoners of Germans was 1.1 % , while it was 37 % for the Allied prisoners of Japanese ) .
I was having lunch with a mate yesterday and watched them get out their N97 to send a text message .
Noticing the crappy transitions on the screen , I suddenly remembered the N97 promotion video from last year which basically makes the phone look god - like .
The real life story is somewhat different , I was actually going to put together a video myself then I found someone had beaten me to it .
It speaks for itself – watch this :
When the N97 was announced I actually worked at Nokia , and what ’s interesting is that no one I spoke to internally believed it could do what was shown in that promo video .
We all knew it would be some clunky Symbian interface with the trademark N - Series feature of completely slowing down after a few months of usage .
We were n’t disappointed .
It ’s dangerous to mess around with consumers like that , especially when Apple and Google have raised the bar in all areas of mobile .
Nokia ca n’t retain smart phone customers when they are struggling to imitate competitors , let alone set new standards .
Yesterday , Muir Russell , the former Vice - Chancellor of the University of Glasgow , who was appointed to head up th investigation into the Unversity of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit which is at the center of the Climategate email affair , announced his six member panel .
One member , Philip Campbell , editor of the science journal Nature , has already stepped down due to questions about his impartiality .
According to report by U.K.'s Channel 4 News , Campbell apparently told Chinese State Radio in December :
The scientists have not hidden the data .
If you look at the e-mails there are one or two bits of language that are jargon used between professionals that suggest something to outsiders that is wrong .
In fact , the only problem there has been is on some official restrictions on their ability to disseminate data .
Otherwise they have behaved as researchers should .
The impartiality of another member , Geoffrey Boulton , a distinguished glaciologist who is a member of the Prime Minister 's Council for Science and Technology , is also being questioned .
Among other things , Boulton signed a statement in December from the U.K. 's Met Office which declared :
We , members of the UK science community , have the utmost confidence in the observational evidence for global warming and the scientific basis for concluding that it is due primarily to human activities .
The evidence and the science are deep and extensive .
They come from decades of painstaking and meticulous research , by many thousands of scientists across the world who adhere to the highest levels of professional integrity .
That research has been subject to peer review and publication , providing traceability of the evidence and support for the scientific method .
The science of climate change draws on fundamental research from an increasing number of disciplines , many of which are represented here .
As professional scientists , from students to senior professors , we uphold the findings of the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report , which concludes that ' Warming of the climate system is unequivocal ' and that ' Most of the observed increase in global average temperatures since the mid-20th century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gas concentrations ' .
Oddly , Boulton 's bio at the independent commission website fails to mention that he was employed for 18 years at the University of East Anglia 's School of Environmental Sciences .
The UEA 's School of Environmental Sciences houses the CRU .
In any case , Boulton might argue that his views on the certainty of man-made climate change are irrelevant and that he is capable of dispassionately evaluating the scientific failings ( if any ) of the CRU .
Another panel member is David Eyton , the Group Head of Research and Technology at the oil and gas company BP .
BP has been actively funding climate change research at major universities around the world for many years .
Such support is to be commended since climate information , such as projected changes in Arctic Sea ice , would be valuable in devising BP 's future resource exploration plans .
However in the context of his membership on the independent panel , it is perhaps noteworthy that Eyton made the following statement of company policy when announcing a $ 20 million grant to Princeton University in 2008 :
" The challenge of climate change requires policy development at all levels : global , national and local .
Our work with Princeton is an example of BP 's commitment to collaborative research , and has already provided a vital contribution to the pace of policy development .
We trust that governments will be successful in reaching a consensus for significant action , and we are working to inform their actions based on our experience of low - carbon technologies and businesses . "
With regard to the panel 's membership , climate change skeptic Nigel Lawson , former Chancellor of the Exchequer under Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and who now heads up the Global Warming Policy Foundation in Britain , issued this statement :
As the first person to call for an independent inquiry into ' climategate ' , I regret that what has been announced today is defective in a number of ways .
The inquiry will wholly lack transparency , with the hearings held in private , and no transcripts to be published .
The terms of reference , while better than nothing , are inadequate in a number of ways , not least the failure to include the question of the efforts made by CRU scientists to prevent the publication of papers by dissenting scientists and others , contrary to the canons of scientific integrity .
And the objectivity and independence of the inquiry is seriously called into question by the composition of Sir Muir Russell 's team , in particular the Editor in Chief of Nature , who has already published an editorial on the matter strongly supportive of the CRU scientists and accusing their critics of being ' paranoid '
We will , of course , suspend final judgment until we see the report of the inquiry .
Indeed , we should all suspend judgment until the independent commission 's report is issued sometime this spring , but this beginning is somewhat less than promising .
Not to be " paranoid " or anything .
This weekend marked a major milestone for the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner – the flight - test aircraft was cleared to fly throughout its performance range for the first time .
It is a critical step for Boeing in the company 's effort to receive Type Inspection Authorization from the Federal Aviation Administration for the long - awaited new composite airliner .
Wired.com was in Boeing 's telemetry room on Friday during the final flutter - test flight as teams of engineers diligently worked with test pilots Mike Carriker and Regis Hancock aboard 787 ZA001 .
As the test pilots executed test after test after test , the engineers on the ground quietly studied computer monitors and , yes , paper strip charts to ensure oscillations introduced to the flight controls were effectively damped and the composite aircraft was ready to fly safely throughout its flight envelope .
Flutter testing is critical to any aircraft development program .
The tests ensure that small oscillations that may develop at the natural frequency of the flight surfaces and flight controls do not increase to a point where they can be destructive or cause structural failure .
Engineers design an aircraft so that these oscillations are damped without external input from the pilot .
There are numerous examples of flutter causing problems throughout the history of aviation , including some crashes .
But with the modern , thorough flight testing implemented today , the problem is extremely rare in airliners .
Boeing vice president Randy Tinseth said on his blog Friday , " The technical team has made an initial assessment of the data and we could n't be more pleased with the performance of the 787 .
The damping was as predicted and the pilots report that the airplane responded as expected . "
ZA001 departed Boeing Field , just south of downtown Seattle , at 10:15 on Friday morning .
After watching the now iconic arcuate flexed wings of the 787 disappear into the distance , we watched much of the final flutter - test flight from inside Boeing 's telemetry room located just east of the runway .
The telemetry room ( everyone in the flight - test group calls it the " TM room " ) is a room without windows .
Despite this shortcoming , it has the best view anywhere for watching the Boeing flight - test program – except for perhaps the cockpit , though there is a lot more information available on the ground .
" Confirm that we 're at 921 Echo . "
The voice from ZA001 is calm and assured as it comes in over the headsets in the TM room .
The voice from the cockpit along with those of the engineers on the ground would soon become as regular as the reminder not to leave your bags unattended at the airport .
" Good config " says an engineer carefully monitoring his screen and communicating with flight test director Scott Peterson who is sitting close by .
" Good config for 921 Echo , start sweep " relays Peterson who is the only one in regular direct communication with the cockpit .
Carriker and Hancock are currently flying eastbound at just over 15,000 feet in the vicinity of Wilbur , Washington , 150 miles east of Seattle .
They will fly a series of long , east - west laps across northern Washington for more than three hours .
" Start sweep , 3 - 2 - 1 start . "
Flight test director Scott Peterson sits on the far right in the blue shirt
With this , the pilots begin one of many test conditions being performed from a test plan that is several pages thick and sitting in front of every engineer in the room .
" Good start " confirms the engineer .
The TM room is used by Boeing primarily during the early stages of flight test for a new aircraft .
The aircraft itself is equipped with numerous instruments and recording devices , but during initial air - worthiness testing , which was completed in January , as well as flutter testing , only the pilots are on board the aircraft .
So , in order to monitor the tests , the information from the numerous sensors , accelerometers and other devices must be sent down to the engineers on the ground .
This is accomplished through a direct line of sight to the TM van , which looks like a cross between a TV satellite truck and a motor home .
The TM van was parked in central Washington near Moses Lake during Friday 's flight .
From there it can maintain contact with the airplane for most of the flight track , only losing contact briefly during a few of the turns at either end of the track .
Walking into the TM room Friday , it was clear what the primary business has been for the past several weeks .
A simple sign on the door seemed almost unnecessary for a company eager to deliver its latest airliner to customers .
" Room Reserved , ZA001 Flutter Testing , February 13 - March 20 , 2010 . "
The team finished a day early .
One of many vintage Astro - Med strip chart printers
In fact the sign is necessary because the 787 is n't the only new airplane the Boeing flight test team is working with right now .
The new 747 - 8 is also undergoing flight test and needs the use of a TM room , as well .
To avoid those classic office squabbles over who gets to use the fancy equipment , Boeing installed a second TM room just down the hall .
They even managed to find enough of the Astro - Med strip chart printers to fully equip the room , even though the somewhat antiquated devices have been out of production for years .
" We 're old school for some of this " says Byron Billingsley .
For more than 30 years , Billingsley has been working in the flight - test group at Boeing .
He says the strip charts give them the opportunity to quickly read the history of various parameters in a way you cannot get on a computer screen .
During Friday 's flight , engineers were constantly reaching over and tapping the paper as it came off the Astro - Med machines to help the several feet of paper properly fold on the desk .
" Okay folks , he 's rolling out of the turn , so get ready " Scott Peterson says preparing the TM room for the next test .
ZA001 is at the east end of its track near Spokane .
It 's made the turn back to the west and Carriker and Hancock are about to start the next condition on the test card .
" And your configuration is confirmed , start pulse . "
" Start pulse , 3 - 2 - 1 start " comes the reply from the cockpit .
" Complete . "
" Arm / disarm . "
" Flight controls , good pulse . "
" Flutter good damping , clear to the next condition . "
And repeat .
Billingsley points to a table in the middle of the room , " those are all structural dynamics people . "
The group is sitting beneath a pair of widescreen TVs with graphs of diminishing oscillations scrolling by .
" They 're looking at time history for a number of parameters as well as frequency domain " Billingsley says .
The engineers at the table are carefully monitoring the data as it flows in at a rate of 15 megabits per second .
They calculate damping coefficients making sure they are ready for the next condition .
Everybody in the room has a function :
There are people validating the airspeed / altitude and performance .
Others check that the airplane is configured properly to make sure they get the correct data .
During Friday 's test everybody in the room monitors tasks specific to flutter tests .
During other testing , propulsion for instance , the group would be different .
The TM room is a very quiet and reserved place .
There is n't a sense of excitement or danger .
In fact , though it can be fascinating to see all the data flowing in and listen in on the conversation with the cockpit , it could be seen as dull by all but the aviation faithful .
" Our intent is to make it boring , " Billingsley says with a certain amount of pride .
" It 's not quite our motto " he adds , " but we get paid to watch paint dry a lot of the time .
Sometimes literally . "
" And Boeing 001 , good pulse , clear to configure for tango ... "
We 'll have more from about the TM room tomorrow , including how test pilots view the extra eyes , ears and brains on the ground .
We 'll also take a closer look at flutter testing , how it 's done , and a look at what can happen when flutter becomes a four letter word .
*
Photos : Jason Paur/ Wired.com *
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Fergus Walsh
Medical correspondent , BBC News
An ultrasound scanner the size of a large mobile phone has been launched in Europe and North America .
The Vscan can be used to image the heart and other organs .
Developer GE
Healthcare says the portable device , priced at about £ 5,000 in the UK , is not designed to replace existing machines .
But it may offer rapid early diagnosis to triage patients in hospitals and the community who would then be referred for more specialist examination .
' Not sci - fi '
It looks like a cross between a flip - top phone and the medical scanner used by Dr McCoy in the TV series Star Trek .
The Vscan is not science fiction but a hand - held ultrasound machine with a scanning wand attached , which has been approved for use in Europe and North America .
The device is being used in the cardiac investigation unit at St George 's Hospital in south London .
The moving colour images show blood flow around the heart and by switching to black and white you can see heart valves opening and closing .
' Military use ' George Sutherland , professor of cardiac imaging at St George 's , believes hand - held scanners will one day be standard issue for doctors on ward rounds .
He said : " In terms of clinical practice it 's a huge step forward .
It also has the possibility to be used in many clinical settings such as primary care , intensive care and casualty
Julie Walton , British Medical Ultrasound Society
" Here we are giving people essentially an electronic stethoscope in their pocket that images and looks at all parts of the body .
" With adequate training this should mean we can diagnose rapidly and treat accordingly .
It should be an amazing development . "
The portability of the device means it is likely to have use outside hospital - allowing scanning to be done wherever it is needed , in the home or perhaps for the military - on the battlefield .
Julie Walton , president of the British Medical Ultrasound Society , said it could eventually be used by paramedics on ambulances .
She said : " This type of system is designed for point - of - care ultrasound , where we take ultrasound to the patient rather then bringing the patient to ultrasound .
" It also has the possibility to be used in many clinical settings such as primary care , intensive care and casualty " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gray Matter : Batteries Out of Thin Air
A little oxygen is all a zinc - air battery needs to become a powerhouse
BAGHDAD , March 31 ( Reuters ) - Former Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on Wednesday he would honour deals signed with global oil majors in recent months and would move quickly to pass a new hydrocarbons law if his bloc forms the government .
But Allawi , whose cross-sectarian Iraqiya bloc won the greatest number of seats in Iraq ’s March 7 parliamentary election , said the deals might need some minor adjustments and he wanted to see more competition in Iraq ’s energy sector .
“ We are going to honour all contracts .
We are going to honour all agreements because we believe this is very important , ” Allawi told Reuters in an interview .
Iraq awarded contracts to oil majors to refurbish its dilapidated oil fields after years of neglect and war with the goal of expanding production capacity to 12 million barrels per day ( bpd ) in about six years from about 2.5 mln bpd now .
The contracts could catapult Iraq into the top ranks of global producers .
Companies involved in the deals include U.S. giant Exxon Mobil XOM.N ; Royal Dutch Shell RDSa.L , Europe 's largest oil company ; Russia 's Lukoil LKOH .MM ; China 's CNPC .
Allawi said he would move quickly to put a long - delayed hydrocarbons law before parliament to govern the industry .
“ It will definitely be a priority , ” Allawi said .
“ It wo n’t take us long . ”
Note to readers and viewers : The Anderson Cooper 360 series " Scientology : A History of Violence , " which reported competing claims and denials about violence at the top of the Church of Scientology has attracted a number of complaints from senior members of the Church of Scientology ( including Mr. Miscavige ) and the Church of Scientology itself .
The series is now the subject of a letter of legal complaint in the United Kingdom .
The complainants strongly dispute the allegations and the assertions made against them and covered in the course of the series by former members of the Church of Scientology .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Marty Rathbun used to beat people .
He admits it .
But he says he was pressured to do it by his boss .
Rathbun was once a senior official of the Church of Scientology , reporting directly to church leader David Miscavige .
He says that Scientology 's leadership fostered a culture of violence among its top ranks and that Miscavige " constantly pushed me to get physical with people " during his time among its top ranks .
" And I 've got to tell you , I 've admitted to some , to doing a few of those , " Rathbun said .
" But not like he did . "
Rathbun broke with Scientology in 2004 after 27 years .
Other former members support his accusation , telling stories about Miscavige kicking , punching and choking members of the Sea Organization , a religious order that is the church 's international leadership team .
The church emphatically denies Miscavige abused anyone or encouraged anyone else to assault subordinates .
The only abusers , it says , were two of today 's accusers .
Meanwhile , in dozens of affidavits , e-mails and interviews , church supporters -- including members of its leadership and the former wives of some of the accusers -- are defending Miscavige and attacking the credibility of those who have spoken out .
Church spokesman Tommy Davis said it was Rathbun 's physical abuse of other church officials that led to him being removed from his job .
Scientology under scrutiny
" The thing Mr. Miscavige is known for , and has been from the very beginning , is he cleans house , " Davis said .
" He is someone who makes sure that people who do things that should n't be done , they 're removed . "
Miscavige has led Scientology since the 1986 death of its founder , science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard .
Through a church spokesman , Miscavige declined to be interviewed for this report .
There is no physical evidence to support the accusations against him , just as church affidavits attacking the accusers and supporting Miscavige cannot be independently verified .
But what both sides appear to agree on is that at least for a time , there were periodic beatings within Scientology 's upper management .
While they disagree on who was responsible for it , both sides say top officials used physical abuse as a means of discipline and intimidation .
During that period , no one called police .
Rathbun is the highest - ranking member of the Church of Scientology to speak against Miscavige .
He was Scientology 's " inspector - general " and part of the Sea Organization .
Members live behind the guarded walls of Scientology 's 500 - acre international headquarters outside Los Angeles , provided with room and board and a $ 50 - a - week paycheck .
They sometimes wear naval - style uniforms , and their billion - year contracts with the church are a pledge not only for this lifetime , but for many others they believe are still to come .
But during that time , Rathbun and others said Miscavige -- Rathbun 's immediate superior -- frequently assaulted subordinates .
He said Mike Rinder , the church 's spokesman until 2007 , bore the brunt of the attacks .
In a 2000 meeting , he said Miscavige pinned Rinder against a table " and was whacking him upside the head , " then began choking him and eventually threw him to the ground by his neck .
" He had marks on his neck for a week , " Rathbun said .
He 's not the only one to describe Rinder being badly beaten .
Amy Scobee , who helped run Scientology 's Celebrity Center in Los Angeles , said she saw Miscavige choke Rinder during a meeting before she left the church in 2005 .
" He grabs Mike around the neck , swings him around in one of the office chairs that swings around and is choking him , holding his neck , and Mike 's just , like , grabbing the side of his chair , struggling , like , not knowing what was going on , " Scobee said .
" His face is turning red , and the veins are popping in his neck , and I 'm going , ' What the hell is going on ? ' "
In 2007 , the BBC asked Rinder about allegations that Miscavige had beaten him .
He denied the reports , calling them " absolute rubbish . "
He left the church soon afterward and now corroborates Rathbun 's account , telling CNN that Miscavige physically assaulted him about 50 times .
He says he , too , got physical with subordinates .
Jeff Hawkins , a marketing manager for the church , said Miscavige attacked him several times , including once during a marketing meeting .
" He jumped up on the conference room table , like with his feet right on the conference room table , launched himself across the table at me -- I was standing -- battered my face and then shoved me down to the floor , " Hawkins said .
Hawkins spent 35 years as a Scientologist before leaving the church in 2005 .
Tom DeVocht , a construction manager for the church , left the same year , because , he says , he could no longer accept Miscavige 's violence .
" David asked me a question , and I could n't tell you what the question is .
Do n't remember , " DeVocht said .
But , he added , " The next thing I knew , I have been smacked in the face and knocked down on the ground ... in front of all these people .
This is the pope knocking me to the ground . "
In addition to leaving Scientology , Rinder , DeVocht , Hawkins and Rathbun are now divorced .
Their former wives , who remain high - ranking members of the Sea Organization , are joining Scientology leaders in painting them as " bitter " former employees who are now colluding against the church .
All four spoke to CNN in a joint interview Monday , along with other church officials .
Rinder 's ex-wife , Catherine Bernardini , said the only time she saw any sign that her husband had been beaten was when he was attacked " totally out of the blue " by Rathbun .
" I know every square inch of Mike Rinder 's body , " she said .
" I know everything that 's ever happened to him , every accident , every time he broke his wrist .
I 've been with him , we 've been together all our lives -- it 's utterly ridiculous , and it is n't true . "
Rathbun 's ex-wife , Anne Joasem , calls him " a liar " and " totally psychotic . "
" He 's alleging that when he left in 2004 , it was because he witnessed Mr. Miscavige beating somebody up or whatever .
Right after he left , I 'm the first person he called .
He called me right away .
And it never came up , " she said .
DeVocht 's ex-wife , Jennifer Linson , said she " never saw one scratch " on her husband .
" I never saw one bruise , I never saw one black eye -- nothing , " Linson said .
" Nor did he complain about anything personally .
And he would 've told me , because any , anything that would happen , I would know about .
And besides that , that 's not the character of Mr. David Miscavige . "
Hawkins ' ex-wife , Catherine Fraser , said he " never mentioned one thing " about any abuse .
" To the contrary , he mentioned to me how much Mr. David Miscavige supported him , how much he believed in him , " Fraser said .
Davis , who replaced Rinder as Scientology 's spokesman , said that Rathbun was to blame for the beatings and that Miscavige stripped him of his authority as he learned of the problem in 2001 .
Scientology officials say they tried to offer Rathbun counseling , but he refused their efforts and left the church three years later .
After that , Davis said , Rathbun and other ex-members " ganged up " to take on their old religion .
The church says DeVocht was violent and wasted millions of church dollars during his time in the Sea Organization .
It accuses Rinder of physically attacking his subordinates and says Hawkins has attended rallies with an anti-Scientology movement called Anonymous .
" These are individuals who have proven not only that they would lie , but that they will get other people to lie , " Davis said .
" It 's not much of a stretch for them to all get together , corroborate their stories , find some other people who have left years ago to try and corroborate it even more , and then come to news media and attack the very person who removed them . "
But Hawkins said that was " absolutely not true . "
" David Miscavige was the one leading this whole physical violence kick , and it was him who was beating people up , " he said .
Rathbun calls the accusations against him " outright lies . "
" I did n't come in here saying I was Little Lord Fauntleroy and never did anything wrong , " he said .
" I said I 'm no angel .
I 'm going to tell you I was involved in this .
But for God 's sake , to make it sound like I perpetrated the whole thing is just a complete and utter fabrication . "
Rathbun said he never raised the issue with anyone besides his wife because of the power Miscavige wields , including excommunication .
Hawkins said church members are " not going to say anything " critical of the chairman , and he would have lied to the police himself while he remained a member .
" It 's like the battered wife , " he said .
" The police show up and say , ' Why are you all bruised ? '
And she says , ' I just fell down the stairs . '
She defends the husband . "
But the church 's defense raises a question of who knew what , when and what was done to stop the abuses -- which its leaders say is a matter Miscavige handled personally , and internally .
One day on the streets of Alexandria , Egypt , in the year 415 or 416 , a mob of Christian zealots led by Peter the Lector accosted a woman ’s carriage and dragged her from it and into a church , where they stripped her and beat her to death with roofing tiles .
They then tore her body apart and burned it .
Who was this woman and what was her crime ?
Hypatia was one of the last great thinkers of ancient Alexandria and one of the first women to study and teach mathematics , astronomy and philosophy .
Though she is remembered more for her violent death , her dramatic life is a fascinating lens through which we may view the plight of science in an era of religious and sectarian conflict .
Related Content The Witch of Agnesi
Founded by Alexander the Great in 331 B.C. , the city of Alexandria quickly grew into a center of culture and learning for the ancient world .
At its heart was the museum , a type of university , whose collection of more than a half - million scrolls was housed in the library of Alexandria .
Alexandria underwent a slow decline beginning in 48 B.C. , when Julius Caesar conquered the city for Rome and accidentally burned down the library .
( It was then rebuilt . )
By 364 , when the Roman Empire split and Alexandria became part of the eastern half , the city was beset by fighting among Christians , Jews and pagans .
Further civil wars destroyed much of the library ’s contents .
The last remnants likely disappeared , along with the museum , in 391 , when the archbishop Theophilus acted on orders from the Roman emperor to destroy all pagan temples .
Theophilus tore down the temple of Serapis , which may have housed the last scrolls , and built a church on the site .
The last known member of the museum was the mathematician and astronomer Theon — Hypatia ’s father .
Some of Theon ’s writing has survived .
His commentary ( a copy of a classical work that incorporates explanatory notes ) on Euclid ’s Elements was the only known version of that cardinal work on geometry until the 19th century .
But little is known about his and Hypatia ’s family life .
Even Hypatia ’s date of birth is contested — scholars long held that she was born in 370 but modern historians believe 350 to be more likely .
The identity of her mother is a complete mystery , and Hypatia may have had a brother , Epiphanius , though he may have been only Theon ’s favorite pupil .
Theon taught mathematics and astronomy to his daughter , and she collaborated on some of his commentaries .
It is thought that Book III of Theon ’s version of Ptolemy ’s Almagest — the treatise that established the Earth - centric model for the universe that would n’t be overturned until the time of Copernicus and Galileo — was actually the work of Hypatia .
She was a mathematician and astronomer in her own right , writing commentaries of her own and teaching a succession of students from her home .
Letters from one of these students , Synesius , indicate that these lessons included how to design an astrolabe , a kind of portable astronomical calculator that would be used until the 19th century .
Beyond her father ’s areas of expertise , Hypatia established herself as a philosopher in what is now known as the Neoplatonic school , a belief system in which everything emanates from the One .
( Her student Synesius would become a bishop in the Christian church and incorporate Neoplatonic principles into the doctrine of the Trinity . )
Her public lectures were popular and drew crowds .
“ Donning [ the robe of a scholar ] , the lady made appearances around the center of the city , expounding in public to those willing to listen on Plato or Aristotle , ” the philosopher Damascius wrote after her death .
Hypatia never married and likely led a celibate life , which possibly was in keeping with Plato ’s ideas on the abolition of the family system .
The Suda lexicon , a 10th - century encyclopedia of the Mediterranean world , describes her as being “ exceedingly beautiful and fair of form .
. . in speech articulate and logical , in her actions prudent and public - spirited , and the rest of the city gave her suitable welcome and accorded her special respect . ”
Her admirers included Alexandria ’s governor , Orestes .
Her association with him would eventually lead to her death .
Theophilus , the archbishop who destroyed the last of Alexandria ’s great Library , was succeeded in 412 by his nephew , Cyril , who continued his uncle ’s tradition of hostilities toward other faiths .
( One of his first actions was to close and plunder the churches belonging to the Novatian Christian sect . )
With Cyril the head of the main religious body of the city and Orestes in charge of the civil government , a fight began over who controlled Alexandria .
Orestes was a Christian , but he did not want to cede power to the church .
The struggle for power reached its peak following a massacre of Christians by Jewish extremists , when Cyril led a crowd that expelled all Jews from the city and looted their homes and temples .
Orestes protested to the Roman government in Constantinople .
When Orestes refused Cyril ’s attempts at reconciliation , Cyril ’s monks tried unsuccessfully to assassinate him .
Hypatia , however , was an easier target .
She was a pagan who publicly spoke about a non-Christian philosophy , Neoplatonism , and she was less likely to be protected by guards than the now - prepared Orestes .
A rumor spread that she was preventing Orestes and Cyril from settling their differences .
From there , Peter the Lector and his mob took action and Hypatia met her tragic end .
Cyril ’s role in Hypatia ’s death has never been clear .
“ Those whose affiliations lead them to venerate his memory exonerate him ; anticlericals and their ilk delight in condemning the man , ” Michael Deakin wrote in his 2007 book Hypatia of Alexandria .
Meanwhile , Hypatia has become a symbol for feminists , a martyr to pagans and atheists and a character in fiction .
Voltaire used her to condemn the church and religion .
The English clergyman Charles Kingsley made her the subject of a mid-Victorian romance .
And she is the heroine , played by Rachel Weisz , in the Spanish movie Agora , which will be released later this year in the United States .
The film tells the fictional story of Hypatia as she struggles to save the library from Christian zealots .
Neither paganism nor scholarship died in Alexandria with Hypatia , but they certainly took a blow .
“ Almost alone , virtually the last academic , she stood for intellectual values , for rigorous mathematics , ascetic Neoplatonism , the crucial role of the mind , and the voice of temperance and moderation in civic life , ” Deakin wrote .
She may have been a victim of religious fanaticism , but Hypatia remains an inspiration even in modern times .
Obama continues to assail Supreme Court decision
By Michael A. Fletcher
President Obama continued to assail the Supreme Court decision striking down limits on corporate spending in political campaigns , saying Saturday that the ruling " strikes at our democracy itself . "
Speaking in his weekly address , Obama said the ruling this week " handed a huge victory to the special interests and their lobbyists - and a powerful blow to our efforts to rein in corporate influence . "
Though experts agree Democrats have few options , Obama said he has directed members of his administration to work with a bipartisan group of legislators to craft a law setting new limits that meet Constitutional muster .
" We have begun that work , and it will be a priority for us until we repair the damage that has been done , " he said .
Without new legislation , he said , Obama said corporations and other special interests would have undue power in Washington .
" This ruling opens the floodgates for an unlimited amount of special interest money into our democracy , " he said .
" It gives the special interest lobbyists new leverage to spend millions on advertising to persuade elected officials to vote their way - or to punish those who do n't ...
I can't think of anything more devastating to the public interest . "
The court 's 5 to 4 decision concluded that corporations have the same First Amendment rights as individuals and , therefore , can spend as much company money as they wish to oppose or support individual political candidates .
Invoking former President Teddy Roosevelt , who fought against undue corporate influence on government , Obama promised to stand up for the interests of ordinary Americans .
" As long as I 'm your President , I 'll never stop fighting to make sure that the most powerful voice in Washington belongs to you , " he said .
I think this trucker needs a new pair of glasses ..
We first raised doubts about the financial motivations and character of Jim Sikes , the runaway Prius driver , last week .
Now there 's evidence , in a draft memorandum obtained by Jalopnik from sources familiar with the investigation , that Sikes perpetrated a hoax .
Advertisement
According to the memo ( first referenced by the AP , but below , exclusively in its entirety ) , prepared for members of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives , a thorough investigation of the Prius in question revealed that , while the brake pads on the car were worn down , technicians from both Toyota and NHTSA were unable to duplicate the unintended acceleration Sikes claims .
Advertisement
Although unable to duplicate the unintended acceleration , investigators were , however , able to test the brake override system installed on the Prius on both the Sikes car and a test vehicle of the same year .
The memo states :
Every time the technician placed the gas pedal to the floor and the brake pedal to the floor the engine shut off and the car immediately started to slow down .
NHTSA and Toyota field representatives reported the same results with the 2008 Prius owned by Mr. Sikes .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Further , a representative of Toyota present at the investigation stated the design of the Prius is such that applying maximum negative force ( via the brakes ) and positive force ( via acceleration ) would have such an impact on a car the engine would seize up , which did n't happen :
According to Mr. David Justo , Toyota Motor Sales
HQ , I was informed that he is Toyota 's residential Hybrid expert , he stats " that if MG2 ( gas pedal is to the floor , creating positive force ) and the driver puts the brake MG1 ( creating negative force ) then the engine would shut down .
If the engine does not shut down then the gears would be spinning pat their maximum revolutions per minute and completely seize the engine .
So , in this case , knowing that we are able to push the car around the shop , it does not appear to be feasibly possible , both electronically and mechanically that his gas pedal was stuck to the floor and he was slamming on the brake at the same time " .
Advertisement
" These findings certainly raise new questions surrounding the veracity of the sequence of events that has been reported by Mr. Sikes , " said Kurt Bardella , a spokesman for Darrell Issa ( R - CA ) , the ranking Republican on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform who was present at the investigation .
More damning than even this memo is a story yesterday from The Wall Street Journal citing three people familiar with the investigation claiming they discovered a pattern of brake wear on the car inconsistent with the account from Mr. Sikes .
That 's a much more telling data point than even that found in this memo , and if correct , further bolsters any claims against Mr. Sikes ' story .
We 've yet to see the full reports from Toyota or NHTSA , though we 're certain both are forthcoming .
Advertisement
Still trust Sikes ?
Let 's look at a well - known meta - theoretical principle known as " Occam 's " Razor .
The theory , attributed to 14th Century English theologian and Franciscan friar , William of Ockham , states that " entities must not be multiplied beyond necessity . "
i.e. , that the simplest solution is usually the correct one .
Given this memo indicates Toyota was not to blame in this very public case of unintended acceleration , the choices available to us are that Toyota has ghosts in the machine that can't be rooted out ( highly improbable ) , the seemingly competent Jim Sikes was n't willing to obey simple commands like " put the car into neutral " out of unstated - at - the - time fears the " car would flip " ( highly improbable ) , or that this was a hoax perpetrated by a financially strapped Mr. Sikes ( probable ) .
What would Friar Ockham say ?
[ SC2B ] Team Liquid SC2 Invitational # 1
Text by riptide
16 top European players .
One day of straight gaming .
No loser bracket , no second chances .
If you 've been around the Starcraft community for long enough , you remember
In the past month , we 've seen our share of beta tournaments .
Some of us have even played in them .
Now , we 're carrying the mantle , just like we 've done all these years .
This first SC2 Invitational is our attempt at putting today 's best players out there for people to see .
We strongly believe that the timing , the participants and the prize pool is just right and that we will get to see some truly fantastic games next Saturday .
Now , on to the players .
First off , our very own Victor " Liquid`Nazgul " Goossens and SC2 Forum moderator Jonathan " Frozen Arbiter ( Jinro ) " Walsh will be sharpening their jousting gear .
Nazgul , a # 1 in division Platinum player for much of the beta , also recently came runner up in the first ESL Invitational tournament .
Jinro on the other hand , apart from being # 4 in all of Europe for quite some time also made it to the semi-finals of Zotac # 4 , and is certainly one of the Terran 's to look out for on today 's SC2 circuit .
Moving on , we have Joseph " ret " de Kroon , a Zerg who needs no introduction here on TL .
Boasting one of the highest winrates on the EU server , our current Liquibition champion and former progamer with Estro in Korea will be playing once again and we 're pretty excited .
Speaking of excitement , remember Pavel " Brat_OK " Kuznetsov ?
Yeah , course you do , you nerd .
Who could forget his run through the Razer TSL ?
Well , he 's back , and flying the flag for the Dominion as he takes the race into SC2 land .
Will he overcome the swarm and the offspring of Aiur ?
Only time will tell .
While many top foreigners did dive right into the beta , none dived deeper than Ukrainian Protoss Oleksiy " White - Ra " Krupnyk , the player with the most games played on Europe at the moment .
A thoroughly manner , thoroughly brilliant player , you can be sure that he will give us some great games this Saturday .
What 's great about the beta though is that it 's basically drawing two communities together .
While all the players mentioned so far were top Broodwar players in their time , the first TL SC2 Invitational is also proud to include the likes of top Bulgarian WC3 player Zdravko " Insomnia ( Omnisain ) " Georgiev , winner of the first WCG War3 : ROC title in 2003 .
High ranked throughout the SC2 Beta , Insomnia , himself once a Broodwar player , will duke it out this weekend with the beta 's biggest names .
Of course , he wont be alone .
We have other top War3 players joining the fray , including Benjamin " Demuslim " Baker , a Terran who not only has one Zotac win and one runner up title but is also one of the most consistent ladder performers , currently at # 2 on the overall European ladder .
A former member of the legendary War3 team 4 K , he is definitely a must watch during this tournament , and we 're sure he 's going to show us some super games .
Other participants include former Broodwar players Ian " Zion " Gryncewicz and Dario " TheLittleOne " Wünsch who have been at the top of their respective Platinum divisions since the beginning of the beta - the latter being the highest rated random player currently on EU - as well as the WC3 pros ( and high ranking SC2 players ) Dennis " HasuObs " Schneider and Lazar " Nightend " Silviu .
Rounding out the field are Brood War stand - outs - and perennial SC2 high rankers - Stefan " MorroW " Andersson , Eugin " Strelok " Oparyshev , Marius " HoRRoR " Overhageböck , Mattias " Naugrim " Ottoson and Hayder " HayprO " Hussein .
As always , the event will be streamed live , and TL's own Sean " Day [ 9 ] "
Plott will take you through the action as we watch SC2's biggest names lock horns .
Be there , Team Liquid .
One of foreign Starcraft 's oldest tournies is back with a vengeance , and you can be sure it 's gonna be a blast !
Stay tuned for more information including format and brackets .
This post was made by the Team Liquid Starcraft 2 Coverage Team .
For more of TL's coverage , please visit the Team Liquid Starcraft 2 Beta Page .
If you 've been around the Starcraft community for long enough , you remember how the Team Liquid Invitationals began .
Now , over seven years after that first tournament , TL is proud to present the first ever Team Liquid Starcraft 2 Invitational .
In the past month , we 've seen our share of beta tournaments .
Some of us have even played in them .
Now , we 're carrying the mantle , just like we 've done all these years .
This first SC2 Invitational is our attempt at putting today 's best players out there for people to see .
We strongly believe that the timing , the participants and the prize pool is just right and that we will get to see some truly fantastic games next Saturday .
Now , on to the players .
First off , our very ownand SC2 Forum moderatorwill be sharpening their jousting gear .
Nazgul , a # 1 in division Platinum player for much of the beta , also recently came runner up in the first ESL Invitational tournament .
Jinro on the other hand , apart from being # 4 in all of Europe for quite some time also made it to the semi-finals of Zotac # 4 , and is certainly one of the Terran 's to look out for on today 's SC2 circuit .
Moving on , we have , a Zerg who needs no introduction here on TL .
Boasting one of the highest winrates on the EU server , our current Liquibition champion and former progamer with Estro in Korea will be playing once again and we 're pretty excited .
Speaking of excitement , remember ?
Yeah , course you do , you nerd .
Who could forget his run through the Razer TSL ?
Well , he 's back , and flying the flag for the Dominion as he takes the race into SC2 land .
Will he overcome the swarm and the offspring of Aiur ?
Only time will tell .
While many top foreigners did dive right into the beta , none dived deeper than Ukrainian Protoss , the player with the most games played on Europe at the moment .
A thoroughly manner , thoroughly brilliant player , you can be sure that he will give us some great games this Saturday .
What 's great about the beta though is that it 's basically drawing two communities together .
While all the players mentioned so far were top Broodwar players in their time , the first TL SC2 Invitational is also proud to include the likes of top Bulgarian WC3 player , winner of the first WCG War3 : ROC title in 2003 .
High ranked throughout the SC2 Beta , Insomnia , himself once a Broodwar player , will duke it out this weekend with the beta 's biggest names .
Of course , he wont be alone .
We have other top War3 players joining the fray , including , a Terran who not only has one Zotac win and one runner up title but is also one of the most consistent ladder performers , currently at # 2 on the overall European ladder .
A former member of the legendary War3 team 4 K , he is definitely a must watch during this tournament , and we 're sure he 's going to show us some super games .
Other participants include former Broodwar playersandwho have been at the top of their respective Platinum divisions since the beginning of the beta - the latter being the highest rated random player currently on EU - as well as the WC3 pros ( and high ranking SC2 players ) andRounding out the field are Brood War stand - outs - and perennial SC2 high rankers - and As always , the event will be streamed live , and TL's own Sean " Day [ 9 ] "
Plott will take you through the action as we watch SC2's biggest names lock horns .
Be there , Team Liquid .
One of foreign Starcraft 's oldest tournies is back with a vengeance , and you can be sure it 's gonna be a blast !
FAQS
1 . Where is Lucifron ?
Unfortunately Lucifron has a LAN event on the same day and had to decline his invitation .
2 . What about US Events ?
Our next liquibition event will be on the US server .
3 . Where is Orly ?
He was unfortunately unable to attend as well .
1 . Where is Lucifron ?
Unfortunately Lucifron has a LAN event on the same day and had to decline his invitation .
2 . What about US Events ?
Our next liquibition event will be on the US server .
3 .
Where is Orly ?
He was unfortunately unable to attend as well .
Administrator SKT T1 | Masters of the Universe
Unbelievable , magical , miraculous … one can go on using adjectives , but nothing can come close to describing what 3D renders can to .
It can transform your imagination into stunning pictures in a way such that it becomes difficult to distinguish between the real photo and the virtual one .
Applications like 3D Max , Blender , Cellular Imaging , CAD provide powerful instruments for 3D designers and architects .
Today we have hand picked 35 Incredible 3D Renders to showcase the beauty of 3D .
Incredible 3D Renders
CG painting
BMW C1 : Urban Trespasser
Enchantress
BMW ISETTA
Heart
Steampunk Camera
Baby Room
Centaur
Insane High - Resolution Creature Renderings # 2
Ornaments
‘ Naoshima – Cherry Blossom
Davy Jones
Bottle
Simaquarium - tank
Classic Livingroom
CG COVER GIRLS
Evgen
Michel Lanoie
Mickey Mouse ’s Workshop
Unfinished
Watch Visualisation
Reflections
provence
marvelous - cloth
After the Rain
Vladimir Minguillo
Mouse Love
Pain
Breeze of The Past
Self - portrait
Tamas Toth
Deep Sea Fish
Colorfol Smarties
Wolf
Estados Unidos est� diciendo que somos parte del problema , as� que tenemos que ser parte de la soluci�n , afirma en Canad� la secretaria de Estado
Ottawa | Lunes 29 de marzo de 2010
EFE | El Universal
22:15
I 've spent the last day in a funk at the news that my friend , Canadian sf writer Peter Watts was convicted of obstruction for getting out of his car at a US Border crossing and asking what was going on , then not complying fast enough when he was told to get back in the car .
He faces up to two years in jail .
David Nickle , a mutual friend who worked with Peter on his defense , has a very good post on the subject , including a quote from one of the jurors :
The job of the jury was to decide whether Mr. Watts " obstructed / resisted " the custom officials .
Assault was not one of the charges .
What it boiled down to was Mr. Watts did not follow the instructions of the customs agents .
Period .
He was not violent , he was not intimidating , he was not stopping them from searching his car .
He did , however , refuse to follow the commands by his non compliance .
He 's not a bad man by any stretch of the imagination .
The customs agents escalted the situation with sarcasm and miscommunication .
Unfortunately , we were not asked to convict those agents with a crime , although , in my opinion , they did commit offenses against Mr. Watts .
Two wrongs do n't make a right , so we had to follow the instructions as set forth to us by the judge .
That 's apparently the statute : if you do n't comply fast enough with a customs officer , he can beat you , gas you , jail you and then imprison you for two years .
This is n't about safety , it is n't about security , it is n't about the rule of law .
It 's about obedience .
Authoritarianism is a disease of the mind .
It criminalizes the act of asking " why ? "
It is the obedience - sickness that turns good people into perpetrators and victims of atrocities great and small .
I do n't know if Peter will appeal .
I hope he does .
I hope he gets a jury who nullify the statute ( Thanks to all who reminded me that the appellate division has panels of judges , not juries ) .
I hope he brings a civil action against the officials who clearly played fast and loose with the truth ( From David : " Under cross-examination by Mullkoff , the border guards had conceded that Peter had n't assaulted anyone ; had n't threatened to assault anyone ; and that his aggressive stance was nothing any reasonable person would consider aggressive .
The allegations that he had somehow choked border guard Andrew Beaudry while Beaudry was hitting him , were demolished . " ) .
I do n't know if he will .
He may decide to take his chances for a suspended sentence and forswear ever visiting America again , opting to be a writer instead of a professional litigant .
I 'd understand .
But tonight , I 'm understanding that dark place that so many of Peter 's books seem to come from .
I think of myself , fundamentally , as a optimist and a believer that justice can and will prevail .
But in the face of that jury 's decision , in face of the dishonesty of the officials , in the face of the absurdity of the statute , I feel like justice is a joke and hoping for it is a waste of time .
I 'm sorry that the system failed you , Peter .
Guilty
Update : More from Peter
No one can accuse two - time Pulitzer Prize winning editorial cartoonist Michael Ramirez of holding back — or of Investors Business Daily of a lack of courage in publishing him .
His latest take on the Democrats ’ headlong rush to electoral oblivion in the midterms , and perhaps beyond , is dead - on accurate .
Backbenchers are being asked to blow up their political careers in order to save President Obama ’s term in office .
But expect people to strongly object to the imagery and the declaration Ramirez uses :
Provocative ?
Absolutely .
But this is n’t insinuating that Obama is a secret Muslim or that Democrats are terrorists .
It accuses Democrats of putting Obama the man ahead of their own Constitutional obligations , and their own careers .
Perhaps that could also have been depicted as falling on a grenade or committing seppuku , but for this age , the image instantly communicates exactly what the artist intends .
What do you think ?
Ramirez has a terrific collection of his works : Everyone Has the Right to My Opinion , which covers the entire breadth of Ramirez ’ career , and it gives a fascinating look at political history .
Read my review here , and watch my interviews with Ramirez here and here .
And do n’t forget to check out the entire Investors.com site , which has now incorporated all of the former IBD Editorials , while individual investors still exist .
Martin , a mixed - race 15 - year - old south Londoner , had just downed half a bottle of vodka .
The boy was already known for attention - seeking , bad behaviour and aggressively challenging authority figures .
But in his drunken state , with his inhibitions gone , he was n't more threatening .
He was crying – violently sobbing – for his father .
" I want my dad .
It 's not fair .
I 've only spoken to him once on the phone .
Why does he hate me ?
I fucking want to see him now . "
Martin was taking part in a residential summer camp run by my charity , which takes black boys and offers them educational coaching and mentoring .
Martin had smuggled in the alcohol without us realising .
Raised by a single white mother , he had never known his dad .
Higher education minister David Lammy today appealed for black fathers to become more involved with their children .
He is aware , as I am , of the devastating consequences of absent fatherhood within the black community : 59 % of black Caribbean children live in lone - parent households , compared with 22 % of white children .
Another boy at camp could n't get along with the others ; he told me that he loved fighting and displayed an excessive amount of attention - seeking .
The headteachers of each boy 's school – who were also both black – told me that the mothers blamed school for making their sons behave badly .
The heads spoke of a personal dislike shown by the students , which they reported as a wider dislike of black male authority .
When the boys did open up at camp , it was to our female staff whom they felt they could trust .
Psychologists have known for some time that children 's attachment to fathers and mothers derives from different sets of early social experiences .
Specifically , mothers provide security when the child is distressed , whereas fathers provide reassuring play partners .
As part of our orientation we played a simple game called Trust ; I stood behind Martin who had to blindly fall into my arms .
He refused to do it .
Typically , this kind of tough play love would never come from his mother .
Instead of allowing him to fall , she would probably grab him from behind and whisper in his ear : " This game , it 's too dangerous ; I 'll buy you a PlayStation instead . "
A typical father would say : " Come on , son , fall .
I 'm behind and you 'd better not look back . "
We have been running summer camps for five years : boys are taken from their familiar environment and work on high - level science projects at universities .
All the boys have bucked the trend for inner-city African - Caribbeans , scoring an average of nine high - grade GCSEs .
When we set up the programme , we had high aspirations to nurture the next generation of black Britain 's intellectual best .
However , our academic ideals soon became secondary ; many of the boys , once freed from the arms of their single mothers , suddenly had to cope with a world run by adult black males – figures in their lives who were mostly absent , unreliable , despised by their mothers , and usually unsuccessful .
These boys kicked up against us .
It was like we were their dads who had walked out of their lives , and suddenly we demanded their respect .
More than racism , I now firmly believe that the main problem holding back black boys academically is their over - feminised upbringing .
First , because with the onset of adolescence there is no male role model to provide guidance and lock down the destructive instincts that exist within all males .
Second , in the absence of such a figure a boy will seek out an alternative .
This will usually be among dominant male figures , all too often found in gangs .
This is the space where there is a kind of hierarchy , a ritual and , of course , a sense of belonging .
We have wasted years , and lives , looking in the wrong direction as to the causes of crime and education failure .
We 've had endless studies attempting to prove institutional racism – while all along our boys ' psychological needs were n't met .
The current government policy of rolling out role models to black youngsters is another attempt to externalise the problem that lies within .
It has left us with little research and knowledge about a group that gets kicked out of school the most .
Meanwhile , the black family continues to disintegrate and it seems no one dares say a word .
Johnny Weir held a press conference Wednesday in Vancouver to address remarks made by two veteran sports commentators during the Olympics suggesting that his fabulousness ( our word ) is a bad example of , and for , male figure skaters and joking that he should undergo a gender test .
If you speak French , watch a clip here .
We ’ll detail the comments , which have a Quebec gay rights group contemplating filing a complaint with the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council , later .
Weir began by joking that he grew stubble for the press conference to show that he ’s a man , but his tone quickly got serious .
As you ’ll hear him say in the two clips we ’ve embedded , he ’s not asking for an apology .
He says he believes in free speech and would n’t want these men fired for expressing their opinion .
( “ I ’ve heard worse in bathrooms and whatnot about me , ” he quipped . )
He just wants them to think before they speak — and to imagine the damage they could do to people like him and to generations of children whose parents may not give them the same freedom and support his did if they think their child will only be ridiculed for being who he or she is .
“ I would challenge anyone to question my upbringing and question my parents ’ ideals and feelings about bringing up me and my brother , who ’s completely different from me but taught very much the same way that I was , ” Weir said .
( The conviction in his voice during that statement had to have made his parents as proud as any medal he could ’ve won . )
There ’s a reason he ’s calling attention to the situation : “ Even my gender has been questioned .
I want that to be public because I do n’t want 50 years from now more young boys and girls to have to go through this sort of thing and to have their whole life basically questioned for no reason other than to make a joke and to make people watch their television program , ” he said .
He summed up his message — “ I hope more kids can grow up the same way that I did and more kids can feel the freedom that I feel to be themselves and to express themselves ” — and his belief that the concepts of masculinity and femininity are old - fashioned .
“ There ’s a whole generation of people that are n’t defined by their sex or their race or by who they like to sleep with .
I think as a person you know what your values are and what you believe in , and I think that ’s the most important thing . ”
According to The Canadian Press , Claude Mailhot of the French - language RDS network began by saying , “ This may not be politically correct , but do you think he lost points due to his costume and his body language ? ”
Alain Goldberg responded saying Weir ’s femininity may reflect poorly on other male figure skaters .
” They ’ll think all the boys who skate will end up like him .
It sets a bad example . ”
Goldberg is also quoted as saying , “ We should make him [ Weir ] pass a gender test at this point , ” and Mailhot then joking that Weir should compete in the women ’s competition .
The two broadcasters later issued an on -air apology .
How do you think Weir handled the controversy ?
I say beautifully .
For once , the focus went beyond the superficial “ You ca n’t say that on TV ! ” headlines to make the media stop and examine the meaning and effect of what was said .
Weir understands it ’s not just children who have to have self - confidence , but also their parents .
If Weir speaks in high schools after the Olympics — and he should — I hope parents are encouraged to come to the assembly .
I think his controlled , articulate passion might actually reach them .
More Olympics coverage :
PopWatch on Ice : figure skating recaps and commentary
Gadget nerds : Prepare to lose the rest of your day to awesomeness .
PopSci , the web -wing of Popular Science magazine , has scanned its entire 137 - year archive and put it online for you to read , absolutely free .
The archive , made available in partnership with Google Books , even has the original period advertisements .
Head over to the site and you 'll see a simple search box .
Of course , the first thing I typed in was " jet pack " .
This , naturally enough , returned plenty of results , including a rather dangerous - looking hydrogen peroxide–powered contraption with a belt - mounted controller .
The article was printed in the December 1962 issue .
You can't go directly to an issue to browse , but once you have arrived somewhere by search , there are no restrictions on scrolling around .
You 'll also find a properly hyperlinked table of contents in each magazine .
The early years are a little dry : I browsed an issue from 1902 , and it made the average math textbook look like a Dan Brown novel ( only better paced ) , so I 'd recommend starting in the optimistic , tech - loving 1950s .
Oh , and did I mention it works great on an iPhone ?
Good luck getting any work done today .
Search the PopSci archives .
See Also :
Google 's China domain , Google.cn , now redirects to Google.com.hk .
The new site reads , " Welcome to the new home of Google China search . "
The switch means Google is no longer censoring search results for its Chinese visitors .
Whether Chinese Internet can actually access Google.com.hk is another matter .
It may be blocked by the Chinese government .
The move follows months of negotiations and threats between Google ( GOOG ) and the Chinese government .
Those talks began in January , when Google announced that it and its users had been attacked by Chinese government hackers .
See a shrine Chinese people built for Google in January →
In a blog post , Google described the switch as an effort to " make good on our promise to stop censoring search on Google.cn . "
The company said , " We intend to continue R&D work in China and also to maintain a sales presence there , though the size of the sales team will obviously be partially dependent on the ability of mainland Chinese users to access Google.com.hk . "
One big immediate change as a result of the domain switch : Users can look up pictures of the infamous 1989 Tianamen Square protest .
Here 's the whole post from Google 's official blog , signed by Google SVP David Drummond :
On January 12 , we announced on this blog that Google and more than twenty other U.S. companies had been the victims of a sophisticated cyber attack originating from China , and that during our investigation into these attacks we had uncovered evidence to suggest that the Gmail accounts of dozens of human rights activists connected with China were being routinely accessed by third parties , most likely via phishing scams or malware placed on their computers .
We also made clear that these attacks and the surveillance they uncovered — combined with attempts over the last year to further limit free speech on the web in China including the persistent blocking of websites such as Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , Google Docs and Blogger — had led us to conclude that we could no longer continue censoring our results on Google.cn .
So earlier today we stopped censoring our search services — Google Search , Google News , and Google Images — on Google.cn .
Users visiting Google.cn are now being redirected to Google.com.hk , where we are offering uncensored search in simplified Chinese , specifically designed for users in mainland China and delivered via our servers in Hong Kong .
Users in Hong Kong will continue to receive their existing uncensored , traditional Chinese service , also from Google.com.hk .
Due to the increased load on our Hong Kong servers and the complicated nature of these changes , users may see some slowdown in service or find some products temporarily inaccessible as we switch everything over .
Figuring out how to make good on our promise to stop censoring search on Google.cn has been hard .
We want as many people in the world as possible to have access to our services , including users in mainland China , yet the Chinese government has been crystal clear throughout our discussions that self - censorship is a non-negotiable legal requirement .
We believe this new approach of providing uncensored search in simplified Chinese from Google.com.hk is a sensible solution to the challenges we 've faced — it 's entirely legal and will meaningfully increase access to information for people in China .
We very much hope that the Chinese government respects our decision , though we are well aware that it could at any time block access to our services .
We will therefore be carefully monitoring access issues , and have created this new web page , which we will update regularly each day , so that everyone can see which Google services are available in China .
In terms of Google 's wider business operations , we intend to continue R&D work in China and also to maintain a sales presence there , though the size of the sales team will obviously be partially dependent on the ability of mainland Chinese users to access Google.com.hk .
Finally , we would like to make clear that all these decisions have been driven and implemented by our executives in the United States , and that none of our employees in China can , or should , be held responsible for them .
Despite all the uncertainty and difficulties they have faced since we made our announcement in January , they have continued to focus on serving our Chinese users and customers .
We are immensely proud of them .
How Google Ended Up At War With China
The Constitutional amendment America needs .
There has been a growing fury about the Supreme Court ’s decision in the Citizens United case , but much of that fury hangs upon an odd reading of the Court ’s opinion .
The Court , it is said , has given corporations all the rights of “ persons . ”
It has elevated these artificial beings into entities “ endowed by their Creator ” ( us ) “ with certain unalienable rights , ” including the right to free speech .
No doubt the Court has a long history of recognizing the “ person ” in “ Inc . ”
But this current wave of criticism is hard to understand , because the Court ’s entire Citizens United opinion hung upon the fact that the First Amendment says nothing about who or what is to get the benefit of its protection .
It simply bans certain kinds of regulation .
As Justice Scalia put it in his concurrence : “ The Amendment is written in terms of ‘ speech , ’ not speakers . ”
Thus , the government is blocked by the First Amendment from constraining the free speech of any entity , whether that entity is a corporation or a dolphin .
This interpretation of the First Amendment is going to create real trouble for the Court when Congress gets around to closing the gap that the Court ’s opinion seems to create .
If it is the regulation , and not the speaker that matters , then the Chinese are no different from the Chamber of Commerce .
So how can the Court honestly uphold the inevitable law limiting the Chinese from campaigning , when they ’ve just told us that identity does n’t matter ?
One need not be xenophobic to be troubled by the idea of foreign influence in American elections .
Certainly the Framers were .
The point is not that foreigners are evil .
It is rather that elections are private .
It is we — citizens — who are to select who is to govern us .
And it is completely appropriate for us to protect the debate we have about that selection by limiting disproportionate spending by non-citizens .
This insight gives a clue to perhaps the most sensible constitutional response to the Supreme Court ’s decision .
Not , as an angry gaggle of activists have proposed , through an amendment aimed at denying what Citizens United never asserted — that corporations are persons .
But instead , through an amendment that recognizes what no one has ever asserted — that whether or not they are persons , corporations are not United States citizens .
And if there is something appropriate to keeping the conversation about who is to govern us to us citizens , there may well be something appropriate in protecting elections against undue influence by non-citizens .
London is ‘ angry ’ over the use of stolen identities by the Dubai assassins and points its finger at the Jewish state and its notorious Mossad espionage agency .
The Israeli ambassador to Britain , Ron Prosor , was summoned yesterday by the foreign minister to “ share information ” .
In practice Britain has stopped short of accusing Israel of involvement in the scandalous assassination , however to signal its displeasure the Foreign Office ignored an Israeli plea to keep the summons secret .
" Relations were in the freezer before this .
They are in the deep freeze now , " a British official told the Guardian .
The British anger at Israel would be a positive signal in the right direction if we were not aware of British Foreign Secretary David Miliband investing enormous efforts trying to amend Britain ’s ethical stand just to appease Tzipi Livni , Ehud Barak and other Israeli leaders .
The British Foreign Ministry ’s reaction could almost be deemed a revelation , were we able to forget that just five weeks before Israel launched its lethal criminal attack against Gaza , David Miliband visited Sderot , an Israeli town on the Gaza border to offer his support .
" No country can accept constant bombardment of its citizens ” , Miliband told the people of Sderot .
He then continued “ Israel should , above all , seek to protect its own citizens " .
It was that foolish statement by Britain ’s Foreign Secretary that made us all complicit in Israel ’s flattening of Gaza .
Bearing these facts in mind , it is rather unlikely that the Israeli Ambassador to Britain was sweating while ‘ sharing information ’ with the chief aid to the British Foreign Secretary .
In the last few days Robert Fisk reported from the Middle East that , in Dubai there is not much doubt about Britain being involved in the Israeli blunder .
" The British passports are real ” , says one of Fisk ’s sources in Dubai .
“ They are hologram pictures with the biometric stamp .
They are not forged or fake .
The names were really there .
If you can fake a hologram or biometric stamp , what does this mean ? "
The truth better be exposed here .
As if this is not enough , the Israeli Ynet reports today ( quoting the Daily Mail ) that Israel informed the British government that its agents were going to carry out an ' overseas operation ' using forged British passports .
“ It was n't a request for permission , but rather a courtesy call ” .
If Britain was collaborating with Israel at any level , we better know it all , we better find out whether it was a person or a body within the Government or the intelligence , or just an ordinary sayan* in the Home Office or any other government office .
If there was British collaboration , we better identify what it was exactly , who decided to serve Israeli murderous interests in our midst .
We also better find out who in Britain decided to put British interests and British security in the Arab world at enormous risk .
In the Guardian yesterday Seumas Milne did n’t save his words either .
“ Instead of setting off a diplomatic backlash , the British government sat on its hands for almost a week after it was reportedly first passed details of the passport abuse .
And while the Foreign Office finally summoned the Israeli ambassador to ‘ share information ’ , rather than to protest , Gordon Brown could ­ yesterday only promise a ‘ full investigation ’ ” .
The truth of the matter is tragic .
The British political system is paralysed by the Israeli Lobby .
Like in the USA , British national interests are sacrificed for the sake of dirty Zionist cash .
If Britain wants to liberate itself from the Zionist grip and have any prospect of a future , it must move fast and clean the entire list of Zionist infiltrators from its political ranks , Government offices and strategic positions .
I am not talking here about Jews .
By no means do I mention ethnicity or race .
I am talking here about a political and ideological affiliation .
Considering Zionism is a murderous , racist , expansionist ideology , it is natural to stress that people who are affiliated with Israel and Zionism must be removed immediately from any political , government , military or strategic posts and so on .
As much as Britain would refrain from delegating decisions regarding its security with Arab , Chinese or Russian Nationalists , it should similarly treat Jewish nationalists with at least as much caution .
But here is the good news .
Unlike the Zionised British political system , the British people and media are actually outraged .
The Mossad ’s blunder , as well as the British political impotence is overwhelmingly exposed in the British press .
It is on the front page of every British daily paper , it is featured on every TV news item .
There is no doubt today , the patience towards Israeli barbarism is clearly running out .
A few years back I was listening to a talk given by Dr. Mustafa Barghouti who pointed out that back in 1948 the world stood silent watching 750,000 Palestinian people being driven out of their land , their villages and their cities through an orchestrated ethnic cleansing coupled with many massacres .
The world kept silent when Israel set its racist return laws to prevent the Palestinians from returning to their land .
In 1967 , the developed world was n’t just silent , it actually praised the Israeli expansionist extravaganza .
It applauded the IDF as it cleansed tens of thousands of Palestinians out of their historic land .
But then things started to change .
In the Lebanon war of 1982 the world at large was still pretty silent as 30,000 Palestinian and Lebanese were butchered by the Israeli Air Force and the IDF .
Yet it miraculously woke the Left up from its terminal snooze .
Some activists started to realise that Palestinians and their cause were at the heart of the battle for a better world .
During the first and the second Intifadas more and more people came to realise that Israel was the aggressor .
In 2006 Israel again unleashed total havoc in Lebanon .
This time Israel left 3,000 fatalities .
However , the impact of these successive Israeli brutalities led to a drastic rise of anti Israeli feelings .
It was in fact the 2nd Lebanon war ( rather than Iraq ) that was the catalyst for Tony Blair ’s overdue political downfall .
Blair paid an immediate political price for condoning the war .
The Gaza massacre of 2009 , left 1,400 dead Palestinians , most of them women and children , it left Gaza in total ruin , but as we know , it also led to the highest tide of anti Israeli resentments in every possible level in the media , in the street and even in the UN .
This week we learn about Israel ’s latest murderous blunder .
It assassinated a Hamas military leader .
While in the past Israel would be praised for the courage of its assassin squads , those who are chasing the enemies of the Jews in far lands and beyond , the reaction this week is very different .
The Jewish state is now regarded as a qualified pariah state .
British media and people start to see through it .
No one in the British press stood for Israel , no one tried to justify or advocate Israel ’s acts .
No one repeated the clichés about Hamas being a terrorist organisation .
I guess that by now , people out there grasp that Hamas is Palestine ’s democratically elected leadership .
People also realise that Hamas is justified in pursuing a fully legitimate struggle for liberation .
As much as Israelis and their supporters try to tell us that the diplomatic backlash is fuelled by merely technical matters such as ‘ identity theft ’ , reading the British press conveys a far deeper resentment to Israel , what it stands for and the way it operates .
For a while some of us have been talking about remote signs that the tide is changing .
As it happens , we are waking up into a new reality .
The tide has changed already .
Israel has exhausted the last drops of moral integrity , as if it possessed such an integrity to start with .
Britain and every Western country better move fast and identify the enemy within , those amongst us who support the Zionist project and convert us all into being complicit partners in Israel ’s never ending sin .
* Sayan - a unique and important part of the Mossad 's operation .
The Sayan ( assistant ) must be 100 percent Jewish .
The Sayan supports the Israeli cause and assists the Mossad operation .
Victor Ostrovsky the veteran Mossad agent says : “ There are thousands of sayanim around the world .
In London alone , there are about 2,000 who are active , and another 5,000 on the list … ”
To read more
﻿
Your Price : US$ 59.99 Maximum order quantity : 50 Qty Shipping Guide ( More info )
Overview The Razer DeathAdder Left - Hand Edition is the world ’s first gaming grade mouse for left - handers .
Rest assured that because it is crafted solely for you left - handers it will erase all doubt that a right handed gamer might have an edge because of the mouse he uses .
The Razer DeathAdder has been the weapon of choice for gamers seeking a combination of comfort and unbridled gaming precision for a long time .
And since the difference between victory and defeat is determined in a heartbeat , nothing must slow you down .
The 3500dpi Razer Precision 3.5G infrared sensor translates your every movement into frags with pinpoint accuracy .
Enjoy extended gaming sessions in comfort with a mouse crafted for the elite world of competitive gaming .
True Ergonomic Left - Hand Design
For all the left - handed gamers out there , your long hours of using gaming mice that do not fit are over .
With the Razer DeathAdder Left - Hand Edition , Razer is covering new ground .
The first gaming grade mouse dedicated solely to left - handed professional gamers was conceived because when it comes down to it , you want to know you are perfectly equipped with precision and comfort .
3500 DPI Razer Precision 3.5G Infrared Sensor
The 3500DPI Razer Precision 3.5G infrared sensor arms you with 4 x more precision than a standard 800DPI mouse giving you the edge over the entire competition .
1000 Hz Ultrapolling
Instantaneous execution is guaranteed with the Razer 1000 Hz Ultrapolling technology giving you a response time of 1 ms compared to that of 125 Hz / 8 ms found in conventional gaming mice .
Technical Specifications Ergonomic left hand design
3500DPI Razer Precision 3.5G infrared sensor
1000 Hz Ultrapolling / 1 ms response
Five independently programmable Hyperesponse buttons
On - The - Fly Sensitivity adjustment
Always - On mode
Ultra -Large non-slip buttons
16 - bit ultra - wide data path
60 –120 inches per second and 15g of acceleration
Zero-Acoustic Ultraslick mouse feet
Gold - Plated USB connector
Seven -Foot , lightweight , braided fiber cable
Approximate Size : 127 mm / 5.00 ” ( Length ) x 70 mm / 2.76 ” ( Width ) x 44 mm / 1.73 ” ( Height )
Approximate Weight : 148 g / 0.33 lbs System Requirements PC / Mac with USB port
Windows ® 7 / Windows Vista® / Windows ® XP or Mac OS X ( v10.4 and above )
Internet connection ( for driver installation )
At least 35 MB of hard disk space Gallery Customer Testimonials
The only way I can be there and really get into the character is if I 'm her .
Trivia :
Lacey 's last name , which is French , is pronounced " shah - BEHR " .
Lacey 's paternal grandfather was of half Cajun ( ethnic group mainly living in the U.S. state of Louisiana , consisting of the descendants of Acadian exiles ( French - speakers from Acadia in what are now the Maritimes ) ) and half Sicilian ancestry , and Lacey 's paternal grandmother was of mostly Cajun and some English descent .
Lacey's ...
Still getting the links together from the Civil Partnership Debate yesterday ( the bill has passed it ’s Second Stage and has been referred to the Select Committee on Justice , Equality and Law Reform for the stage where amendments are put and debated . )
However I thought we might try assist Leo Varadkar TD ( Fine Gael ) in finding a partner he can marry and get a tax relief from ( if the partner earns less than 25 k ) .
Yesterday in his contribution to the Civil Partnership Debate ( while supporting the bill ) Deputy Varadkar spoke about the discrimination he faces as a single person .
I am single and live alone .
Being single , I pay a lot of tax .
I do not wish to be poor - mouthing but must state I probably pay 40 % of my income in tax .
As a result I have to pay the mortgage and utility bills on my own , which is the same for the many hundreds of thousands of single people in the State .
Ironically , if I were to marry someone earning less than € 25,000 , I would be able to share the costs of living and reduce my tax bill by € 7,000 .
It seems to be somewhat unfair that as a single person I am essentially paying more tax to subsidise other married people who may earn more than me .
This anomaly of the tax system is designed to support marriage .
This issue will also arise with civil partnership in that the Finance Acts will be amended to offer the same benefit for those who enter a civil partnership .
Single people will effectively be subsidising the lifestyles of married people .
Why should single people have to pay € 7,000 more in tax ?
I accept an issue arises where there is a family .
However , in a family there must be children .
We should consider changing the system so that those rights apply to families with dependent children .
It is somewhat unfair that some Members with the same income as mine , who have stay - at - home wives who chose not to work but spend the day on the golf course or lunching , pay less tax than I do .
I do not have an objection to their choice but I object to single people having to pay more tax so that other people have that choice .
This anomaly needs to be addressed in our tax system .
So anyone want to design a personal advertisement for the Deputy ?
( applicants might also want to note that he also said getting rights from cohabiting together after only two years was a bit too short ) I also assume some of the Fine Gael Ladies Lunch crew wo n’t be too amused by his views on their activities .
Your efforts at ads are very welcome ( by me anyway if not the Deputy ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Oil firms could be given the chance to explore for reserves off the US coast for the first time in decades , under plans outlined by President Obama .
The White House says drilling will be allowed off Virginia and considered off much of the rest of the Atlantic coast .
The plans would overturn moratoriums on exploration put in place in the 1980s .
Analysts say the move , designed to cut dependency on foreign oil , is aimed at appeasing Republicans to help pass Mr Obama 's climate - change proposals .
The Democrat - backed climate change bill , which calls for binding emissions ' limits , has been languishing in Congress for months amid Republican opposition .
ANALYSIS Steve Kingstone , BBC News , Washington
President Obama will draw criticism from environmental groups and influential politicians in coastal states but his eyes are on a bigger prize : a climate change bill , compatible with any post - Kyoto international agreement .
Together with earlier concessions on coal and nuclear power , Wednesday 's announcement is an attempt to secure opposition Republican votes in the Senate , which will be needed if the bill is to become law .
Critics will say Mr Obama has given Republicans what they wanted .
The administration counters that responsible exploration on the home front will lessen America 's dependency on oil from unpredictable foreign suppliers .
The president also placed drilling in the context of a broader commitment to renewable energy , which he says will create or save 700,000 jobs .
As so often in presidential politics , achievements hinge on successfully balancing competing forces .
Mr Obama just walked out on to the high - wire .
But Republicans have opposed much of Mr Obama 's domestic agenda , and were quick to dismiss his oil drilling plans .
John Boehner , Republican leader in the House of Representatives , welcomed the end of the moratorium in the east , but said keeping the ban on other areas " makes no sense " .
Environmental campaigners also denounced the plans , with Greenpeace saying it added to the US " addiction to oil " .
" Expanding offshore drilling in areas that have been protected for decades threatens our oceans and the coastal communities that depend on them with devastating oil spills , more pollution and climate change , " said the group 's Phil Radford .
Moratoriums on drilling were put in place amid fears that an oil spill would cause an ecological disaster .
Many Democrats oppose any expansion of oil drilling , but Mr Obama has spoken in favour of such a move in the past .
Announcing the proposals , he stressed that drilling alone would not meet the nation 's energy needs .
" Today we 're announcing the expansion of offshore oil and gas exploration - but in ways that balance the need to harness domestic energy resources and the need to protect America 's natural resources , " Mr Obama said at Andrews Air Force Base , Maryland .
" My administration will consider potential new areas for development in the mid and south Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico . "
The White House also announced a mixed package for Alaska - cancelling outright oil and gas drilling leases in the Bristol Bay area .
Four leases in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas off Alaska 's north coast were also cancelled - although the area will be left open for " future scientific research to assess their suitability for leasing " .
A previously announced lease sale in Alaska 's Cook Inlet would be allowed to go ahead , the government said .
1 : Four pending leases cancelled and scientific assessments carried out 2 : Lease for Bristol Bay area cancelled to protect " sensitive area " 3 : Drilling could be allowed in Eastern Gulf if moratorium expires 4 : First new offshore sale in the Atlantic in more than two decades
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AT&T Inc. said it would take a $ 1 billion charge against earnings tied to the federal health - care overhaul , joining a number of other companies in reporting an impact from the bill signed into law this week .
The charges relate to prescription - drug benefits for retirees .
Companies that provide this benefit , as AT&T does , receive a federal subsidy , plus they can deduct the value of this subsidy from their taxes .
The health overhaul cancels the deductibility of the subsidy .
...
March 20 , 2010
by Cornelius B
( for henrymakow.com )
Tremendous effort has been expended to perfect television and make it cheap and widely available .
Why ?
We know that television modifies the brain waves , affecting mainly the beta waves , which are the energetic support of the brain 's activities such as processes of thought , analysis and decision .
In the works of Emery and of Krugman , we find that once the TV set is on , the waves of the brain slow down until the alpha waves dominate the brain activity .
The more the TV set stays on , the more the brain waves slow down (
Jerry Mander , Four Arguments for the Elimination of the Television , NY , 1978 ) .
Dr. Eric Peper and Dr. Thomas Mulholand came to the same conclusion .
The left brain hemisphere is massively inhibited , thus reducing critical capacity
( i.e. a reasoned opinion on any matter especially involving a judgment of its value , truth , righteousness , beauty . )
(
Martin Large , Out of the Box ,
http://www. allianceforchildhood.org.uk/ home/reports-documents /the- future - of - childhood / chapter -8/
) .
Thus , television is a " super - tool " for " mind grafts " and social engineering .
ORWEL
L
In Orwell 's " 1984 , " a TV screen dominates the center of every home and public place .
With the TV screen , the " all seeing eye " of " Big Brother " controls thoughts and sentiments .
Television is no longer a means of entertainment , but an ideological weapon , for the manipulation of the consciousnesses .
The citizens of this world created by " Big Brother " , spends most of his time with an omnipresent television .
They go to sleep with the television , wake up with the television , and the daily life is programmed by " Big Brother " .
This is a form of totalitarian governance , a form of intellectual dictatorship .
This is the consequence of the elimination of God from the daily life as spiritual essence and behavioral guide .
A God inspired spirituality springs as the water springs from the underground , so from the depths of the spirituality springs the spiritual life of man , to nourish human society and keep it in touch with the natural order of things .
Once human society is cut off from this source , it is on the road to corruption , decadence and unavoidable death .
Here is where " THEY " want to bring us and our children .
For what purpose ?
They believe they are " the Messiah " and they can replace God and take total possession of the whole earth and everything it contains .
This pretension can be generated only by a sick corrupted and degenerated mind .
They pretend even , as Nietzsche , one of their front men , pretended " Gott is tot " - God is dead .
GOD LIVES
Yes , indeed , God is dead in their spirits .
But God is an indestructible spiritual force which fills the whole Universe .
He represents the universal laws that a healthy spirit sees everywhere around us , in the macrocosm and the microcosm , with all the wonders and marvels , including the marvel of life .
For a social healthy life , there is just one solution : keep in touch with the Divinity in you , with God almighty , and let the fools deceive themselves until their total destruction .
Their Craft is just madness in the eyes of God , and their fate is the fate of Sodom .
Stay away from their poisons , from their false prophets and ideologies , and teach your family the truth .
Protect them from their paranoia and their fatal fate .
( As a matter of fact , Nietzsche ended his life in total mental alienation while he was only 55 - years - old ) .
Go and work for a healthy world , starting with your own spiritual , moral , and physical health .
Do n't be passive , but active , just as Jesus was all his life .
A good example is when he turned over the tables of the money changers in the Temple , and chased them out with a whip .
Do n't just wait for " miracles " and Divine intervention , or the intervention of someone else to make this world a better place .
Change the world in a positive way using your own life as example .
Stay wise !
And do n't forget - " In the beginning was the Word " , then , spread the Word !
---
Related -- Television and Brainwashing
Ever wonder what Meg from Family Guy would look like in real life ?
Well now you know .
And probably wish you did n't .
Too late suckers -- have fun dreaming about her !
Real Life Meg [ filmdrunk ]
Thanks to Stephen and cocoa , who both party like Brian .
Except Stephen , he 's a lightweight .
Three big companies quit an influential lobbying group that had focused on shaping climate - change legislation , in the latest sign that support for an ambitious bill is melting away .
Oil giants BP PLC and ConocoPhillips and heavy - equipment maker Caterpillar Inc. said Tuesday they wo n't renew their membership in the three - year - old U.S. Climate Action Partnership , a broad business - environmental coalition that had been instrumental in building support in Washington for capping emissions of greenhouse gases .
The ...
Stack wrote : " Here I am with a new marriage and a boatload of undocumented income , not to mention an expensive new business asset , a piano , which I had no idea how to handle . "
He added : " I know I 'm hardly the first one to decide I have had all I can stand .
I have just had enough .
Violence not only is the answer , it is the only answer . "
ELEMENTS of Islamic law - the sharia - should be legally recognised in Australia so that Muslims can live according their faith , a prominent Muslim leader says .
Addressing an open day at Lakemba Mosque on Saturday , the president of the Australian Islamic Mission , Zachariah Matthews , said parts of sharia could be recognised as a secondary legal system so that Muslims were not forced to act contrary to their beliefs .
'' Sharia law could function as a parallel system in the same way that some traditional Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander law was recognised in the Northern Territory , '' Dr Matthews told the Herald after the session .
' ' I do n't think we are so unsophisticated that we cannot consider a multilayered legal system as long as it does n't conflict with the existing civil system . ''
The comments shocked some attending the open day .
They felt Dr Matthews was advocating the introduction of the penal system under which women have been stoned to death for adultery , and corporal punishment is meted out for some offences .
'' It came as quite a shock to some non-Muslims in the crowd when sharia law and the idea of a parallel legal system was mentioned , '' one audience member , Jasmine Donnelly , said .
" We have never got any sponsors out of ( the United States ) .
The television has never taken off ; we have more viewers in Malta than over there . "
-- F1 Boss Bernie Ecclestone quoted by The Times June 2006
Those who hate environmentalism have spent years looking for the definitive example of a great green rip - off .
Finally it arrives , and nobody notices .
The government is about to shift £ 8.6 bn from the poor to the middle classes .
It expects a loss on this scheme of £ 8.2bn , or 95 % .
Yet the media is silent .
The opposition urges only that the scam should be expanded .
On 1 April the government introduces its feed - in tariffs .
These oblige electricity companies to pay people for the power they produce at home .
The money will come from their customers in the form of higher bills .
It would make sense , if we did n't know that the technologies the scheme will reward are comically inefficient .
The people who sell solar photovoltaic ( PV ) panels and micro wind turbines in the UK insist they represent a good investment .
The arguments I have had with them have been long and bitter .
But the debate has now been brought to an end with the publication of the government 's table of tariffs : the rewards people will receive for installing different kinds of generators .
The government wants everyone to get the same rate of return .
So while the electricity you might generate from large wind turbines and hydro plants will earn you 4.5 p per kilowatt hour , mini wind turbines get 34 p , and solar panels 41 p .
In other words , the government acknowledges that micro wind and solar PV in the UK are between seven and nine times less cost - effective than the alternatives .
It expects this scheme to save 7 m tonnes of carbon dioxide by 2020 .
Assuming – generously – that the rate of installation keeps accelerating , this suggests a saving of about 20 m tonnes of CO 2 by 2030 .
The estimated price by then is £ 8.6 bn .
This means it will cost about £ 430 to save one tonne of CO 2 .
Last year the consultancy company McKinsey published a table of cost comparisons .
It found that you could save a tonne of CO 2 for £ 3 by investing in geothermal energy , or for £ 8 by building a nuclear power plant .
Insulating commercial buildings costs nothing ; in fact it saves £ 60 for every tonne of CO 2 you reduce ; replacing incandescent lightbulbs with LEDs saves £ 80 per tonne .
The government predicts that the tradeable value of the carbon saved by its £ 8.6 bn scheme will be £ 420 m .
That 's some return on investment .
The reason for these astonishing costs is that the government expects most people who use this scheme to install solar panels .
Solar PV is a great technology – if you live in southern California .
But the further from the equator you travel , the less sense it makes .
It 's not just that the amount of power PV panels produce at this latitude is risible , they also produce it at the wrong time .
In hot countries , where air conditioning guzzles electricity , peak demand coincides with peak solar radiation .
In the UK , peak demand takes place between 5 pm and 7 pm on winter evenings .
Do I need to spell out the implications ?
We have plenty of ambient energy , but it 's not to be found on people 's roofs .
The only renewables policy that makes sense is to build big installations where the energy is – which means high ground , estuaries or the open sea – and deliver it by wire to where people live .
But the government 's scheme sloshes money into places where resources are poor and economies of scale impossible .
We do n't need to guess the results : the German government made the same mistake 10 years ago .
By 2006 its generous feed - in tariffs had stimulated 230,000 solar roofs , at a cost of € 1.2 bn .
Their total contribution to the country 's electricity supply was 0.4 % .
Their total contribution to carbon savings , as a paper in the journal Energy Policy points out , is zero .
This is because Germany , like the UK , belongs to the European emissions trading scheme .
Any savings made by feed - in tariffs permit other industries to raise their emissions .
Either the trading scheme works , in which case the tariffs are pointless , or it does n't , in which case it needs to be overhauled .
The government can't have it both ways .
A week ago the German government decided to reduce sharply the tariff it pays for solar PV , on the grounds that it is a waste of money .
Just as the Germans have begun to abandon their monumental mistake , we are about to repeat it .
Buying a solar panel is now the best investment a householder can make .
The tariffs will deliver a return of between 5 % and 8 % a year , which is both index linked ( making a nominal return of between 7 % and 10 % ) and tax - free .
The payback is guaranteed for 25 years .
If you own a house and can afford the investment , you 'd be crazy not to cash in .
If you do n't and can't , you must sit and watch your money being used to pay for someone else 's fashion accessory .
Had this money been spent instead on insulation or double glazing , it could have helped relieve fuel poverty at the same time as cutting emissions .
But the feed - in tax is both wasteful and regressive .
The government has now decided not to oblige people to improve the efficiency of their homes before they can claim a tariff : you 'll be paid to put a solar panel on your roof even if the roof contains no insulation .
Though there 's a system to ensure functioning devices are installed , it can't be long before thousands of petty criminals discover the perfect carousel fraud , bypassing their solar panels by connecting the incoming wire to the outgoing wire .
By buying electricity for 7 p and selling it for 44 p ( if you sell power to the grid rather than using it yourself , you get an extra 3 p ) , they 'll make a 600 % profit .
Amazingly the government has decided not to measure how much electricity people are selling , but " to pay export tariffs on the basis of estimated ( deemed ) exports " .
Elsewhere in its report it boasts of " encouraging a risk - based approach to audit and assurance " .
Come on in , you crims , the door is wide open .
So who is opposing this lunacy ?
Good question .
The Conservatives , Liberal Democrats , Friends of the Earth and Greenpeace have lined up to denounce the government for not being generous enough .
The only body to have called this right so far is the loathsome TaxPayers '
Alliance , but nobody listened because it has cried wolf too often .
There appears to be a cross-party agreement to squander the public 's money .
Why ?
It 's partly because many Tory and Lib Dem voters hate big , efficient windfarms , and this scheme appears to offer an alternative .
But it 's mostly because solar panels accord with the aspirations of the middle classes .
The solar panel is the ideal modern status symbol , which signifies both wealth and moral superiority , even if it 's perfectly useless .
If people want to waste their money , let them .
But you and I should n't be paying for it .
Seldom has there been a bigger public rip - off ; seldom has less fuss been made about it .
Will we try to stop this scheme , or are we a nation of dupes ?
Andrey Arshavin fears Arsenal may lack the strength in depth required to compete for major trophies .
Gunners ace fears Wenger 's men may fall short
Variety
Andrey Arshavin fears Arsenal may lack the strength in depth required to compete for major trophies .
The Gunners are hoping to complete a domestic and European double this season , with their campaign still promising much .
They sit second in the Premier League table , two points behind leaders Manchester United , and have reached the quarter - finals of the UEFA Champions League .
However , Arsene Wenger 's resources have been pushed to their limit at times this season , with unfortunate injuries taking their toll .
A lack of transfer activity , last summer and in January , has left them thin on the ground and Arshavin admits that frugal approach could prove costly .
" I am still of the opinion that to win trophies Arsenal needs more players , " the Russian forward is quoted as saying in .
" There is the simple fact that last summer we sold two players and bought only one .
So there is an obvious deficit of at least one .
Then we lost ( Robin ) Van Persie , ( Kieran ) Gibbs and ( Aaron ) Ramsey for a long time .
So for me it is natural we need new players .
" Without the variety of players we have less diversity in attack .
That allows our opponents to read our combinations more easily .
Finally , it results in less ball possession for us and our defence comes under more pressure .
" The Premier League is very interesting , at least as long as we continue fighting to win it .
But without new experienced players , real stars , it will be difficult to achieve success .
" Ideally we need three or four such experienced players and then among our youths there should be guys who are not only good at playing football but have real character . "
Dutch bacteria have a previously unknown method to produce oxygen .
The process uses methane and nitric oxide , it might predate the development of photosynthesis by hundreds of millions of years , and it could allow life to survive on other planets .
Advertisement
Three natural methods of oxygen production were known before this study .
The best known and most common is photosynthesis , in which plants , algae , and some bacteria convert carbon dioxide and water into sugars , which releases oxygen as a waste product .
The other two methods are the creation of oxygen from chlorates in bacteria cells and the conversion of reactive oxygen materials using enzymes .
The newly discovered process is used by a microbe found in nearly oxygen - free canals and ditches in the Netherlands , although its particular strain was first discovered in caves in Australia .
In the presence of methane gas and nitrites , the microbes broke down the nitrites into nitric oxide , which they then split into nitrogen and oxygen .
The oxygen was then used to burn the methane for energy , and the nitrogen was released as a waste product .
Advertisement
The researchers at The Netherlands at the Radboud University in Nijmegen are confident this is what the microbes are doing , but they 're less certain how the microbes are doing it .
There is some thought an enzyme of some sort is involved , but there are hundred of proteins whose properties are still unknown that could be directing the expression of the enzyme .
As such , the exact mechanics of this new oxygen - creating process remain poorly understood , although it 's definitely unlike anything seen before .
The researchers are also excited about the potential wider implications of this discovery .
Primordial bacteria might have used this method to create oxygen on the early pre-photosynthesis Earth , when the atmosphere was rich in methane and poor in oxygen .
This process may also shed new light on the mechanics of methane cycles .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But perhaps most intriguingly , this new process provides a potential method for life to exist on oxygen - low , methane - heavy environments like those of the planets and moons of the outer solar system .
In fact , this method would not require there to be any free oxygen in the atmosphere at all - as long as there was sufficient methane and nitrites , that would actually be more than enough for microbes using this process to survive , even thrive .
[ via Nature ]
SYDNEY , Australia —
As a 21 - year - old , Ric Johnstone drove 150 miles daily across the scorching vastness of the Australian outback to work .
A motor mechanic in the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) , he spent 1956 servicing military vehicles in the Great Victorian Desert .
He lived with 300 other men in a tent town , eating dinners of bullied beef with the occasional vegetable .
Johnstone described his first six months as similar to being a prisoner in a chain gang : “ There was no church , no women , no entertainment , nothing . ”
But half a year later , Johnstone ’s problems were very different .
Even though he remained a motor mechanic , his responsibilities had changed : Instead of solely repairing vehicles he was ferrying British scientists around as they monitored nuclear explosions .
Johnstone , along with 8,000 other Australian army personnel , was working at Maralinga for the now infamous British nuclear - testing program .
After accompanying the science team to yet another detonation site one week , Johnstone fell ill : “ I was vomiting , had diarrhea and was constantly feeling awful .
I would have to wear these full body suits in the heat .
It was very uncomfortable . ”
His colleague put it down to food poisoning , but the symptoms persisted .
“ I went to a doctor , he told me I have classic signs of radiation sickness , ” Johnstone added .
In 1946 , due to threats of the Cold War escalating , Britain was determined to be part of the elite group of nations that owned nuclear weapons .
Scotland was briefly considered for the location of the tests , but in the end the barren desert of Australia was the chosen destination .
By 1953 , under the government of Clement Attlee , a testing program was initiated .
The first trials took place at the Montebello Islands , off the coast of Western Australia , then in Emu Fields in South Australia , but eventually a larger , more remote area was deemed necessary .
In 1955 , the British government announced a permanent site for the tests : Maralinga .
The name was assigned by anthropologists to mean thunderstorm and the area was the size of Greater London .
While the Maralinga Tjarutja people , native to the region , were removed , many continued to wander the land visiting their sacred areas , even after seven major and 550 minor " experiments " were carried out .
The tests churned through several tons of uranium and 44 pounds of plutonium .
Native tribes complained of birth deformities in the decade that followed .
Johnstone ’s generation was also not spared .
Members of the Australian military believe they were not adequately warned of the danger , and entered contaminated zones wearing shorts and T - shirts .
Their British counterparts wore protective suits .
Some have developed cancers and thyroid problems since , and complain that the Australian government has done very little to compensate them .
Just 2,000 of the 8,000 remain alive today .
Johnstone , who now heads the Australian Nuclear Veterans Association , attributes this to the effects of the testing .
Now , Aboriginal groups and veterans affected by the blasts plan to have their day in court .
A group , so far consisting of 250 people , are suing the British Ministry of Defense for the range of cancers , deformities and trauma that has been caused by radiation exposure .
They are represented , ironically , by London firm Hickman and Rose and the barrister — or Queen 's Counsel — for the case will be Cherie Booth , the wife of former Prime Minister Tony Blair .
Their claim is spearheaded by a class action , lodged by former British servicemen , who were given the green light last year to sue the British government .
Those seeking compensation will include families of the " Womera babies " — 60 infants , born within a decade of the testing who died shortly after birth .
And there will be 150 veterans like Johnstone .
“ We have been appealing to the government to do something about the veterans for a long time , ” said Johnstone .
“ Now all our mates are dead , our widows do n’t have the pensions they should and we have offspring with genetic problems .
The Australian government does n’t seem to be interested . ”
In 1993 , under the Paul Keating administration the Australian government received 20 million British pounds ex-gratia to settle all future compensation claims — a sum that is worth roughly $ 98 million today .
Veterans say they have not seen any of it .
“ I ca n’t get any sense from the government , ” said Tom Goudkamp the lawyer representing the Australian veterans .
“ No one can explain why none of this has gone to the veterans .
It ’s as if the Australian government has just pulled the shutters down . ”
Australia 's Minister for Veterans ' Affairs Alan Griffin recently told an Australian newspaper that the British money was used for site rehabilitation , and that the compensation status of nuclear veterans remains under review .
Maralinga ’s rehabilitation was a monumental $ 97 - million project .
Starting in 1993 , the efforts involved burying the top layer of contaminated soil in 16 - foot trenches , and plutonium - related apparatuses further underground , in 50 - foot trenches .
The trenches make up the one - seventh of the Maralinga land that is uninhabitable .
The rest of the 1,197 - square - mile parcel of land was ceremoniously returned to the Maralinga Tjarutja people in December 2009 .
Maralinga is still littered with relics from the testing : concrete slabs , fuel tanks and aluminium sheds .
There are rumors the new Aboriginal owners will build a museum for tourists in the area or turn it into an ecological site .
But Sue Packer , general manager of the Maralinga Tjarutja Council , says that those plans are distant .
“ For now the traditional owners are not looking to do much more than reconnect with their land . ”
OAKVILLE - Tim Hortons is preparing to serve up a new restaurant format as part of its expansion plans over the next three years .
The new restaurant concept will be piloted in at least 10 existing locations .
The redesign is intended to more sharply define Tim Hortons image with what the company calls “ enhanced finishes , fixtures and seating areas . ”
The iconic Ontario - based company known for its coffee , doughnuts and light meals says it expects 900 new stores of various formats by 2013 .
They would include 600 stores in Canada where Tim Hortons already has more than 3,000 locations under its banner .
Up to 60 locations in Canada will be converted to include the Cold Stone Creamery concept in partnership with an American ice cream chain .
The restaurant operator says it plans to spend $ 180 million to $ 200 million this year to support its growth initiatives .
The plans were outlined ahead of a Friday investors conference hosted by the Oakville - headquartered company , which currently has 563 locations in the United States .
The company is aiming for same - store sales growth of three per cent to five per cent in Canada and two per cent to four per cent in the United States .
It ’s also aiming to earn between $ 1.95 and $ 2.05 per share .
Beyond 2010 , Tims has set the goal of 12 per cent to 15 per cent compound annual average growth in earnings per share from 2011 to 2013 .
“ Our strategies will continue to transform Tim Hortons , not only adding significant scale but also introducing important additional growth layers to our business platform to extend our position as a leader in the North American restaurant industry , ” said Don Schroeder , president and CEO .
“ We are a growth company with significant long - term opportunities in Canada , and we are also excited by the prospects of continued profitable growth in the U.S. , and potentially internationally in the longer term . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Much of the growth in Canada this year will be focused on Quebec , western Canada and major urban locations .
In the United States , it will be focused on major regional markets such as New York , Ohio and Michigan .
The company says it plans to spread out from these bases , with about 30 per cent of its development activities between 2010 and 2013 in markets adjacent to its existing territories .
Read more about :
The NYT Veers Neocon Many American progressives do n’t want to recognize how bad the U.S. mainstream news media has become .
It ’s easier to praise a few exceptions to the rule and to hope that some pendulum will swing than to undertake the challenging task of building a new and honest media infrastructure .
Email
Printer friendly
But the hard reality is that the U.S. news media is getting worse , with now both premier national newspapers – the New York Times and the Washington Post – decidedly sliding into the neocon camp , where the likes of the Wall Street Journal have long resided .
For the Post , this may already be an old story , given its enthusiastic cheerleading for the Iraq War .
The Times , however , was a somewhat different story .
Yes , it did let Judith Miller and other staff writers promote the fictions about Iraq ’s WMD , but it had n’t sunk to the depths of the Post .
That is now changing as the Times – behind executive editor Bill Keller and editorial page editor Andrew Rosenthal – tosses aside all pretense of objectivity in the cause of seeking “ regime change ” in Iran , today ’s top priority for the neoconservatives .
At Consortiumnews.com , we have noted this trend for some months , not only in the New York Times opinion section but in its news columns where Iran ’s alleged interest in acquiring a nuclear weapon is trumpeted incessantly ( despite its denial of such a desire ) , while rogue nuclear states in the region ( such as Israel , Pakistan and India ) are given a pass .
[ See , for example , “ US Media Replays Iraq Fiasco in Iran . ” ]
This Sunday , the Times ’ bias was on display again in the lead editorial entitled , “ New Think and Old Weapons , ” which purported to examine the state of nuclear weapons in the world .
Fitting with the Times ’ deepening neocon tendencies , Iran ’s nuclear weapons ( even though they do n’t exist ) were a major topic , while the rogue nuclear states of Israel , Pakistan and India ( which have refused to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ) were n’t mentioned .
So , you had formulations like this : “ Iran , North Korea and others have seemingly unquenchable nuclear appetites ” and the need to “ bolster American credibility … to rein in Iran , North Korea and other proliferators . ”
In all , there were four such references to North Korea and Iran , but no specific references to Israel , Pakistan and India .
The Times also observed that China was “ the only major nuclear power adding to its arsenal [ which ] is estimated to have 100 to 200 warheads . ”
There was no mention of Israel , which is believed to possess one of the most sophisticated nuclear arsenals in the world , totaling some 200 or more devices .
Ironically , the Times editorial also cited problems of “ hypocrisy and double standards ” and noted that the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty was “ battered . ”
The Times did not seem at all embarrassed by its own hypocrisy and double standards .
Nor did it bother to note that one of the key reasons this “ bedrock ” treaty is in trouble is that non-signatories – like Israel , Pakistan and India – have built nukes , often with a wink and a nod from Washington .
As neocon propagandists pursue their goal of riling up the American public against some new foreign threat , that effort requires highlighting certain facts ( and even fictions ) .
But the propagandists equally must make sure that many inconvenient truths are conveniently forgotten .
Otherwise the alleged threat might not seem all that unusual or threatening .
So , in the world of neocon propaganda , Iran – a treaty signatory that has no nuclear weapons and insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes – must be endlessly badgered , but Israel – an undeclared rogue nuclear state with a vast arsenal – must be shielded from similar criticism and pressure .
That the New York Times has now embraced these neocon biases , almost with the ardor of the Washington Post , is a serious development for the U.S. news media and for the nation .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
A man with a stress - related headache massaging his head to relieve the pain .
Credit : Wellcome Library , London
( PhysOrg.com ) --
People who naturally notice negative information over positive information are more susceptible to stress , research has revealed .
The findings increase our understanding of what makes people vulnerable to stress and could lead to new forms of therapy .
Researchers from the University of Essex found that they could predict the body 's reaction to stress up to eight months after they measured a person 's bias towards positive or negative images .
The results suggest that biases towards noticing negative things - especially when they operate subconsciously - might predispose people to anxiety disorders .
In the study , around 100 students were tested three times over an eight - month period .
Subjects were first asked to fill in a questionnaire to assess their levels of anxiety and depression .
The researchers also measured the level of cortisol - a known physiological marker of stress - in their saliva .
To measure the participants ' reactions to positive and negative images the researchers flashed a variety of pictures very rapidly on a computer screen and asked particpants to detect small probes that appeared near the pictures .
Some people could detect the probes more quickly when they appeared near positive images such as smiling babies and playing puppies .
Others were quicker to notice the probes near negative images such as a snarling dog or pointed gun .
These biases were particularly strong when the images were presented so quickly that people could not consciously see them .
Four months later , the participants reactions to stress were tested following a lab - based stress test : each was asked to prepare and perform a five - minute speech presented to two of the researchers and a video camera .
At the eight - month mark , they were tested again , this time at a point with a real - life stressor - the students ' end of year exams .
Each participant was asked to give a short talk to one of the researchers and a camera on ' Have I prepared well enough for my exams ? '
The researchers found that those who had a strong subliminal bias towards negative , rather than positive , material showed a stronger physiological ( cortisol ) reaction to both laboratory - based and real - life stresses .
Furthermore , these bias measurements were much better for predicting subsequent stress than questionnaire measures of anxiety , depression and neuroticism .
" These biases are likely to be reliable early warning signs for vulnerability to anxiety , and open up possibilities for therapy , " said Professor Elaine Fox , who led the study .
The team 's previous research had identified a gene linked to a tendency to selectively avoid negative images and to pay attention to positive information .
They are now continuing their research to see whether using computer - based training could actively modify these biases in people 's attention and make them more resilient to traumatic life events .
Explore further Uncertainty can be more stressful than clear negative feedback
More information : Fox E et al .
Preconscious processing biases predict emotional reactivity to stress .
Biol Psychiatry 2010 [ Epub ahead of print ] .
Provided by Wellcome Trust News and features
By Captain Pyke | February 9 , 2010 - 11:25 pm
Imagine if you will , a bird of prey on the hunt during the Dominion war .
Slowly stalking it 's target , a Jem ' hadar fighter .
The Klingons uncloak and hit full impulse next to a red giant .
Focused solely on their prey , the great warriors inadvertently slingshot around the star and are sent back to the late 20th century .
Picking up distant radio waves , the communications officer pipes the transmission ship - wide .
The Klingons are intrigued by the most honorable and battle worthy anthem .
It 's Metallica 's " Shortest Straw " from " And Justice For All " .
I think if the Sons of Kahless had arrived in the 80's and were with us today , they would love early Metallica and probably tell great tales of Kirk Hammett 's guitaring prowess and James Hetfield 's battle worthy mustache .
Sure , they would really be into " Ride the Lightning " , " And Justice For All " , " Master of Puppets " , and " Kill 'em All " .
Definitely " Kill'em All " .
For the later albums ...
I 'm sure there would be many - a- ship - captain killed for suggesting a song from " Load " .
" I must hear ' Until it sleeps ' AGAIN ! " the Captain would demand .
His first officer boiling inside would shout " Your album has NO HONOR ! " Proceeded by a Mek 'leth to the neck .
I can see it all in my mind , hundreds of Klingons gathered in the great hall , every warrior joining in on a chorus of " Harvester of Sorrow " .
Clanging goblets of blood wine spill on the floor .
Suddenly , a hero emerges from the crowd .
It 's the Son of Mogh , sliding on his knees and performing a nausicaan slaying air guitar that would make Kahless proud .
No - one disputes that Edsger W. Dijkstra was a genius , and a legend of programming .
( Well , no - one except Rob Nagler . )
It seems incredible to me that his idea of structured programming was once considered a foolish affectation , or even that there was ever any dispute about it at all : but I remember all too well reading arguments about it in the early - eighties issues of Practical Computing and Personal Computer World .
Maybe it was an idea waiting to happen , or at least waiting to be popularised , but it seems we have Dijkstra to thank that the languages we do our work in are largely expressed in block - structured loops and conditionals rather than a maze of twisty little GOTO statements , all alike .
Dijkstra ’s Wikiquote page is full of gems , like this one ( which accords very nicely with Kernighan and Plauger ’s key quote ) :
“ The competent programmer is fully aware of the limited size of his own skull .
He therefore approaches his task with full humility , and avoids clever tricks like the plague . ”
I am right on board with that .
I ’m not so sure about his claim that “ Object - oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea which could only have originated in California ” , but I find it amusing so I am willing to give him a pass on that one .
But here is where I think he badly misread a common situation :
“ It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC : as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration ”
O RLY ?
First , to be fair , I should note that this quote is taken from a tongue - in - cheek short paper , How do we tell truths that might hurt ?
( 1975 ) — the same paper that contains the much - misquoted observation “ The use of COBOL cripples the mind ; its teaching should , therefore , be regarded as a criminal offence ” , which is usually given as being also about BASIC .
The whole paper is only 670 words long and well worth the couple of minutes it takes to read .
It ’s pretty clear from context that Dijkstra was exaggerating for comic effect ; but it ’s also clear that the thing he was exaggerating was something he really felt : that learning BASIC is of net negative value towards becoming a programmer .
But that conflicts with what we actually observe , and however beautiful a theory is it really ought to be checked against reality every now and then .
I know plenty of good programmers who cut their teeth on Microsoft BASIC on late - 1970s and early - 1980s micros .
( That ’s how I started out myself . )
So why have n’t we been mentally mutilated ?
Dijskstra would probably say that we have been , and that had we escaped early exposure to BASIC , we ’d be better then we are .
I suppose that ’s possible , and it ’s not something that can ever be resolved by experiment .
But I think the excellent ex-BASIC programmers that I know are excellent because of their exposure to that language .
I ’m not arguing here that BASIC was better than it ’s been given credit for .
It was n’t .
It was horrible .
The only available looping construct was the arithmetic FOR I=1 TO 10 loop ; the only conditional contstruct was an emasculated single - line IF … THEN that could n’t control a block ; all variables were global and their names were restricted to two significant characters .
If we wanted a WHILE loop , we had to build it using IF … THEN GOTO .
Subroutines were sort of supported , through the GOSUB statement , but RETURN could n’t yield an argument , so subroutine protocol had to be via changes in global state .
In the snow .
Uphill both ways .
And , kids , if you ’ve used Visual Basic .NET or some other not - really - BASIC - at - all , please realise that we are not talking about :
Public Function PercentageOf ( ByVal value1 As Integer , ByVal value2 As Integer ) As Integer Dim result As Integer result = ( value1 / value2 ) * 100 Return result End Function
We ’re talking about :
0 sys866:goto10 1 c$=c$ + " " : k=0 : d$ =n $ 2 k=k + 1 : a$ =left $ ( c$ , k ) : ifright $ ( a$ , 1 ) < > " " then2 3 b$ =mid$ ( c$ , k ) : ifleft $ ( b$ , 1 ) = " " thenk=k+1:goto3 4 ifb$= " " thenn $ = " ***" : goto6 5 b$ =left $ ( b$ , len ( b $ ) - 1 )
The ancient by - hand while - loop and “ maximum - significant - length - two - characters ” jobs bear as much relation to Visual Basic .NET as a packet of mixed nuts does to the entire west wing of the Sirian State Mental Hospital .
But I ’m arguing that the horribleness of BASIC was its virtue .
It forced us to think around corners .
It made us think through what the control structures really were , and how they were implemented .
Most of all , it made us hold a huge amount in our minds at once .
Programming in a language with no local variables means that you need to have a clear mental model of what every single variable is doing at every point in execution , for every possible code path .
I am not saying that ’s a good way to program .
It ’s not a good way to program .
It ’s a horrible way to program , and I am delighted that I do n’t have to do it any more .
But it ’s a fantastic exercise .
It develops mental muscles that you ’re going to need all through your career and which you ’re not likely to develop while doing any of the more productive activities you spend time on .
I think of it like tennis players weight - training .
When a top player lifts weights , he ’s applying more force than he will ever need to apply in a match .
The point is not to make him able to lift , I do n’t know , 16 tons or whatever it is that these guys can lift : the point is that when they have to apply a much lesser force in the course of a match , they can do it effortlessly .
They have that side of things covered , so their concentration can go into higher - level matters like shot selection and anticipation .
Or think of a classical pianist .
Someone playing Chopin ’s Etudes will be going through technical contortions that no normal piece would demand ; but because he has mastered those etudes , he ’s better able to deal with the demands that performance pieces throw at him .
( Admittedly this analogy is a bit spoiled by the fact that Chopin was a superhuman genius and his Etudes are glorious pieces of music in their own right as well as being technical studies . )
Anyway : like a weight - training tennis player , or like a pianist who has mastered the Etudes , so if our minds are stretched by dealing with programs stitched together with global variables and GOTOs , we ’ll be better equipped to cope with the lots - of - stuff - at - once complexity that our real programming demands we deal with .
Not only that , but I think programming in BASIC stretches the mind in a specific direction that other exercises do n’t , and that is a particularly relevant direction in modern programming environments .
What I mean is that while the exercise of , say , writing a correct quicksort is valuable for developing the ability to focus right down on a single complex problem , it does n’t really touch on the ability to think about a hundred things at once .
And I feel like I have to do that all the time , thanks to the innumerable libraries and languages that have to come together to make a modern web application .
The other day , I found myself working on a hunk of Perl embedded in HTML ( by the Mason module ) , where the role of the Perl was to dynamically generate a fragment of a JavaScript function which was to arrange for specific elements of the HTML form to be set to various values , which were themselves taken by Perl from a database .
I do n’t think that kind of thing is unusual .
But to do it right , you need to think about a lot of quoting levels at once — HTML encoding , Perl ’s string encoding , JavaScript quotes .
I do n’t think any amount of structured programming helps with that kind of frankly messy problem .
It ’s hard to get right .
( As anecdotal evidence in support of that assertion , I offer the information that I got it wrong twice myself before getting it right the third time . )
“ But Mike , what about all the bad habits that you learn from a language like BASIC ? ”
Yes , they are a problem .
Those bad habits do need to be unlearned , and the trick is of course to dump those spaghetti - code techniques while still retaining the mental muscle - memory that you built up while using them .
I guess most of us did n’t find that too hard : programming with WHILE loops comes pretty naturally .
So join me , please , as we raise a glass to the horrible BASIC dialects we grew up with ; we curse the bad habits they left us ( which we have hopefully long ago left behind ) but thank them for having broadened our mental capacity .
And finally …
I leave you with John McCarthy , the creator of Lisp .
( From here . )
Update ( 10 March 2010 )
A couple of discussions of this article elsewhere on the web :
Slashdot — some excellent observations here .
Reddit
Not much happening at Hacker News .
Advertisement
We 've been proponents of standing desks and treadputers for some time , but we 've also met with plenty of reader skepticism on the subject .
The New York Times examines why sitting all day is so bad for you , whether or not you exercise .
Advertisement
Based on the results of several recent studies , the Times ' Olivia Judson writes :
It does n't matter if you go running every morning , or you 're a regular at the gym .
If you spend most of the rest of the day sitting - in your car , your office chair , on your sofa at home - you are putting yourself at increased risk of obesity , diabetes , heart disease , a variety of cancers and an early death .
In other words , irrespective of whether you exercise vigorously , sitting for long periods is bad for you .
Indeed , if you consider only healthy people who exercise regularly , those who sit the most during the rest of the day have larger waists and worse profiles of blood pressure and blood sugar than those who sit less .
Among people who sit in front of the television for more than three hours each day , those who exercise are as fat as those who do n't : sitting a lot appears to offset some of the benefits of jogging a lot .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The post goes onto discuss why sitting for so long is such a problem , in two parts .
First , sitting really is " one of the most passive things you can do , " and second , " when you spend long periods sitting , your body actually does things that are bad for you . "
Head over to the NYT for more details , and see if you can't find a place to stand up while you read .
Thanks happygardeningmama002 !
Stand Up While You Read This !
[ NYT ]
( CNN ) -- NASA said Friday it had discovered water on the moon , opening " a new chapter " that could allow for the development of a lunar space station .
The discovery was announced by project scientist Anthony Colaprete at a midday news conference .
" I'm here today to tell you that indeed , yes , we found water .
And we did n't find just a little bit ; we found a significant amount " -- about a dozen , two - gallon bucketfuls , he said , holding up several white plastic containers .
The find is based on preliminary data collected when the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite , or LCROSS , intentionally crashed October 9 into the permanently shadowed region of Cabeus crater near the moon 's south pole .
After the satellite struck , a rocket flew through the debris cloud , measuring the amount of water and providing a host of other data , Colaprete said .
The project team concentrated on data from the satellite 's spectrometers , which provide the best information about the presence of water , Colaprete said .
A spectrometer helps identify the composition of materials by examining light they emit or absorb .
Although the goal of the $ 79 million mission was to determine whether there is water on the moon , discoveries in other areas are expected as studies progress , Colaprete and other scientists said at the briefing at NASA 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field near San Francisco , California .
" The discovery opens a new chapter in our understanding of the moon , " the space agency said in a written statement shortly after the briefing began .
Michael Wargo , chief lunar scientist at NASA headquarters in Washington , said the latest discovery also could unlock the mysteries of the solar system .
He listed several options as sources for the water , including solar winds , comets , giant molecular clouds or even the moon itself through some kind of internal activity .
The Earth also may have a role , Wargo said .
" If the water that was formed or deposited is billions of years old , these polar cold traps could hold a key to the history and evolution of the solar system , much as an ice core sample taken on Earth reveals ancient data , " NASA said in its statement .
" In addition , water and other compounds represent potential resources that could sustain future lunar exploration . "
Friday , February 19 , 2010
Image of Mr. Stack in 2006 .
On the popular social networking website Facebook , various groups commemorating disgruntled pilot Joseph Andrew Stack were formed on Thursday evening .
Earlier that day , in what has been described as an act of " domestic terrorism , " Stack intentionally crashed his small passenger plane into an Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) office building in Austin , Texas .
Stack is one of two reported fatalities ; the other is an IRS employee .
On the information page of the first group named " The Joe ' Take My Pound Of Flesh ' Stack Anti-IRS Fan Page , " one administrator wrote , " [ This page is ] dedicated to a man , frustrated as so many of us are with our corrupt , inept government , sacrificed his life to make a statement .
Will history see him as a patriot or terrorist ?
Depends on who is doing the writing . "
This particular group had approximately 250 members .
Another group called " The Philosophy of Joe Stack " apparently came out against the attack , yet sympathized with its reasons : " This page is NOT to glorify his actions , but simply to say that after reading his note , we can agree with ... Joe Stacks ' thoughts . "
However , one member went as far to suggest that the United States " need[ed ] a revolution " and " voting for a Democrat or a Republican is not revolutionary , it is big business as usual . "
A third group titled " Joseph Andrew Stack , we salute thee " was supposedly against violence towards others .
One administrator did write , " We hope that everyone is okay and accounted for .
It is our belief that his intention was not to hurt anyone , but just to prove a point . "
On the wall of a fourth group , known simply as " Joseph Andrew Stack , " creator Emily Walters of Louisville , Kentucky , wrote : " Finally an American man took a stand against our tyrannical government that no longer follows the constitution and is [ sic ] turned its back on its founding fathers and the beliefs this country was founded on . "
Facebook 's current logo .
" That so many have already contributed to Facebook page [s ] as ' fans ' of this terrorist attack on public servants is a truly appalling expression of extremism , which Americans will overwhelmingly reject , " Democratic Congressman Lloyd Doggett of Texas told The Politico regarding the creation and subsequent growth of said pages .
Facebook 's Statement of Rights and Responsibilities says that its users are prohibited from " post[ing ] content that is hateful , threatening , pornographic , or that contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence . "
Facebook has decided that it would be appropriate under said policy to delete these four groups .
Related news
See also
Sources
Following the recent promotion of Activision CFO Thomas Tippl to COO , reports have emerged of a significant company reorganization that sees Activision Blizzard split into four primary business units .
The four primary units are centered around the Infinity Ward - createdfranchise , other internal properties likeand , licensed properties owned by external parties , and Blizzard Entertainment , the last of which has effectively operated as an autonomous business unit since Activision 's merger with Vivendi .
News of the company 's new structure comes by way of internal memos obtained by The Los Angeles Times .
Activision representatives reportedly confirmed the news .
Activision has not yet announced the changes to the public or its shareholders , but may do so officially in its next round of quarterly financial statements .
Still , the company offered a recent clue as to its intentions when it detailed the new Call of Duty division being headed up by Philip Earl , announced soon after the ousting of Infinity Ward heads Jason West and Vince Zampella According to the Times ' reporting , the new licensed games unit will be led by Dave Oxford , current head of Minneapolis - based Activision Value .
The internal property group , which includesand , will be headed up by owned properties EVP Maria Stipp .
Blizzard will continue under the leadership of current president Mike Morhaime , who reports to Tippl under his new roles .
In 2007 , major competitor Electronic Arts announced a similar plan , splitting its publishing operations into four labels : EA Games , EA Sports , The Sims , and EA Casual .
Excuse me , but can I have a word with the 70 % of Americans who continuing keeping their money in big banks , like Bank of America , CitiBank , Wells Fargo and such ?
Come closer .
A little closer .
I want to be able to give you a well - earned dope - slap while I ask ;
WHAT THE HELL's THE MATTER WITH YOU ?
ARE YOU STUPID !?
Jesus H. Christ , what 's it going to take before you people stop doing business with the enemy ?
You 're like abused spouses who are slapped around and slapped around again and again by your big bank and keep crawling back for more .
If this behavior did n't hurt the rest of us I 'd be delighted to just let you get the shit beat out of you until your big bank bleeds you white .
That would be Darwinism at it 's most effective .
But , thanks to the fact that 90 % of America 's household savings are deposited in these big banks means that your self - destructive banking habits are fueling the very financial services juggernauts that have repeatedly devastating the lives , homes , families and savings of average working Americans .
And not just once , but time and time and time again .
Are you listening goddamnit !
And why do you do it ?
“ Ah , well ... because ...... well , you know ... ah , there 's a Wells Fargo Branch on Main Street ... and ... well , it would be such a hassle moving my account to our hometown community bank .
You know , new checks and credit cards and such .
I do n't like my bank at all , but it 's just easier to leave it with Wells . ”
Is that how you make all your financial decisions ?
I hope not .
I assume when you 're about to make a big ticket purchase , like furniture or a new car , you shop around for the best price and quality and service ?
But when it comes to where you bank all you care about is that the big bank is a quarter mile closer to your home or office or that you parents banked there or that they give you a ( usurious interest ) credit card ?
That 's it ?
That 's the reason you bank with Tumor Bank of America ?
Sucker .
No wonder nearly 70 % of Americans nearing retirement age have less than $ 55,000 in savings to retire on .
My god people .
Putting your hard - earned money with a big bank is like Mr. & Mrs. Chicken entrusting their chicks to Col. Sanders Prep School .
As it becomes increasingly clear that Congress is not about to pass anything that even resembles comprehensive financial reform , big banks , freshly rejuvenated by $ 700 billion pints of taxpayer plasma , are positioning themselves for the next round of looting and pillaging .
And why not .
They made hundreds of billions of dollars off the last round and all they had to endure was a tongue lashing from members of Congress -- after which they savved their wounds with hundreds of million of dollars in " performance bonuses . "
So , you ask , what 's the alternative ?
And what will it cost you to switch ?
Well , you drive and walk by that solution every day ... your local community bank or your local credit union .
And it 's not going to " cost " you anything .
In fact you 're likely to come out ahead .
Not only do small banks provide exactly the same services as the big banks , but they do so at a lower cost , pay higher returns to depositors and --- are you sitting down ?-- they are still making loans to local homebuyers and local small businesses -- even as the big guys you just saved claim they just can't do either right now .
Proof ?
You want proof ?
( Can you handle the proof ? )
If so the Internet is lousy with proof that small banks beat large banks on virtually every single measure .
Just do a Google search under " Big banks vs. Small Banks , " and you 'll have a month 's worth of reading on your hands .
AM BESTS business analysts compared the two and take a look for yourself :
Community Bank Advantages Challenge Historical Assumptions
A bank ’s size alone can have less to do with its performance , safety and soundness than would be expected , based on A.M. Best ’s analysis of data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . and other , qualitative factors .
Various operating models carry key advantages and disadvantages , as Best delineated by a threshold of $ 5 billion in assets between small and large banks .
•
Despite common industry perceptions that large commercial banks have greater safety and earnings power than community banks , a bank ’s assets do n’t necessarily equate to economies of scale , diversification of risk and market power .
•
Small community banks generally have smaller scale and less diversification , but their local owner - managers provide stability , and they draw strength from focusing on their local communities and limiting risk .
•
Larger institutions historically have tended to take on more leverage and complex risk exposures , and they also may forego diversification to assume concentrated risk in certain regions or in certain products , such as subprime mortgages .
• Relative risk aside , community banks are better capitalized according to certain regulatory capital ratios , including the Tier 1 risk based capital and tangible common equity .
•
Community banks are less susceptible to downswings in bank - ing cycles , as shown by more gradual declines in median return on assets and return on equity compared with larger banks ..
[ Full report with graphs ]
Why is this not more widely understood ?
Well , ask the New York Times or most other large media outlets .
They are always way behind the curve when it comes to reporting emerging financial news .
Mostly they come along after each crash to explain to us everything they failed to warn of when it would have done some good .
But if you look hard enough you can find some stories that support the Best study :
As big banks falter , community banks do fine Christian Science Monitor | Unlike banks on Wall Street , these smaller banks did n’t invest in risky mortgage - backed securities or complex derivatives .... While they account for less than 10 percent of America ’s total banking assets , their traditional , values - based approach contains plenty of lessons for their larger Wall Street counterparts , some analysts say .
But there ’s another component as well , says William Attridge , president of the Wethersfield , Conn . - based bank :
Most community bankers know their customers .
“ We ’re lending to small businesses , and in small businesses the individual is a significant part of that , ” he says .
“ There ’s a character component :
That means we might make loans that possibly someone else would n’t if they just looked at the financials , because we know the individual well and what their resources and talents are .
On the other hand , there are probably some [ loans ] that look good on paper that we would n’t make . ”
During the Great Depression , there were more than 30,000 banks in the US , and most of them were small .
The majority of banks that failed were small , while the few bigger banks that existed weathered the economic turmoil better .
Today , the flip side is happening .
Four large banks were responsible for half of the $ 26 billion in losses reported by the banking industry during the fourth quarter of 2008 , according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . ( FDIC ) .
[ Full Story ]
Okay , that 's enough from me .
Get your damn money out of those cancerous leviathan banks and into a local bank or credit union .
( If you choose a credit union , by the way , your new credit card will be limited by law to 18 % interest . )
And you 're tired of those BofA checks anyway .
Here 's a chance to get a new look to your checks .
Oh , and by doing this , you 'll be doing your part in returning banking to its roots , keeping local savings working locally , rather than fueling multi-million dollar bonuses and fueling the next financial bullshit - bubble .
We have met the enemy and it is YOU .
Now watch this and be ashamed of yourself .
_______
newsforreal.com
About author Stephen Pizzo is the author of numerous books , including " Inside Job : The Looting of America 's Savings and Loans , " which was nominated for a Pulitzer .
His web site is Stephen Pizzo is the author of numerous books , including " Inside Job : The Looting of America 's Savings and Loans , " which was nominated for a Pulitzer .
His web site is News For Real
As excited as I am about the slew of Android - driven tablets and other non-phone devices coming out in the new few weeks and months , the lack of the official Android Market on many of them is dampening my enthusiasm .
Android is a great OS , but without apps it 's pretty limited .
The manufacturers behind these devices usually offer their own app stores , but it takes time to build numbers .
Just ask Palm .
So what 's an Android lover to do ?
Do n't despair , there are ways to install your favorite apps on your tablet , eReader , or other large - screen device .
You just need to find the app's APK ( installation ) file .
Once you have it , you can just click to install and you 're set .
No promises that the app will install or work , but at least you can try .
Here are 5 easy ways to find your favorite Android apps :
Download the APK from the developer 's website .
Some developers allow users to download the file from their websites even if they 're available through the Android Market .
Depending on the developer , you may also find versions of the app optimized for larger screens .
Search third - party app stores .
No , the official Google Market is n't the only one .
There are many independent repositories such as Get Jar , AndAppStore , SlideME , AndroidFreeware.org , Brothersoft , and Androlib .
You should also check out the app stores created for specific devices , as they may allow you to search and download from a web browser , like the Camangi Marketplace .
Some of these markets have a store app that works similarly to the Android Market , installing the apps for you .
Haunt device - specific forums and websites .
If an Android gadget is lucky enough to have gathered a fanbase , those dedicated users are likely on the hunt for their favorite apps , too .
You may be able to find a forum topic , FAQ , or a wiki with links to APK files for popular free apps or repositories .
For instance , the users at ArchosFans have had months to find and test a variety of apps they can't find in Archos ' app library .
They 've even created a dedicated wiki page for them with download links .
Google It . Sometimes the easiest thing to do is simply search for [ app name ] APK and see what comes up .
You might find it on a buried page on the developer 's website or repository .
Be careful , though , because many hits will come from anonymous uploads on file storage or torrent sites .
Do n't download a virus in your zeal to obtain your favorite note - taking app .
Get them from your Android phone .
If you have access to the official market then you can grab almost any APK from your phone .
First , download something that will allow you to make backups of your apps .
I like Astro File Manager because it allows me to choose which apps to back up .
On the app's main screen , tap the Menu button > Tools > Application Manager / Backup .
Choose the apps you 'd like to move to your tablet , then tap Backup .
Once that 's done , connect your phone to your PC , find the ' backups ' folder , then copy the APK files to your computer or storage device , then transfer them to your Android device .
You may not be able to make copies of every app , and transferring paid ones may break the TOS or EULA , so be mindful .
Using your favorite apps on all of your Android devices is the first step to Android bliss .
If there 's one you can't find or discover does n't work with your gadget , drop a line to the developers .
The tablets are coming fast and furious this year , and Android 's life outside of phones may be more robust and rewarding than they realize .
Kate Beaton
Part one was so much fun , who could resist more ?
Other news :
You remember
Oh hey , here is something you will enjoy .
p.s. my friends I know it 's " thou 'rt , " this is a comic well known for lack of punctuation among other things and believe me , it 's on purpose .
Just doin ' my job !
A Book By its Gorey Cover , Pt 2 Part one was so much fun , who could resist more ?
Other news :
You remember this comic ?
Check out what Aaron Kaplan has made
Oh hey , here is something you will enjoy .
This new comic by Mark Siegel .
It has sailors and mermaids and great art and storytelling , what is not to like ?p.s. my friends I know it 's " thou 'rt , " this is a comic well known for lack of punctuation among other things and believe me , it 's on purpose .
Just doin ' my job !
Store !
put on oatmeal ketchup and then wash face off and then put olive oil then put sugar on your face then put some cream of wheat on your face for then night .
it really truly does work !!!
my bff's and i did it and we looked like models !
no lie !
Dear Criterion collectors ,
Our three least favorite initials : OOP .
Since we launched the Criterion Collection more than twenty - five years ago , we ’ve endeavored to keep everything we ’ve published in print .
But despite our efforts to renew rights , we are losing a large group of titles from StudioCanal at the end of March , and we wanted to give you advance notice that our editions will be going out of print .
Until we ’re out of stock , we will be offering these titles at an additional $ 5 off on our website .
The titles are going to Lionsgate , and we do n’t know when they may be rereleased .
As ever , we will continue to try to relicense the films so that they can rejoin the collection sometime in the future .
Here are the titles that will soon be out of print :
Alphaville
Carlos Saura ’s Flamenco Trilogy ( Eclipse Series 6 )
Le corbeau
Coup de torchon
Diary of a Country Priest
The Fallen Idol
Forbidden Games ( Criterion and Essential Art House editions )
Gervaise ( Essential Art House edition )
Grand Illusion ( Criterion and Essential Art House editions )
Le jour se lève ( Essential Art House edition )
Last Holiday ( Essential Art House edition )
Mayerling ( Essential Art House edition )
The Orphic Trilogy
Peeping Tom
Pierrot le fou ( DVD and Blu-ray editions )
Port of Shadows
Quai des Orfèvres
The Small Back Room
The Tales of Hoffmann ( Criterion and Essential Art House editions )
Trafic
Le trou
Variety Lights ( Essential Art House edition )
The White Sheik
Take note : this may be your last chance to pick up spine number 1 from the collection .
Happy viewing !
The Criterion Collection
For all its stolid reputation , Germany has become surprisingly flexible , says Brooke Unger ( interviewed here ) .
But it needs to keep working at it
ULM , like many German towns , is arrayed around a central church like an expectant congregation .
Its Gothic spire is the tallest in the world .
The city is also famous for being the birthplace of Albert Einstein .
But Ulmers do not live in the past .
They are too busy making things , or working out how to make them better , and dispatching them to the rest of the world .
The family - owned Mittelstand firms that cluster in and around this modest town alongside the Danube river were among the prime beneficiaries of Germany 's export boom , the main source of growth until the world economy slumped in late 2008 .
That disaster has not shaken Ulm 's self - confidence .
Since the financial crisis Germany 's economy has shrunk more than most , by around 5 % in 2009 ( see chart 1 ) .
That of Baden - Württemberg , Ulm 's home state , dived by as much as 8 % .
But the region around Ulm itself held up better than the rest of the state because its economy is diversified , reckons Otto Sälzle , managing director of the region 's chamber of industry and commerce .
Some local firms are in hard - hit industries like cars and machine tools but many are not :
Ulm also makes pharmaceuticals and James Bond 's favourite firearm , the Walther PPK .
The region 's unemployment rate rose from 3.3 % to 4.6 % , still well below the national rate .
“ We are the strongest region in Germany , ” crows Mr Sälzle .
Feistiness is an all - German trait these days , bolstered rather than subdued by the crisis .
Although Germany 's economy has plunged , its unemployment rate has so far barely budged , a “ German miracle ” , economists proclaim ( see chart 2 ) .
As the global economy recovers , Germany 's will do better than the rest by selling cars , chemicals and capital goods to markets such as China , India and Brazil .
“ Germany is still outfitter to the world , ” says Bert Rürup , a former head of the government 's council of economic “ wise men ” .
The crisis seemed to discredit the “ Anglo - Saxon model ” of growth based on financial wizardry and property bubbles — and vindicate the German one , in which workers co-operate with bosses , managers invest for the long term and manufacturing holds pride of place over services .
The chancellor , Angela Merkel , is promoting a “ charter for international economic management ” based on Germany 's “ social - market ” principles .
Crisis - prone members of the euro zone could cure their woes by becoming more like Germany , many Germans think .
Its hottest export could be the German model itself .
Repeat after me
Germany does have some important lessons to teach the world , as this special report will explain .
But the idea that Germany has got everything worked out requires some big qualifications .
It has an ageing population , a growing share of which is either of non-German origin or poorly educated , or both .
And Germany 's towering export surpluses are at risk because its trading partners cannot sustain deficits for ever .
Strikingly , too , the German model is no longer all that German .
Over the past decade the country has rewritten its recipe for success , incorporating many foreign ingredients , including some from the much - maligned Anglo - Saxons .
Ulm shows that a springy economy makes the challenges easier to tackle but does not remove them .
People with a “ migration background ” — immigrants , their children and grandchildren ( including ethnic Germans who arrived after the fall of the Berlin Wall ) — account for 37 % of the city 's 116,000 inhabitants and a majority of its children under ten .
Those who came as “ guest workers ” in the 1950s and 1960s quickly adopted Swabian habits of thrift and hard work , says Ulm 's mayor , Ivo Gönner , but “ the kids have problems . ”
Many are unsure where they belong ; some have not mastered German .
Ulm and Neu Ulm , its Bavarian sibling across the river , became briefly notorious in 2007 when police captured would - be terrorists who were on the verge of blowing up American installations in Germany .
Two of the suspects , one a convert to Islam , belonged to radical outfits in the twin towns .
These have nothing to do with the established immigrant community , Mr Gönner insists .
But foreigners are often associated with the threat of terrorism .
A bigger worry is what will happen as ageing Swabians retire .
By 2025 a quarter of the workforce will be older than 55 , compared with 15 % now , and the number of school - leavers will shrink by a third .
Within ten years the region will be short of 60,000 workers , 7,500 of them engineers , the soul of the Mittelstand .
Mr Sälzle wonders whether the next generation is ready to step in .
“ We 've imported the educational problems of Turkey and Italy , ” he says .
Integrating young immigrants into the workforce is the “ biggest challenge by far ” .
Much therefore depends on how gracefully Germany becomes greyer and browner .
Other countries have even fewer babies , but none “ has such long - term experience in low fertility ” , notes Reiner Klingholz of the Berlin Institute for Population and Development .
The number of children per woman dropped below the replacement rate of 2.1 in the 1970s .
The women born then in relatively small numbers are in turn having small families .
Until 2002
Germany let in enough immigrants to stave off demographic decline , but the influx has slowed .
In 2008 , for the first time in a quarter - century , more people left the country than came in .
The newcomers are not as well educated as the native Germans , but they have more babies .
Ulm is not unusual .
In some towns in the Ruhr region the share of under - fives with migrant backgrounds tops 60 % .
Overall , they account for a third of the youngest children .
By mid-century half the population will have non-German origins , says Klaus Bade , head of the Expert Council for Integration and Migration in Berlin .
By then Germany will be a different sort of place .
It will have 8 m - 14 m fewer people than it does now , and perhaps a smaller population than Britain and France .
If Turkey joins the European Union Germany could be pushed into fourth place , the spot Italy occupies now .
Germany 's economy will shrink relative to that of its neighbours .
If it is not careful , so will its living standards .
It will have more pensioners and fewer workers .
One possible future is that it will become less innovative and less productive , and indeed less German in ways it would not welcome .
But that is not inevitable .
The great thaw
Germany strikes people as being set in its ways .
Revolutions , whether of the Thatcherite sort in Britain or the spasms of discontent in France , hold little appeal .
From history 's convulsions Germany has learnt to prize a quiet life .
The fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and unification a year later was excitement enough for a while .
Change , if it must happen , is painstakingly negotiated by everyone concerned , from political parties to the governments of the 16 Länder ( states ) to the “ social partners ” ( trade unions and employers ' representatives ) .
Yet the country has spent the past decade smashing its own taboos .
In 1999 it sent its armed forces into battle for the first time since the second world war as part of a NATO operation to protect Kosovo from Yugoslavia .
In the same year Germany reluctantly surrendered the D - mark , an anchor of its post - war identity , in favour of the euro , with notes and coins appearing in 2002 .
In 2000 the government changed the definition of what it is to be German , which had been based on bloodlines since imperial days , by giving non-ethnic Germans born in the country a right to citizenship .
Meanwhile “ Deutschland AG ” , the clannish system of cross - shareholdings among banks and enterprises , was killed off by Anglo - Saxon notions , and no one wants it back .
That brought “ more shareholder democracy into the real economy ” , says Frank Mattern , who heads the German operation of McKinsey , a consultancy .
More contentious than all of these was a series of economic reforms prompted by stubbornly high unemployment and intimations of demographic decline .
Agenda 2010 , the handiwork of a left - wing coalition of Social Democrats and Greens in 1998 - 2005 led by Gerhard Schröder , tried to tackle many of Germany 's economic maladies .
It made joblessness more painful but provided more support for jobseekers .
That , along with buoyant world trade , seemed to help .
Unemployment dropped from 5 m in 2005 to 3 m in 2008 ; in the last two years of the upswing long - term unemployment fell by 40 % .
But Agenda 2010 both symbolised and contributed to changes in economic and social relations that Germans find unsettling .
New forms of work and welfare spread : “ mini- jobs ” , temporary employment and , most menacingly , Hartz IV , the handout that awaits anyone who does not find a job quickly .
Workers in western Germany were already scrambling to compete with more flexible eastern Germans and cheap labour on Germany 's doorstep in central Europe , and Agenda 2010 increased the pressure .
This did wonders for competitiveness , sharpening Germany 's dependence on exports , but wages stagnated and the middle class shrank even as high - income earners enjoyed a tax cut .
Germany 's income distribution was fast becoming less equal .
Punishing the messenger
In the 2005 election voters evicted Mr Schröder from power and demoted his Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) to second fiddle in a grand coalition led by Mrs Merkel 's conservative Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) .
Disgruntlement with Mr Schröder 's reforms fuelled the rise of the ex-communist Left Party , largely at the SPD 's expense .
Mrs Merkel proved to be more social democratic than her combative predecessor .
She avoided giving offence , sought consensus , inched reform forward when she could and back when she thought she had to .
In last September 's elections she was rewarded with a victory that allowed her to boot out the SPD from her government and form a more coherent , supposedly more reform - minded coalition with her preferred partner , the liberal Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
Germany may not need another abrupt shake - up .
It no longer suffers from an arthritic labour market , an obese state or a suffocating tax burden .
As the labour force shrinks , the number of jobs is likely to become less of a worry than the number and quality of people available to fill them .
But this special report will show that plenty of problems remain to be solved .
Between 2000 and 2009 the share of Germans who considered society unfair jumped from 54 % to 71 % .
The state is better at supporting idle citizens than preparing them for today 's world of work .
Social welfare is not yet ready for the coming demographic storm .
The economic recovery is still shaky and , if it lasts , will be followed by years of fiscal belt - tightening .
Unless export surpluses keep rising , Germany will need to find new sources of growth .
Mrs Merkel 's job is not to haul Germany out of a ditch but to retune the engines of its success — in some ways a harder task .
Oestrogen breakthrough gives hope to inoperable prostate cancer victims
Deadly therapy - resistant prostate cancer could be overcome with a treatment based on the female hormone oestrogen .
The secret is to target a particular tumour molecule that responds to the hormone , tests reveal .
Growth of prostate cancer is usually associated with androgen male hormones , such as testosterone .
Hope :
The breakthrough is great news for the thousands of men battling prostate cancer
But men carry a certain amount of oestrogen , the female sex hormone .
The new research indicates that biological pathways involving oestrogen can be used to combat prostate cancer .
Oestrogen binds to specific receptors on the surfaces of cells - molecules that trigger biochemical effects when stimulated .
Prostate tumours are known to carry two oestrogen receptors .
One of them , the beta oestrogen receptor , causes cancer cells to commit suicide when activated , the research shows .
Conventional hormone treatment for prostate cancer that has not been cured by surgery or radiotherapy involves blocking the effects of androgens , or cutting off their supply .
Australian scientists carrying out the new research developed a drug that selectively targets beta oestrogen receptors .
Professor Gail Risbridger , from Monash University in Victoria , which co-led the study , said : ' It not only inhibits the growth of prostate cancer but also kills off cancer cells that are resistant to conventional treatment such as androgen deprivation therapy , more commonly known as castration therapy , and does so using a mechanism that is different to castration .
' The team at Monash University has discovered how this compound working through the beta receptors targets a small , but very important , population of cells in the tumour .
It is a significant piece of the puzzle that will help medical research in this field - an achievement that could eventually enhance treatment options for patients around the world with advanced prostate cancer . '
After making the discovery in animals , the scientists repeated the results using human cells and tissues from prostate cancer patients .
The findings were published last month in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Each year around 35,000 men in the UK are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 10,000 die from the disease .
Breakthrough : Professor Gail Risbridger from Victoria 's Monash University led the research
' This research .. provides me with the imperative to conduct basic biomedical research where the fundamental outcomes such as those we describe may ultimately translate into more effective ways to treat prostate cancer , ' Prof .
Risbridger added .
Dr Helen Rippon , head of research management at The Prostate Cancer Charity , said : ' Hormone therapy to block the actions of androgens , or male hormones , is the mainstay of treatment for men with advanced prostate cancer that has spread beyond the confines of the prostate .
' Although hormone therapy can control the cancer for many years , prostate tumours eventually stop responding and resume growth .
This is thought to be because small groups of cancer cells emerge within the tumour that are no longer dependent on androgens to survive and thrive .
' This study looks specifically at new ways to kill prostate cancer cells once they have become androgen resistant .
It identifies another hormone pathway , controlled by oestrogens , which could be a promising target for the development of new treatments .
This research shows that ' switching this pathway on ' can force the androgen - resistant cells to ' commit suicide ' .
' Although this research is still at a comparatively early stage , it does suggest that oestrogen - based drugs could be developed and tested specifically for late - stage prostate cancer treatment .
' We are pleased to see researchers taking on this important issue because , sadly , once prostate cancer has become resistant to anti-androgen therapy , there is a dearth of effective treatments available .
Men with later stages of the disease can be left feeling that they have very few options left and this needs to change - as rapidly as possible . '
Wooden Churches in the Russian North
British architectural photographer Richard Davies is exhibiting a series of stunningly beautiful images of endangered , centuries - old Wooden Churches in the Russian North at the Museum of Finnish Architecture from March to May .
Here ’s a selection of the photographs that will be on display .
If you ca n’t make it to Helsinki , be sure to stop by his website for more .
From the exhibition catalogue :
“ Old postcards made the English photographer Richard Davies travel to northern Russia in 2002 to find out what was left of the wooden churches depicted in the cards .
The churches had been photographed by the Russian artist Ivan Bilibin in 1902 – 04 , and already then the photographer was worried about their condition .
Davies followed Bilibin ’s footsteps on several travels in successive years .
Many churches had been lost and many were threatened by destruction .
Still , much was left to celebrate .
The integrity between the landscape and the architecture was as striking as before , the simple log cabin construction with extravagant decorations was just as startling , and even in decay these churches had a spiritual presence commanding respect .
With his pictures Davies wishes to help preserve this extraordinary cultural heritage . ”
Polya , Karelia region , Church of the Prophet Elijah ( 18th C )
Ratonavolok , Arkhangel region Church of St. Peter and St. Paul ( 1722 )
collapsed Church of St. Nicholas ( 1727 )
Rakuly , Arkhangel region , Church of the Resurrection ( 1766 )
Turchasovo , Arkhangel region , Church of the Transfiguration ( 1781 )
Varzuga , Murmansk region , Church of the Assumption ( 1674 ) Tulgas , Arkhangel region , Church of St Blaise ( 18th C ) Predtecha , Vologda region , Church of St John the Baptist ( 1776 ) Predtecha , Vologda region , Church of St John the Baptist ( 1776 ) Podporozhye , Arkhangel region , Church of St Vladimir ( 1757 ) Podporozhye , Arkhangel region , Church of St Vladimir ( 1757 ) Podporozhye , Arkhangel region , Church of St Vladimir ( 1757 ) Imzha , Arkhangel region , Church of the Virgin Hodigitria ( 1763 ) Izma , Arkhangel region , Church of the Transfiguration of the Saviour ( 1679 ) Saunino , Arkhangel region , Church of St John Chrysostom ( 1655 ) Saunino , Arkhangel region , Church of St John Chrysostom ( 1655 ) “ Many churches have been saved by dedicated specialists and enthusiasts , whose untiring work goes on .
We hope that the photographs in this exhibition will help raise public awareness of the plight of these wonderful buildings and that more restoration projects will attract the funding they deserve .
During our travels , the story of the hardships of the last century has been unavoidably felt – a story of Revolution , War , Communism and severe Northern winters .
The photographs also tell of the lives of resilient people who have lived through extreme times in extreme places – a story of the Russian North . ”
Matilda Moreton , Richard Davies
London August 2007 London August 2007
KITE BAN : A kite festival in Pakistan has been branded ' immoral ' and dangerous by officials , who have banned it .
A ban on a decades - old and colourful tradition of kite - flying has riled many Pakistanis , but authorities say the sport has killed people and encourages " immoral " celebrations .
The annual kite - flying festival of Basant , which marks the start of spring in eastern Punjab , involves aerial duels in which participants try to bring down each other 's kites using string coated in a sticky paste of ground - up glass or metal .
Women dress in their most brilliant colours for what 's become a major festival drawing thousands of celebrants to Lahore as well as multinational companies that rent rooftops for clients and guests .
" It 's our culture , " said Shoaib Mehmood Naqeebi , a shopkeeper in Lahore .
" Our forefathers were celebrating it .
It 's an event where we share happiness with family and friends .
It 's fun .
It 's harmless . "
But Pakistan 's Supreme Court banned kite - flying nationwide in 2005 in response to an outcry over injuries and deaths caused every year by the glass - coated string .
The court added that the ban could be lifted for a limited period if a city requests it .
But last month , the Lahore High Court turned down a request for lifting the ban for the Basant festival .
Every year , Pakistani media report dozens of deaths and injuries caused by the high - flying duels , mainly of children and motorcyclists whose throats are sometimes cut by the string .
For many fans in Punjab , it 's an unfair decision , one that costs the city and its merchants money .
" Look at what 's happening in this country , " said Syed Nazim Ali , a student of business administration at Punjab University .
" Every day you hear news about blasts , suicide bombings and war .
So what if I get a day or two for entertainment with my family ? "
The government should concentrate on more serious crimes instead of bothering with banning kite - flying , he said .
Sajjad Bhutta , the top district official for Lahore , said the government would defend the ban because the issue is not only public safety .
" Immoral acts like drinking and dance parties have become part of it , " he said .
" You cannot raid each house so an event that spreads immorality and causes death cannot be allowed in a Islamic society . "
Islamist groups also oppose kite flying , branding it a Hindu festival that promotes gambling .
In the 1990s , the Afghan Taliban infamously banned kite - flying , a restriction that figured prominently in the popular novel and movie , " The Kite Runner . "
But the ban also affects kite merchants , the Punjab Kite - Flying Association says , causing unemployment and financial losses in the millions of rupees .
After the ban , Naqeebi said , he rented out his shop and started selling beads in the driveway of his home .
" Nobody cares how difficult my life is now . "
Another merchant , Shahid Hussain , said his earnings had been reduced by 75 percent from what he used to make selling kites and string .
Bhutta , the district administrator , dismissed claims of lost business .
" There is no big economic impact , as people were mostly selling kites as a side business , " he said .
The controversy has become political .
Punjab governor Salman Taseer in mid-February announced on local television that he would celebrate Basant in defiance of the ban .
Lahore police also detained the kite - flying association 's secretary general Sheikh Salim on February 20 after he announced that Basant would take off on March 7 .
The district government wo n't listen to his arguments , he said .
" They do n't care about us and people attached to this business , " he added .
" They have made up their minds . "
Explore
More from the same collection
Comatose iguanas have been dropping from the trees and pythons have frozen to death in their tracks in Florida 's unusually harsh winter , wildlife officials said today .
Parts of the Sunshine State saw their second snowfall of the season this weekend , with the extended cold spells killing off a host of tropical intruders , including iguanas , Burmese and African pythons and invasive fish .
State wildlife officials said more than half of the green iguanas , which are native to South America , could have been killed off .
" The iguanas up in the trees just got so cold , they kind of went very , very sluggish , and just fell down , " said Jenny Tinnell , a biologist with Florida 's Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission .
Residents of south Florida , who have discovered the animals on their patios , have tried to warm them back to life .
Local newspapers , meanwhile , have been warning homeowners not to let their dogs gnaw on iguana corpses , which may be poisonous .
In the Everglades , trackers licensed by the state have discovered the decaying corpses of three African rock pythons , which can reach over 20ft and can kill people .
State officials believe up to half of the Burmese pythons have also died , along with large numbers of invasive fish .
The python die - off could be helpful to wildlife officials .
The alien constrictors , many of them abandoned pets , have been taking over portions of the Everglades , threatening native species .
Last month , the Obama administration said it was considering a ban on nine species of giant snake .
" The fish and wildlife commission has no problem with nature naturally knocking back those populations , " said Tinnell .
But the harsh winter is also harming natives such as the manatee , which is an endangered species .
Long periods of cold weaken their immune systems .
Officials said about 200 manatee carcasses have washed up on shore since the beginning of the year .
Dozens of crocodiles have also died .
The extreme temperatures also prompted a rescue effort last month for endangered sea turtles .
Officials plucked more than 4,000 from chilly waters , bathing them in warm salt water to revive them .
EUCLID , Ohio --
The deteriorating noise walls on Interstate 90 in Euclid will be replaced this summer in a $ 3 million project the Ohio Department of Transportation admits is badly needed .
" We got many , many complaints about how ugly they are looking , " said Jocelynn Clemings , spokeswoman for the ODOT district that includes Euclid .
Work last summer to patch and paint the 17 - year - old concrete walls between East 200th and East 260th streets and install " Euclid " icons did n't help , she said .
Euclid Mayor Bill Cervenik agreed .
" I really started getting calls after that because people thought they were n't going to be replaced , " he said .
And the walls looked even worse because they are just west of recently installed concrete noise walls in Wickliffe , extending over the Euclid border , that look like burnished red brick , he said .
The 15 - to 20 - foot high aging walls , stretching for 2.5 miles on the north side of the highway , were among the first of group of sound barriers built in Northeast Ohio in 1993 .
At that time ODOT built 9.3 miles of walls on Interstates 90 , 71 , 271 and 480 .
ODOT said last year it did n't know when funding would be available to replace the walls .
Cervenik said he sent the agency a letter last November that included photos of portions of the wall where chunks of concrete had fallen out .
He said he also contacted legislators and Gov. Ted Strickland 's office .
ODOT amended this year 's budget to include the wall project .
The contract is to be awarded in June .
Federal funds will cover 90 percent of the cost and state funding the remainder .
The existing concrete walls , which have a hollow center , will be replaced with solid concrete panels with a red - brick treatment similar to those in Lake County , ODOT said .
The agency will install a concrete sleeve over the existing steel columns between the panels .
A little commentary on Judith Curry ’s attempt at bridge building seems in order .
First , it ’s impressive that she took the time to make the effort and stick her neck out a bit , she is one of the few climate scientists who has begun to come to grips with the breadth of the problem created .
For her efforts she was uniformly blasted across blogland , the advocates at RC would n’t even post her article despite being involved in the development .
Climate fraudvocate , Joe Romm tore her up as hard as he could .
Willis Eschenbach , wrote an excellent piece at WUWT on the matter which I encourage everyone to read and Lucia has her own take on how to fix the science .
None of our commentary was particularly gentle .
In Willis ’s excellent post ( which had a rant quality only a focused outraged mind can achieve ) he let loose with these fine paragraphs of insight .
Because we do n’t want scientists who are advocates .
We ’re not interested in scientists who do n’t mention their doubts .
We ’re sick of your inane “ simplified dramatic statements ” .
We laugh when you cry wolf with your scary scenarios .
Call us crazy , but we want scientists who are honest , not scientists who balance honesty and effectiveness .
You want trust ?
Get honest , kick out the scoundrels , and for goodness sakes , get a clue about humility .
Because the truth is , climate science is one of the newest sciences .
The truth is , we know little about the climate , we ’ve only been studying it intensely for a couple decades .
The truth is , we ca n’t project the climate of the next decade , much less that of the next century .
The truth is , we have no general theory of climate .
The truth is , we do n’t know if an average temperature rise of a couple degrees will be a net benefit or a net loss .
The truth is , all of us are human , and our knowledge of the climate is in its infancy .
And I do n’t appreciate being lectured by infants .
I do n’t appreciate being told that I should be put in the dock in a Nuremberg style trial for disagreeing with infants .
You want to restore trust ?
Come down off your pedestals , forsake your ivory towers , and admit your limitations .
And through all of this , be aware that you have a long , long , long climb back up to where we will trust you .
As Lincoln warned , you have forfeited the confidence of your fellow citizens , and you will be damn lucky if you ever get it back .
It ’s very difficult to follow that kind of quality .
There is so much truth to what he wrote and so much wrong with what climate science is .
Climate science is in it ’s infancy and the quality of many of the primary scientists is low in relation to other sciences .
Some of the most famous climate scientists have the weakest grasp of data and math .
If you read other sciences , it becomes pretty obvious .
Read an SPIE optics paper sometime .
The hand waiving nonsense of the climate community is second to none .
The team is singularly UNqualified to talk down to us .
One battle I had with Eric Steig occurred when he said perhaps I should take his matlab class in response to a request for code .
Last month , four of us have submitted a paper which dramatically improves on his result and simultaneously expands the science .
In part because of that , I ’m not allowed to comment at Real Climate even about the simplest matters .
I had never met anyone who believed themselves qualified to ignore my own opinions prior to climate science blogging .
Most people think I can keep up ok , and most of the readers here are the same way themselves .
These same people clip Roman M’s ( a statistics professor ) comments from their threads when he writes about statistics .
Ryan O , who is the primary author of our recent antarctic paper actually shut down a real climate thread in under 12 hours , – not by spamming – but by making two or three difficult points .
Where is the contention in statistics that can not be discussed .
It is only when you imagine nefarious objectives that it becomes apparent why the “ scientists ” will not allow discussion of serious and reasonable scientific issues .
Climate scientists are not qualified to lecture the rest as though we are children , the fact that they would consider it says a lot about their mental state .
It fits very well with my view of a certain political group that favors enlightened control over our freedom and our environment .
Like many of you , in my 41 years I ’ve met brilliant janitors , stupid engineers , medical doctors who were clueless , amazing lawyers , salesmen who were artists with people , the list is long .
Without reservation , climate science is one of the weakest professional groups I ’ve run across .
I ’m supposed to say that because it ’s an evil skeptic blog , but the long time readers know that I only write what I believe and I ’m guessing there wo n’t be much disagreement .
We are not fooled by your false papers including , sheep and fish shrinkage , global gravity change , coral bleaching , increased hurricanes , drought , rain , bad temperature data , glacier melting , mashmatic proxy temperature reconstructions , false economic prosperity from green jobs , malaria , starvation , acidification , multi-millennia CO2 longevity , positive feedback without evidence , climate models projecting out a century , Antarctica melting .
It ’s BULLSHIT !!
BTW , I do believe in the warming effect of CO2 .
The truth is ,
They do n’t know what the future will bring any more than we do .
They do n’t know dammit , so stop lying and telling us you do .
But that is not the real problem .
The real problem is that far too few from the climate community have the guts to stand up to the bad science and say — BULL !!
When Ben Santer proves models are correct and ignores the most recent 10 years of data — you know the same data that has the decline — and says YUP MODELS ARE GOOD .
Where is the outrage ?
Where is the demand for accuracy ?
Where is the honesty ?
I wrote 3 separate replies to Judith Curry prior to her recent article , I deleted them all in favor of a fourth .
When she called the errors in Mann ’s work minor , I about went ballistic .
When Steve McIntyre ’s correct paper that refutes Santer ’s work is blocked from publication even though it uses the same methods and data — except he did n’t bother to clip the last ten years OF MEASUREMENTS off .
Where is the outrage !!
What is wrong with this picture ? !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’LL TELL YOU WHAT IS WRONG , Their funding depends on it as not - too - subtly - implied by Ed Cook below .
[ My bold ]
From Ed Cook —
Who also believes in CO2 warming — on the bullshit of paleoclimatology papers .
1 ) Describe the past work ( Mann , Briffa , Jones , Crowley , Esper , yada ,
yada , yada ) and their data over - laps .
2 ) Use the Briffa &Osborn “ Blowing Hot And Cold ” annually - resolved
recons ( plus Crowley ? ) ( boreholes not included ) for comparison
because they are all scaled identically to the same NH extra-tropics
temperatures and the Mann version only includes that part of the NH
( we could include Mann ’s full NH recon as well , but he would probably
go ballistic , and also the new Mann& Jones mess ? )
3 ) Characterize the similarities between series using unrotated
( maybe rotated as well ) EOF analysis ( correlation for pure
similarity , covariance for differences in amplitude as well ) and
filtering on the reconstructions – unfiltered , 20yr high - pass , 100-20
bandpass , 100 lowpass – to find out where the reconstructions are
most similar and different – use 1st - EOF loadings as a guide , the
comparisons of the power spectra could also be done I suppose 4 ) Do these EOF analyses on different time periods to see where they
differ most , e.g. , running 100 - year EOF windows on the unfiltered
data , running 300 - year for 20 - lp data ( something like that anyway ) ,
and plot the 1st - EOF loadings as a function of time 5 ) Discuss where the biggest differences lie between reconstructions
( this will almost certainly occur most in the 100 lowpass data ) ,
taking into account data overlaps
6 ) Point out implications concerning the next IPCC assessment and EBM
forcing experiments that are basically designed to fit the lower
frequencies – if the greatest uncertainties are in the >100 year
band , then that is where the greatest uncertainties will be in the
forcing experiments
7 ) Publish , retire , and do n’t leave a forwarding address
Without trying to prejudice this work , but also because of what I
almost think I know to be the case , the results of this study will
show that we can probably say a fair bit about < 100 year
extra -tropical NH temperature variability ( at least as far as we
believe the proxy estimates ) , but honestly know fuck - all about what
the >100 year variability was like with any certainty ( i.e. we know
with certainty that we know fuck - all ) .
Some climate scientists are sharp enough to know the truth .
They KNOW dammit !!
Yet they subject us to this endless march toward an evil , anti-prosperity ‘ green ’ world .
If climate science want ’s trust , the rejection of bad papers must start immediately .
They have got to realize that we ’re not going to stop soon .
We are coming for you , and the god of physics and has our backs .
NO consensus .
How do you keep more than 6,300 people fed , housed and having the time of their life while floating in the middle of the ocean ?
The Oasis of the Seas — the world 's largest cruise ship — aims to accomplish that feat nearly every week .
Almost five times as large as the Titanic , it has a population during its seven - day Caribbean sailings that is ...
Power strips are often located under desks , or at minimum on the floor well out of reach , which makes this clever foot - switch power strip particularly handy .
Advertisement
Recently I noticed what a pain it was to toggle my power strips on and off every time I wanted to shut them down to save power ( especially from energy vampires ) .
You can buy power strips that sense when the computer hooked up to them powers down and shut down the peripherals accordingly , but it did n't fit my need .
Often times I would leave my computer on to do some task but I wanted to kill the power to the monitors easily and with a single motion .
Advertisement
You would think a foot switch for a power strip would n't be hard to find but 99 % of the ones you can find are light duty extension cords designed for holiday lights — no grounding prong , light - gauge wire , not safe for three monitors worth of juice .
After much searching I found the strip pictured here from Woods Industries .
Since I already had a heavy - duty APC power strip , I just unplugged the monitors from the APC strip , chained this one onto that strip and hooked all the monitors back up .
Now when I get up from the computer , even if only for ten minutes , I can easily tap the foot pedal and kill the juice to all three monitors .
It 's a great addition to your office if you want an easy way to toggle the power for peripherals without hibernating your computer or wasting time with a half dozen switches .
The Woods Industry power strip with foot - pedal is available for $ 13 at Amazon .
Have a piece of office equipment — big or small — that you can't image life without Let 's hear about it in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Woods Industry 6 Outlet Power Strip with Foot Switch
Oct 7 , 2009 Ξ Comments are off
The new 2009 Audi A6 now comes with a choice of the standard 3.2 liter V6 , an available 4.2 liter V8 , or the all - new , 3.0 liter supercharged V6 engine .
The new A6 also gets a freshening of the front bumper / grille design , rear lighting , side mirror lighting , a tweaked suspension , new wheels , and an interior upgrade , that makes the new 2009 Audi A6 one of the most satisfying mid-size luxury sport sedans on the road .
World - wide sales of the A6 continue to lead the in total sales against the BMW 5 - Series and Mercedes - Benz E- Class .
That ’s for good reason as the Audi A6 is such a great automobile to look at and to drive .
The big news of course is the all - new 3.0 liter TFSI supercharged V6 engine with direct injection that pumps out 300 hp and 310 lb.
ft. of torque , racing out to 60 mph from a standstill in just 5.9sec .
This powerful , spontaneous and ultra-efficient engine is the new top version in Audi ’s V6 engine range .
It combines two state - of - the - art technologies in perfect style - gasoline direct injection and compressor supercharging .
The brand with the four rings has a long tradition of supercharging engines .
The legendary Grand Prix racing cars built by Auto Union in the 1930 ’s already featured compressors , which coaxed as much as 600 hp out of the mighty 16 - cylinder and
12 - cylinder engines .
From the late 1970 ’s on , Audi focused its attention on the exhaust turbocharger , which helped it to a succession of noteworthy triumphs in the world of motor sport .
It was at this time that Audi ’s turbo engines began to enjoy resounding market success .
The compressor now is staging a comeback .
It is the ideal supercharging technology for the new 3.0 liter TFSI ; the T in Audi engine designations consequently no longer exclusively denotes turbo versions .
All of the components are contained within the ‘ V ’ , providing packaging benefits that cause the mechanical supercharger to be superior to a biturbo concept for this engine .
In conjunction with direct injection , it packaging , low - speed performance and dynamic response are far superior .
The compressor is so compact that it easily fits inside the 90 - degree V of the cylinder banks , in place of the intake manifold .
Because it is driven by the engine via a poly - V belt , its full thrust is available from idle speed upward , producing huge pulling power during launch .
The 3.0 TFSI delivers its maximum 310 lb.ft. of torque at only 2,500rpm and maintains this constantly until 4,850rpm .
The gas paths after the compressor are very short ; this means that the torque is built up extremely quickly , even more dynamically that on a naturally aspirated engine of the same displacement .
The 3.0 TFSI responds quickly to the throttle , with exceptional agility and bite .
It also revs up to the maximum of 6,500rpm with playful ease , achieving its rated output of 300 hp in just under 5,000rpm .
Without question the 3.0 TFSI earns top marks for fuel efficiency .
Its pulling power enables it to extend the transmission ratio , further adding to its already superior efficiency .
You ’ll get a better than average 18 m ph / city and 26 m pg / highway behind the wheel and depending how you drive , even higher numbers .
The Audi technology of gasoline direct injection according to the FSI principle was what made this trailblazing efficiency possible in the first place .
Unlike conventional concepts , it allows the compressor to be located behind the throttle valve .
In view of the low density of the intake air at loads below supercharging level and when coasting , its rotors are free - running and the amount of power required to drive them is low .
The engine ’s high compression ratio of 10.5:1 also plays a big part in its efficiency .
The direct injection principle is once again the key , because the intensively swirled fuel cools the combustion chamber , reducing the tendency to ‘ knock ’ .
The compressor of the new 3.0 TFSI is what is known as a Roots blower .
Inside of it are two four - vane rotary pistons counter - rotating at speeds of up to 23,000rpm , with an air gap between them measuring just a few thousandths of a millimeter .
The rotors can deliver 2,204.62lbs .
of air per hour and force it into the combustion chambers at a boost of up to 11.6 psi .
Two water - to - air intercoolers made from aluminum and connected to a separate coolant circuit are integrated into the housing .
Here , the compressed and therefore heated intake air is cooled down again in order to boost its oxygen content for the combustion process .
An extensive package of measures reduces the noise level generated by the compressor to a minimum .
The new engine itself belongs to Audi ’s family of ultramodern V engines .
In addition to the standard cylinder angle of 90 - degrees , their attributes include systematic lightweight construction .
The 3.0 liter version ’s crankcase is made of cast aluminum / silicon , and tips the scales at just 72.75 lbs .
The entire engine , including the compressor , weighs just 416.67lbs .
Audi has included a whole array of refined hi-tech features on the 3.0 TFSI .
The crankcase has been adapted to the higher prevailing pressures , and all components are frictionally optimized .
The two intake camshafts can be adjusted through 42 - degrees of crankshaft angle .
In the intake ports , tumble flaps induce movement in the incoming air to promote optimum mixture preparation .
The injection system is a fundamentally new design .
A common rail system with six - hole injectors injects the fuel directly into the combustion chambers at a pressure of up to 2,175psi .
The injectors ’ highly dynamic response permits up to three fuel injectors per operating cycle across an extensive range of the characteristic map .
They too , optimize the combustion process and therefore contribute to the impressive performance of the new 3.0 liter TFSI engine .
That ’s a lot of technical data but the engine speaks for itself giving an instant boost when pressed hard , forcing you back deep into the seatback as you immediately zoom past other vehicles on the road .
Besides the all - new supercharged engine , the entire car has been tweaked and updated .
The stunning galvanized steel sheet metal design comes with an aluminum hood and front fenders that now sport ‘ supercharged ’ badges , and also gets new front bi-xenon headlamps with optional LED running lights , new foglamps , a new front bumper and a new single - frame grille design .
The near fascia gets a 2 - piece rear LED light package with special nighttime optical view giving the new supercharged A6 a bolder look .
Under the skin the power steering pump operates on demand and the alternator regenerates electrical energy when coasting , thereby reducing load off the engine .
By lowering the ride by 20 - millimeters and other aerodynamic fine - tuning , the drag coefficient has been reduced to 0.28 thereby making it slip through the air easier and with less noise .
Also tweaked is the sport - tuned , fully independent suspension for both increased comfort and its dynamic handling character by getting new larger - diameter , gas - filled , front - axle shock absorbers operating within an optimized valve system .
Every other aspect of the suspension set - up has been improved , including the coil spring rate .
The new supercharged A6 only comes with the 6 - speed Tiptronic automatic transmission that is so much fun to use with the ability to shift by gear using the chrome and leather - topped stick or steering wheel mounted paddle shifters .
Also tweaked is the Quattro with a newly implemented 40/60 asymmetric rear - biased setup that helps keep the tires glued to the road when taking the car to its adhesion limits .
The new wheel and tire option includes new 19X8 in.
aluminum alloy wheels wrapped with high - performance , low - profile tires to enhance traction and grip while maintaining a more compliant ride over poor road surfaces .
Inside the new supercharged A6 has a spacious interior with clean and elegant contours and perfect craftsmanship characteristic of this luxury brand .
The new rear seats are extremely comfortable , and the new L - shaped headrests improve your rear view visibility .
The instrument panel uses new higher - resolution graphics , and a new aluminum frame better accentuates the display ( color in the optional MMI navigation system ) .
Tastefully - appointed chrome and aluminum trim , even on the spokes of the new steering wheel , calls attention to its overall elegance , and fine wood inlays are included .
Audi has integrated several new high - tech assistance systems , one of which is the Audi Side Assist system which helps you when changing lanes at speeds greater than 30 mph , ensuring stress - free and superior drive .
Using radar sensors , Audi Side Assist is able to detect other cars up to 150 ft. away .
A signal on the outside mirror lights up if changing lanes poses a threat .
The new supercharged A6 sedan is a wonderful piece of automotive design and engineering using the latest in automotive high - technology to give you the ride that you desire , when you desire it .
The supercharger gives you V8 power with V6 fuel economy , the new engineering tweaks make it even more fun to drive , while the interior boasts more sportiness and elegance , and new safety systems keep you and your passengers safer when changing lanes in traffic .
The new supercharged A6 is one of the best mid-size , luxury sport sedans on the market .
COPYRIGHT:2009 : HARVEY SCHWARTZ
SPECIFICATIONS
Price : MSRP $ 50,100 As - Tested $ 55,725
Type : Midsize Sedan
Where Built : Germany
EPA Class : Midsize Cars
Dimensions
Exterior
Length : 193.5 in .
Width : 73 in .
Height : 57.5 in .
Wheel Base : 111.9 in .
Curb Weight : 4123 lbs .
Interior
Front Head Room : 38.7 in .
Front Shoulder Room : 57.1 in .
Rear Head Room : 37.8 in .
Rear Shoulder Room : 55.9 in .
Luggage Capacity : 15.9 cu. ft .
Maximum Seating : 5
Performance Data
Base Number of Cylinders : 6
Base Engine Size : 3 liters
Base Engine Type : V6
Horsepower : 300 hp
Max Horsepower : 5100 rpm
Torque : 310 ft-lbs .
Max Torque : 2500 rpm
Drive Type : AWD
Turning Circle : 39 ft .
Fuel Data
Fuel Tank Capacity : 21.1 gal .
EPA Mileage Estimates : ( City / Highway / Combined )
Automatic : 18 mpg / 26 mpg / 21 mpg
Range in Miles :
Automatic : 379.8 mi. / 548.6 mi. / 443.1 mi .
My lord , does it get any more dapper ?*
* No way , Jose Jesus .
Hit the jump for a shot of the back .
The Nerdiest Sweater Vest In The World [ happyseamstress ]
Thanks to Jiakasuma , who wo n't rock any sweater vest pre-Sonic .
To each their own .
NOT even fraud charges laid against its owner could keep believers away from Guildford 's so - called House of Miracles .
Five days a week , George and Lina Tannous throw open their western Sydney home to allow the faithful to witness a mysterious oil - like substance said to seep from their walls .
Lady of the house ... Lina Tannous , in black , welcomed visitors to her house in Guildford yesterday after police arrested her husband , George , over allegations relating to credit card fraud .
Credit : Anthony Johnson
The family says it is God 's work .
It started appearing 40 days after the death of their son Mike , 17 , in a road accident in September 2006 .
They believe the oil is his way of communicating with them and , when combined with prayer , has healing powers .
The claim brings hundreds of visitors each week to the Bowden Street residence .
But on Wednesday it was the police who visited the House of Miracles and charged Mr Tannous over allegations relating to credit card fraud .
More than 25 Taliban and Hezb - i- Islam Gulbuddin fighters have been killed during ongoing clashes today in the northern province of Baghlan .
Fighters from the two groups squared off in the district of Baghlan - e - Markazi after the two groups disagreed over control of the region .
“ The clash between the Taliban and Hezb-e Islami fighters is on - going in Qaisar Khail , a village 9 km north of the district centre , ” a police spokesman told Quqnoos .
Afghan police have steered clear of the fighting and instead set up a cordon around the area .
The two groups , which are normally allies , came to blows due to a “ rivalry on extending power and collecting taxes from agricultural products in the area , ” Xinhua reported .
Today ’s fighting between the Taliban and the Hezb - i - Islam Gulbuddin is the first reported instance between the two groups .
The Taliban , Hezb - i- Islam Gulbuddin , and fighters from allied central Asian terror groups such as the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , the Islamic Jihad Union , and the Eastern Turkistan Islamic Party often operate jointly against Afghan and Coalition forces in the region .
The allied terror groups maintain safe havens in Baghlan and in neighboring Kunduz province .
Of the seven districts in Kunduz province , only two are considered under government control ; the rest of the districts – Chahara Dara , Dashti Archi , Ali Abab , Khan Abad , and Iman Sahib – are considered contested or under Taliban control , according to a map produced by Afghanistan ’s Interior Ministry in the spring of 2009 .
Two districts in neighboring Baghlan province – Baghlan - i- Jadid and Burka – are under the control of the Taliban [ see LWJ report , “ Afghan forces and Taliban clash in Kunduz , ” and Threat Matrix report , “ Afghanistan ’s wild - wild North ” ] .
In early February , the Taliban suffered a blow to their leadership in the two northern provinces when Pakistani security forces detained Mullah Mir Mohammed and Mullah Abdul Salam , the shadow governors for Baghlan and Kunduz , during a raid in Faisalabad .
The two shadow governors are members of the Taliban ’s Quetta Shura , its top leadership council .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Bekräftat : NHL i Globen i höst
Publicerad : 09 februari 2010 kl. 13.29
Uppdaterad : 09 mars 2011 kl. 22.44
Columbus - San José Sharks möts i Stockholm i oktober
Bekräftat i dag :
Det blir NHL - spel i Globen även i höst .
8 och 9 oktober möts Columbus Blue Jackets och San José Sharks .
Sportbladet avslöjade nyheten redan 28 januari .
I dag bekräftar arrangören Live Nation det hela .
Det blir NHL - spel i Globen i Stockholm även i år , bekräftade delarrangören Live Nation i ett pressmeddelande på tisdagen .
Columbus Blue Jackets – där för närvarande Fredrik Modin , Samuel Påhlsson , Anton Strålman och Kristian Huselius spelar – möter Douglas Murrays San José Sharks i två matcher den 8 och 9 oktober .
Även Niclas Wallin , 34 , värvad häromdagen , tillhör ju numer San José .
Biljetterna släpps den 11 februari .
TT / Sportbladet
KOPIERA LÄNK
Publicerad : 09 februari 2010 kl. 13.29
The TUC says there is a lack of full - time jobs
The UK jobs market looks " deceptively healthy " because of an increase in the number of people having to settle for part - time work , the TUC has warned .
The union body says thousands of people are only taking part - time or temporary work because they are failing to find full - time employment .
Also , an Office for National Statistics report showed a rise in " underemployed workers " working less than they wanted .
The latest UK unemployment figures are released on Wednesday .
The official data for the three months to December is expected to show the UK unemployment rate remained at or around the 7.8 % level .
' Not good news ' " Job statistics could be making the market look deceptively healthy - a closer look suggests that thousands of people are taking part - time or temporary jobs because they cannot secure full - time positions , " said TUC general secretary Brendan Barber .
What the UK economy needs is real action to get more people into work , especially under - 25s who make up a large proportion of those currently unemployed
John Wright , chairman of the FSB " A growth in insecure and low - paid employment at the expense of secure work is not good news for them or for the economy . "
The Office for National Statistics revealed on Tuesday that there was a rise last year in the number of underemployed workers .
It said the number of underemployed people rose to 2.8 million in July to September of last year , compared with 2.1 million two years earlier .
' Tax cut '
Last month 's unemployment data showed that total unemployment fell in the three months to November by 7,000 people to 2.46 million .
This was the first fall in unemployment for 18 months .
Most analysts expect another small fall in unemployment for the three months to December .
The Federation of Small Businesses ( FSB ) said this week that taxes were preventing almost three out of five small firms taking on more staff .
Following its survey of 10,000 small companies , it said it was calling on the government to introduce a cut in national insurance contributions .
" What the UK economy needs is real action to get more people into work , especially under - 25s who make up a large proportion of those currently unemployed , " said John Wright , chairman of the FSB .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Marcus Stern , ProPublicaThis article was produced by ProPublica .
A transfer of billions of dollars in federal aid from public projects in Puerto Rico to one of the world ’s largest liquor conglomerates over the next 30 years continues to move forward without any objection from Congress .
As a result , money that ’s now being used to build schools and restore tropical forests in a U.S. territory is being turned into what is essentially a $ 3 billion tax break for London - based Diageo , whose $ 20 billion in sales last year were powered by Dom Pérignon , Captain Morgan and other popular brands .
Diageo ’s windfall at Puerto Rico ’s expense would n’t be possible were it not for pricey lobbyists , the complexity of the nation ’s tax laws and Congress ’s ability to approve politically embarrassing deals with a sleight of hand that leaves little trace .
On K Street , Diageo has an in - house team of lobbyists that was paid $ 2.25 million last year .
Diageo also has the help of DLA Piper , one of the world ’s largest legal and lobbying firms , which has an office seven blocks from the U.S. Capitol .
Last year , Diageo paid DLA Piper $ 770,000 to lobby on this and other issues .
Recently , Diageo hired the Breaux - Lott Leadership Group , a lobbying firm whose principals , former Senators John Breaux and Trent Lott , are now making money in the Washington influence bazaars .
Lobbyists are known for targeting the House and Senate Appropriations committees , which draft all spending bills and have been famously referred to as “ favor factories ” by disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
But the tax - writing House Ways and Means and Senate Finance committees — which tacitly approved the Diageo deal by letting it go through — actually dole out bigger favors with less notice .
The excise tax on rum is a prime example .
A $ 13.50 tax is collected on every proof gallon of rum produced off the U.S. mainland and sold in the United States .
Most of the rum is made in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands , and Congress passes along almost all of the tax — $ 13.25 — to the two territories as economic aid , based on the amount of rum each produces .
That generally means about $ 400 million for Puerto Rico , where industry leaders Diageo and Bacardi make their rum , and $ 80 million for the Virgin Islands , home of the world ’s fifth - largest rum maker , Cruzan .
In 2008 , the Virgin Islands found a way to even up this lopsided margin .
It offered to give Diageo half of the Virgin Islands ’ rum -tax money if Diageo would move its rum production — 9 million proof gallons a year — to the Virgin Islands and stay there for 30 years .
That ’s 10 times what Puerto Rico now gives Diageo .
The Virgin Islands also will give Diageo a 90 percent income - tax break , a complete exemption from property taxes and a state - of - the - art $ 165 million rum distillery , which is now under construction .
Under the deal , which ProPublica wrote about in October 2008 , Diageo will begin producing its rum there in 2012 .
Puerto Rico , which expects to lose $ 6 billion directly and indirectly over the next 30 years because of the loss of Diageo , was caught off guard by the deal .
It could n’t match the Virgin Islands ’ incentives because , unlike the Virgin Islands , it has a law capping the percentage of the rum - tax rebate it can give to its rum makers at 10 percent , not to exceed a total of $ 25 million in any single year .
( It says it gives less than that — 6 percent . )
Puerto Rico ’s resident commissioner , Pedro Pierluisi , a nonvoting member of the U.S. House , is trying to quash the deal with a bill ( PDF ) he introduced last year .
It would make the Virgin Islands subject to a 10 percent cap , too .
But the bill has n’t made it out of the starting gate .
It was referred to the Ways and Means Committee , where its chairman , Rep. Charles Rangel , D - N.Y. , apparently has no plans to move it .
Rangel has raised campaign money in both territories .
Puerto Rico Gov. Luis Fortuño did not initially lobby aggressively for the bill because his top priority in Washington has been health care reform , which could mean $ 10 billion in extra Medicaid money for the territories over the next 10 years .
But now , with the health care bill facing longer odds , Fortuño is stepping up his lobbying efforts , sending written appeals to members of Congress .
Roberto Serrallés , vice president of the Puerto Rican distillery that currently makes Captain Morgan rum for Diageo , recently traveled to Washington , where he appealed to the Hispanic Caucus to ask Rangel to hold hearings on Pierluisi ’s bill .
“ This is about the common sense use of federal funds , ” Serrallés said in an interview before the meeting .
“ It ’s about putting some rules in place for a federal program that ’s gone astray . ”
Serrallés said the deal , as it stands now , will give Diageo a subsidy that is greater than the cost of the rum itself .
“ It ’s going to be extremely hard for us to continue , ” said Serrallés , whose family has been making rum at its plant , Destilería Serrallés , since 1865 .
“ How can I compete against someone who has a negative cost ? ”
A spokesman for Diageo , without elaborating , issued a terse statement denying that the tax subsidy it receives will be greater than the cost of the rum .
Like all Washington fights , this one has been a boon to lobbyists .
Last year , Diageo used its in - house lobbyists ( $ 2.25 million ) , plus lobbyists at DLA Piper ( $ 770,000 ) and Breaux - Lott ( $ 10,000 ) .
The Virgin Islands used Callwood Associates ( $ 270,000 ) .
Puerto Rico is relying on its own internal lobbying arm in Washington , the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration .
The Conservation Trust of Puerto Rico , which will lose millions of dollars in annual funding for its land acquisitions if the Diageo deal stands , has hired Policy Impact Communications ( $ 120,000 ) and , most recently , Quinn Gillespie & Associates ( $ 40,000 ) .
The Virgin Islands defends the deal by stressing the huge favorable impact it will have there .
That argument was bolstered recently by a report ( PDF ) issued by the Congressional Research Service that said the Pierluisi bill “ would result in severe limits on Puerto Rico ’s and the USVI ’s ability to finance economic development projects with this revenue source . ”
The Virgin Islands insists that Diageo would have moved its operations elsewhere if the Virgin Islands had n’t offered the $ 3 billion rum -tax break and other incentives .
And the Virgin Islands argues that it ’s too late to undo the Diageo deal , because the Virgin Islands already has used the anticipated revenue to back $ 200 million in bonds to pay for Diageo ’s new distillery .
Puerto Rico ’s supporters point out that Puerto Rico has its own bonds backed by anticipated rum -tax money .
The governor has laid off 17,000 public employees because of the sagging economy , and they say the loss of the rum - tax money will mean more layoffs .
Serrallés says transferring so much of the rum - tax rebate as a subsidy to Diageo and other rum makers will undermine congressional support for a vital assistance program that dates to 1917 .
“ These guys ( the Virgin Islands ) are prepared to give $ 3 billion , $ 4 billion to rum makers over the next 30 years , ” he said .
“ Congress is going to say , ‘ These people ( the territories ) ca n’t control this program .
It ’s all ending up in the hands of the rum makers . ’ “
But if members of Congress are worried about that perception , it ’s not evident yet .
Most of the rum - tax rebate is renewed automatically each year , without any action by Congress .
But a small portion — less than 8 percent — must be approved by Congress .
Last month , that portion came up for a vote before the House , buried inside a much larger tax bill .
If any lawmaker had concerns about the Diageo deal , that was a good time to speak up .
Nobody did .
Now the tax bill goes to the Senate , where there is speculation it will be attached to the politically popular jobs bill .
Buried inside such attractive legislation , the rum tax is likely to again slip through without debate .
ProPublica is an independent , nonprofit newsroom that produces investigative journalism in the public interest .
Tiny dishes etched on microscope slides act like ear trumpets A micro-ear could soon help scientists eavesdrop on tiny events just like microscopes make them visible .
Initially , researchers will use it to snoop on cells as they go about their daily business .
It may allow researchers to listen to how a drug disrupts micro-organisms , in the same way as a mechanic might listen to a car 's engine to find a fault .
A team from three UK institutions are building the device , which they hope will become standard lab equipment .
Institutions involved include the Universities of Glasgow and Oxford as well as the National Institute of Medical Research at Mill Hill .
Force feedback
The micro-ear is based upon modifying an established technology that uses laser light to create so - called optical tweezers .
These are already used to accurately measure tiny forces .
They work by suspending very small glass or plastic beads in a beam of laser light .
Measuring the movement of these beads as they are jostled by tiny objects allows measurements of tiny forces that operate at molecular scales .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We are now using the sensitivity afforded by the optical tweezer as a very sensitive microphone , " said Professor Jon Cooper from the University of Glasgow , who is heading the micro-ear project .
" The optical tweezer can measure or manipulate at piconewton forces , " said Professor Cooper .
A piconewton is a millionth of the force that a grain of salt exerts when resting on a tabletop .
While many researchers use single beams of laser light to trap single beads , the micro-ear team hopes to use several arranged in a ring that will be able to surround and " listen to " an object of interest .
" We can look at a number of objects and watch them wobble , " said Prof Miles Padgett .
" A wobbling object is like a diaphragm on a microphone . "
HOW TO MEASURE MICRO - ORGANISMS 1 .
Scientists are using laser beams to help them measure the sounds created by microscopic organisms .
2 . A micro-organism , such as an E - coli bacterium , is placed in the centre of a ring of laser beams each of which traps tiny electrically - charged beads .
The beads are one or two microns across - that 's 100 times thinner that a human hair .
3 . Any sound from the organism will be detected by the beads wobbling and this can be measured by a high - speed camera .
As such , said Professor Padgett , the wobble can be measured and used to turn the wobbles in the fluid surrounding the subject into sound giving an ear to events on the tiniest of scales .
By surrounding an object , said Professor Padgett , it should be easier to work out whether what that object does is the result of its own actions or something else .
A high - speed camera watches the motion of the ring of beads to determine the source of the motion .
Prof Padgett said work on refining the basic elements of what would become the eventual micro-ear was going well .
" We can trap and hold the beads and can connect the output to a speaker so we can hear them vibrating , " he said .
In addition , he said , the team use tiny etched dishes , like a Victorian ear trumpet , to help focus the movements in the fluid surrounding an object and make them easier to pick up .
Already the team has been able to listen to Brownian motion - the restless jostling of the atoms and molecules in a fluid .
Drug trials
Once the device is completed , a team led by Dr Richard Berry , a physicist at the University of Oxford , plans to use it to eavesdrop on flagella - the tiny motor that many bacteria such as E. coli use to move themselves around .
" Because this tech is so new and these guys are exploring what 's possible the flagellar motor will be a very good test for the technology , " said Dr Berry .
Currently , the movement of flagella are studied by sticking tiny beads to them and watching them whip around with a high - speed camera .
The beads are different to those used in the optical tweezers .
To complicate the process further , scientists must genetically engineer the bacteria to allow them to stick the beads on their tails .
" We have to make them specifically sticky to what we want to stick to them , " said Dr Berry .
" There 's a biological step which can be very hit and miss . "
This also means that the bacteria do not necessarily behave in the same way as natural organisms .
" We work on extremely genetically engineered subjects , nothing like you would find in the world , " he said .
The micro-ear makes it possible to listen to a flagella whipping around
The micro-ear might mean it is possible to use wild bacteria and many of them to get a much better understanding of what they do .
If the work with bacteria is successful the team is also planning to look at other micro-organisms .
One candidate could be the human trypanosome parasite which moves in the blood using a different sort of flagellar motor .
The parasite is behind sleeping sickness that affects up to 500,000 people a year in sub-Saharan Africa .
By listening to this motor , it may be possible to better understand how it works and ultimately investigate the action of new medicines that might stop its motor .
" Its truly exploratory in that we expect and hope we will hear something interesting but we really do n't know , " said Dr Berry .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are only a handful of politicians who are willing call for drugs to be decriminalised , but in private many experts seem to think that this would be a good idea .
Chris Mullin took an interest in the subject when he was chairman of the Commons home affairs committee and , in his diaries , he says that David Blunkett , Eliza Manningham - Buller ( the then head of MI5 ) and " a lot of chief constables " were either in favour of legalisation , or at least hinted to him that they might be .
Now Mullin can add another name to his list : David Halpern , a former Downing Street policy expert .
Halpern worked for the prime minister 's strategy unit from 2001 to 2007 , mostly as chief analyst , and he writes about drugs in his new book , The Hidden Wealth of Nations .
There was never much chance he was going to get Tony Blair to back the heroin legalisation .
But , in the book , Halpern says this approach could cut crime dramatically .
Up to 80 % of certain crime types , such as shoplifting and burglary , are thought to be drug related .
Visibility of drug - related activity is also known to be an additional driver of fear .
A key point to understand is that the best drug strategy depends on the maturity of the drug market in question .
When a new drug enters the " market " , it can be very effective to criminalise it and police it aggressively .
However , once a drug has been around and in use for decades , criminal justice sanctions become much less effective , such as with addicts who have been on heroin for 20 years ( or alcohol , in the case of the US prohibition ) .
At this point , a better strategy is to focus efforts on managing the harms .
This may involve " legalising " , or medicalising , the supply of long - established drugs to chronic users to undermine the criminal suppliers and to stop the person needing to steal or prostitute themselves to pay for the habit .
International evidence suggests that such approaches can reduce associated crime by up to 60 % .
There are only about two passages about drugs in the Hidden Wealth of Nations , which is scintillating and immensely well - informed and covers almost all aspects of public policy .
Halpern is particularly interested in wellbeing and – as his remarks about heroin indicate – he seems to be using the book to flesh out all the policy ideas that he could not get past the prime minister .
Incidentally , Halpern also reveals how he used to select candidates to work in the strategy unit .
He would ask them why Britain had a National Health Service , but not a national food service .
" What we were after was not just a historical account , but one rooted in the logic of ' market failures ' ( who would insure those with a high risk of genetic illness ) ; informational asymmetries ( you know to eat when you 're hungry , but how do you know if you need an expensive medical procedure ? ) ; and the nature of public goods ( if everybody else gets vaccinated , I do n't need to bother – but everyone thinks that ) . "
Anyone who could answer along these lines tended to get a job .
UK troops are to march in Red Square to mark 65 years since the end of WWII , the British embassy in Moscow has said .
The military parade on 9 May , alongside French and US service personnel , will be the first in the square involving Britain 's wartime western allies .
It will include a marching detachment of 1st Battalion Welsh Guards and about 45 musicians from the Royal Air Force .
The Aldershot - based 1st Battalion Welsh Guards has recently returned from Afghanistan , part of 19 Light Brigade .
' Great honour '
While in the Russian capital , the RAF band will also take part in a music festival which runs from 8 - 10 May .
An embassy spokesman said it was a " great honour " for those involved and a " unique opportunity " to commemorate the memory of all servicemen who died in World War II .
Last year 's Victory Day parade in Moscow was the largest since the fall of the Soviet Union , with 9,000 military personnel and 100 vehicles involved .
A shipment of two tons of illegal elephant tusks originating in South Africa was seized in Bangkok , Thailand yesterday .
239 tusks were found in a box labeled “ Mobile Phone parts ” and one Thai national was arrested .
The tusks were worth $ 3.6 million and were headed for Laos but Thai officials managed to successfully pull off the biggest bust in their history .
To read the full article about the seizure , click here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Quicksand Reorder and filter items with a nice shuffling animation .
Home
About
I love Mac apps , especially for their attention to detail .
CoreAnimation makes it so easy to create useful and eye - pleasing effects , like the one in this video .
Quicksand aims at providing a similar experience for users on the web .
Documentation
How it works
At the very basic level , Quicksand replaces one collection of items with another .
All you need to do is provide those two sets of items .
You can do it in a couple of ways :
Use plain HTML , like an unordered list .
Download data by an Ajax call Transform HTML items by JavaScript ( for example , sort them differently )
Calling
$ ( '# source ' ) . quicksand ( $ ( ' # destination li ' ) ) ;
This will work for the following HTML :
< ul id= " source " > < li data-id= " iphone " > iOS </ li > < li data-id= " android " > Android </ li > < li data-id= " winmo " > Windows Phone 7 </li > </ul > < ul id= " destination " class= " hidden " > < li data-id= " macosx " > Mac OS X </li > < li data-id= " macos9 " > Mac OS 9 </li > < li data-id= " iphone " > iOS </li > </ul >
Please note that data-* is a perfectly valid HTML5 attribute .
If you ’re using older doctype , you can use a different attribute or even a custom function to identify unique elements .
See the examples for more .
First container ( source ) is visible to the user .
Second container ( destination ) is provided as the first argument of Quicksand .
You need data - id attributes so that the plugin can identify the same elements within source and destination collections .
If elements exists in both collections ( the same data - id ) , it ’s the same to Quicksand .
If you want to include a callback function , add it as a last argument :
$ ( '# source ' ) . quicksand ( $ ( '# destination li ' ) , function () { // callback code } ) ;
CSS recommendations
When styling your items and their container , please use CSS class .
Using ID may lead to strange results .
Quicksand clones the container to simulate destination frame of the animation .
Since it 's impossible for two elements of the same ID to exist , styling your items / container via container ID should be avoided .
Quicksand needs to know the margin of body , container and collection items .
If these elements have their margins , please use px ( pixels ) , not ems .
The plugin does n't understand ems for now .
Parameters
You can modify Quicksand by using optional parameters argument .
$ ( '# source ' ) . quicksand ( $ ( '# destination li ' ) , { name : value } ) ;
Or
$ ( '# source ' ) . quicksand ( $ ( '# destination li ' ) , { name : value } , function () { // callback code } ) ;
List of available params :
Name Default Description adjustHeight ' call '
Adjusts the height of container to fit all the items , ' call ' for automatically adjusting before or after the animation ( determined automatically ) , ' dynamic ' for height adjustment animation , ' auto ' to set the value to ' auto ' , false for not doing absolutely anything about it ( useful on responsive pages ) .
adjustWidth false Adjusts the width of container to fit all the items , ' call ' for automatically adjusting before or after the animation ( determined automatically ) , ' dynamic ' for width adjustment animation , ' auto ' to set the value to ' auto ' , false for not doing absolutely anything about it ( useful on responsive pages ) .
attribute ' data - id ' Attribute used to match items in collections .
You can provide custom function to extract unique values ( see the demos ) duration 750 How long the animation will take .
In milliseconds .
easing ' swing ' Easing for the animation .
Use jQuery easing plugin for more easing options .
enhancement function ( ) {} Since v1.5 , this should n't be needed in most cases .
If you wish to integrate their visual enhancements ( eg. font replacement ) or attach click / hover events on new sorted elements , specify a function that refreshes or re-applies enhancement to an item during the animation .
useScaling false Use scaling ( CSS3 transform ) animation .
Requires to include this plugin to your project .
retainExisting true
By default , Quicksand reuses existing DOM elements instead of replacing them ( new in v1.3 ) .
Set this option to false to brutally replace the collection with a fresh one when the animation ends .
This in most cases should n't be required , but might be useful in some circumstances .
maxWidth 0
Hide all elements whose left CSS property is greater than this value .
Setting this option to 0 turns this behavior off .
atomic false
Set to true to swap the DOM elements immediately .
Turning this option on will make the animation look less effective but will make your life easier if you intend to modify the DOM during the animation .
Performance
Version 1.2 brought major performance tweaks out of the box .
To improve performance , you can :
turn off useScaling option to stop using CSS3 transforms in the animation stop using adjustHeight : ' dynamic ' in favor of false or ' auto ' .
Integration with other plugins
When your items have functional enhancements ( eg. tooltips ) , remember to use callback to apply them on newly cloned objects :
$ ( " #content " ) . quicksand ( $ ( " #data > li " ) , { duration : 1000 , } , function () { // callback function $ ( ' # content a ' ) . tooltip ( ) ; } ) ;
When your items are visually enhanced ( eg. font replacement ) , use enhancement function to refresh / apply the effect during the animation :
$ ( " #content " ) . quicksand ( $ ( " #data > li " ) , { duration : 1000 , enhancement : function () { Cufon .
refresh ( ' # content span ' ) ; } } ) ;
Examples
As it was stated earlier , Quicksand works by comparing two collections of items and replacing them .
It ’s that simple .
Advanced demonstrations include custom jQuery code to achieve some of the goals , like sorting or making Ajax calls .
This code can be copied & used freely , but it ’s not part of the plugin .
So , go ahead and …
FAQ
Can I use use Quicksand in commercial projects ?
Yes !
You can use it commercially without limitation , you can even use it in website templates you sell on ThemeForest .
I get an error TypeError : Result of expression ... easing ... [ undefined ] is not a function .
What happened ?
You are using easing effect that 's not built - in and forgot to include jQuery .
easing plugin .
You can download it from its home page .
Alternatively , remove easing from your Quicksand options to stick with the default swing effect .
It 's not that bad !
I would like to filter my items in a different way .
How can I do it ?
There 's only one thing that Quicksand can do and it's performing the animation .
Quicksand does not filter and does not do any sorting .
It 's up to you to provide initial collection and destination collection .
A little bit of custom programming is required .
How can I use Quicksand with radio buttons instead of links ?
I want to combine criteria when filtering my collection .
You need to learn how to use callbacks in jQuery to handle changes in forms .
Next , you have to study jQuery selectors to filter items the way you like .
Quicksand generates the animated transition between elements .
It 's up to you to filter and sort .
I 'm a designer and I do n't know how to start ...
This plugin requires basic programming skills : using jQuery selectors and callbacks is a minimum knowledge required to implement it on your website .
Copy - paste is cool but sorry , not this time .
Good luck studying jQuery , it 's not that hard !
Other crap
Requirements and dependencies
Required : jQuery .
Any version equal or greater than 1.6.1 should work .
This includes jQuery 2.0 + and jQuery 3.0 + .
Optional : Use jQuery Easing for additional easing options ( the best – easeInOutQuad )
) Optional : Use jquery .
transform2d.js for additional CSS3 scaling animation ; works fine without this plugin ( utilizes fade efect instead )
Browser compatibility
The plugin should work in all browsers , including versions a few years behind .
Internet Explorer 7 is the lowest supported version of IE .
Extra credits
Huge thanks go to Piotr Petrus for organizing the documentation , making demos and creating this stunning design .
Licensing
Copyright © 2010 Jacek Galanciak , released under both MIT and GPL version 2 license .
I was there .
Sean Hannity was n’t .
So why is he acting like he knows what happened at the Secular Coalition for America ’s briefing with Obama Administration officials ?
Hannity : The Obama administration earlier today rolled out the red carpet for a coalition of atheist groups .
Now , among the individuals in attendance was Michael Newdow .
That ’s the California man who sued unsuccessfully to have the words “ under God ” removed from the Pledge of Allegiance .
Now , religious groups , however , have not received this kind of treatment from the Obama White House .
Now , last year , the President distanced himself from the National Day of Prayer , cancelling the formal service traditionally held in honor of the day and refusing to attend a Catholic prayer breakfast .
So what ’s going on ?
Has the administration demonstrated a pattern of hostility towards religion , or is this merely a coincidence ?
There was no red carpet .
There was no Michael Newdow in attendance ( not that there would have been anything wrong with that ) .
Religious group have indeed received the same — in fact , far better — treatment from the Obama administration .
Hannity is doing with conservatives do best :
Taking a headline , stretching it past the point of falsehood , and getting his base all riled up .
Note that the majority of the segment has nothing to do with the issue at hand .
They do n’t talk about atheists or the administration meeting with us .
They just use it as a launching pad to trash the president .
By the way , at no point did FOX News ask the Secular Coalition for America for a response to their claims .
But I ’m sure we would love the chance .
( via Atheist Media Blog )
Saving Advice is a community built around the notion that saving money is good .
We offer free articles and information on all aspects of personal finance including debt reduction , how to save money , how to make money and how to invest .
If you need any money saving advice , you have found the right place .
The Patriarchy Wishes Death on AROOO
I find it hilarious how Margie and I are compared to religious fundamentalists for refusing to metaphorically suck males ’ dicks on the internet .
Because we will not allow men and / or their female sycophants to blather and lecture on our blog about how we should sympathize with men in the name of equality ( when in fact there is no equality in our male dominated society and making way for the many who already put males first will only contribute to our inequality ) , it is wished on us that we die in a fire .
Yes , is n’t it just so symbolically ironic and spine tingling hilarious .
I would suspect anyone living in this western world who has venture out from under his or her rock in the last 2000 years would immediately associate fire and a wish for someone to die in that fire as being quite similar to evangelists wishing eternal damnation on heretics , lesbians , gays , single mothers , whores , divorcees , etc .
You know the wish , the whole go to hell , burn in hell , and any other derivative of “ horrifyin ’ torment , with yer poor sinful bodies stretched out on hot gridirons in the nethermost fiery pit of hell . ”
To wish someone to die in a fire must be quite popular , or at least popular enough that a ready made image of said desire is available on Google images ( see above image ) .
Moreover , the people who wish that we die in a fire because we do n’t want men in our conversations nor do we want to consider how men are affected by atrocities inflicted traditionally and predominately on females are supposedly the tolerant liberal ones , –when in actuality they are nothing but more of the same stale defenders and promoters of patriarchy .
They are the same old people who want men to be front and center .
Talk about being a fundamentalist , it does not get more fundamental than that .
Dahr Jamail
Plain Speak
The 2008 National Defense Strategy reads :
US interests include protecting the nation and our allies from attack or coercion , promoting international security to reduce conflict and foster economic growth , and securing the global commons and with them access to world markets and resources .
To pursue these interests , the US has developed military capabilities and alliances and coalitions , participated in and supported international security and economic institutions , used diplomacy and soft power to shape the behavior of individual states and the international system , and using force when necessary .
These tools help inform the strategic framework with which the United States plans for the future , and help us achieve our ends .
It adds :
… Our forces will be strong enough to dissuade potential adversaries from pursuing a military build - up in hopes of surpassing or equaling the power of the US .
To accomplish this , the US will require bases and stations within and beyond western Europe and Northeast Asia .
In light of such clear objectives , it is highly unlikely that the US government will allow a truly sovereign Iraq , unfettered by US troops either within its borders or monitoring it from abroad , anytime soon .
The Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA ) between the Iraqi and US governments indicate an ongoing US presence past both the August 2010 deadline to remove all combat troops , and the 2011 deadline to remove the remaining troops .
According to all variations of the SOFA the US uses to provide a legal mandate for it ’s nearly 1,000 bases across the planet , technically , no US base in any foreign country is “ permanent . ”
Thus , the US bases in Japan , South Korea and Germany that have existed for decades are not “ permanent . ”
Technically .
Most analysts agree that the US plans to maintain at least five “ enduring ” bases in Iraq .
Noted US writer , linguist and political analyst Noam Chomsky , said , “ Bases [ abroad ] are the empire .
They are the point of projection of power and expansion of power . ”
Chalmers Johnson , author and professor emeritus of UC San Diego commented , “ In a symbolic sense [ bases ] are a way of showing that America stands there watching . ”
Longtime defense analyst from George Washington University , Gordon Adams , told The Associated Press that in the broader context of reinforcing US presence in the oil - rich Middle East , bases in Iraq are preferable to aircraft carriers in the Persian Gulf .
“ Carriers do n’t have the punch .
There ’s a huge advantage to land - based infrastructure .
At the level of strategy it makes total sense to have Iraq bases . ”
According to Professor Zoltan Grossman of The Evergreen State College , who has been researching military bases and participating in the global network against foreign bases for several years , the US has no intention of releasing control of its bases in Iraq .
The Pentagon , he believes , has many old tricks to mask a military presence and armed pressure .
In an interview with Truthout he observed :
Since the Gulf War , the US has not just been building the bases to wage wars , but has been waging wars to leave behind the bases .
The effect has been to create a new US military sphere of influence wedged in the strategic region between the E.U. , Russia and China .
The Pentagon has not been building these sprawling , permanent bases just to hand them over to client governments .
Grossman ’s prediction for Iraq :
Look for a Visiting Forces Agreement - of the kind negotiated with the Philippines - that allows supposedly ‘ visiting ’ US forces unrestricted access to its former bases .
Similarly , constant joint military exercises can keep US troops continually visible and intimidating to Iraqis .
Even after 2011 , nothing in the Iraq Status of Forces Agreement prevents US bombers ( stationed in Kuwait and elsewhere ) from attacking Iraqi targets whenever they want , just as they did between 1991 and 2003 .
Nothing prevents the type of missile or Special Forces attacks like we ’re seeing in Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia .
Nothing prevents CIA or contractors from participating in Iraqi missions or intelligence operations .
Adding credence to this , we have Article 6 of the US / Iraqi SOFA discussing “ agreed facilities , ” Article 27 mentions “ mutually agreed … military measures ” after 2011 and Article 28 talks of a scenario where Iraq is able to “ request ” US security in the International Zone ( Green Zone . )
Gray Language
Chapter six of the 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review Report stated :
In February 2009 , President Obama outlined the planned drawdown of US forces in Iraq to 50,000 troops and the change in mission by August 31 , 2010 .
By this time , US forces will have completed the transition from combat and counterinsurgency to a more limited mission set focused on training and assisting the Iraqi Security Forces ( $ 2 billion has already been set aside for this for FY2011 ) ; providing force protection for US military and civilian personnel and facilities ; and conducting targeted counterterrorism operations and supporting US civilian agencies and international organizations in their capacity - building efforts .
The report further clarifies that US troop drawdowns “ will occur in accordance ” with the SOFA , but that “ the pace of the drawdown takes into consideration Iraq ’s improved , yet fragile , security gains ” and “ provides US commanders sufficient flexibility to assist the Iraqis with emerging challenges . ”
On May 15 , 2006 , Gen. John Abizaid , overseeing US military operations in Iraq at the time , said , “ The United States may want to keep a long - term military presence in Iraq to bolster moderates against extremists in the region and protect the flow of oil . ”
On March 12 , 2010 , Maj. Gen. Tony Cucolo , the commander of US troops in Northern Iraq , told reporters during a conference call that it might be necessary to keep combat troops involved in the security mechanism that maintains peace between Iraqi national and Kurdish regional forces beyond the August deadline .
The National Security Strategy for US Missions abroad proposes to “ Ignite a new era of global economic growth through free markets and free trade and pressing for open markets , financial stability , and deeper integration of the world economy . ”
This fits perfectly with the policy outlined by the Quadrennial Defense Review Report , which says there is a stated ability for the US military to fight “ multiple overlapping wars ” and to “ ensure that all major and emerging powers are integrated as constructive actors and stakeholders into the international system . ”
Such gray language and loopholes in policy documents have been common since the US invaded Iraq seven years ago .
This has not changed with the SOFA .
“ The likelihood of the US planning to keep troops in Iraq after December 31 , 2011 has to be measured in the context of the history of US violations of other countries ’ sovereign territory , airspace , etc. , ” Phyllis Bennis , director of the New Internationalism Project with the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington , DC , explained to Truthout .
“ At the moment , this is perhaps most obvious in Pakistan - where the US has been routinely attacking alleged Taliban or al Qaeda supporters with both air and [ limited ] ground troops in Pakistani territory despite the stated opposition of the Pakistani government which is nominally allied to the US . ”
“ The early public discussions of ‘ re - missioning ’ combat troops , changing their official assignment from combat to ‘ training ’ or ‘ assistance , ’ thus allowing them to remain in Iraq after the August 2010 deadline for all combat troops to be removed from the country , provides the model for how such sleight of language will occur , ” Bennis said , adding , “ It may or may not be linked to a future ‘ need ’ for US troops to remain to protect the increasing numbers of US government civilians assigned to Iraq as the official number of troops decreases . ”
Bennis explained that the language of the SOFA is grounded in the claim that Iraq is a sovereign nation and that the government of Iraq is choosing freely to partner with the US government .
But the reality , according to Bennis , is that the SOFA was negotiated and signed while Iraq was ( and continues to be today ) a country occupied and controlled by the United States .
Its government is and was at the time of the SOFA ’s signing dependent on the US for support .
In Article 27 of the SOFA , the text stated , “ in the event of any external or internal threat or aggression against Iraq that would violate its sovereignty , political independence , or territorial integrity , waters , airspace , its democratic system or its elected institutions , and upon request by the Government of Iraq , the Parties shall immediately initiate strategic deliberations and , as may be mutually agreed , the United States shall take appropriate measures , including diplomatic , economic , or military measures , or any other measure , to deter such a threat . ”
While the agreement is ostensibly binding only for three years , Article 30 permits amendments to the SOFA , which could , of course , include extending its timeframe - and with the Iraqi government still qualitatively dependent on US support , this appears likely .
The same is true for Article 28 , which states , “ The Government of Iraq may request from the United States Forces limited and temporary support for the Iraqi authorities in the mission of security for the Green Zone . ”
She concluded :
There is no question that the US has wanted for many years to establish and maintain military bases in Iraq , whether or not they are officially designated as “ permanent . ”
I do not believe the Pentagon is prepared to hand them all over to Iraq , despite the language in the agreement mandating exactly that .
Instead , I think the formal arrangement following expiration of the current SOFA may be through some sort of officially “ bilateral ” agreement between Washington and Baghdad , allowing for the US to “ rent ” or “ lease ” or “ borrow ” the bases from an allegedly “ sovereign ” government in Iraq on a long - term basis .
The likelihood of this increases with the growing number of statements from US military and political officials hinting broadly at the possibility of a long - term presence of US troops in Iraq after December 31 , 2011 , “ if the sovereign government of Iraq should request such an idea …
Faculty Director of the Undergraduate College of Global Studies at Stony Brook University in New York , Professor Michael Schwartz , has written extensively on insurgency and the US Empire .
He pointed out to Truthout that President Obama ’s “… actions have made it very clear that he is unwilling to sacrifice the 50,000 - strong strike force , even while he has also said he would abide by the SOFA and remove all troops from Iraq by the end of 2011 .
In the meantime , Gates and various generals have released hedging statements or trial balloons saying that the 2011 deadline might be impractical and that various types of forces might stay longer , either to provide air power , to continue training the Iraq military , or to protect Iraq from invasion .
Any or all of these could translate into the maintenance of the 50 k strike force as well as the five ‘ enduring bases . ’ ”
That the Obama administration intends to maintain a significant military presence in Iraq after 2011 is obvious from its continued insistence that in Iraq “ democracy ” must be guaranteed .
Schwartz explained :
In Washington speak this means that the government of Iraq must be an ally of the United States , a condition that has been iterated and reiterated by all factions ( GOP and Democrat ) in Washington , since the original invasion .
Given the increasing unwillingness of the Maliki administration to follow US dictates ( for example , on oil contracts , on relations with Iran , and on relations with Anbar and other Sunni provinces ) , the removal of troops would allow Maliki even more leeway to pursue policies unacceptable to Washington .
Thus , even if Maliki succeeds himself in the Premiership , the US may need troops to keep the pressure on him .
If he does not succeed himself , then the likely alternate choices are far more explicit in their antagonism to integration of Iraq into the US sphere of interest … the Obama administration would then be left with the unacceptable prospect that withdrawal would result in Iraq adopting a posture not unlike Iran ’s with regard to US presence and influence in the Middle East .
His grim conclusion :
All in all , there are myriad signs that withdrawal of US troops might result in Iraq breaking free from US influence and / or deprive the United States of the strong military presence in that part of the Middle East that both Bush and Obama advocated and have struggled to establish .
Until I see some sign that the five bases are going to be dismantled , I will continue to believe that the US will find some reason - with or without the consent of the Iraqi government - to maintain a very large ( on the order of 50 k ) military force there .
Expanding the Base
The US embassy in Iraq , already the largest diplomatic compound on the planet and the size of the Vatican City , is now likely to be doubled in size .
Robert Ford , the deputy chief of mission in Baghdad , told reporters in January , “ If Congress gives us the money we are asking for , this embassy is going to be twice the size it is now .
It ’s not going down , it ’s getting bigger . ”
In 2005 , The Washington Post reported :
An even more expensive airfield renovation is underway in Iraq at the Balad air base , a hub for US military logistics , where for $ 124 million the Air Force is building additional ramp space for cargo planes and helicopters .
And farther south , in Qatar , a state - of - the - art , 104,000 - square - foot air operations center for monitoring US aircraft in the Middle East , Central Asia and Africa is taking shape in the form of a giant concrete bunker … the US military has more than $ 1.2 billion in projects either underway or planned in the Central Command region - an expansion plan that US commanders say is necessary both to sustain operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and to provide for a long - term presence in the area .
Lt. Gen. Walter E. Buchanan III , who oversees Central Command ’s air operations pointed out , “ As the ground force shrinks , we ’ll need the air to be able to put a presence in parts of the country where we do n’t have soldiers , to keep eyes out where we do n’t have soldiers on the ground . ”
In 2007 in a piece titled “ US Builds Air base in Iraq for the Long Haul ” NPR reported , “ The US military base in Balad , about 60 miles north of Baghdad , is rapidly becoming one of the largest American military installations on foreign soil …
The base is one giant construction project , with new roads , sidewalks , and structures going up across this 16 - square - mile fortress in the center of Iraq , all with an eye toward the next few decades . ”
It is so big that , “ There is a regular bus service within its perimeter to ferry around the tens of thousands of troops and contractors who live here .
And the services are commensurate with the size of the population .
The Subway sandwich chain is one of several US chains with a foothold here .
There are two base exchanges that are about as large as a Target or K - Mart .
Consumer items from laptop computers to flat - screen TV’s to Harley Davidson motorcycles are available for purchase . ”
The report added , “ Several senior military officials have privately described Balad Air Base , and a few other large installations in Iraq , as future bases of operation for the US military . ”
The term used is “ lily pad , ” a description of the military jumping from base to base without ever touching the ground in between .
In September 2009 The New York Times reported about Balad :
It takes the masseuse , Mila from Kyrgyzstan , an hour to commute to work by bus on this sprawling American base .
Her massage parlor is one of three on the base ’s 6,300 acres and sits next to a Subway sandwich shop in a trailer , surrounded by blast walls , sand and rock .
At the Subway , workers from India and Bangladesh make sandwiches for American soldiers looking for a taste of home .
When the sandwich makers ’ shifts end , the journey home takes them past a power plant , an ice - making plant , a sewage treatment center , a hospital and dozens of other facilities one would expect to find in a small city .
And in more than six years , that is what Americans have created here : cities in the sand … .
Some bases have populations of more than 20,000 , with thousands of contractors and third - country citizens to keep them running .
Camp Anaconda , as the Balad base is named , also has an Olympic - sized swimming pool .
The bottling company there provides seven million bottles of water a month for those on base .
This base also contains two fire stations and the single busiest landing strip in the entire Defense Department .
A 2006 Associated Press story , “ Elaborate US Bases raise long - term questions , ” gave the following account :
[ At Balad ] the concrete goes on forever , vanishing into the noonday glare , 2 million cubic feet of it , a mile - long slab that ’s now the home of up to 120 US helicopters , a “ heli - park ” as good as any back in the States .
At another giant base , al - Asad in Iraq ’s western desert , the 17,000 troops and workers come and go in a kind of bustling American town , with a Burger King , Pizza Hut and a car dealership , stop signs , traffic regulations and young bikers clogging the roads .
The latest budget also allots $ 39 million for new airfield lighting , air traffic control systems and upgrades allowing al - Asad to plug into the Iraqi electricity grid - a typical sign of a long - term base .
At Tallil , besides the new $ 14 million dining facility , Ali Air Base is to get , for $ 22 million , a double perimeter security fence with high - tech gate controls , guard towers and a moat - in military parlance , a “ vehicle entrapment ditch with berm . ”
Truthout contacted renowned journalist and filmmaker John Pilger for his views :
Like Afghanistan , the occupation of Iraq is more a war of perception than military reality .
I do n’t believe the US has the slightest intention of leaving Iraq .
Yes , there will be the “ drawdown ” of regular troops with the kind of fanfare and ritual designed to convince the American public that a genuine withdrawal is happening .
But the sum of off - the - record remarks by senior generals , who are ever conscious of the war of perception , is that at least 70,000 troops will remain in various guises .
Add to this up to 200,000 mercenaries .
This is an old ruse .
The British used to “ withdraw ” from colonies and leave behind fortress - bases and their Special Forces , the SAS .
Bush invaded Iraq as part of a long - term US design to restore one of the pillars of US policy and empire in the region : in effect , to make all of Iraq a base .
The invasion went badly wrong and the “ country as base ” concept was modified to that of Iraq indirectly controlled or intimidated by a series of fortress - bases .
These are permanent .
This is also the US plan for Afghanistan .
One has to keep in mind that US foreign policy is now controlled by the Pentagon , whose man is Robert Gates .
It is as if Bush never left office .
Under Bush there was an effective military coup in much of Washington ; the State Department was stripped of its power ; and Obama did as no president has ever done : he brought across from a previous , discredited administration the entire war making bureaucracy and gave it virtually unlimited power .
The only way the US will leave is for the resistance to rise again , and for Shiites and Sunni to unite ; I think that will happen .
Captain , My Captain
On March 4 , 2010 , as a guest on NPR ’s “ The Diane Rehm Show , ” Thomas Ricks , who was the military correspondent for the Washington Post , referring to President Obama ’s promises to withdraw from Iraq , said , “ I would say you should n’t believe [ it ] because I do n’t think it ’s going to happen .
I think we ’re going to have several thousand , several tens of thousands of US troops in Iraq on the day President Obama leaves office . ”
Gen . George Casey , the chief of staff of the US Army , stated last May that his planning for the Army envisions combat troops in Iraq for a decade as part of a sustained US commitment to fighting extremism and terrorism in the Middle East .
“ Global trends are pushing in the wrong direction , ” he said , “ They fundamentally will change how the Army works . ”
Senior CIA analyst Ray McGovern , who served under seven presidents - from John Kennedy to George H. W. Bush - explained to Truthout , “ Since 2003 I ’ve been suggesting that the Iraq war was motivated by the acronym OIL : oil , Israel , and Logistics ( military bases to further the interests of the first two ) . ”
In January 2008 , McGovern wrote of statements signed by George W. Bush when he was in the White House :
Contrary to how President George W. Bush has tried to justify the Iraq war in the past , he has now clumsily - if inadvertently - admitted that the invasion and occupation of Iraq was aimed primarily at seizing predominant influence over its oil by establishing permanent ( the administration favors “ enduring ” ) military bases .
He made this transparently clear by adding a signing statement to the defense appropriation bill , indicating that he would not be bound by the law ’s prohibition against expending funds :
g >1 ) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq , ” or “ (2 ) To exercise United States control of the oil resources of Iraq . ”
At the Chicago Council on Global Affairs on November 20 , 2006 , in a speech titled “ A Way Forward in Iraq , ” Sen . Barack Obama , who had not yet become the commander in chief of the US military , declared :
Drawing down our troops in Iraq will allow us to redeploy additional troops to Northern Iraq and elsewhere in the region as an over - the - horizon force .
This force could help prevent the conflict in Iraq from becoming a wider war , consolidate gains in Northern Iraq , reassure allies in the Gulf , allow our troops to strike directly at al Qaeda wherever it may exist , and demonstrate to international terrorist organizations that they have not driven us from the region .
On March 16 , 2010 , Gen. David Petraeus , head of US Central Command , told lawmakers that the US military may set up an additional headquarters in northern Iraq even after the September 2010 deadline .
Petraeus said that putting a headquarters in northern Iraq was “ something we are looking at . ”
What reason is there to doubt our commander in chief ’s assertion that there is need to maintain an ( approximately 50,000 strong ) US “ strike force ” in or near Iraq to guarantee US interests in the Middle East , to allow Washington to move quickly against jihadists in the region and to make clear to “ our enemies ” that the US will not be “ driven from the region ” ?
Bhaswati Sengupta contributed to this report .
___________________________________________________________________________________
Source : http://dahrjamailiraq.com/operation-enduring-occupation
One of the most striking images from The Terminator was the weapon he carried and used in his first attempt on Sarah Connor 's life : the .45 Longslide , with laser sighting .
Who can forget the scene in the gun shop ?
The gun was likewise such a striking presence on screen it was used on the film 's poster .
There are T - shirts dedicated to the gun .
Terminator was released in 1984 , and while laser sights on weapons are common now , when the film was first shown the red laser was able to communicate something subtle and powerful to the audience : this is a machine , deadly accurate and futuristic .
It made the Terminator seem other - worldly and terrifying .
At a party during CES , Deputy Editor Jon Stokes and I bumped into some representatives from SureFire , a company that specializes in tactical flashlights .
We talked about some of our favorite moments with technology in cinema , and The Terminator came up .
" We created that laser ! " I was told .
They told me the gentleman who built the prop was named Ed Reynolds , and he was still with the company .
More than a little jazzed about bumping into a fun part of film history , we knew we had to get the full story behind the Terminator 's gun .
What you can get for a T - Shirt
" I 'm vice president of the Operations Group .
We keep the place running , " Reynolds said when we spoke on the phone .
How did he get involved with the Terminator ?
" I got a call from one of the prop houses , and they told me what they wanted to do .
They came down and met with me , and told me they wanted something to go on the weapon . "
What weapon ?
" AMT Longslide , Hardballer . "
This was n't the first time Reynolds had put a laser on a gun .
As early as 1978 he designed a laser sight for the Colt Trooper .357 Magnum .
" It was a viable product out in the marketplace , primarily law enforcement .
They were also very expensive , and we highly modified the weapon .
We had to machine the frame and mounts ; the sights were taken off the weapon to mount the laser on top .
We designed a power supply that was smaller than a small candy bar and had to fit inside the grip , fed by a rechargeable 12 volt battery . "
This was the early days of lasers for commercial use .
" At that time we were dealing with helium neon laser .
All the newer lasers are solid state , about the size of an aspirin or smaller . "
HeNe lasers are much larger than that , he explained , and required about 10,000 volts to get started .
Once ignited , they take 1,000 volts to keep them running .
That makes the power supply a tricky thing to design .
Reynolds had made a small power supply for the Colt , and also designed power supplies for lasers placed on a shotgun and the Ruger Mini - 14 .
A laser - sighted M - 16 was also created .
Each of these weapons required a new design , but the prop house asking about the weapon was n't willing to ... well , pay for anything .
The weapon with the cable shown , leading to the power supply .
" We spent quite a bit of money creating a power supply to fit in the Colt Trooper .
These people came to us , and they wanted this for free , " Reynolds explained .
" I ended up getting a t - shirt , a sweatshirt , a baseball cap , and a poster .
That 's all the company got , outside of a small credit at the end of the movie . "
There were two props made for the movie : one shell that looked good but was non-functional , and a working model with a laser that actually fired .
Since there was no money for a custom power supply , there was a line running from the laser to a cable that connected to an external power supply .
To fire the laser , Arnold Schwarzenegger had to reach into his coat pocket with his other hand and flip a switch .
The complete assembly .
After the creation of the gun
The finished gun became a large part of the film , figuring in multiple key scenes and becoming a large element in the poster .
" I 've seen postcards in Europe with the same picture on it , " Reynolds told Ars .
" The company does n't get a lot of things off it .
I got to benefit because I could say , ' Hey , I did that ! '
I do n't know how many people sit in the movie before the date shows and the screen goes blank , and that 's how long you 'd have to be there until you know where the laser comes from . "
He says it was worth it to look back as an accomplishment , and recently Schwarzenegger sent a signed poster .
" I only watched it one time in the theater , and I was n't there trying to gauge response .
I was just in awe thinking , this is a weapon I made , up on screen .
It was a pretty exciting movie , there were plenty of heart - pounding scenes , " Reynolds said .
Free t- shirts are n't much in the way of payment for creating an iconic weapon in science fiction history , but the scene speaks for itself .
Ed Reynolds was a fascinating man to speak with , and we'd like to thank him for his time .
Days before Steven P. Jobs , the chief executive of Apple , introduces his Next Big Thing ( the consensus holds it will be a sleek tablet computer ) , I called up Gary Snyder , the Beat - era poet who writes about the American wilderness .
Now , Mr. Snyder might not seem the best person to ask to reflect on the milestones of the digital age .
He is 79 and lives in the Sierra foothills in Northern California .
But his world and that of the early personal computer makers , like Mr. Jobs , overlapped , in both time and space .
He has a nuanced understanding of computers .
He is a devoted Macintosh user , though he said he wrote with whatever was at hand .
And while everyone in Silicon Valley is on the edge of their seat waiting for Apple ’s introduction on Wednesday of its newest “ creation , ” Mr. Snyder is taking a wait - and - see attitude .
Word of an Apple book replacement had not yet reached him in the California backcountry where he lives without electricity .
He almost never uses a cellphone and has no use for BlackBerrys .
He considers texting “ abhorrent . ”
The Hurt Locker has been nominated for nine awards A producer for Oscar - nominated war film The Hurt Locker will not be allowed to attend the awards ceremony after breaking Academy rules .
Nicolas Chartier has been barred from the event after sending an e-mail to voters urging them to name his movie as best film over rival Avatar .
Academy rules prohibit the mailing of members to promote or disparage a film .
But should The Hurt Locker win best picture , Chartier will still receive his Oscar statuette at a later date .
In his email , which was sent to members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in late February , Chartier asked members to choose The Hurt Locker over what he described as " a $ 500 million film " - a clear reference to fellow best picture contender Avatar .
Subsequent emails , posted by the Los Angeles Times , showed Chartier asking Oscar voters to rank his film at number one and Avatar at number 10 among the list of nominated films .
' Negative or derogatory light '
Although he later apologised , citing " naivete , ignorance of the rules and plain stupidity as a first - time nominee " for the error , the Academy said Chartier had violated campaigning standards .
" Chartier had recently disseminated an email to certain Academy voters and other film industry figures in which he solicited votes for his own picture and disparaged one of the other contending films .
" Academy rules prohibit ' casting a negative or derogatory light on a competing film ' , " the Academy said in a statement .
OSCAR PROMOTIONAL RULES
Academy rules concerning the promotion of films include : Emails sent to Academy members may not extol the merits of a film , an achievement or an individual .
Contacting Academy members by telephone to promote a film is expressly forbidden , even if it is in the guise of checking a screener tape was received .
Receptions , lunches , dinners or other events to which Academy members are invited specifically designed to promote a film are expressly forbidden .
Ads , mailings , websites or any other forms of communication attempting to promote a particular film by casting a negative or derogatory light on a competing film are not permitted .
In particular , any tactic that singles out " the competition " by name or title is expressly forbidden However organisers stopped short of the harsher penalty of withdrawing Chartier 's nomination , which would have kept him from receiving an Oscar statuette if his film won .
The punishment is ironic , as Academy rules state only three producers are eligible to be awarded the best picture statuette .
Director Kathryn Bigelow , screenwriter Mark Boal - both of whom are also producers on the film - and third producer Greg Shapiro all lobbied for Chartier 's inclusion .
After deliberations , the Academy conceded .
The penalty against Chartier does not affect the other three producers , who are free to attend the Oscars .
Both The Hurt Locker and Avatar are up for nine awards at the Oscars ceremony on 7 March .
Meanwhile , A US Army sergeant is suing the makers of The Hurt Locker , claiming the central character in the film is based on him .
Jeffrey Sarver says screenwriter Boal based " virtually all of the situations " in the film on events involving him and claims he coined the phrase " the hurt locker " .
The Hurt Locker 's distributor , Summit Entertainment , said the film was a " fictional account " about soldiers in the battlefield .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chinese girl , 9 , becomes one of world 's youngest mothers after giving birth to a baby boy
A nine - year - old Chinese schoolgirl has become one of the world 's youngest mothers after giving birth to a healthy boy .
The unnamed girl was brought to a hospital in Changchun , which lies in the north - east of the country , when she was eight and a half months pregnant .
Two days later , she gave birth to the 6lb boy by Caesarean section , a Chinese newspaper has reported .
The girl , nine , who apparently gave birth to a healthy baby boy is said to come from the town of Songyuan ( pictured ) in north - east China .
Her family refuse to discuss the pregnancy , but say they have reported it to the police
GIRLS REACHING PUBERTY AT EVER YOUNGER AGES Menstruation usually starts at the age of 12 but it is not uncommon for it start earlier .
In the western world children are reaching puberty at younger and younger ages - some girls at the age of seven .
Many blame rising obesity rates because , generally , girls who achieve menstruation earlier in life tend to have greater body mass index and a higher ratio of fat compared to those who begin menstruation later .
University of Bristol research has suggested one girl in six reaches puberty before the age of eight - 18 months earlier than their mothers .
Periods are a sign that a girl is now releasing fertile eggs which makes her able to conceive
The child comes from the nearby town of Songyuan .
Her family refused to discuss the pregnancy , but confirmed they had reported it to the police .
Last night police were reportedly trying to establish who the father is .
In the province , sex with a child under the age of 14 brings an automatic rape conviction and a lengthy jail sentence .
A legal expert told the paper that women under the age of 14 do not have sexual rights - ' so any argument of being consensual as a defence is completely untenable , ' he said .
He added : ' Anyone who had sexual relations with a girl under 14 means they have committed rape and is to be punished severely . '
A hospital in China 's largest city , Shanghai , recently said that about 30 per cent of abortions were on school - aged girls .
The youngest reported mother in the world - and the most bizarre of all young pregnancy cases - is five - year - old Lina Medina of Peru , who gave birth to a 6lb son named Gerardo in a Caesarean operation in 1939 .
Lina Medina , accompanied by her 11 - month - old - son Gerardo , and Dr Lozada who helped with the birth .
The picture was taken in 1939 in a hospital in Lima , Peru 's capital
Her father was arrested on suspicion of sexual abuse but was later released because of lack of evidence .
In 1957 another Peruvian girl , aged nine , gave birth to a girl weighing just over 6lb and , curiously , it was in 2006 that yet another Peruvian girl , aged eight , gave birth to a 4lb 4 oz girl .
Several other girls aged nine , from Thailand , Singapore , Rwanda and Brazil , have also given birth .
Mothers aged as young as 10 and 11 have also become an increasing occurrence .
The youngest mother in Britain is believed to have been 11 when she got pregnant and 12 years old when she gave birth .
Hans von Storch reports that Edinburgh University 's Tom Crowley has been doing some auditing himself , writing to Ross McKitrick to find out how much loot the Canadian is receiving from Big Oil .
Unfortunately it appears that the well - organised denier movement forgot to fund one of the most prominent sceptics of all .
Which prompts a question :
Are the Hockey Team conspiracy theorists ?
Discuss .
Originally was a joke about the NiGHTS game that came out for Wii where I could n't tell what the hell was up with that flying lady .
I have a jigsaw puzzle and I cant figure it out election2008 Posted by admin
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 10 votes ) Views : 71818
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 10 votes ) Views : 71818
I have a jigsaw puzzle and I can't figure it out .
What is it supposed to be when it 's finished ?
Tags : comic , election , palin , biden
Many years ago , when I was a student at UT Austin and we had to call in ( on phones , no less ) to do our registration , the kindly Texan autom ...
Money in Socialist Economies : The Case of North Korea
Ruediger Frank
Introduction
Dated January 29 , 2010 , the Foreign Trade Bank of the DPRK ( North Korea ) issued document No. DC033 10-004 to diplomatic missions and international organizations present in North Korea .
They were informed that the use of foreign currency was to be stopped , payments were to be made in the form of non-cash cheques , and that the official exchange rate of the Euro to the North Korean Won was changed from 188.2 KPW to 140 KPW , effective January 2 , 2010 .
Foreign institutions and organizations now have to obtain non-cash cheques from the Foreign Trade Bank , denominated in KPW , in order to pay for accommodations , meals and service fees in hotels , fares for transport services like railways and airlines , communication charges , inspection fees , registration fees and commissions paid to institutions and enterprises in the DPRK , fuel , office materials , spare parts for vehicles , electricity , water , heating charges and rent .
Bank transfers are now mandatory for any transfers between international organizations and all money paid to institutions and organizations of the DPRK ( including the salary of DPRK citizens working in embassies or international organizations ) .
A recent visitor to Pyongyang confirmed in a talk with the author that individuals are subject to a cumbersome process if they wish to purchase anything .
Rather than using a standard hard currency or exchanging it into the new Won , they now have to obtain a receipt stating the price of the good they want to buy , then present this at a desk where they exchange their money into exactly the needed amount of North Korean money , and finally return to the shop assistant , hand over the exact amount , and receive the product .
In the preceding weeks , North Korea had made international headlines related to what seems to be a concerted economic policy initiative .
The domestic currency was reformed in a way that obviously aimed at reducing the amount of money in circulation ( link ) .
A few weeks later news emerged that the use of foreign currencies was banned ( link ) .
This is no doubt a dramatic move with far - reaching consequences .
Money matters for personal lives and for society , so when a country initiates a currency reform , it has significant repercussions .
But what are these consequences for the specific case of North Korea in early 2010 ?
Are people in various sectors of society better off now , or worse ?
Will the economy benefit or suffer ?
Do the reforms promote or impede foreign trade and investment ?
Will the domestic political situation become more stable , or will it deteriorate ?
Are the economic reforms of 2002 reversed , or were they intended to be a temporary measure from the outset ?
Should we even interpret the currency reforms as part of the process of power succession ?
Money and its functions
To understand the possible motives and effects of the above - said measures , it is helpful to briefly remember what money is actually good for .
People living in market economies , no matter how regulated or liberal these are , usually take it for granted that money serves as a means to store value , as a medium of payment and exchange , or as an accounting unit .
Money translates most of our multiple and complex preferences created by taste , custom , shortage , future expectations etc. into one common language .
By expressing the subjective and context - sensitive value of goods and services in terms of money , these goods become objectively comparable both domestically and across borders .
This is essential for rational decision - making on many levels for individuals , society and the state .
Thanks to money , we can designate a good as cheap or expensive and decide whether to or not to buy it .
We see whether the wage for a particular job is high enough or too low , a factor upon which we base employment decisions .
Money helps to determine whether a person is rich or poor , and on this basis should be taxed heavily or receive welfare benefits .
A producer can readily see whether costs exceed revenues , and whether the return on investment justifies the time and labor spent and the risk taken .
Money has important political functions beyond the individual realm .
Central banks can promote or slow growth by adjusting the interest rate .
We consider people poor if they have less than a certain amount of money available per day , and may call on the state to intervene if managers receive “ excessive ” bonuses .
Money is used to determine and fine - tune policies such as minimum wages or social welfare .
Money is also a simplistic but powerful tool to quantify the size and growth rate of an economy .
In one word , our whole lives as individuals or as a group , would be unthinkable without money .
This is hardly new – but still far from being the universal norm .
Money and socialism
Unlike communism , which is an ideal society that is often said to require no money , socialism is not a moneyless economy .
Socialism is a child of the ideal ’s ugly sister , reality .
As such , it is posited as an intermediary stage en route from capitalism to communism .
In socialist theory , the political power of the working class has already been established , but in society and economy many remnants of the old capitalist system and values still persist and need to be overcome step by step .
Money is one of these .
Communist theory posits that the storage of value , the exchange of goods and services , and accounting will no longer be necessary .
Superabundance of everything makes the issue of dealing with scarcity – which is what economics is all about – obsolete .
Hence , under communism , there is no need for money or other forms of private property .
However , despite claims by overambitious political leaders or their badly informed Western enemies , communism has never actually been achieved .
The duality of socialism and communism is much more than just a subtle difference or a synonym .
When we look at the role of money in the Soviet Union , the former Eastern Bloc , or North Korea , it is clear that socialism is the name of the game .
One distinctive feature of socialism in these countries is that it is not a moneyless society .
However , money as such clearly stands in conflict with the political and ideological idea behind socialism .
The result is a somewhat schizophrenic situation .
On the one hand , money is disdained and restricted as a source of evil , but on the other it is needed for the orderly conduct of economic affairs in naturally imperfect socialist societies and hence is issued and circulated by the state , wages are paid in money and money circulates in markets .
The functions of money in socialist economies are nevertheless severely constrained .
Most prices are set by the state for political reasons and do not reflect relative scarcity .
Access to money alone is often not enough to purchase something ; goods must also be physically available , one has to have access , and sometimes even a permit to buy .
Individuals may think that they store value by accumulating money , enterprises may attempt to do rigorous accounting , bureaucrats may believe that they maintain fiscal stability , but they can not know for sure .
Money in socialist societies is only imperfectly exchangeable into other goods .
It can only with strong limitations be used to estimate the absolute value of something , and even relative value ( for example , “ how many months must I work for a car ? ” ) may be indeterminate .
Under socialism , prices keep sending signals – but frequently the wrong ones .
In any society the flow of goods and services must be regulated somehow .
If money is incapable of accomplishing this , coping strategies emerge .
These include barter trade , the use of foreign ( hard ) currencies , or the use of political capital .
Regarding related effects , the experience of the Eastern Bloc is rich and telling ( see , among others , Rüdiger Frank and Sabine Burghart , eds. , Driving Forces of Socialist Transformation .
North Korea and the Experience of Europe and East Asia ) .
North Korea - A “ better version ” of socialism ?
Its undisputed particularities notwithstanding , North Korea is a socialist economy , one in which the action of market forces is severely limited .
For a long time , it looked like a textbook case of Janos Kornai ’s ( 1992 ) model of a classical socialist economy .
For decades , there was no free interplay of supply and demand , prices were set by the state , and coordination of economic activities took place centrally and via administrative tools rather than spontaneously and regulated by money .
The focus of production was on quantity , there was no labor market , and barter trade was dominant with socialist partners and domestically .
However , until the mid-1990s , unlike its Eastern European brothers , North Korea had not excessively violated its own ideological and political principles in terms of running the economy .
Most importantly , North Korea was long able to avoid the most dangerous political effect of being poor – embarrassment .
Unlike in East Germany , there were no capitalist cars driving the country ’s highways .
Under the transit agreement effective since 1972 ( link ) , West Germans could use East German highways on their way to West Berlin from Hamburg , Hannover or Munich .
This earned the forex - hungry state an annual fee payable to the Foreign Trade Bank of initially 235 million Deutschmarks , rising to 525 million Deutschmarks in 1989 .
The political price for what seemed to be a good economic deal was high .
Millions of families , crammed in their outdated , noisy and smelly , yet still beloved and cherished Trabant or the slightly better Wartburg , Skoda or Lada cars , saw their pride crumble to dust on the Autobahn as Mercedes , BMWs , Audis and the other shiny products of Western car makers drove by slowly ( they were careful to observe the speed limit , as hefty fines were another source of hard currency for East Germany ) .
Propaganda did its best to point to the downsides of capitalism , but to no avail .
The number of visitors from South Korea , Japan or other Western countries to North Korea was small and their movement was restricted .
No parcels were sent regularly to the North by their Southern relatives .
In East Germany , hundreds of thousands of parcels arrived for the Easter and Christmas holiday seasons .
And an East German state - run company called “ Genex ” even specialized in arranging gifts from West to East by mail - order catalogue .
In North Korea , at least in the pre-DVD age , no Southern TV could be watched , while Western TV was legal since the 1970s in East Germany for most of the population .
With the exception of rare film festivals , there were no foreign movies in North Korean cinemas .
North Korean youth might have heard about Southern pop-stars , but they were not omnipresent as Western music was in East Germany .
Until a few years ago , hard currency stores were rare and the possession and use of other than the domestic currency was banned in North Korea .
Unlike East Germans travelling to Prague or Lake Balaton in Hungary , North Koreans abroad did not feel like second class Koreans , the ones with the “ wrong ” won , since few could travel abroad .
While in East Germany the state sold a total of almost 34,000 political prisoners to the West at an average fee of 90,000 Deutschmarks ( Rehlinger 1991 ) , there was no sale of political prisoners to the South ( or no such offers ? ) .
North Koreans did not long for bananas and coffee , as these were widely unknown and in any event there were much more substantial worries .
The main reasons why the North Korean state could afford not to follow the East German example were a lower developmental level , which facilitated curtailing individual consumer demands including the hunger for imported products , and the sharply reduced role of money by way of rationing and limited economic contacts with the West .
Nicholas Eberstadt , a long - standing expert engaged in economic research on North Korea , wrote in a recent article in the Washington Post that Kim Il - sung ’s country had come very close to a complete demonetization of its economy in the 1980s .
As odd as it may seem , such demonetization was indeed rational if we think about the basic long - term incompatibility of socialism and money .
Instead of trying to force an unfitting capitalist mechanism to work for a socialist economy , it was largely discarded .
This is particularly true for the domestic economy .
The Public Distribution System in combination with nominal state - set prices ensured that goods and services were made available according to the will of the country ’s rulers .
Accordingly , there was no need to sell the country ’s pride for hard currency .
And poverty , if it goes beyond the basic level of Maslov ’s pyramid of needs , is always relative .
Most North Koreans might have been poor in absolute terms , but not so if they looked at their equally poor neighbors in the same village or apartment bloc .
In addition , there was the trade - off between poverty and honor : emphasizing the adequately customized tradition of militant Koguryŏ ( see Petrov 2004 ) , North Koreans were taught to look down upon the heirs of Shilla to the South who lived a life of luxury while the spartanic warriors up North kept the nation ’s enemies at bay .
Better being poor but proud , rather than rich and the lackeys of the hook - nosed Americans and their Japanese allies .
We should not overstate this point , but it is hard to deny that nationalist considerations and what Selig Harrison called a “ siege mentality ” along with rally - round - the - flag phenomena play a particularly powerful role in ( North ) Korea .
Violating its own rules
Until the late 1980s , North Korean society functioned badly , but it functioned .
All the pitfalls of spooning with the enemy as observed in Europe could be avoided .
People ate , went to school or work , received ideological training , lived , loved , and died .
Ever since the mid-1950s and more visibly since the mid-1960s , North Korea had refused to join the experiments of other socialist countries with collective leadership and peaceful coexistence , with revisionism and dogmatism , with market socialism , glasnost and other dangerous ideas .
Then , after the turbulent last decade of the century , this changed dramatically .
The reasons are subject to guessing and largely remain a mystery .
They presumably included the disappearance of socialist trading partners after 1990 , the change of leadership in 1994 / 1997 , and of course the dramatic famine of 1995 - 1997 .
In 1998 , for the first time ever , a president took office in South Korea who was not strongly - anti North Korea , which might have relaxed reservations about economic interaction .
China and Vietnam showed successes in building a market economy while maintaining a one - party monopoly on power , which certainly must have encouraged the North Korean leadership to consider this alternative .
So the Mt. Kŭmgang tourism project was started , the first inter-Korean summit meeting took place in June 2000 , and Kim Jong - il wrote , in a rare Rodong Sinmun article on January 4th , 2001 , that North Koreans should prepare for a new era , acknowledge the changed environment and discard old methods ( available only in the printed Korean version , not on KCNA ) .
Strangely , and tragically , many observers failed to acknowledge or appreciate this turn even after the economic measures of July 2002 and early 2003 that eliminated state subsidies , devalued the domestic currency , upgraded the farmers markets , introduced a rudimentary macroeconomic policy , permitted more private economic activities , and essentially monetized North Korea .
My personal observations on the ground could not have been more contrasting .
As a language student in Pyongyang in 1991 , I could only shop in hotels and hard currency stores using foreign exchange certificates , and otherwise had to rely on allotments not only for food but even for subway rides .
Different Foreign exchange certificates existed for foreigners from socialist countries such as China ( red ) , and for Westerners ( green - blue ) .
Similar FECs also existed in East Germany ( Forum Scheck ) , China , and Cuba .
A decade later the economy was monetized .
Foreign Exchange Certificates were abolished , Euros and Dollars could be exchanged for North Korean won or spent directly .
There were markets seemingly everywhere , large and small ones ; legal and semi-legal restaurants and shops opened , Chinese merchants rushed in and found eager students primarily among resolute women who soon discovered and mastered the art of trading .
During one afternoon walk in Pyongyang in 2004 , I entered shops with prices marked either in domestic currency , US Dollars or Euros .
True , North Korea was not yet a market economy , but it was a far cry from the largely moneyless society it had so recently been .
An economy previously hostile to consumers now tried to lure customers with lovingly hand - crafted posters and signboards and even the announcement of discounts ( link ) .
Clearly , money mattered .
State , officials and private individuals alike did what was common almost everywhere else in the world – they tried to get hold of some of the wealth of foreign visitors .
The level of sophistication was low , but in principle , North Korea was , at least in this respect , on the way to becoming less extraordinary if not to say normal .
The effects of monetization
Not surprisingly , the delegation of some allocative functions from the state to money did the same harm to socialism ’s legitimacy and the government ’s credibility in North Korea as it did in the Eastern Bloc decades before .
As soon as North Korean currency developed from worthless paper into real money , people reacted .
At what Pyongyang officials will have seen as breathtaking speed , the decades - old paths along which North Koreans planned their lives were put to the test and supplemented or even in some cases replaced .
Money had become a serious competitor to political capital .
The latter was firmly in the hands of the state ; but money was much harder to control .
Prior to the monetization , individuals either complied with the state ’s rules or had no career .
Now they had the option to give the state the cold shoulder and gather prestige , wealth and power through money making that was beyond the reach of the state .
Many made use of this .
The whole ideological foundation of North Korea ’s society was shaken .
Previously united in poverty but also in economic equality , and employing nationalism and xenophobia to fill the vacuum left by a lack of opportunity for individual fulfillment , society was quickly divided into those who were and those who were not able to use the new chances .
Pyongyangites , the privileged few with superior access to food , education and state jobs , were stunned to see how the traditionally poor people of North Hamgyŏng and other provinces bordering China suddenly became affluent .
Chinese goods and Chinese merchants flooded the country , generating a worrisome déjà - vu for history conscious North Koreans who recalled that this was how Japan prepared colonization in the late 19th century .
Officials had accepted favors before ; this is an inevitable side effect of overregulation anywhere .
But now corruption reached new , almost limitless levels as cash , not computers , watches , cigarettes or liquor were demanded and offered .
With money , one could get almost anything ; state and individuals reacted .
The North Korean state started to sell its people , its land , and its pride just as East Germany had done .
This is how we can interpret the Kaesŏng Industrial Zone , where tens of thousands of young North Korean women worked for capitalists – the definition of exploitation .
They did so at a fraction of a South Korean wage but at higher wages than those on offer in North Korea ’s own factories .
Hard currency began to push all other considerations aside .
Their male superiors from the South provided a glimpse into the shiny life in hypermodern South Korea .
Cars , mobile phones , MP3 - players , fashion – although the situation differed , the North Korean women must have felt as jealous and embarrassed as the East German family driving in its Trabant .
The same , although on a smaller scale in terms of affected North Koreans , happened in the tourist zones .
On a macroeconomic scale , inflation , formerly hidden , now became visible .
It reduced fixed salaries heavily , adding pressure on officials and employees at state - owned companies to find alternative ways of making money .
In the first years after the economic measures of July 2002 , i.e. the official monetization , inflation reached levels estimated at 200 % annually ( link ) .
Eberstadt ( op.cit . ) provides his own estimate of inflation in North Korea .
Based on the black - market exchange rate with the US Dollar , by November 2009 the North Korean won had fallen to just 5 % of its 2002 value , a depreciation averaging over 3 % per month .
The denial of access to international markets for goods , services , technology and capital did little to help the North Korean government to overcome these difficulties .
The collapsed deal with Japan in late 2002 , i.e. the exchange of abductees against normalization and big economic aid , is just one case in point .
The timeline is indeed intriguing ( Frank 2005 ) .
All the state could do was watch , wonder , and worry .
As long as money had existed as a mere formality , access , distribution and value were of secondary importance and subject to high levels of state control .
With monetization , this changed dramatically .
Not only did money emerge as a serious competitor to the state ; it became a yardstick to measure the state ’s performance and hence had a direct influence on the legitimacy of North Korea ’s political system .
The DPRK had taken the crucial step to enter its enemy ’s game , the money game .
It is not surprising that as a beginner , without much training and lacking most of the necessary capacities , it did not do too well .
At the same time , to exacerbate an already complicated situation , the after - effects of 9 - 11 struck .
Afghanistan , then Iraq was attacked and the elite replaced , demonstrating not only the destructive power of US military might but also its determination to use it .
North Korea was singled out as one of the next potential targets by the George W. Bush administration .
So , the economic reforms threatened to destroy North Korean socialism while internally at the same time the external enemy threatened to strike at any moment .
We can speculate about a domestic power struggle , discontent among parts of the elite who worried that their country would follow Europe , bitter letters of protest coming from supporters of the system in the provinces who could not understand how Pyongyang was allowing greed and individualism to destroy the united front of collectivist North Korean society .
Turning back the wheel
The currency reforms are so far the most dramatic attempt to respond to the situation described above .
It is a bit of a mystery why it took the North Korean leadership so long to pull the emergency breaker and try to turn the ship around .
Obviously , it needed some time to fully appreciate the effects of monetization on their society .
By 2005 , it seems , the process of learning and developing a strategy to react had reached the stage of action .
The financial activities of international organizations were restricted , and the first limitations appeared on domestic trading in the markets .
Ideology reflected this trend by a growing emphasis on orthodox formulations including “ socialism ” .
While throughout 2001 and 2002 , the term had been used in a total of 441 and 487 articles , respectively , on the official website of the Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) , their number more than doubled in 2009 ( 980 articles ) and thereby even surpassed the pre-reform peak of 1999 ( 832 articles ) .
The title of the leader reflected the changed mood in North Korea , too .
In 2009 , KCNA in 1,398 articles used the term “ Secretary General ” ( ch’ongpisŏ ) , emphasizing his function as head of the Party .
In 2005 , this title was used in only 31 articles , whereas “ Great Leader ” ( widaehan ryŏngdoja ) appeared 850 times .
The latter had dropped to 37 in 2009 .
That is , the more statesman - like title “ Leader ” was replaced during the reform years to lend greater emphasis to Kim Jong - il ’s ideological position as the Party ’s leader .
Interestingly , the third and allegedly most important position that Kim Jong - il assumes - that of the top military commander is only reflected in the Korean - language version of KCNA , and even there only weakly ( 71 articles in 2009 ) .
The English edition rarely uses the title “ general ” ( chang’gun ) at all , and if so , only in referring to praise by foreigners or to songs sung by North Koreans to his glory .
Other key phrases of orthodox North Korean socialism such as collectivism ( chiptanjuŭi ) reemerged , campaigns were led against non-socialist hairstyles , a virtual ban on Western dress for women ( but strangely , not for men ) followed .
Then , the state tried to limit trading – i.e. , petty capitalism – by issuing regulations stipulating the minimum age of women who engaged in this business .
These reports have not been officially confirmed but it seems that , in a gradual process , women under the age of 50 were banned from working as merchants , apparently to no avail .
Eventually , these careful and gradual attempts at curtailing the markets were transformed into more active approaches at reviving the alternative – a centrally planned economy .
In December 2008 Kim Jong - il visited Kangsŏn and resuscitated the Ch’ŏllima - movement that had been started there half a century before , stressing massive increases in the input of ideologically motivated labor for the increase of productivity and the achievement of economic growth .
After having fallen to as few as 15 articles in 2003 ( and in 2007 , too ) , the frequency of the mention of “ Ch’ŏllima ” on the KCNA website reached the 1999 level in 2009 ( 125 articles ) .
This has led me to identify a neo-conservative trend in North Korean socialism ( link ) , not to be misunderstood as neo-liberal , but rather as neo-orthodox .
“ Conservative ” in the North Korean context means no more experiments , and instead greater state control and coordination , a renewed emphasis on self - sufficiency , a hard - line stance in foreign policy and severely regulated contacts with the outside world .
Still , it is important to note that the North Korean government had for a long time refrained from simply closing the markets and massively cracking down on the newly emerging group of people who made a living not as workers , farmers or officials , but by virtue of their own , more or less private economic activities .
Their lives were made harder and harder , but it was still possible for them to continue their ventures .
Part one of the currency reform : expropriating the new middle class
Hence , the first part of the currency reform of December 2009 should be seen as heralding a new stage in the government ’s quest to reinstall the status quo ante , i.e. , orthodox our - style socialism of the 1970s type .
By allowing only a very limited amount of money to be exchanged per person , the state effectively devalued almost all domestic cash .
Naturally , the hardest hit were those who had accumulated large amounts of money .
There were two ways to become a KP Won-millionaire in North Korea : corruption and trading .
Obviously , neither of these was in any way helpful for preserving the legitimacy and credibility of the one - party state , indeed , quite the reverse .
So , in the face of mounting problems , the authorities finally decided to take action .
Anecdotal reports have indicated dissatisfaction with the currency reform in the form of small - scale riots , a form of protest that has hitherto rarely been reported from North Korea .
The validity of such news notwithstanding , it is clear that the state took a serious risk by ending the dangerous market activities all at once .
The risk is two - fold .
First , it was not clear how the beneficiaries of the market would react .
The state was well prepared for this , since all stores were closed and security forces were sent to the places where protests seemed likely to emerge .
Equally important , and the North Korean state seems to have underestimated or not considered this at all , the destruction of the markets as a major distribution channel for staple food and other necessities created a vacuum .
One would have expected the state to prepare for taking over this crucial function of the markets instantly , but again based on anecdotal evidence , this was apparently not the case .
To speculate wildly , the simplistic logic of the state could have been that if the goods are taken from the markets , they would automatically reappear in the state ’s coffers and could be distributed as rations by the revived Public Distribution System .
However , the planners did not consider two problems : hoarding ( a typical feature of socialist economies ) , and the instant drop in inflows of food from China .
The latter refers not primarily to official trade , but above all to the supplies brought in by numerous traders and intermediaries semi-officially across the long border in the North on both sides of Mt. Paektu .
This trade bypassed statistical recording but might well have amounted to over 500,000 metric tons of food annually .
The results must have been dramatic .
Traders withheld what they had stored as they were not sure what the new prices would be ; buyers could only offer a currency that was now worthless , or a limited amount of the new currency .
Accordingly , prices shot through the roof and created a mood of hyperinflation .
The latter discourages saving , but it also discourages selling , since astute business - minded people would try to convert whatever they had accumulated into goods of stable value , such as gold , rice , or hard currency .
Real estate was a less opportune option since , as the German term “ Immobilie ” indicates , it can not be moved and hence is a risky investment in times of state crackdown on private economic activities .
Part two of the currency reform : closing the loopholes
It seems that most wealthy North Koreans and their Chinese partners opted to convert their fortunes into hard currency .
This is the most logical step ; gold is hard to get quickly and in large quantities , and it is cumbersome to store or transport .
The same is true of rice .
But Chinese Yuan , US Dollars , Euros etc. were relatively easy to come by via China or middlemen and promised to be more or less stable in value .
Most deals beyond the basic level of the actual markets had been conducted in hard currency anyway .
This was of course not unknown to the North Korean state .
Therefore , one month after the first currency reform that had devalued the domestic money , it issued a ban on the use of foreign currency .
This is not necessarily an extraordinary move , as there are only a few countries where regular transactions legally take place in other than the national currency .
However , the intention of the forex ban in North Korea was clearly connected to the goal described above , i.e. , to reestablish state control over the economy .
Hard currency was seen as a loophole to bypass the effects of the first 2009 currency reform , and this loophole would be filled .
The effects are not yet clear .
Obviously , the ban on the use of foreign currency hits those who in the past were able to benefit from access to this rare good ; this includes not only middle - aged women from the villages or intermediary traders from peripheral Northern provinces with relatives or ties in China .
It affects a large part of the central bureaucracy with close connections to the center of power .
Their reaction will not be seen on the streets .
Rather , it will take place behind the scenes , but that will not make it less powerful .
Officials who lost access to power , affluence , and a future for their children in the reforms will ask for alternatives .
If the state can offer these – fine .
If not , frustration will build among this key group that Segert ( 2009 ) has called the “ Dienstklasse ” ( service class ) .
Certainly , foreigners in North Korea will quickly feel the inconvenience of not being able to pay their bills directly .
This will not lead to the closure of embassies , but Western investors will have one more reason not to come to North Korea .
The state has significantly improved its capabilities to control the economic activities of foreigners in the country , but it has also raised transaction costs .
These do not matter for all investments , such as those made for political reasons or those backed up by strong political interests , including the US$ 10 billion by China that were reported in mid-February 2010 .
There is no indication that the North Korean state wants to end economic exchange with the outside world .
However , stage one and stage two of the currency reforms reveals the strong determination to return to the driver ’s seat and to be in full control of the domestic economy as well as of foreign economic relations .
The vision of the planners in Pyongyang is a domestic population that is supplied via state distribution and rationing , and foreign trade and investment that are channeled through the Ministry of Foreign Trade , the Foreign Trade Bank , and the Foreign Investment Bank rather than via single ministries or even , beware , single enterprises .
This would be a return to the pre-reform system , and in fact , to the pre-Kim Jong - Il system .
Has the current leadership given up on reform ?
The new money – a glance at succession ?
Again we are speculating , but it ’s worth recalling how mysterious the sudden introduction of economic reforms in the early 21st century was and still is .
Of course it has to do with the famine of 1995 - 1997 and the partial anarchy that emerged as a short - term consequence in a few areas .
But is the often stressed image of a “ state that grudgingly and without having any choice simply acknowledged changed realities ” really enough to explain why the same state pushed actively for the far - reaching and risky reforms of 2009 that we have described ?
The currency reforms have shown clearly that the North Korean state is able and willing to end a phase of economic experiments and relative laxity if it wants to .
Why did this not happen in 2002 , five years after the end of the worst of the famine , when the chance existed to return to the status quo ante ?
It is largely undisputed that the political system of North Korea is a form of authoritarianism , with the leader being a strong central figure .
Any major development , including those in economic policy , would be unthinkable without the consent of the leader .
In fact , the North Korean system is hardly reputed for fostering much creativity or initiative at lower levels of power , so Kim Jong - il might himself have had the idea of trying some Chinese - style changes .
His article in the Rodong Sinmun of Jan. 2001 , cited above , is one indicator of his personal and decisive involvement .
Interestingly , rumors about his health and about succession have coincided with the harsher parts of the North Korean campaign to return to orthodox “ our - style ” socialism , including the second Ch’ŏllima movement , the currency reforms , and the subsequent attempted closure of markets .
One often heard interpretation is that he stands behind these moves in order to prepare the ground for a transfer of power to his youngest son Kim Jong - eun .
This is a questionable conclusion , since few people will remember the work - harder - campaigns of the 150 - and 100 - day battles as pleasant , or the currency reforms as an encouraging sign .
We should take into consideration the possibility that the end of market - oriented reforms and the neoconservative swing might have to do with the weakening position of Kim Jong - il .
He has never done much to prepare one of his sons for succession ; but suddenly , as soon as his health gets worse , we see almost hasty moves .
Who is behind them - Kim Jong - il who is preparing a smooth transition to the next generation , or the paladins who worry about their power and act to assure that the public is presented with a succession model that is easy to understand and needs less preparation than , for example , the more substantial transformation to a collective leadership ?
It is no coincidence that the new currency contains some information on succession , in particular the bank notes that are dated 2008 , although we do not know for sure whether they were actually printed in that year .
Alas , North Korea has been famous for dealing very creatively with dates on paper .
In any case , in December 2009 for the first time in North Korea ’s history there is a reference to another real person on the country ’s money .
While the highest note ( 5,000 Won ) appropriately bears a picture of the Eternal President Kim Il - sung , the second - highest bill ( 2,000 Won ) shows a place that every North Korean child can identify without fail .
This is the log cabin in the secret camp beneath a rock that came to be known as Jongilbong , named after Kim Jong - il who according to official North Korean historiography was born here on one cold February night of 1942 in the midst of the heroic anti-Japanese struggle that his parents and their fellow guerillas were leading .
The name “ Jongilbong ” has been carved deeply into the rock to confirm this event .
The third highest bill ( 1,000 Won ) shows the birthplace of Kim Jong - il ’s mother Kim Jong - suk in Hoeryŏng , North Hamgyŏng province .
One precondition for Kim Jong - il to be able to pass his power on to one of his sons is that he improves his own position in the North Korean hierarchy of power .
Since 1994 , Kim Jong-il has been more the loyal son of Kim Il - sung than a leader in his own right .
If the reference to him and the family on the banknotes is aimed at elevating Kim Jong - il ’s legitimacy to a more independent status , then this would indeed be a sign of preparation for a hereditary succession .
However , we have yet to see more of this , such as a statue of Kim Jong - il or a Kim Jong - il plaza .
The “ revolutionary family ” of Mt. Paektu including Kim Il - sung ’s first wife Kim Jong - suk has been venerated for years ; this is still the image of the first generation passing on power to the second .
The third generation does not yet appear ; at best we could argue that the emphasis on the bloodline as such would benefit one of Kim Il - sung ’s grandsons .
In this regard , the new money clearly shows a significant development , but it seems too early to determine precisely the meaning for succession of the reference to Kim Jong - il and his mother on the new notes .
Outlook :
The future of money in North Korea
The current state of affairs is unclear .
The document cited at the beginning of this paper shows that by the end of January 2010 , any use of hard currency was prohibited .
By mid February , reports emerged that the state had relaxed its regulations .
The latter would be surprising and indicate a really ( too ? ) quick retraction of the most significant economic policy measure of recent years .
It is too early to make an even weakly educated guess here .
But from a long - term perspective , it seems safe to say that even if , and this is a big if , the currency reforms manage to achieve the goal of reestablishing the state ’s control over the economy and its domestic and external transactions , this is unlikely to remain stable for more than a few months or years , since the key problems of the North Korean economy remain .
The systemic deficiencies led to the famine of 1995 and to the reforms of 2002 , and there is no reason to believe that such events will not be repeated .
The heart of the problem is that the North Korean state in its current form will most likely not survive another Arduous March .
Society has changed along the lines outlined above ; this is no longer the same North Korea , even if outer appearances can be restored .
Too many people have gotten a taste of how an alternative economic model could work .
As soon as the typical problems of a strictly centralized socialist economy reemerge , and this wo n’t take long , there will be voices in various strata of society demanding a repetition of the market - oriented reform experiment , this time avoiding earlier mistakes .
Re-monetization will be part of this , one way or the other .
If a collapse can be avoided , and there is at least some reason to be optimistic here given North Korea ’s demonstrated resilience , a less xenophobic and smarter leadership in Pyongyang could cooperate more closely with its Chinese neighbors and enlist what has been the secret of all economic “ miracles ” in post - 1945 developmental dictatorships including the one south of the 38th parallel – strong , if not unconditional politically - motivated support by a powerful and potent ally .
Meanwhile , the language of North Korean propaganda had become more militant by 2009 .
The word “ confrontation ” was used in 162 KCNA articles in the year of the inter-Korean summit ( 2000 ) but rose to 562 in 2009 , which was still more than twice as many as in 2006 ( the total number of articles has remained relatively stable ) .
On the other hand , we should also mention that the frequency of “ friendship ” ( ch’insŏn ) in the Korean - language version of KCNA rose to 849 in 2009 , up from just 60 in 2002 ( and from 407 to 639 in the English language version ) .
So it seems that North Korea is not only targeting its enemies more intensively but also emphasizing alliances with friendly nations such as China and Russia , as well as the once much - touted South - South relationship and the Non-Aligned Movement .
The experience of European socialism has taught that once “ real ” money is allowed to circulate , there is only one way forward .
Monetization without letting money fulfill its functions will create a contradictory situation that can quickly turn out to be lethal for a half - hearted state .
With some luck , the currency reforms have won North Korea time to take a breath , resolve crucial issues including the future of its political leadership , and develop a better reform strategy with the help of its Chinese ally .
Ruediger Frank is Professor of East Asian Economy and Society at the University of Vienna and an Asia - Pacific Journal associate .
He is Deputy Chief Editor of the European Journal of East Asian Studies and a co-editor of The Korea Yearbook , published annually since 2007 .
He wrote this article for The Asia - Pacific Journal .
He can be contacted here .
Recommended citation : Ruediger Frank , " Money in Socialist Economies : The Case of North Korea , " The Asia - Pacific Journal , 8 - 2- 10 , February 22 , 2010 .
Fax Machine Timeline
Jamming
This may come as a surprise to some , but Bob Marley ’s hit “ ” actually has nothing to do with fax machines .
Alt - Text : Sometime in the late 90s , fax machine manufacturers got together and decided the best way to compete with advancements in paperless communication technology was to design a fax machine that also makes copies ... very slowly .
Note
The website hosted at the .com URL is not an authorized account .
Someone purchased the URL and " restored " the site from Internet archives .
It includes features I deleted ( such as a non-working link to purchase the book ) unauthorized advertising .
I apologize for any confusion this may cause .
I have no control over the .com site and do n't know who does .
Again , it is an unauthorized restoration from Internet archives .
VIDEO game consoles with motion controls like the Nintendo Wii could have a greater impact on players and need new rules , says a Government minister .
Home Affairs Minister Brendan O'Conner said a new generation of consumer electronics products were challenging the existing classification system .
" Computer game manufacturers encourage users to put down their control pads and participate physically in a game through motion - sensing technology , " he said .
" These interactive features are set to increase the impact of the material being enjoyed by consumers .
" We need to consider how increased interactivity will impact on children and what this means for content regulation . "
Mr O'Conner also named 3D televisions and DVDs that let people change viewing angles as technologies with " potential for greater interactivity " .
The minister was speaking at a conference in Sydney on the impacts of violent and sexualised media on children , run by the Australian Council on Children and the Media and Macquarie University .
Among the speakers at the event was violent video game critic Professor Craig Anderson of the Iowa State University Centre for the Study of Violence .
Professor Anderson , who owns a Wii , said greater research was needed into the effects of motion controllers .
" There are good theoretical reasons for thinking that would be true in at least two different ways , " he told news .com.au of the potential for greater impact .
" We know that immersion and involvement improves learning — learning of beliefs , attitudes , expectancies as well as skills .
" To the extent that practising the actual motions of killing in different ways actually improves someone 's skill , you sort of have to ask yourself : ' Do we want a generation of people who know how to kill people with knives and swords and guns ? ' "
" You want your military to be able to do certain things , certain very unpleasant things .
That 's why we have a military .
" But do you want ten - year - olds to be able to do that ? "
Debate around the impact of violent media on children has flared up in recent weeks after a Government call for input on an R18 + classification for games that received around 60,000 submissions .
Mr O'Conner said it was a " staggering " response and showed the degree of public interest in the debate .
He also said it was up to those campaigning for an R18 + classification to prove why one should be introduced .
" While the Government does not presently have a view about whether an R18 + classification is necessary , I believe it is incumbent on those who want to change ... to present convincing arguments , " he said .
Australia currently does not have an adult rating for games .
Titles that exceed an MA15 + rating must be refused classification and banned from sale .
In this week ’s issue of the magazine , Jane Mayer writes about the Central Intelligence Agency ’s use of drones to kill terrorist suspects in Pakistan — a program that the Obama Adminstration is relying upon more and more .
( Subscribers can access the entire article ; everyone else can buy access to this issue online . )
Mayer spoke about the costs of a remote - controlled war , the C.I.A. ’s lack of transparency , and the Pakistan ’s complicated response .
How has the use of Predator drones by the United States changed the situation in Pakistan ?
Well , there ’s good news and bad news .
According to the C.I.A. , they ’ve killed more than half of the twenty most wanted Al Qaeda terrorist suspects .
The bad news is that they ’ve inflamed anti-American sentiment , because they ’ve also killed hundreds of civilians .
And how is it different than other uses of American force ?
It ’s not coming from the military .
It ’s a covert program run by the C.I.A .
People know about Predator drones , but not that there are two programs .
The U.S. - military program is an extension of conventional military force .
The C.I.A. runs a secret targeted - killing program , which really is an unprecedented use of lethal force in places where we are not at war , such as Pakistan .
It ’s a whole new frontier in the use of force .
John Radsen , a former lawyer for the C.I.A. , told me that [ the C.I.A. ] “ does n’t have much experience with killing .
Traditionally , the agency that does that is the Department of Defense . ”
You ’ve got a civilian agency involved in targeted killing behind a black curtain , where the rules of the game are unclear , to the rest of the world and also to us .
We do n’t know , for instance , who is on the target list .
How do you get on the list ?
Can you get off the list ?
Who makes the list ?
What are the criteria ?
Where is the battlefield ?
Where does the battlefield end ?
It originally seemed simple , because in the beginning it seemed like they would just go after Al Qaeda , but the target list has been growing , particularly in Pakistan .
How do these targeted killings not violate the U.S. ban on assassinations ?
After 9/11 , the Bush Administration declared that terrorism was no longer a crime ; it was an extension of war .
Soldiers are privileged to kill enemy combatants in a war , and America is legally allowed to defend itself .
And these targeted killings became an extension of the global war on terror .
How long has there been drone activity in Pakistan ?
Is it new ?
Toward the end of the Bush Administration , the drone program in Pakistan ramped up , but when Obama became President , he accelerated it even faster .
It ’s surprising , but the Obama Administration has carried out as many unmanned drone strikes in its first ten months as the Bush Administration did in its final three years .
It ’s the favorite weapon of choice right now against Al Qaeda , and for good reason :
It ’s been effective in killing a lot of people the U.S. wants to see dead .
What does Pakistan think of the drones ?
Originally , the Pakistani people ’s reaction to the U.S. drone strikes in their country was incredibly negative .
Pakistanis rose up and complained that the program violated their sovereignty .
So , to obtain Pakistani support — or at least the support of the Zardari government — the Obama Administration quietly decided last March to allow the Pakistani government to nominate some of its own targets .
The U.S. has been and is involved in killing not just Al Qaeda figures , but Pakistani targets — people like Taliban leader Beitullah Mehsud who are enemies of the Pakistani state .
Are there any safeguards that prevent the U.S. from carrying out political vendettas for top Pakistani officials ?
Well , the problem with this program is that it ’s invisible ; I would guess there must be all kinds of legal safeguards , and lawyers at the C.I.A. are discussing who we can kill and who we can’t , but none of that is available to the American people .
It ’s quite a contrast with the armed forces , because the use of lethal force in the military is a transparent process .
There are after - action reports , and there ’s a very obvious chain of command .
We know where the responsibility runs , straight on up to the top of the government .
This system keeps checks on abuses of power .
There is no such transparency at the C.I.A .
How does the continued collateral damage from Predator drones square with General Stanley McChrystal ’s order to the military to lay off the air strikes in Afghanistan and avoid civilian deaths ?
Well , you could argue it either way .
There is less collateral damage from a drone strike than there is from an F - 16 .
According to intelligence officials , drones are more surgical in the way they kill — they usually use Hellfire missiles and do less damage than a fighter jet might .
At the same time , the fact that they kill civilians at all raises the same problem that McChrystal is trying to combat , which is that they incite people on the ground against the United States .
When you ’re trying to win a battle of hearts and minds , trying to win over civilian populations against terrorists , it can be counterproductive .
That ’s why [ the former Petraeus adviser and counterinsurgency theorist ]
David Kilcullen wrote , “ Every one of these dead non-combatants represents an alienated family , a new revenge feud , and more recruits for a militant movement . ”
Are people in Pakistan scared to move around because of the drones ?
According to some recent studies , terrorists are scampering around only at night and accusing each other of being spies and informing on one another .
So it ’s had the desired effect in unravelling terror cells .
If the C.I.A. does n’t have experience killing people , who is piloting the drones ?
It does n’t take as much talent or experience or training to pilot a drone as it does to pilot a real plane .
The skills are much like what you need to do well in a video game .
And the C.I.A. has outsourced a lot of the drone piloting , which also raises interesting legal questions , because you not have only civilians running this program , but you may have people who are not even in the U.S. government piloting the drones .
You mention in your piece that drone pilots , who work from an office , suffer from combat stress .
Someone sitting at C.I.A. headquarters in Langley , Virginia , can view and home in on a target on the other side of the world with tremendous precision , even at night , and destroy it .
Peter Singer , who wrote a book on robotic warfare , said that cubicle warriors experience the same stress as regular warriors in a real war .
Detached killing still takes a tremendous emotional toll inside our borders .
Why do you think the Obama Administration chose to rely more on drones ?
Basically because they can .
It ’s sort of the least bad option .
They ca n’t get into the tribal areas of Pakistan where a lot of Al Qaeda suspects are thought to be hiding , but they can see them with these drones .
So it ’s the only way they can get at them .
But there are all kinds of unintended consequences .
For one thing , these missile strikes could scatter Al Qaeda , and cells could move to other parts of Pakistan , maybe down toward Karachi , where the population is denser .
There have been reports of people already starting to move there .
Also , if the United States can legally kill people from the sky in a country that we ’re not at war with , other countries will argue they can do the same thing .
And the people using those joysticks in Langley and the deserts of Nevada could now be considered under international law to be engaged in warfare , which means they can legally be retaliated against .
It ’s a new horizon .
What would the outlines of a more transparent drone program look like ?
Michael Walzer , the political philosopher , has noted that when the United States goes about killing people , we usually know who they can kill and where the battlefield is .
International lawyers are calling for a public revelation of who is on this list , where can we go after them , and how many people can we take out with them .
They want to know the legal , ethical , and political boundaries of the program .
Calderoli Makes Bonfire of Unintelligible Laws
Clear - out of bureaucratic “ dross ” but much garbled legislation remains .
Government ’s decrees fill 124 volumes
MILAN – Aspiring D’Annunzio imitator Roberto Calderoli has worked his miracle .
Having announced that there were 29,100 pointless laws , he made a bonfire of 375,000 of them .
That ’s more than one a minute – including time to read the text – since Mr Calderoli took office , assuming that he has been working 12 hours a day .
Fantastic !
But there are still all the newly introduced laws to consider .
According to the Chamber of Deputies ’ legislation committee , the decrees of the present government average more than two million characters : 56 decrees with 112 million characters .
To put it another way , that ’s 124.4 volumes of 500 pages each .
Firefighters ’ representatives say that the minister ’s bonfire was “ a drama worthy of the Fascist period ” and some observers point out that book - burnings and the like have always been a feature of turbulent times .
There is also some doubt over the figures .
The report of the parliamentary committee chaired by Alessandro Pajno , frequently quoted by Mr - Calderoli , discovered “ about 21,000 legislative acts , of which 7,000 predate 31 December 1969 ” , so how did the minister arrive at 375,000 ?
Leaving quibbles aside , the key issue is : did the files burned in a fire station yard yesterday ( Mr Calderoli would have preferred Palazzo Chigi but the Prime Minister ’s Office secretary Gianni Letta is thought to have objected ) contain only ancient exercises in bureaucratic prose or were some of them more recent ?
Take article 7 of the regulations for the regional equalisation fund :
“ The difference between borrowing required to cover expenditure under article 6 , paragraph 1 , letter a ) , number 1 , calculated in accordance with the method described in letter b ) of paragraph 1 , article 6 , and the regional tax revenue set aside for the purpose , determined with exclusion of variations in revenue produced by the implementation of tax autonomy and the emergence of the tax base ... ”
Minister Calderoli will agree that this is sheer gobbledegook .
The trouble is that this is not a law passed in the 19th century when Ferdinando Petruccelli della Gattina was writing “ I moribundi del Palazzo Carignano ” .
It is one of the present government ’s measures , taken a few months ago as an example of bureaucratic linguistic dementia by a great journalist who could in no way be described as “ red ” : Mario Cervi , former editor of the Berlusconi - owned Il Giornale .
And there is worse to come .
In its laudable attempts to make it easier for citizens to understand and obey laws , the government passed on 18 June 2009 a measure whose article 3 was entitled “ Clarity of legislative texts ” .
It recites : “ a ) every regulation intended to replace , amend or abrogate existing regulations or to define exemptions should expressly indicate the regulation replaced , amended , abrogated or derogated ; b ) any reference to other regulations contained in legislative provisions , or in regulations , decrees or circulars issued by the public administration , should concomitantly indicate that text , in full or in a concise , comprehensible form ” .
In other words , no more horrendous legislationspeak .
Yet here is a paragraph from article 1 of the latest “ thousand - extensions ” decree by the present government : “ 5 - c .
A further extension to 31 October 2010 is granted to the time limit laid down in the first sentence of article 8 - e of article 6 of decree law no .
300 dated 28 December 2006 , converted and amended by law no .
17 dated 26 February 2007 , as last extended to 31 December 2009 by article 47 - b of decree law no .
248 dated 31 December 2007 , converted and amended by law n. 31 dated 28 February 2008 ” .
Beg your pardon ?
Oh well .
And this is the point .
What sense is there in burning a few boxes of red tape that deals with “ concessions for mechanically driven trams ” or the “ purchase of coal for the Royal Navy ” if the freed space is filled up again by new laws that are even more confused , crazily worded and incomprehensible ?
The answer can be found in a fine little book by Michele Cortellazzo , dean of the faculty of letters and philosophy at the university of Padua .
The title is “ Operating instructions for local electoral offices translated into Italian ” .
It is subtitled “ To the ministry of the interior with compliments ” .
You might think it was a leg - pull , if the subject were n’t so serious .
If election regulations were comprehensible , why on earth would they need to be “ translated into Italian ” ?
Lawmakers ’ cupboards in other countries also contain legislation that is gathering dust .
A web site dedicated to dumb laws has even compiled a hilarious list .
For instance , in some western US states , you ca n’t fish on horseback .
In Illinois , you can be fined for going to the theatre less than four hours after eating garlic .
And you ca n’t walk cows along Main Street in Little Rock after 1 pm on Sunday .
Every so often , the lawmakers have a clear - out .
If possible , they try to avoid the mistakes made by Mr Calderoli , whose impatient new broom was stayed by objections in the newspapers as it about to sweep away the laws that transferred the capital from Florence to Rome , established the Court of Auditors and protected citizens from being accused of insulting a public official if they react to arbitrary or illegal actions .
The crucial thing is that new laws should be drafted clearly .
If they are n’t , we ’re back at square one .
In fact , we have a long way to go , and the people who say so are not “ communist carpers ” .
They sit on the parliamentary legislation committee chaired by Mr Berlusconi ’s party colleague , Antonino Lo Presti .
Two months ago , the committee explained that the word , number and codicil - bloated decrees of the Prodi government contained an average of 1.128 million characters .
But the Berlusconi government ’s all - encompassing equivalents have more than two million each .
And this is supposed to be simplification ?
Have we shaken off Victorian absurdities like the “ reproduction by means of photography of fixed objects ” only to be saddled today with references “ to article 1 , paragraph 255 of law no .
311 dated 30 December 2004 may contemplate the application of article 11 , paragraph 3 of decree law no .
35 dated 14 March 2005 , converted and amended by law no .
80 dated 14 May 2005 and by article 1 , paragraph 853 ” and so on and so forth ?
Pull the other one .
English translation by Giles Watson
www.watson.it
Nintendo promises its 3D console wo n't require glasses
Nintendo is planning a 3D version of its popular DS handheld games console .
The move is a response to the whirlwind of attention being given to 3D content and devices .
Rival Sony plans to launch 3D games and TVs later this year .
Most 3D systems require users to wear special glasses but Nintendo said that its system will not need such add - ons .
Nintendo described the 3DS - as the device is likely to be called - the successor to the DS , which has sold over 125 million units worldwide .
Nintendo said that the new console will be compatible with existing games .
It said the games console will be available at some point either this year or early 2011 and promised more details at the E3 games show in June this year .
THE biggest consumer of Victoria 's brown - coal - fired electricity is to continue operating for decades after the surprise announcement of a long - term power deal for Alcoa 's controversial aluminium smelters .
Unions were celebrating and environmentalists reeling last night with the news that aluminium giant Alcoa , Victoria 's biggest exporter , had signed electricity contracts with generator Loy Yang Power for the smelters at Portland and Point Henry , near Geelong , until 2036 .
The existing power contracts expire in 2016 and 2014 .
The cost of the new deal to Victorian taxpayers , if any , was unclear .
But after decades of subsidising Alcoa 's cheap power , the government said last night that it was not involved in the new deal and that subsidies would end in 2016 .
'' The Victorian Government subsidy will no longer be required , '' said Emma Tyner , a spokeswoman for Energy Minister Peter Batchelor .
Le 6 février , sur ce blog ( c’est ici ) , je vous annonçais que la Grèce était victime d’attaques spéculatives de la part d’une grande banque d’affaires américaine et de « hedge funds » ( fonds spéculatifs ) américains qui pariaient sur un défaut de paiement d’Athènes .
Jusque - là , on savait certes qu’il y avait de la spéculation , mais personne n’avait encore réussi à mettre un nom sur ceux qui cherchaient à déstabiliser la Grèce et la zone euro .
À l’époque , mes informateurs m’avaient déconseillé de citer des noms , d’où un article assez frustrant , pour vous et pour moi .
Mais depuis , les rumeurs de marché se sont faites de plus en plus précises et leurs noms sont cités ouvertement dans les médias , même si c’est , à juste raison , très prudemment .
Le gouvernement grec lui-même les met désormais ouvertement en cause .
Je peux donc vous confirmer que , selon des sources concordantes , Goldman Sachs et le fonds spéculatif dirigé par John Paulson seraient les deux principaux acteurs des attaques contre la Grèce et l’euro .
Je vous ai déjà détaillé dans mon post du 6 février le mécanisme de la spéculation et je n’y reviendrais donc pas .
Le plus choquant , dans cette affaire , est sans aucun doute le rôle joué par Goldman Sachs qui , à la fois , conseille le gouvernement grec , et prend , en secret , des positions contre la Grèce et l’euro .
Ce rôle trouble est illustré par la récente affaire rappelée par le Spiegel du 8 février et le New York Times du 14 février ( 1 ) : en 2002 , la banque d’affaire américaine a aidé la Grèce , contre une rémunération de 300 millions de dollars , dans des opérations de « comptabilité créative » destinées à camoufler une partie de sa dette ( j ’y reviendrai dans un prochain article ) .
Il n’est pas neutre de savoir qu’à cette époque , le vice - président Europe de Goldman n’était autre que Mario Draghi , devenu depuis gouverneur de la banque centrale d’Italie et qui vient de voir le poste de président de la Banque centrale européenne lui passer sous le nez .
Ce rôle particulier de Goldman Sachs est illustré par le fait que la banque a toujours été membre des syndications en Grèce ( tout comme au Portugal ) : il s’agit d’un consortium de banques chargé par un gouvernement de placer sa dette auprès d’investisseur lorsqu’il n’est pas sûr de pouvoir la placer directement sur le marché par appel d’offres .
Vous vous rappelez d’ailleurs que le 25 janvier , la Grèce a réussi à placer du papier à 5 ans pour un montant de 8 milliards d’euros alors qu’elle ne voulait au départ que 3 milliards : la demande a atteint 25 milliards d’euros !
Dans la syndication qui a placé le papier grec , on trouve bien sûr Goldman Sachs .
Jusque - là , rien que de très habituels .
C’est ensuite qu’un fait curieux survient .
Après ce spectaculaire succès , tout le monde pense que les marchés sont calmés , puisqu’ils viennent de manifester qu’ils ne croyaient pas à un défaut de la Grèce .
Et de fait , c’est l’accalmie .
Mais , dès le mercredi , c’est de nouveau la tempête .
Un article du Financial Times , le seul journal que lisent les opérateurs de marché , vient en effet d’affirmer que la Chine a refusé d’acheter 25 milliards d’euros d’emprunt grec , un « placement privé » porté par … Goldman Sachs .
De quoi s’agit - il ?
Lorsqu’un gouvernement craint de ne pouvoir placer sa dette , il demande directement à une banque de le faire pour son compte auprès d’un ou plusieurs investisseurs .
C’est un signe de panique .
Et le fait que Pékin aurait décliné l’offre est carrément inquiétant .
Bref , deux raisons pour les marchés de fuir la Grèce .
Ce sera démenti , mais les marchés exigeront quand même d’Athènes une prime de risque encore plus élevée , pour leur plus grand bénéfice .
Ceux qui ont organisé la fuite gagnent sur tous les tableaux : leurs prêts leur rapportent plus ainsi que leurs CDS , ces assurances censées prémunir contre un défaut de l’État emprunteur ( voir mon post du 6 février ) .
Le problème est que cette fuite est étonnante , ce type d’opération étant censé demeurer totalement secret .
Or , depuis , le Financial Times a révélé qu’en fait c’était le numéro deux de Goldman Sachs , Gary Cohn , qui s’était rendu en novembre et en janvier à Athènes pour tenter de convaincre le gouvernement grec d’avoir recours à ses services pour placer 25 milliards d’euros de dette auprès de la Chine .
En vain .
Et par un fait exprès , l’information a ensuite été diffusée , mettant quasiment la Grèce à genoux et faisant chuter l’euro .
Selon les Échos d’aujourd ’hui , Simon Johnson , l’ancien « chief economist » du FMI , souhaite que la Commission européenne enquête sur les agissements de Goldman Sachs .
Cela semble effectivement s’imposer ( 2 ) .
(1) Cette affaire n’est absolument pas un secret .
Par exemple , Mark Brown et Alex Chambers décrivent l’opération dans leur article publié le 1er septembre 2005 dans Euromoney explicitement intitulé : « How Europe ’s governements have enronized their debts » .
(2) Voir aussi les embarrassantes questions qu’il pose à Mario Draghi .
D.J. Bernstein : The Good News Archive
With so much to be sad about in the world today , it is with a hopeful eye that we turn to D. J. Bernstein , professor of mathematics and computer science .
You may know about Bernstein because his First Amendment lawsuit forced the government to stop banning export of computer encryption software .
Or you may know of him because of his mathematical breakthroughs .
Or you may know of him because his software , including qmail and djbdns , does important things with grace and without bugs .
In any event , Prof. Bernstein has recently posted a statement of selected research activities [ PDF ] which provides more hope in these dark times .
Bernstein is getting back on track :
I have n’t published much software in the last few years ; my department colleagues have made clear to me that they do n’t value anything other than papers .
Fortunately , my promotion has now been approved by the department and the dean , so I can return to a healthy balance between papers and software .
Protecting the Internet :
Cryptography on the Internet is in a sorry state .
Every serious Internet protocol now has some sort of “ security ” extension , but only a tiny fraction of data on the Internet is actually cryptographically protected .
Sometimes the security extensions are too hard to use .
Sometimes the extensions are usable but too slow for busy servers .
I ’m adding link - level cryptographic protection to the Internet mail system . …
Unlike existing mail “ security ” protocols , this will be fast enough to use for every message , and it will protect against attackers actively misdirecting messages .
…
The Domain Name System is a distributed database that maps domain names , such as cr.yp.to , to IP addresses ( and other data ) , such as 131.193.178.160 [ which explain where to find a specific computer ] .
Today ’s DNS records are not cryptographically protected .
By giving fake IP addresses to your computer , an attacker can easily steal your incoming and outgoing mail , substitute fake web pages , etc. DNSSEC , a project to cryptographically sign DNS records , has been under development for ten years by a large ( and obviously rather incompetent ) team of protocol developers .
I ’ve designed a new DNS security system , DNSSEC2 , with several advantages over DNSSEC : it ’s faster ; it uses much stronger cryptographic tools ; it protects against denial of service ; it allows end - to - end security without help from the centralized root servers ; and , most importantly , it works with existing DNS database software , so it ’s much easier than DNSSEC to deploy .
See http://cr.yp.to/talks.html#2004.04.28.
I plan to release the DNSSEC2 software this year .
Writing software without bugs :
All the cryptographic protection in the world wo n’t stop an attacker who exploits a bug , such as a buffer overflow , to seize control of your computer .
Some of the most widely deployed programs on the Internet — the BIND DNS server , for example , and the Sendmail SMTP server ( post - office program ) — have had thousands of bugs , including many bugs that allowed attackers to seize control .
For more than a decade I have been systematically identifying error - prone programming habits — by reviewing the literature , by analyzing other people ’s mistakes , and by analyzing my own mistakes — and redesigning my programming environment to eliminate those habits .
…
There were several non-security bugs in qmail , and a few in djbdns .
My error rate has continued to drop since then .
I ’m no longer surprised to whip up a several - thousand - line program and have it pass all its tests the first time .
Bug-elimination research , like other user - interface research , is highly nonmathematical .
The goal is to have users , in this case programmers , make as few mistakes as possible in achieving their desired effects .
We do n’t have any way to model this — to model human psychology — except by experiment .
We ca n’t even recognize mistakes without a human ’s help .
( If you can write a program to recognize a class of mistakes , great — we ’ll incorporate your program into the user interface , eliminating those mistakes — but we still wo n’t be able to recognize the remaining mistakes . )
I ’ve seen many mathematicians bothered by this lack of formalization ; they ask nonsensical questions like “ How can you prove that you do n’t have any bugs ? ”
So I sneak out of the department , take off my mathematician ’s hat , and continue making progress towards the goal .
And protecting your computer from other people ’s bugs :
The software installed on my newest home computer contains 78 million lines of C and C++ source code .
Presumably there are hundreds of thousands of bugs in this code .
Removing all of those bugs would be quite expensive .
Fortunately , there ’s a less expensive way to eliminate most security problems .
Consider , for example , a compressed music track .
The UNIX ogg123 program and underlying libraries contain 50000 lines of code whose sole purpose is to read a compressed music track in Ogg Vorbis format and write an uncompressed music track in wave format .
UNIX makes it possible ( though unnecessarily difficult ) to build a safeogg program that does the same conversion and that has no other power over the system .
Bugs in the 50000 lines of code are then irrelevant to security : if the input is from an attacker who seizes control of safeogg , the most the attacker can do is write arbitrary output , which is what the input source was authorized to do anyway .
…
Do all transformations have this property ?
Of course not .
There are some transformations that produce output trusted more highly than the input ; these transformations have to be bug - free . …
But these exceptions account for only a small fraction of the code in a system . …
I expect this strategy to produce invulnerable computer systems : restructure programs to put almost all code into extreme sandboxes ; eliminate bugs in the small volume of remaining code .
I wo n’t be satisfied until I ’ve put the entire security industry out of work .
posted January 08 , 2005 03:29 PM
( Technology ) ( 1 comments ) #
I 've always leaned towards browns , blacks , creams and earthy colors in home decoration , that 's the boring in me .
But , I do n't know , I 'm kind of starting to like bright colors more .
Kaleidoscope kind of colors , like turquoise , fuchsia , pink , aqua , violet , yellow , orange ... all combined together .
I admit that could be a bit retina - searing sometimes , but if expertly put together ... it looks something like this ...
I am absolutely in love with the " Jester " sofa , and the paper lanterns .
Even the fruit matches !
Wonderful chair covers .
And chest and bed covers !
It must be magical to wake up in a fuchsia bed .
I do n''t think we 've had enough fuchsia and pink yet , so here is more .
Striking !
Love this blue combined with brown .
A total fairy tale .
Outdoors too ?
Why not !
And on a completely unrelated note ... ( well , it 's color coordinated at least )
How about this lunch box ?
A+ for creativity !
Much love and color !
xoxoxo
{photos via coastal living , mc maison , home sweet home .
and I could n't remember where this lunch box came from , if anybody knows , let me know}
This week , 200 scientists will gather in an attempt to determine how research into the possibilities of geoengineering the planet to combat climate change should proceed .
They say it 's necessary because of the riskiness and scale of the experiments that could be undertaken – and the moral implications of their work to intentionally alter the Earth 's climate .
MORE ON GEOENGINEERING 6 Ways We 're Already Geoengineering Earth
Exclusive Excerpt : Hack the Planet
Q&A : Geoengineering Is ' A Bad Idea Whose Time Has Come '
The group is meeting at the Asilomar resort in California , a dreamy enclave a few hours south of San Francisco .
The gathering intentionally harkens back to the February 1975 meeting there of molecular biologists hashing out rules to govern what was then the hot - button scientific issue of the day : recombinant DNA and the possibility of biohazards .
The 1975 process was n't perfect , but after a fraught and meandering few days , the scientists released a joint statement that placed some restrictions and conditions on research , particularly with pathogens .
That meeting is now held up as a model for how researchers can successfully assume the mantle of self - regulation .
" And perhaps that was the final , foggy significance of Asilomar : a promise that the scientists who deal with the most fundamental of life stuff will not sequester themselves beneath Chicago stadiums or within blockhouses in the New Mexico desert – that their work , at least as significant as the most subtle of sub - nuclear manipulations , will be done with care and public scrutiny , " wrote Michael Rogers in a June 19 , 1975 Rolling Stone article .
Organized by the Climate Response Fund , a new group created to support geoengineering , this week 's conference is self - consciously recalling its famous Asilomar predecessor :
All the participants in the new conference were sent Rogers ' article .
A conference brochure summed up the popular attitude toward its predecessor , praising it " as a landmark effort in self - regulation by the scientific community " and attributing the lack of " dangerous releases of organisms modified with recombinant DNA " to the " effectiveness of the ultimate guidelines and procedures . "
It includes a black - and - white photograph of 1975 scientists meeting in the resort 's hoary chapel ( above ) .
But in important ways the the two Asilomars are different .
The Climate Response Fund was founded by Margaret Leinen , who although a respected scientist , had a commercial interest in a company doing geoengineering .
The original Asilomar had a more official provenance :
It was organized by the National Academy of Sciences with $ 100,000 from the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation .
But even if the two conferences were identical , the real history of the ' 75 Asilomar conference highlights the problems of scientific self - governance as much as the solutions it offers .
It was messier than most would probably like to recall .
Crucially , the 1975 Asilomar meeting sidestepped the question of how recombinant DNA research should be done and who it should benefit , in favor of the more technical question of how it could be done more safely .
" The recombinant DNA issue was defined as a technical problem to be solved by technical means , a technical fix , " wrote MIT historian of science Charles Wiener in a 2001 retrospective .
" Larger ethical issues regarding the purposes of the research ; long - term goals , including human genetic intervention ; and possible abuses of the research were excluded . "
This year 's version of Asilomar could draw even more attention to the fundamental tension of scientific self - regulation of risk - and value - laden experiments .
While many of the field 's top scientists are attending the meeting , it has drawn criticism from high - level scientists with an interest in geoengineering like Stanford 's Ken Caldeira and the University of Calgary 's David Keith .
" My only concern about this meeting is that the convening organization , [ Climate Response Fund ] is nontransparent and appears to be closely tied to Climos which was conceived to do ocean fertilization for profit , " Keith wrote .
" While I am happy to see profit - driven startups drive innovation , I think tying ocean fertilization to carbon credits was a sterling example of how not to govern climate engineering , and I am therefore concerned to see a closely linked organization at the center of a meeting on governance .
A meeting on governance ought to start by having transparent and disinterested governance . "
Despite Keith 's strongly worded statement about the conference , he has decided to attend to , as he put it , " speak out . "
Caldeira declined his invitation , telling Wired.com that he preferred governance meetings held by " established professional societies and non-profits without a stake in the outcomes . "
The 1975 Asilomar conference did go through more established routes and even with that pedigree , the molecular biologists struggled to come up with a decision - making strategy that could address the concerns of the public .
" The motive from the start was to reduce potential hazards and to proceed with the research , avoiding public interference by demonstrating that scientists on their own could protect laboratory workers , the public and the environment , " MIT 's Wiener continued .
" Of course , this action contained a contradiction :
They were dealing with a public health issue and simultaneously attempting to keep the public out of it . "
Certainly , there 's a logic to letting experts in a scientific field decide about the field 's future .
The presumption is that those closest to the science know its possibilities – both good and bad – best .
Yet , that assumes that the science is guiding the proceedings .
Rolling Stone 's Rogers recorded a remarkable amount of confusion and the suggestion that the conference 's organizers had structured the rules to protect their own lines of research , while limiting other people 's work .
In a March 22 , 1975 article , Science News ' Janet Weinberg described the scientists ' collective response to draft rules as " a barrage of unyielding , self - indulgent , and conflicting attitudes . "
This historical reality led Tufts University bioethicist Sheldon Krimsky to write that the modest regulations that emerged from Asilomar were not based on some systematic definition of risk , in the 1982 book , Genetic Alchemy : The Social History of the Recombinant DNA Controversy .
Rather , they represented a much more human solution , a " negotiated settlement among scientists incorporating some science and considerable conjecture and intuition . "
While most scientists believe that the Asilomar meeting was a qualified success , some do not .
The most outspoken , DNA co-discoverer , James Watson , reportedly blurted out during panel on risk , " These people have made up guidelines that do n't apply to their own experiments . "
Watson argues the conference led to the creation of " totally capricious and totally unnecessary " guidelines and actually made the public more afraid of biotechnology .
In 1978 , Watson railed against Asilomar and similar meetings , saying they were " a real theater of the absurd in which the only professionals were a bizarre collection of kooks , sad incompetents , and down - right shits . "
It 's obvious but worth noting that Watson was concerned that science was , and would be , too limited .
In fact , he had experiments that he had to put off for two years due to the regulations .
But social scientists have generally drawn the opposite conclusion about Asilomar 's power to limit science .
Susan Wright , a historian of science at the University of Michigan , has called the bargain supposedly struck at Asilomar – some research restrictions in exchange for scientific self - governance – a myth on both sides of the deal .
" It is a myth that most scientists working under competitive pressures can address the implications of their own work with dispassion and establish appropriately stringent controls – any more than an unregulated Bill Gates can give competing browsers equal access to the world wide web , " she wrote .
" Sure enough , some five years later , the controls proposed at Asilomar and developed by the National Institutes of Health were dismantled without anything like adequate knowledge of the hazards . "
Further , she says , " it is equally a myth that scientists in this field are self - governing . "
Instead , their research agendas are shaped by utilitarian interests of government or corporate sponsors .
Even at that early stage , before the biotech boom of later years , molecular biologists were never doing pure science .
Even researchers who consider the 1975 Asilomar conference a success , who convened on its 25th anniversary realize that the its process is no longer feasible .
" While there is general agreement that the 1975 Asilomar meeting made a large contribution to the resolution of a major scientific policy issue , it was clearly the consensus at the 2000 meeting that perceptions of science and of scientists have changed so drastically over the last quarter century that it is virtually inconceivable that a similar format could be successful today , " wrote the editors of Perspectives in Biology in a special issue in 2001 .
The Asilomar conference this week will have to deal head - on with these dilemmas .
Odds are , no matter what happens , any statement that comes out of the meeting will be incomplete , unfinished and provisional .
It should also incorporate and remain open to input from critics of geoengineering .
Perhaps , the messy negotiations of parties guided by science and their own interests will push the discussion to the sensitive middle ground that the 1975 conference found , making no one totally happy , but recognizing the potential – good and bad – of a radical new field of scientific inquiry .
Images : National Academy of Sciences .
Top image is of the press room .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
KABUL ( Reuters ) - The Taliban scored a strategic and political victory with brazen , well - timed attacks in the heart of Kabul on Monday , but the failed assaults on key government buildings also showed the limits to their military capacity .
The raids carried out by at least 10 gunmen , including suicide bombers , were well coordinated and bold even for Afghanistan and paralyzed the capital for several hours .
However , while the militants spread out across a strategic area near government ministries and a luxury hotel , they failed to seize any of their declared targets and instead holed up in a poorly defended shopping center .
“ They just want to show their power , it was an ‘ attack show ’ from the Taliban , not a military - based action .
I think there was not a military goal , ” said Wahid Mudjah , a Kabul - based writer and political analyst .
“ They just wanted a show for the international community . ”
The attacks were perfectly timed .
They came as Afghan President Hamid Karzai was swearing in cabinet members inside the presidential palace only hundreds of meters away , and after days of media chatter about a new “ reintegration ” drive to lure insurgents away from the battlefield .
They were also dramatic , with an exploding ambulance adding to compelling images of a city under siege .
Gunfire and loud explosions shook Kabul as black smoke billowed from the shopping center where fighters battled security forces for hours .
Headlines in newspapers and television stations around the world talked of “ terror in Kabul ” and shattered confidence .
The overall casualty toll , however , was relatively low .
And government forces never lost control of their key buildings .
Three members of the Afghan security forces and two civilians were killed and 71 people were wounded .
Twenty people died last February in a similar commando - style attack .
“ The attack was both a success and a failure for the Taliban .
It was a psychological success but a failure in that they were n’t able to cause a lot of casualties to Afghan security forces , ” said Abdul Halim Achakzai at the Kabul - based Center for Conflict and Peace Studies .
HEARTS AND MINDS
Capital cities are always vulnerable -- in Britain the Irish Republican Army managed to strike regularly at the heart of London , a far more modern , less chaotic capital , during their violent campaign against British control of Northern Ireland .
Slideshow ( 14 images )
“ For all the chaos , the damage was not that bad .
This was not 1996 where the Taliban basically rolled into Kabul , ” Kamran Bokhari , regional director for Middle East and South Asia at international think - tank Stratfor , told Reuters .
That the Taliban were able to smuggle in weapons and explosives was in some measure a reminder of the government ’s policy in keeping Kabul a relatively open city .
Creating a barricaded fortress risks hurting the economy and cutting off the government .
Slideshow ( 14 images )
But the raid also highlighted some of the more thorny problems Karzai and his Western backers face in winning over a country as sick of official corruption as it is of violence .
Some of the shopkeepers sifting through the scorched remains of their stock blamed not the attackers but the Taliban ’s foes .
“ The ( foreign ) and Afghan troops acted very inhumanely by using flammable materials and completely destroyed our properties , ” said shopkeeper Abdul Rasheed .
ISAF said they had troops in the area but had not torched any shops .
The Taliban seem as keen to bolster what support they have among ordinary Afghans as they are to intimidate the government and foreign and domestic security forces .
They recently issued orders to fighters to protect civilians , and during the raid the Taliban did not target shoppers or shopkeepers , instead shooting at walls and ceilings and ordering them to leave , said center manager Abdul Fatah Feroz .
“ Clearly , the Taliban cannot allow for a sizeable amount of collateral damage , they cannot stomach that .
This is an insurgency , it relies on public support , ” said Bokhari .
But the Taliban did succeed in spreading fear in an already weary and war - sick population .
“ If the Taliban are strong enough to launch attacks just outside the presidential palace , how can we expect better security in the future ? ” said Feroz , as a crowd of around 30 shopkeepers sifted through the torched remains of their stock .
( CNN ) -- Local and federal authorities in Enfield , Connecticut , are investigating how a band of burglars broke into a large pharmaceutical warehouse and made off with approximately $ 75 million in prescription medications .
Police say the well - orchestrated heist at the Eli Lilly and Co. distribution center occurred during a rainstorm shortly after midnight Sunday .
" Based on the sophistication of what was used , this had to be well - executed and planned , " Enfield Police Chief Carl Sferrazza said .
According to Sferrazza , the thieves scaled the side of the building onto the roof , where they cut an opening .
He said they then rappelled into the building , disabled the alarm and proceeded to steal several dozen pallets of prescription pills , loading them onto one or more getaway vehicles .
Police say the robbery was not discovered until almost 2 p.m. ET Sunday .
When asked whether the crime could have been an inside job , Sferrazza replied , " Anything is possible ; we are not ruling anything out at this point . "
A spokesman for Eli Lilly , Ed Sagebiel , said the company is working closely with both the Enfield Police and the FBI .
Though Sagebiel would not confirm what types of medications were stolen , he said there were no narcotics at the site .
Although the intended destination of the drugs is unknown , the spokesman speculated that the suspects will attempt to sell them on the domestic or international black markets .
" We certainly know that there is a market for these products , " Sagebiel said .
" We have a closed system here in the U.S. that makes it more difficult to distribute them in the United States for legitimate means . "
Based in Indianapolis , Indiana , Eli Lilly is the ninth - largest pharmaceutical company in the world .
Ford ’s in His Flivver , All ’s Well with the World
Keith Olbermann once ridiculed a Republican politician who , in a video clip from a “ townhall meeting , ” told a woman with a paralyzed husband and no health insurance that the proper first line of defense was neighbors helping each other .
Now , admittedly , that politician was exactly the kind of right - wing shill who uses Norman Rockwell imagery as window dressing for his vision of an America remodeled into a banana republic , on the same basic pattern that Tom Delay and Jack Abramoff created in the Marianas Islands .
But for Olbermann , anyone suggesting the possibility of such a voluntary welfare state , based on self - organization and mutual aid , is by definition a right - wing shill .
Olbermann went on , in rather heated language , to dismiss such neighborly help as a relic of the same age as the barn - raising and the shucking bee .
In modern , progressive societies , people turn to “ their ” governments as a matter of course for the relief of sickness and poverty .
Olbermann forgets , or ignores , the respectable left - wing credentials of working class self - organization , chronicled in loving detail by the recently departed Colin Ward , by Pyotr Kropotkin and E.P. Thompson .
Sick benefit societies , fraternal lodges ’ relief for the unemployed , and the like , were objects of active suspicion by both the employing classes and the state , precisely because they were such effective weapons of class struggle .
Mutual unemployment relief could easily become indistinguishable from the strike fund , and self - organized mechanisms for pooling risk and cost across a large number of households were of enormous benefit to the bargaining power of labor .
But I suspect there ’s a component of willful ignorance in Olbermann ’s dismissal of such things , rooted in the nature of his ideology .
Arguably conventional liberals , with their thought system originating as it did as the ideology of the managers and engineers who ran the corporations , government agencies , and other giant organizations of the late 19th and early 20th century , have played the same role for the corporate - state nexus that the politiques did for the absolute states of the early modern period .
Given the apologetic requirements of their ideology , liberals are practically forced to assume that , before the rise of the total state , there was nothing .
Before the Bismarckian / Fabian / Progressive regulatory and welfare state , the whole world was just one big Hooterville .
“ Formerly all was madness .
We have invented happiness , ” says the Last Man and blinks .
Conventional liberals are in the habit of reacting viscerally and negatively , and on principle , to anything not being done by “ qualified professionals ” or “ the proper authorities . ”
This is reflected in a common thread running through writers like Andrew Keene , Jaron Lanier , and Hedges , as well as documentary producers like Michael Moore .
They share a nostalgia for the “ consensus capitalism ” of the early postwar period , in which the gatekeepers of the Big Three broadcast networks controlled what we were allowed to see , and it was just fine for GM to own the whole damned economy — just so long as everyone had a lifetime employment guarantee and a UAW contract .
Olbermann routinely mocks exhortations to charity and self - help , reflexively reaching for shitkicking hayseed imagery from Walnut Grove for want of any other comparison that will sufficiently get across just how backward and ridiculous that kind of thing really is .
Helping your neighbor out directly , or participating in voluntary self - organized efforts to spread risk and cushion against sickness and unemployment , is all right in its own way , if nothing else is available .
But it carries the inescapable taint of the provincial and picayune , almost as if such efforts were administered by men in rimless spectacles and sleeve garters — very much , incidentally , like the stigma attached to homemade bread and home - grown veggies in the corporate advertising offensives of the early twentieth century .
People who help each other out , or organize voluntarily to pool risks and costs , are to be praised — grudgingly and with a hint of condescension — for doing the best they can in an era of relentlessly downscaled social services .
But that people are forced to resort to such expedients , rather than meeting all their social safety net needs through one - stop shopping at the Ministry of Central Services office in a giant monumental building with an imposing statue of winged victory in the lobby , a la “ Brazil , ” is a damning indictment of any civilized society .
The progressive society is a society of comfortable and well - adjusted citizens , competently managed by properly credentialed authorities , happily milling about like ants in the shadows of miles - high buildings that look like they were designed by Albert Speer .
And that kind of H.G. Wells utopia simply has no room for the barn - raiser or the sick benefit society .
NetComm is a developer of broadband internet products and services .
They offer a diverse broadband product portfolio addressing business , consumer , industrial and specialized vertical industries .
At the Mobile World Congress they were presenting what is claimed to be the world ’s fastest HSPA + embedded router .
3G21WN “ BlackJack ” is the first embedded router of its kind to operate at 21 M bps using the HSPA + standard , as well as being a fully - functioning 11n wireless router with four Ethernet ports .
Ms Mayawati needed several people to help her lift the garland
Controversial Chief Minister of India 's Uttar Pradesh state , Mayawati , has been criticised for accepting a huge garland made entirely of 1,000 - rupee notes .
Ms Mayawati's supporters gave her the garland as a gift at her Bahujan Samaj Party 's silver jubilee rally on Monday .
It is made of new 1,000 - rupee notes and is estimated to have cost anywhere between $ 400,000 and $ 2 m .
Ms Mayawati , who champions the cause of the poorest of the poor , is criticised for amassing vast personal wealth .
She is India 's first woman Dalit ( formerly " untouchable " ) chief minister and has a huge following among those at the bottom of the Hindu caste system .
Calls for inquiry Photographs of Ms Mayawati , wearing the rupee garland , appeared on the front pages of Indian newspapers on Tuesday morning .
The issue was also raised in parliament , with MPs from different parties criticising what they said was a vulgar display by Ms Mayawati .
" We appeal to the government to take cognisance of the money that is being spent , or rather , misspent in the rally .
And millions ' worth of the garland that she accepted should be inquired into , " senior Congress party leader Digvijay Singh said .
A leader of the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , Rajnath Singh , said : " I just want to say that state funds and resources have been misused in Uttar Pradesh in every form .
And I want the government to take action in this case at the earliest . "
It is estimated that nearly 400,000 supporters attended the rally in the Uttar Pradesh state capital , Lucknow , on Monday .
The city was draped in blue ( the colour of Ms Mayawati 's party ) for the celebration .
Statue spree A former school teacher , Ms Mayawati is one of India 's most colourful politicians .
She has governed Uttar Pradesh and its 180 million people since state elections in 2007 .
In the past few years , she has amassed massive personal wealth , developing a fondness for lavish birthday parties and diamond jewellery .
She has been taken to court for commissioning massive statues of past Dalit icons and herself at great public expense .
Ms Mayawati 's critics accuse her of wasting precious government funds in one of India 's most backward states .
Uttar Pradesh has soaring crime , poor health services and very high illiteracy rates .
Ms Mayawati appears unfazed by all the criticism and has spoken many times about her ambition to be prime minister of India .
Her party denied claims on Monday that state funds had helped pay for Monday 's festivities , saying it had footed the bill .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A 1,700 - year - old sarcophagus found in an abandoned city near Rome could contain the body of a gladiator or a Christian dignitary , say archaeologists who are preparing to examine the coffin in the lab .
Found in a cement - capped pit in the ancient metropolis of Gabii , the coffin is unusual because it 's made of lead — only a few hundred such Roman burials are known .
Even odder , the 800 pounds ( 362 kilograms ) of lead fold over the corpse like a burrito , said Roman archaeologist Jeffrey Becker .
Most lead sarcophagi look like " old - fashioned cracker boxes , " molded into a rectangular shape with a lid , he said .
The coffin , which has been in storage since last year , is about to be moved to the American Academy in Rome for further testing .
But uncovering details about the person inside the lead coffin will be tricky .
For starters , the undisturbed tomb contained no grave goods , offering few clues about the owner .
( See more temple and tomb pictures . )
What 's more , x-ray and CT scans — the preferred methods of coffin analysis — cannot penetrate the thick lead , leaving researchers pondering other , potentially dangerous ways to examine the remains inside .
" It 's exciting as well as frustrating , because there are no known matches in the record , " said Becker , managing director of the University of Michigan 's Gabii Project .
Unlocking the lead coffin's secrets could ultimately offer new insights into a powerful civilization that has lain forgotten for centuries , he said .
Roman Ally's Mysterious Decline
The newfound sarcophagus was the " most surprising " discovery made in 2009 during the largest ever archaeological dig in Gabii .
Becker and colleague Nicola Terrenato received funding for the ongoing project from the National Geographic Society 's Committee for Research and Exploration .
( The National Geographic Society owns National Geographic News . )
Just 11 miles ( 18 kilometers ) from Rome , Gabii was founded in the tenth century B.C. , and it flourished for centuries alongside its growing neighbor , with which it shared a unique treaty of political friendship .
Walking through Gabii may have been a bit like a stroll through Rome , where the dense populace made the city crowded , noisy , and smoky in the daytime , and overall " unpleasant " to live in , Becker said .
However , by the second or third centuries A.D. , Gabii had contracted dramatically , and by the ninth century it was no more .
The cause of the city 's demise is unclear , but the " most obvious guess is that Rome 's expanding power and territorial ambitions eventually eclipsed " Gabii , Becker said .
Lead Sarcophagus Holds " Somebody of Substance "
Mysteries about Gabii society make the newfound lead coffin especially intriguing .
Lead was a high - value metal at the time , so a full sarcophagus made out of the stuff " is a sure marker of somebody of some kind of substance , " Becker said .
Past lead burials found throughout Europe have housed soldiers , elite members of the Christian church , and even female gladiators .
In fact , many lead coffins contain high - ranking women or adolescents instead of men , said Jenny Hall , a senior curator of Roman archaeology at the Museum of London , who was not involved in the new study .
However , the newfound sarcophagus ' tentative age may make the gladiator scenario unlikely , said Bruce Hitchner , a visiting professor in classical archaeology at All Souls College at the U.K. 's University of Oxford .
The coffin dates back to the fourth or fifth centuries A.D. , while the gladiator heyday was centuries earlier , said Hitchner , who was not part of the excavation team .
( Related : " Ancient Gladiator Mosaic Found in Roman Villa . " )
Coffin Had Unusual Downtown Location
What intrigues team leader Becker the most is the sarcophagus 's placement — " smack dab " in the middle of a city block .
A taboo against burying the dead inside city limits was deeply ingrained in the Roman religious mindset of the time , he said .
" I do n't think it 's , We 're feeling lazy today , we 're going to bury Uncle Joe in the tomato garden , " Becker said .
There may have been some major event that made people bury the body downtown — a possibility he intends to investigate during the next dig .
" As we seek to understand the life of the city , it 's important for us to consider its end , " Becker pointed out .
" To see someone who is at first glance a person of high social standing associated with later layers of the city ... opens a potentially new conversation about this urban twilight in central Italy . "
Foot Bone Hints at " Extraordinary Preservation "
First , however , Becker 's team hopes to find out more about the person inside the lead sarcophagus .
The researchers ' only hint so far is a small foot bone protruding through a hole in one end of the coffin .
Some lead burials have allowed for " extraordinary preservation " of human tissue and hair , Becker said , though the opening in the sarcophagus may mean that air has sped up decomposition of the body .
Still , early examinations reveal that the foot bone is " exceedingly " intact , Becker said : " Worst case , there 's an exceptionally well - preserved human skeleton inside the wrapping . "
Bones alone can tell scientists a lot about the person and his or her culture , said Bruno Frohlich , a forensic anthropologist at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington , D.C .
" We put some kind of face to the bones — we make them alive in a way . "
For instance , if the bones show evidence of diseases contracted long before death , that could mean the person survived an illness , and that Gabii society had the resources and knowledge to care for the sick , Frohlich said .
Lead Coffin too Dangerous to Open ?
But Becker and his colleagues may not even get bones to work with , because the coffin may be too dangerous to open for both the living and the dead .
If the researchers decide to cut into the lead , cancer - causing lead dust could harm scientists , while exposure to bacteria could easily damage the corpse .
At the academy , a team will perform preliminary experiments on the sarcophagus , including an endoscopic exam that would feed a small fiber optic camera into the hole at the foot end .
If the experiments show that lead dust from cutting can be easily contained , the next step would be to find a " clean room " — similar to those NASA uses for experiments — in which to open the coffin , Becker said .
( Related : " NASA ' Clean Rooms ' Brimming With Bacteria . " )
No matter who turns out to be inside the lead coffin , Becker is hopeful that the person wrapped in metal will turn out to be a window into history .
Yesterday we reviewed Deadly Premonition and gave it a score of 10 .
This comes just weeks after we reviewed Heavy Rain and gave it a score of 7 .
Obviously , this means one thing .
We love the Xbox 360 and want to have sex with it .
This conclusion can be drawn thanks to logic , which is a thing the Internet uses to make decisions based on ideas a thirteen - year - old had .
Some people were upset by the two reviews .
Yesterday , the Destructoid tips line received an email from somebody called Tan with the subject , " JIM STERLING , I HOPE YOUR FAMILY BURNS IN HELL . "
Shortly after , we got another saying " YOU GUYS ARE A BUNCH OF XBOX FAGGOTS .
GO SHOVE AN XBOX UP YOUR ASSES . "
Now , people like Tan may look like they 're lashing out at your humble writer .
It may appear as if they 're angry with me for saying a budget game like Deadly Premonition can provide a superior experience to a Triple A , heavily marketed , deceptively derivative console exclusive .
The truth is , however , they are not angry at me .
They are angry at themselves .
They 're angry at themselves for being so stupid as to believe Heavy Rain is a truly great game , and they are furious at having ignored such a brilliant creation as Deadly Premonition .
It 's just easier to lash out at somebody else and project all one 's hatred onto an innocent messenger , who was merely spreading the good word .
Unfortunately for them , the truth has come out .
I am merely a server in truth 's soup kitchen , handing out steamy bowls of righteousness to the hobos of misinformation .
Read on as I explain , in no uncertain terms , exactly why Deadly Premonition is blatantly better than Heavy Rain .
Deadly Premonition is actually unique :
Some people ( idiots ) believe that I hate Heavy Rain because it is new and unique .
The truth of the matter is that these people are gullible fuckwits who believe that Heavy Rain is unique just because Sony told them that 's what it was .
People who can think for themselves and actually possess some intellectual standards have realized that the game is not really new at all .
The game is billed as an interactive movie , and what that means is that it essentially plays itself while you make some choices now and then .
We 've already had that game .
It was called Dragon 's Lair and that was published in 1983 .
The story was just cobbled together from M Night Shyamalan movies and then covered in David Cage 's spunk .
The gameplay is basically Guitar Hero without the music , and ideas lifted from Quantic Dream 's last game , Indigo Prophecy .
Hardly a breathtaking new vision for what games could be .
Deadly Premonition , on the other hand , is a truly unique game .
Open world survival horror in which an FBI agent with a multiple personality disorder sees letters in his coffee ?
Already this is more original than Heavy Rain .
Deadly Premonition rips off nothing , but many things have ripped off Deadly Premonition .
Remember Twin Peaks ?
Yeah , they totally copied Ignition 's stellar game .
Just look at the similarities between them and you 'll see what I mean .
Heavy Rain plagiarizes Deadly Premonition :
Deadly Premonition was originally called Rainy Woods .
This is because the main plot involves a serial killer who strikes when the rain falls .
Sound familiar ?
Of course it does , because Quantic Dream copied Deadly Premonition like a stupid child who keeps peeking over the shoulder of the smartest kid in class .
Both games are thrillers which feature FBI agents tracking down a killer .
Both games feature quick - time - events .
Both games offer choices to the player .
Both games have PS2 - era graphics .
The list of suspicious similarities grows ever larger .
The only difference between the games is that Deadly Premonition is n't a pile of fucking shit , which is obviously what we think Heavy Rain is because we gave it a 7 , known to all as the lowest review score a game can receive .
Is it mere coincidence that Heavy Rain was released on the same day as Deadly Premonition ?
No , friends , it is not .
It 's obvious that Quantic Dream was just watching Deadly Premonition and copying everything it did .
Both games have seen huge delays and it's clear that Heavy Rain 's postponements were just to keep in time with Deadly Premonition , so that Quantic Dream could rip it off at every stage of development .
It 's not just convenient that Heavy Rain happened to release at the same time as Deadly Premonition .
It 's downright incriminating .
Deadly Premonition makes more sense :
Sure , Deadly Premonition is one of the weirdest , most fucked up games ever made , but at least it makes sense in its own twisted world .
Unlike Heavy Rain , Deadly Premonition is not full of deus ex machina and red herrings thrown in just to sidetrack the player and build up to a shocking reveal that outright contradicts everything that the story had previously established .
Things happen in Heavy Rain that are never explained .
They 're just thrown in there to try and confound players and stop them predicting who the Origami Killer might be .
When Deadly Premonition reveals the identity of the Raincoat Killer , it did n't contradict the rest of the story , or ignore plot strands .
It sure as fuck did n't completely go against everything we'd been led to believe about the character 's thoughts and actions .
It was fucked up , ludicrous , and very silly , but yet it still made more logical sense than Heavy Rain did .
Most of all , Deadly Premonition makes more sense because it is in a world that is not supposed to make much sense .
When something weird happens in Ignition 's game , that 's fine , because the game is not grounded in reality .
Heavy Rain tries to be realistic , and yet is crammed full of unbelievable situations , ridiculous characters , and relationships that make absolutely no sense .
Just take the sex scene between Ethan and Madison .
It had no build .
It followed some pretty horrific situations which would not put anybody in the mood for shagging .
It was simply sex for sex 's sake , in a frankly pathetic attempt to look mature and grown up .
However , because it was so badly written , the context was completely fucked up and the game simply looked stupid .
When you can't make more sense than a game in which a man talks to his coffee , a great job was not done .
You actually get some emotion from Deadly Premonition :
If you cried over Heavy Rain , you 've got fucking mental problems .
With its two - dimensional characters and awkwardly overbearingly " deep " situations , Heavy Rain is too forced and cockamamie to actually get emotionally invested in .
I can't feel sorry for Ethan as a father because he 's a fucking incompetent moron and has no personality .
I can't feel sorry for his kids because they are stupid and the very personification of a stereotypically annoying child archetype .
The kids are n't endearing .
They 're barely developed , simply thrown at the player as if Quantic Dream said , " Kids cause emotions , so start feeling emotions because this IS A CHILD OH MY GOD , " so I really do n't feel the heartstrings being tugged .
I did n't feel anything for any of the characters in Heavy Rain 's far - fetched and under - written cast .
By contrast , I felt plenty when I played Deadly Premonition .
I cried multiple times while playing it , in fact .
Cried with laughter , at any rate .
Unlike Heavy Rain , Deadly Premonition is able to draw at least one emotion from the player -- sheer joy , over how ridiculous the whole silly experience is .
While Heavy Rain is busy trying to coax a tear from the player with cliches and tropes , Deadly Premonition is extracting laughs by the bucketful because it did n't try so fucking hard .
I 'll take a silly comedy over a po-faced and failed attempt to make me weep any day of the week .
F..K ... in the coffee !:
Deadly Premonition is home to the greatest cutscene of all time .
As you can quite clearly see in the above video , DP has better characters , better dialog , and better music than Heavy Rain , and it uses these many trump cards to piece together what could only be described as art .
Art , my friends .
Sheer art .
Heavy Rain has all the artistic value of a turnip covered in shit .
When compared to this cutscene alone , Heavy Rain is as semen compared to cream .
Deadly Premonition costs $ 20 :
Twenty dollars for a twenty hour game full of hilarity , versus sixty dollars for a six hour game full of Quantic Dream creaming its jeans over how clever it is .
You do the math !
Actually , no , I 'll do the math for you because you 're probably a PS3 fanboy and hence a fucking idiot .
The math is that Deadly Premonition is better and that you 're a cunt .
That is the math .
Deadly Premonition , essentially , charges a dollar an hour , and every one of those hours is full of comedy , decent gameplay , and highly memorable silliness .
It 's the greatest deal in videogame history and a new gold standard for budget titles .
For that twenty bucks , you get a survival horror game , an open world title , a shit - ton of sidemissions and a man who talks about rape like it's a funny anecdote .
You literally can't do better .
Heavy Rain costs $ 60 and it plays itself for you half the fucking time .
There are actual consequences for Deadly Premonition 's QTEs :
Do n't get me wrong .
There are consequences and punishments for fucking up in Heavy Rain ... but only some of the time .
Many of the game 's most thrilling QTE sequences are little more than illusions that you actually can't fail .
Ethan 's big , scary trials in the game ?
Try and fail them , see what happens .
The game will arrogantly take over for you , because it's so cocksure and egotistical that it simply MUST make you see all the brilliance it has to offer .
Having Ethan fail at something , then pass out and wake up with the whole scenario being cleared up for him is bullshit , and it completely ruins the excitement factor .
At least in Deadly Premonition , when you fail , you feel like you 've actually risked something .
The Raincoat Killer remains scary because he can fuck you up at any moment .
Which reminds me ...
The Raincoat Killer >
The Origami Killer :
The antagonists for each game share some similarities .
They are both serial killers who frequently taunt the main characters .
However , that 's where the similarities end .
You see , unlike the Origami Killer , the Raincoat Killer is n't a little fucking bitch .
Since you are probably too stupid to get it , here 's a nice simple list of reasons why the Origami Killer sucks next to the Raincoat Killer :
The Origami killer only picks on ten - year - old boys .
That 's not a threat to me .
I could kick the shit out of a little boy .
What 's so scary about that ?
In fact , I fucking hate kids .
More of them should be drowned in rainwater .
How is he a credible villain when he 's doing the world a service ?
Origami is n't scary .
Ooh , fuck , he 's going to give me a paper cut !
Please .
Folding paper is the kind of think an autistic would do .
The Raincoat Killer has orange glowing eyes .
This is terrifying of course .
When the Raincoat Killer is revealed , it does n't feel as if we were lied to by intellectually dishonest developers for the better part of six hours , just to force the most contrived curve ball in videogame history .
Better antagonist , better game .
Deadly Premonition wins again !
Heavy Rain is n't on the Xbox 360 :
It 's a basic scientific fact that professional game reviewers judge titles based on what platform they are on and use no other basis for their judgment .
This is obviously why I despise Heavy Rain and love Deadly Premonition .
DP is on the Xbox 360 which is a system that I routinely ejaculate onto , inside , and around , because I find it erotic and it makes my penis feel nice and spray cocksnot everywhere .
If DP were a PS3 exclusive , I would have hated it because that is clearly how a sane mind works .
Likewise , I would totally have forgotten that Heavy Rain was childishly written and infuriatingly convoluted if I had played it on the Xbox 360 , which makes games automatically brilliant because of reasons .
Simple fact :
The PS3 is shit , and all its games are shit , and anybody who even thinks about buying a PS3 is made out of shit and has shit for a head and brain .
All games developed for it are bad , unless they are multiplatform games , in which case only the XBox 360 version is good .
Also , Blu-ray is for gays .
This video :
That more or less says it all , I think .
[ About Jim Sterling : Jim Sterling is Destructoid 's reviews editor and writes a wide variety of articles , including editorials such as this .
He does not consider himself a journalist .
His work can be humorous or serious but its up to you to decide which articles are which .
The opinions expressed -- be they satirical or sincere -- are entirely his own and do n't reflect the opinions of Destructoid 's staff as a whole .
He might annoy you sometimes , but his aim is never genuine offense .
Try and take him for what he is -- one guy having fun on the Internet and talking about videogames . ]
KANSAS CITY , Mo. —
Like so many other public school parents , Reshonda Sanders felt confused on Thursday as she tried to comprehend why nearly half of the schools here , including her own alma mater , are to close for good at the end of the year .
As the mother of two high school students , she was well aware of the district ’s struggles .
“ But even so , I thought , Could they be serious ?
Close almost 30 schools , all at once ? ” said Ms. Sanders , 34 .
“ That ’s devastating for us .
How did it get to be this bad ?
What were they doing for years and years so that something like this happens just like overnight ? ”
In her bafflement , Ms. Sanders is not alone .
In the wake of the Kansas City school board ’s decision to shutter 28 of its 61 schools , many people were left scratching their heads .
While school closings as a result of demographic change and tight budgets are commonplace across the country , rarely does a system lose half of itself in one sweep .
The sudden move suggests a depth of dysfunction here that is rarely associated with Kansas City , a lively heartland town with a reputation for order .
But a closer look at the school board ’s recent history reveals a chaotic , almost nonfunctioning body that put off making tough choices and even routine improvements for generations .
Experts said that in the board ’s years of inaction is a cautionary tale for school districts everywhere .
About two and a half years ago , when I was running my own little one - man consulting operation , Microsoft killed my computer .
They did it remotely via a routine update .
If you use PCs , you get these updates all the time , and usually they install automatically and there ’s no real issue .
But this time something went horribly wrong .
It wasted my ability to use the machine for anything other than a paperweight , and in a stunning display of destructive innovation , the software misfire actually wiped out my USB ports .
I ’d have been thoroughly impressed if I had n’t been so mad .
It took me awhile to figure out what had happened .
I tried to solve the problem myself and went so far as to execute two complete system resets ( that is , I stripped it and did a complete reformat , reinstalling Windows and all my apps ( and dealing with all the lost settings , etc . )
Still hutzed .
So I finally broke down in utter despair and called Microsoft support .
I spent three hours on the phone with my best new friend in Bangalore as he worked his way through the entire tech support manual .
We tried everything you can think of , including another system reset .
And again , nada .
At that point he announced that we had done everything , and that meant that this had to be a hardware problem .
Hold on , he said , while I transfer you over to HP tech support .
Great .
Just great .
The HP guy said hold on .
Let ’s try something .
( Only with an Indian accent . )
Within about ten minutes he had proven conclusively that it was a software problem , after all .
A few more painful minutes and he had more or less helped me fix things ( although I still had quite a lot left to do in the way of re-establishing the prefs and profiles on all my software ) .
Oh , and one of the three USB ports never came back .
Microsoft remained officially baffled .
Their bafflement lacks credibility , though .
A friend and colleague , whose husband is a tech guru of sorts , tracked down some forum threads that indicated I was n’t this update ’s only victim .
And the sysad at my current place of employment , when I told him the story a couple of weeks ago , said yeah , that happens all the time .
That ’s why we never run Microsoft updates when they first release them .
I lost two days of my life to that little adventure .
I had a client project due the following week , but had the crash happened the day before instead of the week before , I ’d have been epically screwed .
At that moment I made a decision : my next machine was going to be a Mac .
I ’d been a loyal PC guy for years , preferring the flexibility , the massive array of applications and the general business - oriented seriousness of the platform .
I ’d gotten very good with Windows over time – I ’m a problem solver by nature and dealing with Microsoft on a daily basis had honed my king - of - the - workaround skills to a razor edge .
I ’d snickered at the cult that fawned over Steve Jobs ’s every note to the milkman .
But now there was a new concern .
If I can no longer trust Microsoft not to slag my computer when important work matters are pressing on me , then it ’s no longer about design .
It ’s no longer about cool .
It ’s no longer about applications or user subcultures .
No .
It ’s now about business continuity .
The Mac was n’t a spiritual decision , it was a coherent , rational business imperative .
I did n’t get around to another computer purchase right away .
I lived with the PC ( although I watched it like a hawk and got got extremely cautious about installs from Redmond ) , and when I took a real job in 2008 I got a company Dell .
But lately I ’ve felt the need to get my work and private lives segregated a bit , so last Sunday I hit the Apple store in Boulder and bought a shiny new MacBook Pro .
So far I ’m loving it .
The learning curve still resembles a curve less than it does a vertical line , but that ’s to be expected .
It handles system files differently , for instance , and I ’m learning a new install process .
I ’m a little annoyed at the VMWare Fusion folks ( the app that lets you run a PC virtual machine within Mac OSX ) because it never occurred to them that you might want to include at least a brief description of the steps that need to be taken to install an app on Windows .
Because it is not set up to let you do so by default and you ’d have to be a pretty clever little boy or girl to intuit the steps that have to be taken .
I love the coherence of the top - to - bottom integration .
After years of sniping at the limitations of a closed system , I gotta tell you – it ’s nice plugging something in and knowing that it ’s very likely to work ( VMWare notwithstanding ) .
Fortunately my good friend and former colleague Deborah Levinson of Nimble Partners knows everything about Macs and has been nice enough to be my own personal tech support desk this week .
She ’s probably already broken the record for most dumbass questions answered in a 7 - day period and there are still a couple days left .
Dad - in - law Frank Venturo has also been a lot of help along the way .
So major thanks to them .
No , I do n’t expect Apple to be perfect ( my one call with their tech support so far yielded a positive outcome , but the guy on the other end of the line was n’t what you ’d call a rocket surgeon . )
But I ’m convinced that I have a powerful , reliable business machine .
That has n’t always been true .
Spurred by heart - wrenching stories of sick people denied health coverage , the state of New York did what many of President Obama ’s critics say he should do now -- it passed a relatively simple law requiring insurers to accept all applicants .
Other states have taken similar steps , making narrowly targeted changes instead of trying to overhaul their whole healthcare systems .
But two decades later , New York ’s experience offers a cautionary tale : Making isolated changes to the complex medical insurance system can have unwelcome consequences .
Premiums in New York are now the highest in the nation by some measures , with individual health coverage costing about $ 9,000 a year on average .
And nearly one in seven New Yorkers still lacks health coverage , a greater proportion than before the law was passed .
Advertisement
The state has become a victim of a dangerous dynamic in insurance markets .
Laws allowing consumers to buy insurance at any time often saddle companies with a lot of high - cost customers .
That in turn drives up premiums , pushing away younger , healthier people who are vital to a functioning insurance system .
“ You basically ca n’t have a functioning insurance market if people can buy insurance on the way to the hospital , ” said Mark Hall , a Wake Forest University economist who studied New York ’s experience .
‘ Case study ’
Advertisement
This issue is now at the heart of one of the biggest fights over Obama ’s healthcare plan : the so - called mandate requiring Americans to buy insurance -- a requirement that many experts believe is crucial to avoid the problems seen in New York and other states .
“ We are sort of a case study of what not to do , ” said Mark Scherzer , a consumer attorney who helped lead the fight for New York ’s changes in the early 1990s and is now counsel to New Yorkers for Accessible Health Coverage .
Other states have either abandoned such reforms or been forced to scale them back .
When then - Gov. Mario Cuomo signed New York ’s insurance law in 1992 , many advocates believed the state was charting a path toward affordable , accessible healthcare .
Cuomo called the legislation a “ forerunner of what we ’ll [ be ] seeing nationally . ”
Advertisement
The law focused on people who did not get health benefits from their employer , forcing them to shop for insurance on their own in what is called the individual market .
To protect these people , state lawmakers approved the “ guaranteed issue ” provision , which prohibited insurance companies from denying coverage to customers , even those with preexisting conditions .
Such rules became popular in the early 1990s , as states including New Jersey and Washington contended with insurance companies that were denying coverage to people with preexisting health problems .
New York went further , becoming the first state to also include a “ pure community rating ” requirement that prohibited insurers from varying premiums based on customers ’ age or health , another common industry practice .
Three years later , the state required all HMOs to offer a comprehensive , standardized package of benefits .
Advertisement
The law allowed consumers to buy insurance after they became sick with only a relatively short waiting period .
They could also drop it when they no longer needed it .
The New York insurance market did not collapse , as some insurers had warned .
But in the ensuing years , more older and sicker New Yorkers bought individual health plans .
And premiums shot upward .
Since 2001 , the average premiums for a health plan on the individual market in New York has nearly tripled , according to the state Insurance Department .
In some counties , it is impossible to buy an individual plan for less than $ 12,000 a year .
Although New York has higher medical costs than many states , its premiums still outpace other high - cost states .
Advertisement
An informal survey by America ’s Health Insurance Plans , an industry group , showed that average premiums in New York last year were more than twice those in California and Florida , two other high - cost states .
In New Jersey , which enacted similar insurance rules at the same time as New York , researchers found that the regulations contributed to a 50 % decline in enrollment in individual health plans and a two- to threefold increase in premiums .
Kentucky and Washington were forced to roll back their new insurance rules in the 1990s after insurance companies abandoned the state market .
In Washington , the three largest insurers simply stopped issuing coverage to individuals .
An exception
Advertisement
Today , New York is one of only a few states that have retained both guaranteed issue and pure community rating rules .
That offers New Yorkers who are sick substantially more protections than consumers in less regulated states such as California , Florida and Texas , where people with cancer or other preexisting conditions are routinely denied coverage .
But with premiums continuing to climb , the market regulations are increasingly becoming an empty promise , said Scherzer , the consumer attorney .
“ You have to be incredibly sick to make it worthwhile , ” he said .
Obama and congressional Democrats tried to head off the problem confronting New York by including a requirement in their healthcare legislation that nearly all Americans buy insurance .
Advertisement
This so - called insurance mandate alone would not guarantee lower premiums , many experts concede .
Insurance rates in Massachusetts , which included a mandate in its landmark insurance overhaul in 2006 , remain relatively high .
But there is broad consensus that a mandate would encourage younger and healthier people to buy insurance , spreading risk more broadly and ultimately helping to restrain the growth of premiums .
New York ’s largest insurer , Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield , a division of WellPoint Inc. , has calculated that a mandate could bring down premiums 50 % to 60 % , Empire President Mark Wagar said .
But the mandate has become one of the most controversial elements of congressional Democrats ’ healthcare bill , and a reason why the bill is so expensive .
Most experts believe that if the government requires everyone to buy insurance , it must provide subsidies for low - income consumers .
Advertisement
Now , Republicans and some Democrats are pushing to remove the mandate .
Before they do , they should look north , said Courtney Burke , who directs the Health Policy Research Center at the Rockefeller Institute of Government in Albany , N.Y .
“ They could learn from New York ’s experience , ” she said .
“ If you do n’t have some kind of incentive for people to participate , you are going to have problems . ”
noam.levey@latimes.com
S/ Sgt Hughes was awarded his medal after clearing a safe path for his comrades through an “ IED minefield ” in August in which he disarmed seven bombs – three of them by hand , without any protective clothing , while under enemy fire .
The way things have been lately … with all that she has going on …Slota can't even tell anymore if , oh , never mind .
BELMONT , NH — Stating that she was n’t in the best place right now , and that things have been sort of you know , Belmont resident Megan Slota announced Thursday that sometimes she just feels … .
Advertisement
Due to a general sense of …well , it ’s hard to explain , the 28 - year - old dental hygienist reported that she just needed to work some stuff out , and that she would probably be a little I do n’t know for a couple weeks or so .
“ It ’s not anybody ’s fault , honestly , ” said Slota , standing in her kitchen and holding a mug of tea with both hands .
“ Sometimes I just get like this where it ’s like I ’m not , I guess , whatever .
We do n’t have to get into it right now . ”
Advertisement
Added Slota , “ I ’m really , like , argh , I do n’t know . ”
After that thing with Dave on Thursday , people were concerned that Slota was in a weird place , which she initially denied .
But Slota later admitted that she was just taking some time to figure things out and needed a little space , but it ’s not like she wanted people to leave her alone or anything like that .
Advertisement
“ I had a really good talk with Debra , ” Slota said .
“ She ’s such a good friend .
It ’s good to know I have someone like her .
It ’s just a crazy time right now .
And I ’ve been really busy with work , too , so that has n’t helped . ”
While admitting that it must suck to have to deal with her lately , Slota said that she appreciates everyone ’s patience while she sorts all of this stuff out .
Sources close to the sort of spacey , sort of — oh gosh , what would you even call it — distracted woman confirm that it ’s always the same this time of year , because of her dad .
Advertisement
“ I worry about Megan , ” longtime friend Alex Polson said .
“ Times like this , she can get a little strange .
Not strange strange , but still kind of strange where you ’re like , ‘ Huh ? ’
But you know what ?
She ’s tough .
She ’ll get through all this and be back to her old self in no time . ”
Though she ’s been kind of blah lately , especially at the family thing where she had to be on her best behavior , friends and coworkers have been understanding about what ’s going on with her , and want to let her know they ’re there if she needs help moving , or needs someone to go shopping with her , or just wants to hang out and not talk about the thing that happened with Samantha last week .
Advertisement
“ You know , it ’s like when you ’re just , ” Slota said .
“ You feel one way but then you ’re also sort of , I do n’t know , maybe it ’s just one of those things .
And you do n’t want to force it , right ?
I feel like you just have to accept it sometimes , I guess . ”
“ It is what it is , ” she added .
Regardless of the thing that ’s , oh , whatever , it ’ll pass eventually , Slota maintained that she ’s forging ahead and taking things one day at a time .
Advertisement
Dr. Andrei Robinson , author of the book It ’s , Well , I ’m Not Sure How To Describe It , Really , says that Slota ’s condition is not uncommon .
“ As a therapist , I ’m seeing more and more patients with problems and conditions related to Ms. Slota ’s , ” Dr. Robinson said .
“ But ultimately , there ’s not a lot I can do for them .
It ’s just another facet of this , whatever it is .
You ca n’t understand the , you know , well , anything , really .
It ’s all too much sometimes , but it ’s her deal .
She ’s got to work through it .
We ’ve all been there , right ? ”
Advertisement
“ I do n’t know , ” Dr. Robinson added .
“ Does that make sense ? ”
A Light at the End of the Tunnel in Congo
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is not an obvious candidate to be Africa ’s turnaround story of the coming decade .
This is a country that has been pillaged by outsiders for more than a century , cursed by its extraordinary natural resource base to unparalleled levels of death and destruction .
With a seemingly intractable war in the east , one of the worst corruption - fighting records in the world , and some of the highest rates of sexual violence ever recorded , Congo does not , understandably , lend itself well to optimistic prognoses .
But sometimes a situation deteriorates so badly that it catalyzes transformative responses .
And things can actually change , no matter how entrenched the troubles .
That opportunity for real progress is exactly what I found on my recent visit to Congo .
Congo ’s conflict , the world ’s deadliest since World War II , is not really a war — it ’s a business based on violent extortion .
There are numerous armed groups and commercial actors — Congolese , Rwandan , and Ugandan — that have positioned themselves for the spoils of a deliberately lawless , accountability - free , unstable , highly profitable mafia - style economy .
Millions of dollars are made monthly in illegal taxation of mining operations , smuggling of minerals , and extortion rackets run by mafia bosses based primarily in Kinshasa , Kigali , and Kampala .
The spoils are tin , tungsten , tantalum , and gold , minerals that go into laptops , cell phones , MP3 players , and jewelry stores in the West .
Armed groups use terrifying tactics such as mass rape and village burning to intimidate civilians into providing cheap labor for this elaborate extortion racket .
For decades , this illegal economy has thrived in the shadows .
Atrocities committed against Congo ’s civilian populations are both a means of social control and retribution for the perceived support of military ( and hence commercial ) opponents .
It ’s all about controlling the minerals and gaining a handsome profit .
And until this logic of unaccountable , violent , illegal mineral extraction changes , all the peacekeepers and peacemakers in the world will have very little impact on the levels of violence there .
Here ’s where the good news begins .
A light is increasingly being shone in , illuminating this ugly reality .
And it might just be enough to start altering the deadly supply chain in a way that will be the key to transforming eastern Congo ’s torturous history .
The first sign of hope comes from consumers of these electronic and luxury goods .
Shoppers are beginning to put pressure on the companies selling cell phones , laptops , MP3 players , and other electronic devices , along with gold - jewelry retailers , to stop using the conflict minerals mined in eastern Congo .
If consumers demand conflict - free electronics products and jewelry strongly enough , just as they do green technologies and fair trade products , big companies can place downstream pressure to clean up the supply chain for these minerals .
In fact , this has already begun .
Where companies six months ago shrugged off the issue as niche , they are today thinking seriously about how to tackle the problem .
Another opportunity comes from the U.S. Congress , which can make a difference by passing legislation to require conflict - free components in all electronics products .
Two pieces of draft legislation , the Conflict Minerals Trade Act in the House and the Congo Conflict Minerals Act in the Senate , do exactly that .
President Barack Obama ’s administration could go even further , improving on the Kimberley Process ( a certification agreement meant to stop the export of blood diamonds ) by kick - starting negotiations for a global arrangement to certify conflict - free minerals .
The Congolese , Rwandan , and Ugandan governments also have a role to play :
They can commit to independent monitoring and auditing of the mineral supply chain , finally allowing transparency to replace secrecy in the regional mineral sector .
In recent months , these governments have looked more and more interested in doing so .
If these stars align , it may well be the opportunity that Congo needs to finally bring transparency , legality , and security to its minerals trade .
Together , all this would fundamentally alter the incentives that are today fueling conflict .
Commercial actors might change their behavior , worried that a potential boycott would cut profits and make things more difficult for everyone who is currently benefiting .
Central African governments could clean up their act or face International Criminal Court indictments , United Nations sanctions , and other scarlet letters .
Electronics and jewelry companies would demand best practices or face increasing negative publicity about their " hear no evil , see no evil " mentality when it comes to the cries of Congo ’s women and girls .
The certification scheme that arose in response to West Africa ’s diamond - driven conflict is not perfect , as woes regarding Zimbabwe ’s diamond exports currently attest .
But it did help end bloody wars in Sierra Leone , Liberia , and Angola less than a decade ago .
Creating a " conflict - free minerals " certification scheme for Congo would be no silver bullet , but combined with increased efforts at criminal accountability and military reform , it would be the catalyst for a solution to more than a century of resource - driven death and destruction in the heart of Africa .
Corn - Stuffed Tomatoes
with Wisconsin Muenster Cheese
These tomato ' cups ' , filled with a tasty mixture of shredded Muenster cheese , bacon , corn and fresh thyme , make a terrific side dish with great presentation .
Recipe Ingredients :
6 medium tomatoes
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup sliced green onions
1/3 cup diced green pepper
2 1/2 cups fresh corn kernels ( 4 to 5 ears ) , cut from the cob
2 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves , or 1/ 4 teaspoon dried thyme
6 slices chopped cooked bacon
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1 1/2 cups shredded Wisconsin Muenster cheese
Cooking Directions :
Slice the tops from the tomatoes .
Carefully scoop out the pulp , leaving a shell .
A serrated grapefruit spoon or melon baller works well for this .
Turn the tomatoes upside down and drain on paper toweling .
Preheat oven to 400 ºF ( 205 ºC ) .
Lightly grease a pizza pan or other baking sheet .
Set aside .
Heat the butter in a 9 or 10 - inch skillet .
Add green onions and sauté over a medium heat about 3 minutes .
Add green pepper and sauté 2 to 3 minutes longer .
Add the corn kernels , water and thyme .
Bring to a boil .
Cover and cook at a gentle boil until the corn is tender , about 5 to 7 minutes .
Remove from heat .
Stir in bacon pieces and mayonnaise .
Fill each tomato with 1/6 of the mixture .
Bake for 10 to15 minutes , until the tomatoes are almost cooked , but still hold their shape .
Remove from oven and top each tomato with 1/4 cup of the Muenster .
Bake 3 to 5 minutes , until the cheese melts .
Or , place the cheese - topped tomatoes under a hot broiler .
Broil just until cheese melts and slightly browns .
Makes 6 servings .
Recipe and photograph provided courtesy of Wisconsin Milk Marketing Board , Inc .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Sharon Sarmiento knew it was time to unplug when she realized she was blogging in her dreams and hearing imaginary instant messages .
For Ariel Meadow Stallings , it was the hours lost while surfing the Internet that left her feeling like she had been in a drunken blackout .
Both women are part of a new grass - roots movement in which tech geeks , Internet addicts , BlackBerry thumbers and compulsive IMers are deciding to wrest back control of their lives by daring to switch off -- if only for a day .
“ I think there is some common - sense part of us that says , ‘ Wait a second .
This has gone too far .
We are too plugged - in , ’ ” said Sarmiento , a 30 - something virtual business owner and professional blogger in Alabama .
“ It ’s like our mind is going in a million different directions all the time .
So taking a day when you are completely cut off from technology forces you to re-engage with the real world , ” she said .
Some call it the “ secular Sabbath . ”
For others it is “ unplugged day . ”
In Quebec , Canada , professional computer developers Denis Bystrov and Ashutosh Rajekar are organizing a global “ Shutdown Day ” in May .
Stallings , 33 , a Seattle author , blogger and part - time marketing manager for Microsoft Corp , made a resolution in January to spend “ 52 Nights Unplugged ” this year .
“ I love technology .
I ’m not a Luddite .
But I realized it was a problem when I would sit down to check my email and it was almost like I would wake up six hours later and find I was watching videos of puppies on YouTube .
“ I ’d try and think what I had been doing for the past two hours and I had no idea .
I associate that kind of time loss with blackouts when you ’re drunk , ” she said .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
So Stallings took the plunge , accompanied by twitchy emotional withdrawal symptoms , and turned off her computer , email , cellphone and television on Wednesday nights .
In an ironic twist , she quickly spread the word through her blog ( 52nightsunplugged.ning.com ) , and connected with thousands of people across the world who habitually text while driving , take their laptops to the bathroom , or check e-mail during dinner .
“ I thought it was just a problem that affected me and my geeky colleagues .
But then I started hearing from Italians with similar issues , and Poles and Czechs , and I even got a query from someone in Colombia .
“ So I realize it ’s not just an American problem but an international one , ” Stallings said .
THOU SHALT UNPLUG
Dr. Dave Greenfield , who runs the Center for Internet Behavior in Connecticut , said most people thought it was a joke when he first started warning about compulsive Internet use in his 1999 book “ Virtual Addiction . ”
Greenfield said various studies estimate that 1 to 10 percent of the U.S. population uses technology in a way that negatively impacts their lives , relationships , health or jobs .
But he says it ’s rare for any kind of addict -- be it to drugs , alcohol , gambling or technology -- to take the kind of initiative seen by the unplugged movement .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
“ It is very unusual for somebody to present for help without having been dragged there by a parent or loved one , unless they have gotten in trouble with the law or with their job , ” he said .
“ The collective denial that any culture has around new technology takes a long time to erode , ” Greenfield said .
Sarmiento , who writes a blog called eSoup ( www.esoupblog.com/), said she has taken up painting again and become involved in volunteer projects since beginning her own " digital day of rest " two months ago .
Now she sometimes unplugs for an entire weekend .
“ I had to work up to that , ” she admits .
“ It is nice .
It feels like you are going on a little retreat .
It has opened up more quality of life for me . ”
“ I have dream blogged .
I have surfed the Internet in my dreams sometimes .
If I start hearing imaginary incoming message chimes on my computer when I am out in the back yard , it tells me I have spent too much time online , ” she said .
Stallings has started dance classes with her husband , meeting with friends for craft nights , and writing letters -- by hand .
She looks forward to when technology catches up to the need to unplug .
“ There will be phones that let you say you do n’t want to hear e-mail after 5 p.m. or on Sundays , ” she said .
“ A lot of time you have nothing to show for hours spent online but a hunch back and a sore butt . ”
( Reporting by Jill Serjeant ; Editing by Eddie Evans )
Islamabad , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
A blast hit near a building housing Pakistan 's intelligence service , ISI , in the eastern city of Multan on Tuesday , killing at least 12 people and wounding 20 others , police said .
The explosion took place at a security checkpoint , said Jamshed Akram of the city police .
Four soldiers and four children were among the dead , said Dr. Kaleem Ullah of Multan 's emergency services .
Pakistan has blamed the violence on Islamic militants who have vowed to avenge a intense military offensive to rout them from their haven along the country 's border with Afghanistan .
The nation has come under increasingly frequent attacks .
On Monday , a blast at a crowded market in Lahore killed 54 and wounded more than 150 people .
The same day two other bombing attacks -- in Peshawar and Quetta -- killed at least 11 and wounded at least 41 .
The attacks came three days after militants armed with guns and grenades stormed a mosque in Rawalpindi frequented by military personnel .
At least 36 were killed and 75 wounded .
The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the mosque bombing , but there were no immediately claims for Monday 's attacks .
In an e-mail to CNN about the mosque attack , the Tehrik - i- Taliban Pakistan said : " We reconfirmed it , that the TTP has done it , and will do more which are already planned .
We once again mention that we are not against the innocent people and the state of Pakistan but against those officers and ministers who are American by hearts and minds and Pakistani just by faces . "
The United States has pressed Pakistan to rout out Taliban militants .
Fighting the war in Afghanistan is " inextricably linked to our partnership with Pakistan , " President Barack Obama said Tuesday of U.S. strategy .
" We are in Afghanistan to prevent a cancer from once again spreading through that country , " he said in a speech at West Point .
" But this same cancer has also taken root in the border region of Pakistan .
That is why we need a strategy that works on both sides of the border . "
The United States says Pakistan looms large because Taliban and al Qaeda militants operating in Afghanistan also have had a presence in Pakistan 's northwestern region near the Afghan border and have threatened the governments and troops in both countries .
A week is no time at all in politics .
Some things take a long time to change , and political parties are among the most resistant .
That is the lesson of a new book to be published in January .
The Conservative Party from Thatcher to Cameron , by Tim Bale , a rising star of political science at the University of Sussex , sets out to answer two simple questions : why did it take the Tories so long to do what they had to do in order to regain power after 1997 ; and how were they able , after 2005 , to put things right so quickly ?
These are questions that go to the heart of understanding what is happening in politics today .
For many Conservatives , the book will make painful reading , reminding them of what happened since their party abruptly ceased to be the most effective electoral machine in the history of democracy on Black Wednesday in 1992 .
There was John Redwood 's challenge to John Major 's leadership in 1995 , with the brutal slogan , " No change equals no chance , " which was the right analysis but the wrong candidate .
There was the doomed leadership of William Hague .
Bale is rude about the idea that Hague 's mistake was to revert to a right - wing , core - vote strategy after flirting with modernisation : " It could be argued that Hague had never really had a strategy worth the name . "
Then there was the even more doomed leadership of Iain Duncan Smith .
Bale quotes an anonymous functionary who served under Major and Hague : " I can't think of a good thing to say about Iain .
I mean , I really can't .
He 's not a bad bloke .
He 's not stupid but he could n't be a Cabinet minister . "
Finally , after the party realised that Duncan Smith 's leadership was not going to work , there was Michael Howard , elected unopposed because he could hold his own against Tony Blair , but fatally weakened , as he now admits , by his role in the Thatcher and Major governments .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The book is a brilliant analysis of why the party found it so hard to accept that election defeats suggested that it was doing something wrong , rather than that the electorate had made a terrible mistake .
I remember Hague saying , towards the end of Blair 's time as Prime Minister , words to the effect of : I told you the voters would see through his shallow appeal .
Bales cites example after example of top Tories refusing to compromise with the voters .
Most enjoyably , he quotes Michael Gove , now an ultra-moderniser as shadow schools secretary , as saying in 1999 : " No location is as undignified as being ' in the centre ' ... where the lowest common denominator and the highest possible public spending meet . "
Gove is now an enthusiastic exponent of the view that the Conservatives should take the centre ground once occupied by Blair , justifying schools reform with the sort of egalitarian rhetoric that would make Gove , the Times columnist of 10 years ago , blush with indignity .
So what was it that held the party back from doing the obvious things to win votes ?
Chance played its part , as when Michael Portillo missed the run-off against Kenneth Clarke in 2001 by one vote .
Ideology played a role , in particular a disabling obsession with Europe that had even the young David Cameron , in his first attempt to be elected as an MP ( in 1997 ) , defying the leadership to declare his absolute opposition to Britain 's adopting the euro .
But there were two more important factors .
One is organisational weakness : the lack of a system of feedback from voters to force the pace of adaptation .
Justine Greening , a new Tory MP with a private - sector background interviewed for the book , said : " You get from business to politics by taking your organisation structure , removing it so there 's no direct reporting ... have every employee think that they could be the chief executive within quite a short period of time , and then have them not all quite agreed on what the product range is . "
It is instructive that the party finally got its choice of leader right on the one occasion when a leadership contest was delayed after a general election defeat .
In 1997 and 2001 the defeated leader stood down immediately ; but in 2005 Howard stayed on , in a failed attempt to change the rules under which the new leader would be elected , and a successful attempt to allow David Cameron and George Osborne to shine .
Crucially , though , the delay also forced the candidates to address in a more considered way why the party had lost .
Cameron 's election four years ago also demonstrated the final lesson : the importance of personality .
Bale observed , in an earlier book , that Cameron was the first Tory leader to be chosen for who he was rather than for who he was n't , since leadership elections were introduced in 1965 .
Suddenly , in 2005 , the Tories acquired a leader who had a basic plausibility and attractiveness that could have sold even the failed product of previous elections better than Hague or Howard ; but they also acquired a strategy of detoxifying the brand and trying to appeal to swing voters .
It is a strategy that is full of holes – Cameron 's speech last week saying how much he really cares about poverty is still at odds with the party 's plan to cut inheritance tax – but it is a strategy and broadly the right one .
The paradox is that the lessons of this book are less relevant to the Tories now .
They have done a large part of what needs to be done – helped , of course , by the decline of their opponents .
It is the Labour Party that needs to read this book and ask itself how it can get ahead of the long cycles of British politics .
It would be to defy all precedent for Labour to learn the lessons of its unpopularity before an election defeat .
But there is no reason why it should go through years of introspection and four unsuitable leaders before it comes up with a good enough response to Cameron .
It should know that the personality of the leader is not only critically important , but something that it could do something about in , well , about a week .
John Rentoul blogs at independent.co.uk/eagleeye
By Zoe Kleinman
Technology Reporter , BBC News
The Australian government has not made contact with the activists
An activist group that temporarily blocked access to key Australian government websites plans to continue its cyber attacks , the BBC has learned .
The group , known as Anonymous , was protesting against the Australian government 's proposals to apply filters to the internet in the country .
A man claiming to be a representative of the group said that around 500 people were involved in the attack .
The method they are using is known as Distributed Denial of Service ( DDoS ) .
DDoS is illegal in many countries including the United Kingdom .
There is no indication that the attack was carried out from within Britain .
DDoS attacks typically call on machines in many different nations , making them hard to trace .
The sites were intermittently blocked on 10 and 11 February .
The action has been condemned by various bodies including the Systems Administrators Guild of Australia ( SAGE - AU ) and Electronic Frontiers Australia .
" All it takes is a few people to basically send junk traffic to their websites which is causing them to be offline , " the man , calling himself Coldblood , told BBC News .
" The people who are currently attacking ( the government websites ) are planning to keep doing it .
It will probably keep happening until either they get bored or it gets sorted out . "
The sites are currently back online but the domains of individual politicians , including that of Stephen Conroy ( minister for broadband , communications and the digital economy ) , were among those targeted .
Web filters Anonymous is protesting against Australia 's plan to apply a country - wide filter to block certain content in 2011 .
The Australian government has said that trials have shown the filtering technology to be 100 % effective in preventing access to designated sites .
The banned sites would be selected by an independent classifications body guided by public complaints , Senator Conroy has said .
He said the aim of the filter is to make the internet a safer place for Australian children .
Speaking to the BBC , Coldblood said that the activists did not support the creation of illegal content but that banning it would not tackle the issue .
" If something is illegal which is done on the internet the government should try and prosecute them , " he said .
" If they ban it it will just appear somewhere again .
What they really need to do is go after the people who are making this content . "
The group consists of " a few thousand people " based all over the world Coldblood said .
They staged cyber attacks on Iran following the election protests and have publicly protested against the Scientology movement .
This was sparked after the Church of Scientology requested the removal of a clip from YouTube featuring Hollywood actor Tom Cruise .
" One of our main missions is against censorship on the internet , " said Coldblood .
The group had not had any direct contact with the Australian government , he added .
SAGE - AU said the attack was " the wrong way to express disagreement with the proposed law . "
" The impact of DOS attacks is frequently felt less by government agencies than by system administrators , many of them SAGE - AU members , who are responsible for managing websites and servers , " continues a statement on its website .
YouTube in Australia Senator Conroy has also contacted Google requesting that the company begins to filter YouTube content in the country .
Google says that while it complies with the laws of the individual countries in which it has a presence , it would only investigate and consider removing content after receiving a " valid legal request " about something already posted on the site .
" We first check that the request meets both the letter and spirit of the law , and we will seek to narrow it if the request is overly broad , " said a spokesperson .
" You Tube is a platform for free expression .
We have clear policies about what is allowed and not allowed on the site . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For the first time ever , a bill that would change the name of the Department of the Navy will be voted on as a standalone measure on the House floor .
The legislation , which would rename the Department of the Navy to the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps , will be debated on the House floor in April , according to bill sponsor Rep. Walter Jones ( R - N.C. ) .
The measure , which has 368 co-sponsors , is expected to easily pass the lower chamber .
In previous years , Jones bill has been attached to larger measures that have passed the House and then subsequently stalled in the Senate .
Jones and Sen. Pat Roberts ( R - Kan. ) , who introduced a companion bill in the upper chamber , held a press conference Thursday in the Longworth House Office Building .
Gen. Anthony Zinni , actor R. Lee Ermey and Iraq war veterans and their families spoke on behalf of the legislation .
Families of Marines killed in action receive condolence letters from the secretary of the Navy , with no mention of the Marine Corps in the letterhead .
Proponents of the bill want to change this .
" It is n't until you read down into the fine print that you see they do mention the Marine Corps down there somewhere , " said Dick Linn , who received a condolence letter after his son Karl was killed in Iraq in 2005 .
Ermey , a former Marine Corps drill instructor well known for reprising that role in the 1987 film " Full Metal Jacket , " said he saw no logic in the opposition to the bill .
" The only thing we want is for future Marines to receive honorable mention in the department that they fall under , " Ermey said .
Former Armed Services Committee Chairman John Warner ( R - Va. ) opposed the Jones bill , but current Armed Services Chairman Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) backs it .
New York ( CNN ) --
A man long considered a person of interest in the disappearance of an exotic dancer was charged during the weekend with killing her , authorities said .
Daniel Moore , 40 , a local businessman , was taken into custody Friday evening in Arlington , Texas , said Sgt. Gary Landers of the Euless Police Department .
Moore , a car salesman , was released after posting $ 35,000 bond .
Moore is accused in the death of Kristen Charbonneau , 25 , who vanished during the summer of 2005 .
Her body has not been found .
Moore 's attorney did not return CNN 's phone call requesting comment .
But he told the Fort Worth Star - Telegram last summer that his client was innocent of wrongdoing .
The young woman 's parents , who were certain from almost the beginning that Moore was responsible , said they were still stunned when detectives told them of the arrest .
They had publicly named Moore as the suspect in flyers distributed in his neighborhood .
" I just tore the house all up ; I lost it , " David Charbonneau said , describing his reaction to the arrest .
" The family had to crawl on top of me to hold me down .
I cried out , ' My baby girl , my poor baby girl . ' "
" When we found this out , it just hit me like a freight train , and I was n't expecting that , " Monica Charbonneau told CNN .
" I 've waited a long time to say his name out in public . "
Police would not disclose details about the evidence .
" We 'll present the case to the grand jury , and they 'll make their decision , " said Sgt. Landers .
But key facts surrounding the investigation have been known for some time .
Charbonneau was last seen on the afternoon of August 11 , 2005 , as she was leaving the Baby Dolls strip club in Fort Worth , Texas , where she worked .
A customer followed her out the door , investigators said .
She had called for a taxi to take her home but when the cab arrived to pick her up , she was gone .
Monica Charbonneau said Moore was familiar with her daughter .
" He knew her very well , " she said .
" They sat at the table together several times .
When I started piecing all that together , I thought this is it , this is him . "
Family members conducted their own searches .
They also created a Web site to generate leads , find witnesses and keep her memory alive .
In addition , the Charbonneaus wrote to Texas officials , urging them to help in the investigation .
Monica Charbonneau believes the Web site and the letters were instrumental in Moore 's arrest , although she would not elaborate .
The slain dancer 's father said he often thought about taking the law into his own hands .
" I would wake up every morning and every night looking at my shotgun ; it would be the first thing there , and there were many times it would be loaded , " he said .
He also said he had a " hit kit " to nail the suspect to a tree , to " get this man to tell me where my daughter 's body was . "
" I know that sounds as sick as could be , and as a father and human being I never thought I could even think that way , but when something like this is taken from you , and you as a father ... you find out what you are really made of .
I guess I was made of more than I thought I was . "
The Charbonneaus call this the " first step " in what they understand will be a lengthy process through the criminal justice system .
They want people to know about the young woman whose life was cut short by a killer .
" What can I say ?
I was her father , " David Charbonneau said .
" She was very loving , and she was a sweetheart . "
" She liked to stay home , watch TV , watch a movie , " said Monica Charbonneau .
" And she wanted to spend time with her family . "
The couple said their daughter did not want them to know she was dancing at a strip club .
" I thought she was waiting tables , " David Charbonneau said .
" I did n't know until the last part , the last two weeks , she was dancing ...
She was ashamed of what she was doing .
It just ate her up . "
Just days before she vanished , Charbonneau visited her parents at their home .
A photograph taken during the visit is featured on the Web site .
" She had come over here , and she had said she wanted to settle down , " her mother said .
" She was tired of what she had done .
And you can see it in her face . "
The Charbonneaus say they want the suspect to tell them where their daughter 's body is .
" I would want him to tell us where she 's at so that we can bring her home and have that closure , " Monica Charbonneau said .
" I 'm not sure if I want to know what happened that day , " she added .
" I do n't know if that would help me .
But I do want to know where she 's at , that I need to know . "
A leading Canadian psychiatrist who kept accusations of gross human rights abuses in apartheid - era South Africa hidden has been charged in Calgary with sexually abusing a male patient and is being investigated over dozens of other allegations .
Dr Aubrey Levin , who in South Africa was known as Dr Shock for his use of electricity to " cure " gay military conscripts , was arrested after a patient secretly filmed the psychiatrist allegedly making sexual advances .
Levin , who worked at the University of Calgary 's medical school , has been suspended from practising and is free on bail of C$ 50,000 ( £ 32,000 ) on charges of repeatedly indecently assaulting a 36 - year - old man .
The police say they are investigating similar claims by nearly 30 other patients .
The Alberta justice department is reviewing scores of criminal convictions in which Levin was a prosecution witness .
Levin has worked in Canada for 15 years since leaving South Africa , where he was chief psychiatrist in the apartheid - era military and became notorious for using electric shocks to " cure " gay white conscripts .
He also held conscientious objectors against their will at a military hospital because they were " disturbed " and subjected them to powerful drug regimens .
South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission heard that Levin was guilty of " gross human rights abuses " including chemical castration of gay men .
But after arriving in Canada in 1995 he managed to suppress public discussion of his past by threatening lawsuits against news organisations that attempted to explore it .
Following the arrest , other male patients have contacted the authorities .
One , who was not identified , told CTV in Canada that he had gone to Levin for help with a gambling addiction and alleged he had been questioned about his sex life and subject to sexual advances .
The arrest has raised questions about how Levin was allowed to settle in Canada .
Canada admitted other South African medical practitioners accused of human rights abuses , including two who worked with Wouter Basson , known as Dr Death for his oversight of chemical and biological warfare experiments that included the murder of captured Namibian guerrillas .
Levin , who made no secret of his hard rightwing views and was a member of the ruling National party during apartheid , has a long history of homophobia .
In the 1960s , he wrote to a parliamentary committee considering the abolition of laws criminalising homosexuality saying that they should be left in place because he could " cure " gay people .
His efforts to do just that in the army began in 1969 at the infamous ward 22 at the Voortrekkerhoogte military hospital near Pretoria , which ostensibly catered for service personnel with psychological problems .
Commanding officers and chaplains were encouraged to refer " deviants " for electroconvulsive aversion therapy .
The treatment consisted of strapping electrodes to the upper arm .
Homosexual soldiers were shown pictures of a naked man and encouraged to fantasise , and then the power was ratcheted up .
Trudie Grobler , an intern psychologist on ward 22 , saw a lesbian subjected to severe shocks .
" It was traumatic .
I could not believe her body could handle it , " she said later .
One gay soldier claimed to have been chemically castrated by Levin .
The Truth and Reconciliation Commission was told by investigators that he was not alone .
It also heard that at least one patient had been driven to suicide .
Levin refused to testify before the commission .
Levin also treated drug users , principally soldiers who smoked marijuana , and men who objected to serving in the apartheid - era military on moral grounds , who were classified as " disturbed " .
Levin subjected some patients to narco - analysis or a " truth drug " , involving the slow injection of a barbiturate before the questioning began .
In an interview with the Guardian 10 years ago , he did not deny its use but said it was solely to help soldiers suffering from post - traumatic stress .
Levin said he left South Africa only because of the high crime rate , and denied abusing human rights .
He said electric shock therapy was a standard " treatment " for gay people at the time and those subjected to it did so voluntarily .
" Nobody was held against his or her will .
We did not keep human guinea pigs , like Russian communists ; we only had patients who wanted to be cured and were there voluntarily , " he told the Guardian in 2000 .
Given all the big news these days , it 's easy to forget that not all men are dogs .
That 's why there 's George Clooney .
We know we do n't really need to give you another reason to love him ( Haiti telethon , anyone ? ) , but this little story is such a knee - knocker , we wanted to make sure it got your Friday off on the right foot .
You see , the Up in the Air hunk was nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards just a few weeks ago , but he did n't vote for himself .
Instead , he voted for the guy who eventually went on to take home the statuette , Jeff Bridges .
Not only that , George took a photo of his ballot and sent it to the Crazy Heart star .
George 's rep , Stan Rosenfield , confirmed the tale to the New York Post , adding , " According to George , ' It was an amazing performance . '
He also told Jeff , ' If you do n't win , you can't blame me . ' "
Seriously , someone hand us a fan !
In a remarkable exposé of the Mossad operation in Dubai , The Times happens to refer to Meir Dagan ’s ( the Mossad chief ) ‘ philosophy ’ .
“ The tone of Dagan ’s directorship is set by a photograph on the wall of his modest office in the Tel Aviv headquarters .
It shows an old Jew standing on the edge of a trench .
An SS officer is aiming his rifle at the old man ’s head .
‘ This old Jew was my grandfather ’ Dagan tells visitors ” .
According to The Times , the picture reflects Dagan ’s belief : “ We should be strong , use our brain , and defend ourselves so that the Holocaust will never be repeated , ”
Dagan ’s interpretation of the photographic symbolism as a license to kill is rather banal yet common amongst Jews and Zionists in particular .
However , this interpretation is far from being the only interpretation available .
I have n’t seen the Photograph on Dagan ’s wall but I guess that it must depict a devastatingly intense situation between a murderer in Nazi uniform and an oppressed Jewish man facing his death .
However , Dagan and to a certain tragic extent , far too many Jews , are clearly fascinated by the role of the man with a rifle rather than with the ordeal of their collective grandfather , a defenseless venerable victim .
Instead of grasping the Holocaust as a universal message against racism or oppression of any kind , Dagan and his Jewish State interpret the holocaust as a license to execute .
Though the photograph can be realised as a simplistic symbolic binary opposition between the innocent ( Jew ) and the evil ( Nazi ) there is a further element in these photographs that is totally dismissed by Jewish post war political , intellectual and ideological discourse namely universalism .
Unlike the Zionist or in our case Dagan , who draws some immediate murderous ‘ operative ’ conclusions that are there to serve the Jewish tribe and that tribe only , a humanist would stare at such a photograph and try to come up with some ideas that may present us all with some positive prospects of a better future for humanity as a whole .
In the late 1940 ’s a few sporadic Jewish thinkers insisted that after Auschwitz the Jews should position themselves at the forefront of the battle against evil .
Not only has this never happened , the Jewish state is now established as the leading danger for world peace .
Moreover , Jewish lobbies enthusiastically support racist ideologies ( Zionism ) and push for colonial expansionist and interventionist conflicts around the world .
“ This old Jew was my grandfather ” says the Mossad ’s chief .
Indeed , after the big war many Jews wanted to believe that the Holocaust provided them with an entry card into humanity for the Holocaust redeems the Jews from the original sin of Crucifixion .
The Iconic image of the persecuted venerable collective ‘ grandfather ’ provides the Jew with a suffering symbol that could easily have stood a competition with Christ or any other emblem of religious persecution .
In 1979 , Pope John Paul II called Auschwitz the " Golgotha of the modern world . "
Yet , along this line of thinking , something went horribly wrong .
While Jesus ’ suffering is interpreted by his followers as a call for mercy and compassion , Dagan ’s grandfather ’s shoa experience is interpreted by the national Jew as a call for retribution and vengeance .
As disastrous as it may sound , the holocaust religion that was recognized by Israeli Philosopher Yeshayahu Leibowitz as the new Jewish religion , is nothing less than a crude and sinister call for murder .
It is probably the most resentful religion known to man .
In 1844 Karl Marx argued that for humanity to liberate itself it first must emancipate itself of Judaism * .
Karl Marx was not at all a racist , he was probably referring to Jewish ideology ( Jewishness ) which he knew closely .
I would maintain that if we want to find the road to humanism we must liberate ourselves of the Holocaust religion .
The Holocaust as a message failed to become a universal call .
Instead it matured into a tribal religion that opposes every value humanity and humanism have ever stood for .
Many of us including me tend to equate Israel to Nazi Germany .
Rather often I myself join others and argue that Israelis are the Nazis of our time .
I want to take this opportunity to amend my statement .
Israelis are not the Nazis of our time and the Nazis were not the Israelis of their time .
Israel , is in fact far worse than Nazi Germany and the above equation is simply meaningless and misleading .
In the past I mentioned that unlike totalitarian Nazi Germany , the Jewish State is a ‘ democracy ’ .
In other words , the entirety of its Jewish population is complicit in IDF crimes against humanity .
As if this is not enough , the fact that 94 % of Israel ’s Jewish population supported the IDF genocidal attack in Gaza just over a year ago makes the case against Israel solid like a rock .
But there is another point that must be mentioned here .
As we all know very well , Nazi Germany did n’t like its Jews .
It introduced racial laws , it aimed to cleanse Germany and even the rest of Europe of its Jewish population .
It did n’t want to see Jews in politics , in the workplace , in shops , in the media , in the banks and in the streets .
As resentful as Nazi policies were , one thing was clear .
Germany did it all in the open .
It did n’t hide a thing .
It was racist and it was proud about its bigotry .
Israel and its Jewish lobbies on the other hand , are doing it all in a deceiving method .
Rather than saying we hate Arabs , we want Muslims out or even dead , rather than admitting its ethnic cleansing policies and practices , Israel always kills in the name of a grand ‘ progressive ’ ideology : in the name of democracy , pluralism , ‘ moral interventionism ’ , ‘ war against terror ’ and so on .
Israel ’s supporters around the world are doing very much the same , they preach for war in the name of ‘ noble motives ’ , they always want to ‘ liberate ’ other people , and to teach them about the greatest values of the ‘ democracy ’ through military expansionist interventionism .
The legendary Israeli humanist Israel Shahak wrote in the late 1980 ’s about his experience as a Jew under Nazi occupation : " if you enter a square from which there are three exits , one guarded by a German SS man , one by an Ukrainian and one by a Jewish policeman , then you should first try to pass the German , and then maybe the Ukrainian , but never the Jew . "
I must say it loudly .
I take Shahak ’s advice very seriously .
If I ever enter a square from which there are two exits , one Guarded by a Nazi officer holding a rifle and the other blocked by Meir Dagan holding a pillow , I will certainly go for the Nazi with no hesitation .
Mossad Chief Meir Dagan holding a pillow ( photoshop collage )
* On The Jewish Question - Karl Marx 1844 http://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1844/jewish-question/
﻿
Advertisements
After Sen. Jim Bunning gave up his filibuster , the Senate quickly passed an extension of jobless benefits 78 - 19 .
All 19 of the no votes were from Republicans , and of those eight of them came from states that face higher than the national average unemployment rates and seven of these senators come from the South .
This is the kind of ideologically driven vote that could come back to haunt Republicans in November .
According to the Institute for Southern Studies , eight senators who represent states with higher than the national average unemployment rate voted against the bill .
These senators included Kentucky ’s Bunning and McConnell , who chose to ignore the state ’s 10.7 % unemployment rate , Tennessee ’s ( 10.9 % unemployment ) Alexander and Corker , Alabama ’s ( 11 % unemployment ) Jeff Sessions , North Carolina ’s ( 11.2 % unemployment ) Richard Burr , South Carolina ’s ( 12.6 % unemployment ) Jim DeMint , and Nevada ’s ( 13 % unemployment ) John Ensign .
Earlier this week , DeMint took to the Senate floor to praise Bunning ’s courage :
Advertisements
I wonder if the unemployed people of South Carolina care about Jim Bunning ’s “ courage ” or would they have their benefits so that they can put food on the table ?
Interestingly , not a single one of these Republican senators publicized their no votes on their websites , which is proof that these eight know the political fire that they are playing with by taking an ideological stand against the unemployed during a time of recession .
If is fiscal responsibility is such a big issue with voters then why are n’t these senators still out there banging the drum after the vote ?
This is the kind of vote that can come back to haunt an incumbent during a reelection campaign .
It makes these senators appear to be absolutely ideological and completely out of touch with their constituencies .
The Republicans had been gaining a great deal of momentum over the past few months , but their stubborn insistence on ideological purity is certain to hurt them with voters at some point .
Clegg says only the Lib Dems will curb ' snooping state '
The UK has the most cameras in Europe , the Lib Dems say The Lib Dems would restore people 's right to privacy which has been " trampled " on by the government , party leader Nick Clegg has said .
In a speech in London , Mr Clegg claimed the state had intruded more and more into peoples ' lives under Labour .
He highlighted the growth of CCTV cameras , the retention of innocent people 's DNA and ID cards as evidence of " endless snooping " by government .
Ministers say such measures are needed to help tackle crime and terrorism .
Addressing the civil liberties group Privacy International , Mr Clegg said the forthcoming general election - expected to be on 6 May - was an opportunity for people " to take their privacy back " .
He cited the ID cards scheme , the fact the UK had become a " world leader " in surveillance cameras , and the growth of databases holding personal information as signs that the government risked sacrificing liberty in the pursuit of security .
Under Labour , he said , the DNA of more than a million people never charged with an offence or convicted was stored on a national database while 4,300 new criminal offences had been introduced since 1997 .
' Flagrant disregard '
The number of cases in which government departments and officials had lost people 's personal data was " staggering " , he added .
" Labour has spent 13 years trampling over people 's privacy , " he said .
" Labour 's flagrant disregard for our privacy flies in the face of hard - won British liberty .
It betrays a deep distrust of the British people , as well as an obsession with controlling every aspect of everyday life from Whitehall . "
Only the Liberal Democrats will bring an end to the endless snooping on innocent people
Nick Clegg
If they win power , the Lib Dems have pledged to introduce legislation to safeguard basic liberties , strengthen data protection laws , " restore " the right to peaceful protest and abolish ID cards .
The Conservatives have also said they will abolish ID cards and introduce a new Bill of Rights to stop the " erosion " of civil liberties but Mr Clegg argued that the Tories ' commitment to the issue was skin - deep .
" The Conservatives talk a good game on privacy but scratch beneath the surface and it is clear they cannot be trusted to roll back Labour 's surveillance state , " he said .
" Only the Liberal Democrats will bring an end to the endless snooping on innocent people . "
Last year a Lords Committee warned that electronic surveillance and collection of personal data were " pervasive " in society and threatened to undermine democracy .
Ministers say the DNA database , which is the largest in the world , is vital for tackling crime and it has given the police possible leads on an offender 's identity in nearly half a million cases over the last decade .
In the face of widespread criticism , the government has proceeded with ID cards , saying they will tackle illegal working and immigration abuse and disrupt the use of false identities by criminals and terrorists .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For the last year , the left wing ( and , to some extent , the right - wing as well ) has insisted that Democratic health care legislation without the public option amounts to nothing more than a giveaway to the insurance industry .
Interestingly enough , Sunday 's Washington Post reports :
Reacting to President Obama 's recent statements that he will move ahead with legislation , health insurance companies have enlisted hundreds of lobbyists in a full - court press against the proposed overhaul , which would force dramatic cuts and increased regulation on the industry .
At the same time , insurers are pushing back against a separate bill approved by the House last week that would remove the industry 's antitrust exemption .
Now , clearly the Democrats were negotiating with , and attempting to defang , the insurance industry .
But the conclusion that the resulting bill was just a subsidy to insurers is obviously wrong .
The insurers were playing a double game -- hoping reform would die , but negotiating to limit their downside risk if it did pass .
They were most friendly to reform when it looked inevitable .
Now that they have a chance to kill it , they 're taking their best shot .
That 's not something you do to legislation that 's designed to give you billions in profits .
Well , I could barely believe this myself : I checked out Cafu on a Raspberry Pi 2 for the very first time , compiled – and without further ado , it worked !
Simple as that .
This is remarkable because Cafu , even though designed for cross - platform portability , has never been run on an ARM architecture ...
Add plumbing to the mysterious arts of the ancient Maya , investigators report .
In a Journal of Archaeological Science study , anthropologist Kirk French and civil engineer Christopher Duffy of Penn State report on a conduit designed to deliver pressurized water to Palenque , an urban center in southern Mexico , more than 1,400 years ago .
" The ancient Maya are renowned as great builders , but are rarely regarded as great engineers .
Their constructions , though often big and impressive , are generally considered unsophisticated , " say the study authors .
However , they add , " ( m ) any Maya centers exhibit sophisticated facilities that captured , routed , stored , or otherwise manipulated water for various purposes . "
Palenque , founded around 100 A.D. , grew to some 1,500 temples , homes and palaces by 800 A.D. , under a series of powerful rulers .
" With 56 springs , nine perennial waterways , aqueducts , pleasure pools , dams , and bridges – the city truly lived up to its ancient name , Lakamha ' or " Big Water " , " says the study .
Excavations reveal the 217 - foot - long , spring - fed " Piedras Bolas " aqueduct underneath Palenque was designed to narrow at its end , producing a high - pressure fountain .
It 's the first example of deliberately - engineered hydraulic pressure in the New World , prior to the arrival of the conquistadors in the 1,500's .
Now eroded , the conduit dates from 250 A.D. to 600 A.D .
" Palenque is unique in that it is a major center where the Maya built water systems to drain water away from the site , " says archaeologist Lisa Lucero of the University of Illinois , by email .
Most Maya centers stored water in reservoirs for the winter dry season .
" Palenque , thus , is a unique site ; we would not expect to find such water systems elsewhere .
That said , there is lots of lit on the different kinds of water systems .
For example , all centers with large plazas have drainage systems to keep the plazas dry during rain . "
The conduit lay underneath several households and could have stored water during the dry season , suggest the study authors .
Another possibility , the conduit's flow may have , " created the pressure necessary for an aesthetically pleasing fountain , and perhaps served as an aid in the filling of water jars . "
Archaeologists may have missed such technology elsewhere , concludes the study , not giving the ancients enough credit .
"
It is likely that there are other examples of Precolumbian water pressure throughout the Americas that have been misidentified or unassigned .
The most promising candidate being the segmented ceramic tubing found at several sites throughout central Mexico , " they suggest .
By Dan Vergano
The first editions of Philip K. Dick 's novels saw limited runs and Dick rarely attended signings .
As a result , early and signed copies of Dick 's books fetch top dollar on the rare book circuit .
Guess which Dick novel sold for $ 6.5 K ?
Advertisement
AbeBooks has compiled a list of the most expensive Dick sales ever to grace the site .
Note that these are only the books that sold - there are plenty of pricey books still up for grabs .
You can still pick up a first edition of Dr. Bloodmoney if you have $ 1500 lying around .
Here 's the 15 most expensive rare Dick novels AbeBooks ever sold .
Note the darkly screwball autographs from Dick himself :
1. ) Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? - $ 6,500
2. ) Deus Irae - $ 4,470
3. ) The Man in the High Castle - $ 2,000 ( " To Terry - To whom I admit ( which I 've never admitted to anyone else ) that the second umlaut is left off the word Gotterdammerung in TMITHC .
With all good wishes .
Philip K. Dick " )
4. ) A Scanner Darkly - $ 2000 ( " Philip K. Dick / Dope will kill you " )
5. ) The Game - Players of Titan - $ 1500
6. ) Valis - $ 1326
7. ) Now Wait for Last Year - $ 1300 ( " To two of the nicest people on God 's screwed up world .
- Philip K. Dick January 5 , 1969 " )
8. ) In Pursuit of Valis : Selections from the Exegesis - $ 1250
9. ) Dr. Bloodmoney or , How We Got Along After The Bomb - $ 1200
10 . ) Ubik - $ 1200 ( " I hope you did not become too depressed by Ubik .
I now see a more hopeful world around us than I depicted herein .
Thanks to the fine persons I have met so recently , and with so much pleasure - Philip K Dick " )
11 . ) The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch - $ 1137
12 . ) Flow My Tears , the Policeman Said - $ 1000
13 . ) Solar Lottery - $ 1000
14 . ) Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick - $ 995
15 . ) Confessions of a Crap Artist - $ 912
Advertisement
More details on these particular books can be found at AbeBooks .
REVIEW UPDATE : March 6 2018 : Lear Capital remains committed to increased customer satisfaction and has improved their business practices over the years to better serve their customers .
Lear Capital is truly dedicated to making sure their customers are satisfied and that any complaints which do arise are addressed promptly and fairly .
To date , Lear Capital has made good faith efforts to resolve all complaints reported on Ripoff Report .
Based on our experience , the member business has proven to be among the top members of the Ripoff Report Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program as a Verified Safe Business .
Over time and since becoming a member , Lear Capital has remained actively engaged and improving the way they address customer service complaints .
As an active and current member of the Rip - off Report Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program we are happy to report that now more than ever Lear Capital remains committed to improving customer satisfaction .
Remember , no company or individual can ever satisfy 100 % of the people 100 % of the time .
There are no products or services that will always be perfect for everyone and even the best companies will receive complaints from time to time .
However , by participating in the Corporate Advocacy Program , the member business has made a commitment to working with its customers to resolve complaints quickly and fairly whenever possible .
Please keep in mind that as a consumer you have some responsibilities as well .
Success has many definitions that based on your past experiences , current situation and your perceived expectations .
Success with any product or service is always based on the proper application and understanding .
The fastest car will not run if you never turn the engine on .
Look at how you used the product or service that was provided in relation with the instructions that you received .
The Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program will help you get your voice heard but please be prepared with documentation and fair representation of your concern , also have an idea of how the company can fix your concern .
Can they offer additional services , extend warranties , offer a fair refund or just get you talking with someone that can help .
.. let them know and let us know !
* Any consumer not receiving satisfaction from a member of the Corporate Advocacy Program should email us at editor@ripoffreport.com
Ripoff Report REVIEW :
Editors UPDATE : Positive rating and recognition has been given to Lear Capital for its commitment to excellence in customer service .
Ripoff Reports discussions with Lear Capital have assured us that Lear Capital has made customer satisfaction a core principle and that Lear is constantly seeking ways to improve its already high standard of customer care .
This means that Lear Capital will provide accurate , timely and courteous information to its clientele and that Lear staff will work quickly to satisfactorily resolve any client questions or concerns .
It also means that Lear is committed to learning from its customers through regular , voluntary follow - up calls and conversations .
This feedback helps Lears customer care team to correct any mistakes and to ensure an even higher standard of customer service in the future .
RipOff Reports was pleased to learn that Lear Capitals president , Kevin DeMeritt , deliberately focused on excellent customer service as a business hallmark in order to make Lear stand out from other gold and precious metals investing firms .
Indeed , great customer service is what DeMeritt terms the Lear Advantage .
As an investment industry leader , Mr. DeMeritt understands that Lear clients investments are precious and that Lear has a responsibility to meet the highest standards of transparency , integrity and customer assurance .
Lears goal is to establish a long - term relationship with its clients and understands that it can only do so by providing them with the best and most timely information and guidance .
A top executive at Lear told Ripoff Report that Mr. DeMeritt is an innovator constantly looking for ways to provide added value to his customers .
Kevin understands that the world is changing and that investors needs change just as fast .
He strives to provide clients with real - time answers to real - time questions about precious metals investing .
His goal is to provide the best and most responsive customer service in the industry , whether through knowledgeable and friendly customer care representatives , or through constantly - updated information on Lears full - service website .
Kevins philosophy is :
Never make a customer wait , never make a customer wonder .
Lear Capitals customer care team notes that the expertise of Lears senior management gives Lear clients confidence .
DeMeritt , predicted the market crash of 2001 on national radio and the ensuing strength of gold as an investment .
He has steered Lear to a position as one of the most prominent precious metals investing companies in America , with frequent endorsements from a range of media leaders , including the Rush Limbaugh Show , Michael Medved , Dennis Prager , George Noory , Laura Ingraham , Mike Gallagher , Oliver North , Noah Hutchings , the late Marlin Maddoux and many others .
More importantly , DeMeritt and his team have helped thousands of investors protect their savings and retirement through the well - timed purchase of precious metals .
As a result , Lear clients report high customer satisfaction .
Polly Gable , a customer of Lear Capital has this to say , My representative , Victor DeRose , rates an A +.
I had tried to purchase some coins from another company but they were so rude that I just hung up the phone .
I was delighted to find Victor and his professional , kind , and helpful manner .
I am recommending him to friends .
All in all my first experience buying metals was a wonderful one .
I hope to purchase more as time goes on .
Lear Capital recognizes that complaints posted on Rip - off Report ( whether true or not ) are issues that need to be addressed , not ignored .
If handled correctly , complaints can be valuable learning opportunities .
With the feedback generated by Ripoff Reports Investigation , Lear Capital has instituted systematic changes to ensure that problems are resolved quickly and quality standards remain high .
How does a business get Ripoff Report Verified ™
The member business allows Ripoff report to email everyone from the past .
Those who respond to Ripoff report with a valid complaint must be take care of .. they have made a commitment that if anyone contacts Ripoff Report in the future , they will make things right within 14 days .
The member business must err on the side of their customers .
Otherwise the member business is off the program .
Ripoff Report has determined that Lear Capital meets Ripoff Report Verified ™ standards which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints Members of the Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction program do pay a fee for our on - site review , 24 hour monitoring and for support with customers to resolve any disagreements .
Ripoff Report sends a 3rd party service to do an onside inspection of the new member business .
The on - site inspection / review does not mean that the products or services offered by the business have been evaluated or endorsed by Ripoff Report , and has not made a determination as to the business ' product quality or competency in performing services .
We can verify , that Ripoff Report went to the business , verified their business or “ work from home business ” , there for , if a customer in the future does not get treated correctly , Ripoff Report can get the problem resolved .
If not , and the customers is right , the member business will be taken off the Corporate Advocacy Program .
Remember , Ripoff Report emailed every customer from the past that filed a complaint to make sure the member business made things right with customers from the past .
Again , to err on the side of their customer , those from the past and those in the future .
In summary , after our investigation , which included discussions with Mr. DeMeritt and many of his past and current associates , Rip - off Report is convinced that Lear Capital is committed to delivering high quality services resulting in total client satisfaction .
Read more about why consumers should feel confident when doing business with a member of Ripoff Report 's Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation & Customer Satisfaction Program .
Yes , its a long name for a program that does a lot for both consumers and businesses alike .
Read about Rip - off Report Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation & Customer Satisfaction Program , ..
A program that benefits the consumer , assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business .
this program works .
SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT MOST OF THE REPORTS FILED ABOUT LEAR CAPITAL :
As a matter of policy , when a business becomes a member of the Corporate Advocacy Program they agree to allow Ripoff Report to contact every person who filed a complaint so the member business can make things right with them .
In order to confirm that the complaint was resolved , Ripoff Report emailed the author of all the reports about Lear Capital ..
Fortunately , the posting of false reports is not the norm , .. Sadly in this case , most of the reports posted about Lear were filed by the same person .
The good news is , the few Reports that were real where people did respond did so in a positive way ..
Most of the other Reports that were not posted by the same person looked suspicious ....
Ripoff Report has the evidence .
Ripoff Report waited more than 2 weeks to post this UPDATE .
It is the opinion of Ripoff Report , because the Precious Metals industry is so competitive , that it is more than likely unscrupulous cut - throat competitors posted the reports about Lear .
Executives at Lear admit to Ripoff Report they are not perfect , as no company or individual ever is , but , the people at Lear have made a commitment to do their best to always do right and what is fair by their customers .
If any of our readers feels a member of the Corporate Advocacy Program did not do right by them , to please contact us here at Ripoff Report .
editor@ripoffreport.com
=====================
NOW TO THE ORIGINAL REPORT THAT WAS FILED
=====================
//
Lear Capital - Sterling Trust Absolute theft upfront of atleast 40 % of my investment - lies like I can't believe !
Los Angeles California
I few years ago I transferred the dollar amount of a 401 K to a Lear Capital precious metal IRA .
When I received my 1st statement I noticed that they had the amount on deposit as being only about half of that amount .
I called my " Agent " and asked about it .
He stated that it was because the account was in rare collectible coins and the dollar amount showing only reflected the spot price of the deposit .
He also said this was done because it was " safer " as collectible coin and could not be confiscated by the government as bullion could .
He also said that the coins often hold many times the spot price and one investor was recently informed he had a very rare and valuable coin .
A few months ago I got a notice about a class action Arbitration Settlement regarding a lack of clear contract verbiage .
At that time I was still confidently believing my Agent was looking out for my interests and as I read the document it indicated there where 3 groups who would not be eligible for compensation from the settlement .
I did not fall into one of the 3 groups so I figured OK , I 'll just wait and see what happens .
I do n't need to send in any paper work now , I 'll just wait .
I recently made a partial withdrawal from the account for the first time and in talking to the Agent he never quoted , mentioned or referenced the coins in terms of a collectible value only as the spot price value .
That night , the light bulb when off .
The Arbitration Settlement said something about 40 % fees being accessed under the guise of Spread .
Well I realized that from day one Lear had deliberately stolen 40 % of the deposit up front !
I went to the web site referencing the settlement www.RareCoinSettlement.com in order to check on the status and noticed that various options seemed to have expired .
After reading the Notice over again I realize that it had mislead me and that they wanted me to file in order to be eligible .
Instead of 3 groups being ineligible for settlement amounts there where really 4 groups .
Namely , people like myself who did not file an eligibility claim .
After studying the site above , it seems to also imply that I may not be eligible to ever get compensation under their arbitration because of not filling as part of this current action .
There is also another settlement for non arbitration .
Odd that the dates for both are the same .
It appears to me that not only has Lear created this deceptive Notification document but has rushed this settlement process in an effort to try and limit their liability on future claims .
So not only has Lear Capital screwed me by stealing my money ( personal property ) up front from day one , lying about what they have done , presented a misleading / fraudulent notification of arbitration document , but they have synced these processes to try and minimize responsibility and guarantee theft from probably a majority of investors for whom the light bulb has not yet gone on .
I realize now that the statement of the account never identified the collectible price of the coins and the collectable price paid for them .
I do n't think the collectible price is every used by Lear Capital which is completely the opposite of what the Agent stated .
Realview Richardson , Texas
U.S.A .
Pensionsrechner & Pensionskontorechner - Pensionshöhe berechnen 2020
Jeder Beschäftigte in Österreich kann in Zukunft einsehen , was ihn bei der eigenen Pension erwarten wird .
Dazu gibt es ein neues Pensionskonto , welches jährlich auf den Euro genau Auskunft geben kann .
Fraglich ist jedoch , ab wann man in Pension gehen kann und wie die Mindestversicherungszeit aussieht .
Diese und weitere offene Fragen klären wir in unserem kleinen Ratgeber , um Ihnen genau zu zeigen , was Sie bei dem Pensionskonto wissen müssen .
A medical student and faculty directors from the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics analyzed depictions of bioethical issues and professionalism over a full season of two popular medical dramas -- " Grey 's Anatomy " and " House , M.D. " -- and found that the shows were " rife " with ethical dilemmas and actions that often ran afoul of professional codes of conduct .
The authors of the review , available in the April issue of the Journal of Medical Ethics , say they were well aware that their findings would end up stating the obvious .
But they nonetheless wanted to provide data that would shed light on the relationship of these depictions on the perceptions of viewers , both health professionals and the general public .
" I think the utility in our study is that it provides a starting point for a discussion , " says fourth - year medical student Matthew Czarny , a researcher at the Berman Institute .
" In no way are we saying that these shows are educational in and of themselves . "
An earlier analysis by the co-authors , along with fellow Berman Institute faculty member Marie Nolan , Ph.D. , found that more than 80 percent of medical and nursing students watch television medical dramas .
That study also concluded that the programs may prompt students to think and talk about bioethical issues .
In analyzing the second seasons of " Grey 's Anatomy " and " House , " Czarny counted 179 depictions of bioethical issues , under 11 different topics , ranging from informed consent to organ - transplant eligibility to human experimentation .
Berman Institute Director Ruth Faden , Ph.D. , the Philip Franklin Wagley Professor of Biomedical Ethics , and the institute 's deputy director for medicine , Jeremy Sugarman , M.D. , the Harvey M. Meyerhoff Professor of Bioethics and Medicine , designed the study , helped develop the coding and ensured the quality of the findings .
advertisement
Given the vivid portrayals of clinical practice and bioethical issues in medical dramas -- albeit through storylines that sometimes stray into the realm of outlandish -- the co-authors began systematically eyeing the programs in the genre several years ago to assess the nature and extent of the depictions .
" Grey 's Anatomy , " now in its sixth season on ABC , is one of the most watched prime - time television series in the country and chronicles the lives of five surgical interns and their attending and resident physicians .
" House , " which airs on Fox and is also in its sixth season , follows the medical maverick Dr. Gregory House and his trainees , as they diagnose and treat only the most difficult cases .
Informed consent was the most frequently observed bioethical issue .
Of 49 total incidents , 43 percent involved " exemplary " consent discussions , while the remaining instances were " inadequate . "
In general , exemplary depictions portrayed " compassionate , knowledgeable physicians participating in a balanced discussion with a patient about possible treatment options . "
Conversely , inadequate depictions were " marked by hurried and one - sided discussions , refusal by physicians to answer questions " and " even an entire lack of informed consent for risky procedures , " the authors state .
They also tallied 22 incidents of " ethically questionable departures from standard practice , " most of them depicting doctors endangering patients unnecessarily in their pursuit of a favorable outcome .
" In almost all of these incidents ( 18 out of 22 ) , the implicated physician is not penalized , " the authors note .
advertisement
Czarny , the study 's lead author , recalled an episode of " Grey 's Anatomy " in which an intern forged an attending physician 's signature .
" When this is discovered , the attending seems somewhat grateful that that was pursued , " Czarny said .
And he cited another egregious example from the show , in which an intern administers medical care while intoxicated .
The study also examined 400 incidents of professionalism , which included interactions among professional colleagues , as well as those with patients .
The authors limited their count to incidents they defined as either " exemplary " or " egregious . "
" Incidents related to respect were the most frequently observed across both series , and depictions were largely negative , " the authors concluded .
The next most commonly observed departure from professionalism was sexual misconduct , with 58 incidents notched by the second season of " Grey 's Anatomy " and 11 in " House . "
Out of 178 interactions between professionals , across all issues , the authors deemed just nine exemplary in nature .
Acknowledging that both series are intended for entertainment purposes , the Berman Institute group said none of the findings were unexpected .
And because the study was a content analysis , the authors did not set out to determine the value of these medical dramas as educational tools .
Rather , their goal was to inform discussions about whether medical dramas should be shown in a classroom to spur conversations about ethics and professionalism among medical and nursing students .
' Unprecedented '
So using the budget reconciliation process is unprecedented .
And using Deem and Pass is unprecedented .
According to my conservative friends , it 's all unprecedented .
The fact that budget reconciliation and Deem and Pass were both common Republican tactics does not , it seems , lend them any precedent .
It 's as if what 's really unprecedented is Democrats being unwilling to fold in the face of Republican obstruction .
We have to make a decision here , though .
Is it a problem if the workings of Congress are transformed by unprecedented use of existing rules ?
If so , then we need to start with the filibuster .
The fact that Democrats had to break more filibusters last year than in the 1950s and 1960s combined is , quite literally , unprecedented .
And let me be clear : I think this is a problem .
You can't run the Senate on a supermajority requirement .
Budget reconciliation is a limited and bizarre process .
Deem and Pass is , as I said yesterday , both politically and substantively inane .
Congress needs to decide how the place is going to be run and then rewrite the rulebook so that it actually works that way .
Otherwise , it 's just going to be one unprecedented event after another .
Unprecedented use of the filibuster will trigger unprecedented reliance on reconciliation .
Unprecedented gridlock in the Senate will lead to unprecedented efforts by the House to protect itself from Senate failure .
But you can't pick and choose .
Either unprecedented use of the rules is a problem or it is n't .
But if it is , then you have to be upset about the filibuster .
And if it is n't , then you can't be upset when the rules are manipulated by both sides .
Congress can work by the letter of its laws or by the spirit of their intent , but it 's got to be one or the other .
Graph credit : Norm Ornstein / The American .
By Jeremy Lott - February 23 , 2010
The last several years have not been easy for libertarians to stomach .
The U.S. government , which had bloated under President George W. Bush and a Republican Congress - the annual budget had climbed from $ 2 to $ 3 trillion under Bush and that did n't count much off - budget military spending - has grown even more under President Barack Obama and his Democrats .
The U.S. now has nationalized industries , out - of - control deficits , and a looming entitlement crunch to deal with .
And that 's before we factor in Obama 's calls for even more stimulus and new programs .
America , the joke goes , does n't have the change to afford hope any more .
So why are so many libertarians smiling ?
It 's not merely a matter of I - told - you - so .
They have real cause to be happy .
At the same time as government has grown so much , there have been several quiet libertarian victories that expand American freedoms and that may work to put the brakes on more government intrusions in the future .
Those victories were engineered or assisted by libertarians who have decided to press their case not just in the political arena but through the courts .
I first began to see the full scope of these victories last month when I had lunch with a serious libertarian historian of campaign finance law .
It was the eve of the Citizens United decision , which would effectively scrap most restrictions on independent campaign spending by individuals , groups , and corporations .
He told me that if the ruling came down as expected -- and it did -- then he might have to find himself a different line of work .
Mission accomplished .
The lawsuit that tore down most of our restrictive campaign finance laws was brought by a conservative filmmaker with an ax to grind against Hillary Clinton .
The basis of arguing against that law was laid out by libertarian legal scholars who pointed out that the free speech clause of the First Amendment ( " Congress shall make no law ... " ) is clear .
Libertarians argued that the case against prohibiting corporations from taking part in campaigns was specious .
It did n't matter if it was an individual speaking or people speaking corporately .
The real rub was whether the government can silence speech .
And they painted the argument that money is n't speech as a bit of liberal naivete .
After all , money makes the mass exercise of speech possible .
Wendy Kaminer wrote in The Atlantic that " as a practical matter , money is speech " and , the clincher , " Few reproductive choice advocates would insist that money is n't choice . "
As with the First Amendment , so with the Second .
The 2008 Heller decision , which finally and unambiguously stated that law abiding U.S. citizens have a " right to keep and bear arms , " was the result of several lawsuits , included one launched by scholars associated with the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank , and argued by libertarian lawyer Alan Gura .
Cato thought its role in the case so important that it commissioned the book Gun Control on Trial .
Most of last year featured furious argument over Obama 's cap - and - trade scheme .
The chief opposition to the complicated tax and rationing scheme was not congressional Republicans but the Competitive Enterprise Institute ( CEI ) , another D.C. - based libertarian think tank .
Led by former Environmental Protection Agency policy analyst Fred Smith , CEI has proved willing not only to argue against policies it disagrees with but to sue .
Last week CEI filed suit in federal appeals court challenging the EPA 's forthcoming regulation of greenhouse gasses under the Clean Air Act .
This came on the tail of a petition filed by CEI and a few other groups asking the EPA to reconsider its rule in light of the recent Climategate scandal .
The idea is n't so much to win in court - though they would take a win , they assure me - but to gum up the works long enough for Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski to get a resolution of disapproval through the Senate , which will then be used to force the EPA to back down .
Finally , libertarian - leaning groups such as the Marijuana Policy Project and NORML have worked to advocate medical marijuana laws with great success .
They have used lawsuits and publicity over police crackdowns to push for public support and policies to make it much easier to legally grow , buy , and consume marijuana .
The federal government is starting to back off and medical weed is popping up in all kinds of places where that would have been inconceivable in the past , including the District of Columbia .
Your humble analyst had been skeptical of the success of such tactics in the past .
But when the most recent Iowa Poll showed two - thirds of that state 's otherwise reserved residents are in favor of medicinal pot , I finally realized that those NORML folks were n't half - baked after all .
Could Issue of Abortion Derail Health Care Bill ?
Rep.
Stupak says he wo n't vote for bill if it contains Senate abortion language .
WASHINGTON , March 4 , 2010  -- Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Mich. , today said he and 11 other House members will not vote for the health care bill unless it includes more stringent language to prevent federal funding from going toward abortion services .
" We 're not going to vote for this bill with that kind of language , " Stupak told " Good Morning America 's " George Stephanopoulos today , referring to the Senate health care bill , which includes less restrictive language than what the Democratic lawmaker proposed in the House .
Stupak said he is willing to take the criticism that will be hurled at him if he blocks the bill because of the abortion language , but that he wo n't back down on his principles .
" I want to see health care pass .
I agree ... people are being priced out of the market .
We must have health care but , boy , there are some principles and beliefs that some of us are not going to pass , " he said .
" We 're prepared to take the responsibility .
I mean , I 've been catching it ever since last fall .
Let 's face it , I want to see health care .
But we 're not going to bypass some principles and beliefs that we feel strongly about . "
The ongoing abortion debate threatens to stall the health care bill and reflects the deep divide among Democrats .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs today said the president would like to see the House pass the health care bill before he departs for his international trip on March 18 , but that does include passing the " fixes " that the White House has proposed .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , today said that the bill makes no changes to the existing law on abortion .
" There is no change in the access to abortion , no more no less .
It is abortion neutral , " Pelosi told reporters .
" If you believe that there should be no federal funding for abortion , and if you believe that there should be no change in policy ... we will pass the bill . "
Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius told Stephanopoulos on " GMA " that the bill is not about abortion , but about changing the health care system to ease the burden on families and small businesses facing skyrocketing insurance premiums .
" I think the president has made it clear from the outset that the health reform bill should not change the status quo on abortion policy in America .
That 's not what this about , " Sebelius said .
" There will be no federal funding for abortions . "
" This is n't about abortion debate .
It 's about health reform , " she added .
Proponents of more stringent abortion measures such as Stupak argue that in an insurance exchange , which is part of the health care overhaul bill , the current standing regulations on abortions will not be enough to prevent federal funding from going toward those services .
" We want see a bill .
But the bill that they [ White House ] are using as a vehicle is the Senate bill , " Stupak said .
" You would find in there the federal government would directly subsidize abortions , plus every enrollee in the Office of Personnel management plan , every enrollee has to pay a minimum of $ 1 per month toward reproductive rights which includes abortion . "
" Give us our language .
Let 's keep current law : No public funding for abortion . "
President Obama 's proposal , released last week , builds on the Senate health care bill , which includes less - restrictive language on abortion than the House bill .
But those who support the language in the Senate bill and the president 's proposal say it maintains the existing law .
" I hope that when the bill is in its final form and people have a chance to look at it , I think they will understand that this bill does not change the status quo on abortion , " Sebelius said .
The language in the Senate health care bill restricts the use of public funds for abortion services .
But private insurance plans that are offered in the insurance exchange can cover abortion if funds for the procedure are used only from premiums paid by beneficiaries .
States have the option of banning coverage in insurance plans brought in insurance marketplaces .
Stupak 's amendment , which was part of the House bill but failed in the Senate , limits access to abortions for people who receive federal subsidies and those who purchase insurance through a health insurance exchange , a marketplace where people would be able to shop for and compare insurance plans .
Stupak 's more restrictive anti-abortion language passed the House by a vote of 240- 194 .
Senators defeated the anti-abortion amendment 54 - 45 , and that Obama is pushing .
Stupak said the abortion language can be included even through reconciliation , a process which does not require 60 votes but a simple majority of 51 senators to pass .
" You can do it , if there 's a will there 's a way , " he said .
" That 's just the excuse they 're giving . "
Can Abortion Issue Derail Health Care Bill ?
The issue of abortion has sparked nationwide debate .
Anti-abortion groups vigorously oppose the legislation being discussed but groups that favor abortion rights say the House 's language would move the federal government into a whole new area of restricting women in the private insurance sector .
Stupak said he talked to the president in September and expressed his concerns about the abortion language .
He said he has repeatedly told the Democratic leadership in the House that they have to include the language to garner full support , but has been told that it 's hard for the leadership to do that .
The congressman from Michigan does not think there are enough votes in the House to pass the health care bill as it currently stands , and called the Senate bill " totally unacceptable . "
" I 'm not involved in the head count but they are lucky if they have 150 votes , " Stupak told ABCNews.com .
" They have to make a lot of improvements in order to get House members to vote for it .
Members are not enamored with the process or contents of the bill . "
The president on Wednesday launched his final push to get health care legislation passed , indicating a willingness to work with Republicans on some issues but telling Democrats to use Capitol Hill 's controversial reconciliation rules to get a bill to his desk if necessary .
" The president is talking about Congress moving again on bills that have already passed , " Sebelius said today .
" And I think the American public deserve an up or down vote . "
" It 's urgent ... and we need to figure out how to move forward as quickly as possible , " she added .
Republicans have been grousing for weeks about the use of reconciliation , saying it shortcuts the process and should not be used for a bill of such importance .
Obama once again dismissed calls from Republicans to scrap the current legislation and start over , arguing that too much time has already been spent on this issue and the differences between the two parties will not be resolved with another year of negotiations and debate .
" [ Health care reform ] deserves the same kind of up - or - down vote that was cast on welfare reform , the Children 's Health Insurance Program , COBRA health coverage for the unemployed , and both Bush tax cuts – all of which had to pass Congress with nothing more than a simple majority , " the president said Wednesday , citing five bills that were passed in the Senate using reconciliation rules .
" For us to start over now could simply lead to delay that could last for another decade or even more , " he said .
" The American people , and the U.S. economy , just can't wait that long . "
The White House 's outline for the path to getting a bill passed includes having the House pass the health care reform legislation passed by the Senate on Christmas Eve , as well as a second bill containing " fixes " to that legislation .
Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo made its first captive carry flight early this morning at the Mojave Air and Space Port .
SpaceShipTwo , which was christened the VSS Enterprise at its unveiling in December , is being carried by WhiteKnight Two on its first test flight .
According to Aviation Week , SpaceShipTwo has been undergoing ground testing with WhiteKnightTwo recently , but this is the first time the two aircraft have left the ground .
SpaceShipTwo is expected to go through a similar flight test program as its much smaller predecessor , SpaceShipOne , but with much more rigorous and wider ranging evaluations in order to certify the vehicle for public use .
During SpaceShipOne 's development , two captive carries were followed by several glide tests where the space ship is released from several different altitudes to evaluate its flight characteristics .
After glide flights , the flight test team at Scaled moved on to powered flight , eventually culminating with the first flight into space on June 21 , 2004 .
WhiteKnightTwo made its first flight on December 21 , 2008 with test pilot Peter Siebold at the controls .
At Oshkosh , we caught up with Siebold and got a first hand account of what it is like to fly the 140 foot wingspan , twin fuselaged behemoth that carries SpaceShipTwo .
Virgin Galactic has not set a date for commercial space flights , but has said passenger flights would not happen before 2011 at the earliest .
According to the company , once glide flights are complete , the team will progress through subsonic powered flights , supersonic powered flights , and finally suborbital space flights .
It will then undergo a lengthy certification process with the Federal Aviation Administration before launching the first commercial passenger space flights .
( Update : click here for photos of SpaceShipTwo 's first flight , and here for video of the first flight )
Photo : SpaceShipTwo and WhiteKnightTwo at SS2's unveiling in December / Virgin Galactic
At E3 , Nintendo will be introducing new hardware , the Nintendo 3DS .
In an official release , Nintendo describes the portable as allowing games to be " enjoyed with 3D effects without the need for any special glasses " .
It is not yet known how the 3D effects will work , but it is possible that it could work like this Japan - only DSiWare game .
Advertisement
According to Nintendo , the product will go on sale between April 2010 and March 2011 .
Advertisement
The Nintendo 3DS will succeeded the Nintendo DS series and will have backward compatibility for Nintendo DS and DSi games .
It is important to stress that the Nintendo 3DS is a new hardware series .
Nintendo 3DS
Is A New Hardware Series
Whether it be the DS Lite or the DSi , Nintendo has released a spate of Nintendo DS hardware …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In early January , Nintendo President Satoru Iwata gave an interview with Japan 's second largest newspaper The Asahi Shimbun in which he apparently said the Nintendo DS successor will have " highly detailed graphics , and it will be necessary to have a sensor with the ability to read the movements of people playing " .
Advertisement
Nintendo of America later told Kotaku that the Asahi Shimbun had " misinterpreted " Iwata 's remarks .
" Mr. Iwata did not make any comments regarding the functions of Nintendo 's future hardware systems , " Charlie Scibetta , Nintendo of America 's senior director of corporate communications told Kotaku .
" The answer to the reporter 's question was misinterpreted . "
Advertisement
The Asahi Shimbun stands by its reporting and issued a statement to Kotaku Japan that read : " The article quoted Nintendo President Satoru Iwata 's comment accurately . "
The actual quote in the article is a fragment of a longer sentence .
Advertisement
At a Nintendo quarterly Q&A , the exec addressed the issue with the Asahi Shimbun , asserting that the reporter stated , " The graphics for the next DS will be highly detailed and it will contain a motion sensor , right ? "
Iwata claims he then replied , " Those things are naturally being required .
But do you think it would sell with just that ? "
Iwata emphasized that this last part was left completely out .
Advertisement
It appears that the extra element Nintendo believed was necessary to really sell the DS successor is 3D .
Regarding 3D , Nintendo president Satoru Iwata has previously stated that Nintendo would need to look into the " possible health effects " of playing video games in 3D for prolonged periods of time .
Advertisement
Here is a handy summary of what we know about the Nintendo 3DS ( and what we think we know ) .
Advertisement
Launch of New Portable Game Machine [ Nintendo Japan ]
The GNOME community 's design and usability experts gathered for a week - long hackfest hosted by Canonical in the UK to shape the next major iteration of the GNOME desktop environment .
GNOME 3 , which is tentatively scheduled for release in September , will introduce new user interface paradigms and include an upgraded desktop shell environment .
The participants at the hackfest are aiming to improve the usability of existing applications , enhance the look and feel of the desktop with new theming concepts , and brainstorm ideas for extending the functionality of the new shell .
They are actively publishing mockups , design documentation , usability notes , and other materials that provide insight into their vision for the future of GNOME .
By reading all of this material , I was able to get an understanding of their goals and plans .
A shiny vision
The highly excitable Seth Nickell — an interaction design consultant who previously worked at Red Hat and participated in the OLPC project — has documented some of the concepts that the hackfest participants assembled over the course of the week .
The document , which is written in a style that resembles a perverse mashup of the Dhammapada and Timecube , describes new user interface elements such as the " Task Pooper " that could potentially appear in future versions of GNOME .
A mere summary of the design document really can't do justice to Nickell 's unique prose .
Before I get into the details , I think it would be appropriate to offer a representative sample so that you can get a sense of the flavor :
Focus need n't come at the expense of restrictions on intermixing tools , as long as the toolbox itself can be kept in - hand : ready to subconsciously draw upon , as a coke can unto your lips .
yea verily .
like a craftsman in her own shop ; chisels come and go , but the cabinet stays in - mind .
the flow of the task should never be kicked out of MIND by the act of execution .
The design largely emphasizes task - driven interaction and explores ways that this model can be enabled more effectively on the desktop .
In the design document , there is a reference to research conducted at PARC which found that many people use their e-mail inbox as an ad - hoc to - do list .
Some of the new GNOME design concepts are a response to that pattern .
The GNOME Task Pooper concept , which is intended to bring first - class task management to the desktop , has a content drop - zone that organizes itself temporally .
It will automatically move expired content into an archive so that immediately relevant action items are easily accessible and not obscured by clutter .
Beyond the initial 3.0 release , the document says that the Pooper could eventually be augmented so that users can drag entire windows and workspaces into it for later use .
Behold the majestic Task Pooper
In addition to outlining some new desktop components , the design document also defines some specific interaction features .
For example , it describes a new take on desktop panels .
In many conventional desktop operating systems , there are docks and window management panels that can be configured to hide automatically and reappear when the mouse cursor touches a screen edge .
The GNOME designers contend that reconstituting a panel on mouse - over creates a number of usability problems and leads to incidents where the panel appears when it is not wanted .
Their solution is to use mouse " velocity " to determine when the panel is wanted .
The panel will pop up when you throw the cursor at the screen edge with a little bit of momentum , but it wo n't appear when you merely have your cursor positioned on the edge .
The design document compares it to the kind of cupboard doors that you have to push to click open .
They also have some specific ideas about how to translate this concept to touchpads where it 's possible to take advantage of gestures for more expressive interaction .
Nickell has been huffing the Kool - Aid with fierce conviction and seems fairly enthusiastic about the proposed desktop enhancements .
In a blog post earlier this week , he claimed that the GNOME team 's ideas to improve window management and desktop control " may amount to a bigger improvement in deep interactions with the UI than any desktop OS in the last decade can boast . "
" Today , we had a breakthrough ; the boldest , baddest synthesis for a desktop we have ever hit upon , " he wrote .
" For a desktop redesign with a 6 hr genesis it is relatively concrete , its not handwavy , its not buzzword -y , its not taillight chasing .
It is targeted at a whole mess of real pains ( both little jabs and big aches you barely know are there ) , and it solves them in elegant , gorgeous , functional ways .
I am excited .
I am really , really excited .
This should scare you .
It scares me .
But I hope you 'll bear with us ; and by bear I mean ' help us carry the load ' .
Help us make this real !
Help us refine the bad parts !
Help us eliminate the bad sub-designs !
Help us shoot flames from our eyes and launch dragons from our missile tubes .
Help us break granite with our faces .
Descend with us , little lambs , into the labyrinth of chasomagic . "
Despite his protest that the new design is n't " handwavy , " I had a hard time seeing how all the pieces fit together after reading the initial document .
It will hopefully become clearer in the coming months as the documentation evolves .
Obviously , not all of it will be implemented in time for release in September .
Impressive mockups
Although Nickell 's colorful rants and outside - the - box thinking are especially good article fodder , the hackfest seems to have produced a lot of other good work that is equally worthy of mention .
Hylke Bons of Intel and Jakub Steiner of Novell collaborated on some impressive mockups that demonstrate ideas for a next - generation GNOME visual theme .
It adopts some of the best visual elements of Intel 's Moblin look and feel and openSUSE 's beautiful Sonar theme .
I especially like the angled tabs and the soft rounding on the textboxes .
The amount of padding feels a bit heavy , but that 's typical of GNOME 's traditional aesthetic .
In general , I think that the mockups are aiming in the right direction .
If implemented , it would represent a very tangible improvement to GNOME 's look and feel .
Another nice idea that came out of the hackfest is a plan for a new GNOME configuration tool that will include a collection of advanced options and lesser - used settings — in the spirit of TweakUI or similar tools .
Steiner and Bons produced the following mockup to illustrate the idea :
Conclusion
Máirín Duffy of Red Hat published a series of clear and detailed notes this week that provide insight into a wide range of design issues that were covered during the event .
Her blog is really the best place to start reading if you are interested in getting more details about what transpired during the hackfest .
One of the topics that she wrote about is a plan proposed by Steiner and Bons to adopt Moblin 's outline - style icon theme for certain parts of GNOME , such as the on - screen display and the panels .
She also documented some presentations about usability and accessibility and wrote up a GNOME vision brainstorm which includes some good ideas about collaboration .
It 's still too early to say whether the new desktop design concepts will achieve the success anticipated by Nickell .
Keep in mind that the mockups and design document are still at relatively early stages of the design process and have n't begun to enter the implementation stage yet .
GNOME has always had a strong commitment to incremental development , so it 's likely that the new ideas will get deferred for future versions after the initial 3.0 release .
There is an existing GNOME 3 shell prototype ( which we will be looking at closely in a future article ) that already represents a big change for the desktop environment .
It 's important to understand that the GNOME Shell effort is separate and distinct from the new features that were proposed at the hackfest .
The new features could potentially be added to the Shell or implemented as separate components .
The success of GNOME , and its popularity among commercial Linux distributors , is partly attributable to the project 's predictability .
The GNOME community has traditionally not embraced risk and generally works hard to minimize any kind of disruption .
OEMs and commercial software vendors find that consistency appealing , but the downside is that it creates the risk of stagnation and " decadence . "
The jump to GNOME 3 offers an opportunity for a clean break and a new infusion of innovation .
The designers are clearly taking advantage of this opportunity with the hope of delivering a more beautiful and usable desktop experience .
No computer runs perfectly forever .
Somewhere along the line , something will go wrong .
While each successive version of Windows has been that much more reliable and self - healing , that 's never been an argument to forgo a good collection of software tools .
Over the years I 've accumulated a slew of third - party troubleshooting apps that have proven their value again and again , so much so that they 're among the very first programs installed in any system I use .
If something goes wrong -- a Blue Screen of Death , a slow - booting system , a recent program install that 's made everything slower than molasses going uphill in January -- I turn to these tools to set things right .
All of them are free for personal use , some are open source , and each of them deserves a place in the toolbox of the savvy Windows user .
[ There 's no shortage of great free tools for Windows .
See also " Top 10 Windows tools for IT pros " and " The best free open source software for Windows . " ]
Sysinternals 's Process Explorer
" Task Manager on steroids " -- that 's how someone described Process Explorer to me when Mark Russinovich first released it many years ago .
It can replace Task Manager or run side by side with it , but either way it 's an absolute must - have for technically savvy users .
I typically use it as the replacement for Task Manager on any PC I run ; it 's just too handy not to have installed .
When you launch Process Explorer , you 'll see a tree view of processes ; they 're nominally organized by which process spawned which , but you can click on the column headers to change the sorting as you please .
The top portion of the window has four graphs : CPU usage , commit history , I/ O bytes history , and physical memory history .
Click on one to bring up a full - sized window view that 's akin to the Performance tab in Task Manager -- but with a level of detail and insight into what programs are doing that Task Manager does n't even come close to providing .
Double - click on the name of a process , and up pops a window with a startling amount of detail : the process 's running threads ( and the stack for each thread ) , which can be frozen or killed ; its permissions ; its network access ; the program it was launched from ; even a dump of text strings in either the on - disk program image or its copy in memory .
Processes , or whole trees of them , can be killed off , frozen , resumed , or have their windows or priorities manipulated -- handy if a process window vanishes behind something else and you need to force it to the front .
You can also toggle on or off a lower pane that contains detailed information about a process , find the process for a particular window by pointing to it , or search by name for any running process , handle , or DLL .
PITTSBURGH — A Pennsylvania boy who was 11 when he was accused of killing his father 's pregnant fiancee with a shotgun blast to the back of her head as she lay in bed will be tried as an adult in the death of both the woman and the fetus , a judge ruled Monday .
Jordan Brown , now 12 , is charged with criminal homicide in the death of 26 - year - old Kenzie Marie Houk in their farmhouse in New Galilee , in western Pennsylvania , on Feb. 20 , 2009 .
Houk was 8 - 1/ 2 months pregnant ; the male fetus died from a resulting lack of oxygen .
" This offense was an execution - style killing of a defenseless pregnant young mother .
A more horrific crime is difficult to imagine , " Lawrence County Judge Dominick Motto wrote in his opinion refusing to move the case to juvenile court .
The boy could be convicted of anything from involuntary manslaughter to first - degree murder under Pennsylvania 's homicide law .
Prosecutors have said they will seek a conviction on first - degree murder charges , for which he could face up to life in prison if convicted .
The attorney general 's office , which is prosecuting the case , and Browns ' attorneys did not immediately return calls seeking comment on the ruling .
Prosecutors have suggested the boy was jealous of Houk and her unborn son .
Police had said Brown's hid the weapon under a blanket so Houk 's 7 - year - old daughter would n't see it as he entered her mother 's room .
Later , authorities say , he threw the spent shell casing along a path on his way to a bus and went to school .
A state trooper testified that tests showed the shell was fired from Brown 's youth - model 20 - gauge shotgun .
Brown 's attorneys , Dennis Elisco and David Acker , had argued that the boy was too young to realize the full import of his actions and that he would best be dealt with in juvenile court , where he could receive treatment and incarceration specifically aimed at younger offenders .
Under state law , the attorneys had to convince the judge that he was more " amenable " to rehabilitation in the juvenile system — which would have jurisdiction only until he is 21 — than as an adult .
But the judge said the testimony of defense psychologist Kirk Heilbrun did n't convince him that Brown was best tried as a juvenile .
Heilbrun said that the boy was likely at low risk of offending again — but the judge noted the assessment did not question whether Brown committed the crime .
Motto focused on findings by a prosecution psychiatrist , Dr. John O'Brien , who found that Brown tended to " minimize " his wrongdoing and to " deny " and " shift blame " for his misdeeds .
Brown , specifically , denied killing Houk when examined by both doctors .
As Gandhi never quite said , First they ignore you .
Then they laugh at you .
Then they attack you .
Then you win .
I remember one of the first TV debates I had ...
The new JMG is live right now so you can click right over and create a bookmark for JoeMyGod.com .
But keep the old bookmark for a bit as we 're going to ke ...
It is the morning after and my feed is full of angry posts about who is responsible for this .
I have a suggestion : Back off from third party voters or eli ...
Going abroad has so many benefits .
You get to experience a new culture , new foods , and meet tons of new people , whether they ’re with you on the trip or t...
From the always - popular section Mexicans :
How can anyone not like us ?
comes one of the world ’s smartest name ever , spotted somewhere in Mexico , home of som ...
There are some experiences and images that you never forget , no matter how hard Father Time tries to erase them from your memory .
For me it was seein ...
Disclaimer
Blabbeando does not claim credit for any images featured unless otherwise noted .
Usually we try to give credit when we can .
All visual content is copyright to its respectful owners .
If you own rights to any of the images , or are depicted thereof , and do not wish to appear here , please contact us for prompt removal .
The views expressed on this site are my own .
They do not reflect the views of my employer , or any professional , or legal organization of which I am affiliated .
Websecurify
Amazing security tools on your mobile , desktop , and your server .
Websecurify is a London based cybersecurity startup with a global reach .
With our small but ambitious team , we believe that we can have an impact by giving the right tools to everyone with either professional or personal interest in the field .
Cornerback Nathan Vasher has signed a two - year deal to join the San Diego Chargers ' secondary , the team announced Monday .
Vasher , who has played his entire six - year career with the Chicago Bears , will sign for $ 4.5 million over two seasons , a league source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter .
" In Nathan Vasher , we 're adding a proven NFL player with experience in the league , " said general manager A.J. Smith .
" Having played in Chicago under Chargers defensive coordinator Ron Rivera [ 2004 - 06 ] and secondary coach Steve Wilks [ 2006 - 08 ] is an added bonus . "
Vasher played in 15 games last season for the Bears , with one interception .
He has 19 career picks in 73 career games .
He made the NFC Pro Bowl team in 2005 , when he had eight interceptions .
Vasher , 28 , played collegiately at Texas , where he was a teammate of Quentin Jammer , who also plays cornerback for the Chargers .
Information from ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter is included in this report .
Not deliberately fixed , but a study showed about 1.4 % of bids in an auction are generated by the seller ( or an accomplice ) and that eBay benefits from this rule - breaking :
We introduce a bidding strategy which allows the seller to extract the full surplus of the high bidder in eBay auctions .
We call this a “ Discover - and - Stop ” bidding strategy and estimate that 1.39 percent of all bids in eBay auctions are placed by sellers ( or accomplices ) who execute this strategy .
We argue that this kind of shill bidding is unnecessarily effective due to eBay ’s proxy system and the predictability of other bidders ’ bids .
We also model eBay auctions with shill bidding and find that , in equilibrium , eBay ’s profits are higher with shilling than without it .
Finally , to determine whether bidders have an incentive to bid on their own items , we mimic the bidding behavior of shill bidders in actual eBay auctions and find some evidence of the strategy ’s success .
Source : “ eBay ’s proxy bidding : A license to shill ” from Journal of Economic Behavior & Organization
I have n't seen any article yet , though , that describes in detail how the high stakes game of tender offers is played , and how the usual process maps ( and does n't ) to a high tech company like Novell .
So I thought I 'd provide an overview for those that have n't had occasion to follow a tender offer in the past , and also my thoughts on what may happen over the next several months in this particular game of cat and mouse .
By now you 've probably read endless takes on the news that Elliott Associates , one of the oldest hedge funds , with over US $ 16 billion under management , has made an unsolicited offer for Novell .
Almost all of these articles have focused on whether Elliott means business , what they 'll do to Novell if they are successful , and whether another ( and perhaps ultimately successful ) bidder will enter the scene .
The tender offer game : First up , let 's talk about how the standard drama plays out .
It starts with the acquiror trying to pick up as much stock as possible on the sly before it comes out of the closet .
That 's because once word gets out that the company ( referred to as the “ target ” ) is " in play , " the stock will go up .
So the acquiror wants to build as big as stake as possible at the cheapest price it can .
But the securities regulators have long realized that this presents two problems : first , the sellers will feel cheated if they later find out they sold at a steep discount to what others get a short while later , and second , the acquiror will vote all the shares it picks up in favor of the acquisition .
So the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) requires any company that acquires more than 5 % of the stock in a public company to make a public filing disclosing that ownership and its intentions .
That filing is made on form 14D , and it must be regularly updated as the acquiror 's ownership percentage changes , and as its intentions change .
When an acquiror files a 14D , it could affirmatively state that it has no intentions of making a tender offer .
Depending on the acquiror , that statement might be credible , or it might be viewed with suspicion .
But if it affirmatively states that it intends to make a tender offer , or is keeping its options open , then the word spreads - fast .
As you might imagine , stock speculators follow 14D filings like a hawk , because if they buy immediately when one is filed , they can benefit from the fast run up in the stock price of the target that is likely to follow if the potential acquiror has credibility ( e.g. , the ability to follow through on an acquisition ) .
So the early movers can either enjoy a quick flip profit , or hold on and see whether the sale goes through .
In this case , Elliott Associates resolved any doubt by informing the Novell board of directors on March 2 that it wishes to buy all of Novell 's stock .
You can read that letter here .
And , since the offer had credibility , the stock shot up .
In fact , it shot up to a price higher than the Elliott offer , indicating that the market assumes that Elliott will either up its offer , or that another bidder will jump in .
That brings us up to where we are now .
So what happens next ?
Next moves :
There are two things to watch for at this point : the first is whether Novell 's board decides to enter into negotiations with Elliott , or to rebuff the offer ( you saw Microsoft and Yahoo go through this dance not so long ago ) .
And the second is whether other bidders enter the scene .
Such a bidder could be solicited by Novell 's management and board ( a " White Knight " ) , because they do n't like the looks of the Elliott bid and what may come afterwards , or there could be further unsolicited bids .
Why would the Board want to find a White Knight ?
Because , Elliott , since it is a purely " financial " purchaser , only really cares about the ultimate profit it can make .
So unlike an offer from another technology company , Elliott actually has two ways to win : by successfully acquiring Novell at a price it thinks makes sense , or by driving the price up , through bidding , with one or more other potential acquirors that enter the scene .
In a sense , Elliott 's biggest risk is therefore winning , and paying too much , rather than " losing , " and making a nice profit for its time .
In this sense , Elliott is in a far better position than Novell 's board and management , or of a technology company that may make a bid , so long as Elliott retains self - discipline and walks when the bidding exceeds the internal calculation that it has already certainly made that reflects a prudent purchase .
But these other chess players do have their own advantages .
First up , no one at Novell is going to want to be acquired by Elliott .
Why ?
Because Elliott will almost certainly want to break Novell up and sell the pieces .
Indeed , while it has offered $ 2 billion for Novell , it has already acquired over 8 % of Novell at a significant discount off that per -share bid number .
And Novell has almost $ 1 billion in cash .
So the rewards of a quick hit , followed by a quick breakup , make far more sense than trying to turn around the business of a company that has been struggling to reinvent itself for over 15 years .
What that means is that one would imagine that Novell 's talent will be heading for the exits in droves if the Elliott bid looks like it might succeed .
Even if Elliott convinces the target that it plans to run the Company in the long term , the prospect of being managed by a fund with a reputation as a " Vulture Capitalist " better known for buying distressed third world debt is hardly likely to inspire loyalty .
This , of course , will lower the sale value of the business units that Elliott would be hoping to sell , and damage any remaining units that it might choose to continue to run for any period of time .
Indeed , for this reason unsolicited tender offers for technology companies , even by other technology companies , were almost unknown until IBM made a hostile tender for Lotus in 1995 .
IBM made a major effort to make that combination work , and largely succeeded .
But hostile offers remain rare in technology for this reason .
What this means is that a technology company that Novell 's management liked , and that Novell 's employees would see as a shelter in a storm , could afford to pay more than Elliott , because another technology company would be likely to be able to count on preserving greater value that could Elliott , assuming that the acquisition otherwise makes sense , and if the successful acquiror does a good job with integration .
The fact that the IT job market remains soft means that raiding by other companies , while still a threat , will be less so than would be the case in better times .
Elliott 's strategy :
So how does Elliott play its hand now ?
First , it will try and compel the Novell board , and particularly the independent members of that board , to play ball - and they have some powerful tools at their disposal in this regard .
The most powerful is the possibility of personal liability for the Board , and financial liability for the Company , if Novell rejects a bid and the shareholders sue .
Elliott 's strategy , therefore , will include putting as much pressure on the Board as possible to accept its bid , or reject it at their peril .
In response , not only will Novell seek the advice of its traditional legal counsel , but will likely hire one or more special advisors ( e.g. , investment banks ) to advise it in how to respond .
And the independent directors will seek their own independent legal counsel , and investment advisor , to advise them .
Ultimately , before accepting any offer , Novell will pay an investment bank to deliver a " fairness opinion , " which is a third party valuation of the Company that must come in at least as high as the bid that the Board accepts in order to protect the Board in recommending the sale .
All of this advice is intended to document that the Board has in fact acted in the best interests of the stockholders , and not , for example , to support management in saving their jobs .
All of this can get rather nasty .
Some years back , I represented a client in a hostile tender where management was trying to steal a thinly traded company private at a ridiculously low price .
Our letters to the board were intended to make abundantly clear to the independent board members that they could ignore our offer only at their peril .
That felt a bit callous , given that several of the independent board directors were out of their depth ( one was a charming , elderly professor - the originator of the " dirty snowball " theory of comet composition , who rode his bike to class every day ) .
But it was the right thing to do , given that the final sale to management was at a price more than three times as high as the management bid that the Board had originally approved .
The Board 's strategy : Novell 's board is now in the unenviable position of deciding whether to accept Elliott 's offer , solicit other offers , or try to justify a position that the Company is not for sale at all .
There is little question that it will not accept Elliott 's opening bid , because that would be to fail to explore the possibility of a higher offer .
Instead , it will seek the advice of the advisors noted above , and decide whether to rebuff the Elliott bid , enter into negotiations with Elliott to try for a higher offer , or solicit bids from other potentially interested parties .
The only way to justify rebuffing the Elliott offer would be to demonstrate a business plan that seems reasonably likely to result in greater value accruing to shareholders within a reasonable time frame than would an immediate sale at the offered price .
Given Novell 's performance over the past ten years and the fact that its Suse Linux business seems to be starting to level off , this would become increasingly difficult as the bid price increases .
The situation can change rapidly for the Board , however , since almost all cards are in the hands of others .
Additional financial purchasers could bid in , or technology companies .
And once the Company is in play , it becomes more and more difficult for the Board not to eventually accept an offer from some bidder , assuming that the price is compelling .
What I would expect to happen , and particularly if another bidder enters the scene , would be for the Board to seek a White Knight , and seek to negotiate not only the highest price for the shareholders , but a partner that would be most likely to keep the Company intact .
Other bidders :
So who might that White Knight be ?
Most obviously , the crucial asset at stake is Suse Linux , Novell 's open source operating system distribution .
Suse Linux is the major commercial distribution in the marketplace in addition to Red Hat , and there are many companies ( e.g. , IBM , HP , Hitachi , and so on ) that have placed very major strategic stakes on the health of the commercial Linux marketplace .
Although there are many other excellent Linux distributions , none of them is supported by a company with the size , service resources , and comfortable feel of a long term corporate vendor like Novell .
Why does that matter , so long as Red Hat is there ?
Because no one likes to be dependent on a single source .
If anything were to happen to Red Hat ( mismanagement , another hostile takeover , a change in strategic direction ) , then customers might be left in the lurch if Novell no longer represented a viable alternative .
The result is that if Elliott acquires Novell , then large enterprise customers ( major corporations , government agencies , universities and the like ) may waiver in their acceptance of Linux - based systems , undercutting the business of major vendors that offer those systems , and services related to them .
For this reason , there are special incentives for a variety of companies to either acquire Novell themselves , or to throw them some sort of lifeline ( perhaps in the form of a strategic relationship ) that would provide a basis for the Board to rebuff the Elliott bid .
Curiously enough , one of the companies that may have the most to lose if Elliott acquires Novell is Microsoft .
Microsoft is no friend of open source in general , and of Linux , the OSS poster child , in particular , to be sure .
But Microsoft continues to be dragged by its customers down the road of tolerating , if not ( yet ) embracing , OSS .
Given that its customers have already opted in to heterogeneous operating system environments , Microsoft has had no choice but to work with those customers to make those environments work well - or lose those customers entirely .
The result was the announcement a few years back of a marketing partnership between Microsoft and Novell , which has worked well for both of them .
Microsoft has invested heavily in this relationship in multiple ways - externally , in its marketing budget , internally through joint training of its sales force in collaboration with Novell , and almost as significantly by fighting the internal battle needed to convince proprietary stalwarts to traffic with open source at all .
Given that a loss of a viable Novell Linux distribution would at most impede , rather than reverse , the march of Linux , Microsoft thus has much more to lose than to gain if Novell 's distribution were to rapidly lose market share .
In such an event , Microsoft would need to form a new strategic relationship with another distribution , which would be .. what ?
Although one could speculate about Canonical as a possibility , its distribution has nowhere near the market penetration or supporting infrastructure of Novell’s .
End game :
What Elliott hopes is that the Board will ultimately accept its offer , and that Elliott and the Board will collaborate on proxy materials that will be delivered to the Novell shareholders recommending that they agree to the sale .
If another bidder secures the support of the Board , or if the Board rejects all offers , then there is the prospect of a public tender by Elliott without the cooperation of management , with full page newspaper ads presenting each sides arguments against the other , and the shareholders ultimately deciding whether to be sold or not .
There is also the possibility that Elliott is not successful in acquiring Novell , and that no other bidder makes the acquisition .
In that case , Elliott will be stuck with a mountain of Novell shares and no way to easily sell them into the market without taking a loss .
In that event , Elliott may mount a proxy contest to replace the Novell board , so that it could force a sale of assets and distribution of profits to the shareholders , or a sale of the entire Company .
But that ’s a subject for another blog entry .
Wrapping up :
The net result is that what happens next will be fascinating to watch .
I expect that there will be a great deal of activity behind the scenes as well as in plain view .
Want an example of a behind the scenes possibility ?
An IBM , an Oracle or an SAP would n't have to buy Novell outright to remove Novell 's Linux distro from the risk category - they could simply approach Elliot even before the sale , and arrange to buy it simultaneous with the close of the purchase of the Novell shares by Elliott .
Between the near - $ 1 billion in Novell 's account and the proceeds of such a sale , Elliott would be buying the rest of Novell for pennies on the dollar .
Where things will end is difficult to predict , but what happens over the next several months will provide an interesting benchmark for what Linux means to the world of commerce today , as well as telling insight into who cares about Linux the most .
Have you discovered the Alexandria Project ?
Greece asks US to help crackdown on speculators
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Greek prime minister has called on the US to help crack down on the financial speculators he blames for exacerbating his country 's debt woes .
George Papandreou said he wanted to see the US impose stricter regulations on hedge funds and currency traders .
The comments of the Greek prime minister came before he is due to meet US President Obama later on Tuesday .
Greece is continuing to pass austerity measures as it seeks to reduce its substantial budget deficit .
Its deficit currently stands at 12.7 % , more than four times higher than the 3 % limit set for the 16 European nations that share the euro .
' Utter disregard ' " Unprincipled speculators are making billions every day by betting on a Greek default , " said Mr Papandreou , who met US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Washington on Monday .
" That is why Europe and America must say ' enough is enough ' to those speculators who only place value on immediate returns , with utter disregard for the consequences on the larger economic system - not to mention the human consequences of lost jobs , foreclosed homes , and decimated pensions , " he added .
Ms Clinton said the US wanted to work with other nations to reform the " unregulated financial market that globally moves money at the speed of sound , if not light , and leaves in its wake all kinds of consequences that governments have to contend with " .
' Winning trust '
Separately , German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday that it could be up to the European Commission to decide if Europe should have tougher rules on financial speculators .
Speaking in Luxembourg , she also reiterated her view that Greece did not need direct financial support .
" Greece has won some trust back through the steps taken by its government , " she said .
Greece is seeking assistance from fellow European Union nations to make it cheaper for it to borrow funds on the international financial markets .
Concerns about its giant debts currently make it more expensive for Greece to borrow money compared to most other European nations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Facial recognition phone application described as a ' stalker 's dream '
A prototype camera phone application that enables the user to find names and numbers of complete strangers has been labelled a ' stalker 's dream ' .
The application , called Recognizr , has been developed to find personal information through facial recognition software .
The user simply has to take a picture of a person and hit the ' Recognize ' button .
[ caption ]
The photo is then compared to shots on social networking sites including Facebook and Twitter before personal information , which can include phone numbers , addresses and email addresses , is sent to the user .
The software developer , Swedish company The Astonishing Tribe , is currently testing the software , which works on phones with a camera of five or more megapixel resolution .
Security experts have blasted the new software for enabling burglars to find out where targets live .
Simon Davies from Privacy International said : ' It takes the dangers that already exist and increases them infinitely . '
There are also fears the application could lead to an increase in people being stalked by those who have obtained their personal information .
Dr Ian Brown from the Oxford Internet Institute said : ' A guy could take a picture of a girl in a bar and find out all sorts of information . '
Tom Gaffney , from security software firm F - Secure , added : ' This application looks like it could be a stalker 's dream . '
If you 're having trouble deciding whether to buy an Apple iPad or not , use this handy flowchart to make the decision for you .
Or use the printable pdf version of the chart .
If you prefer another format , you can always use a PDF converter to format the chart into Excel or Word .
After all , if you are considering an IPad , you should have a converter since not all documents types are available on every Apple product .
Should I Stop Playing this Game ?
Flowchart
RIAA Lawsuit Decision Matrix
Advertisements
Sen .
Lindsey Graham was on NBC’s Meet The Press today where he maintained his conservative stance on health care , but he took a moment to criticize the right wing rhetoric on Obama and racism of the Tea Party .
Graham said , “ When you use the N word and when you question somebody ’s patriotism , you ’re off base .
President Obama is a fine man .
He ’s a good father .
He ’s a good role model . ”
Here is the video from NBC :
Advertisements
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Sen .
Graham made it clear that he is a conservative and opposed to health care reform , but he sees no place for the personal attacks being carried out by the Tea Party and the right .
Graham said , “ Well , in my view , I think attacking this bill in terms of expanding government beyond anybody ’s imagination , where 80 percent of the country at the end of the day will be covered by a healthcare bill that is not paid for , that can never be paid for , is a legitimate debate .
But when you use the N word and when you question somebody ’s patriotism , you ’re off base . ”
He took it one step further and defended the president ’s character , “ President Obama is a fine man .
He ’s a good father .
He ’s a good role model .
He ’s an American liberal .
The reason I do n’t say he ’s a socialist , because most people associate that with being un-American .
He is an American just as much as anybody else .
The idea that he ’s very liberal I think is pretty clear to the American people .
He ran as a centrist , he ’s governing from the left ditch , that ’s his big problem .
And we do n’t need to call each other names . ”
I think Sen. Graham ’s position is fair .
It is fine for someone to disagree with a policy , without have to resort to racial slurs , and the questioning of patriotism .
We can debate endless what I personally feel is Graham ’s inaccurate belief that Obama is a liberal , but Graham is basing his criticism on policy , not smearing the president ’s character .
Sen .
Graham has his problems with the right wing and the Tea Party because he supports the climate change bill , and he is working with fellow Meet The Press guest Sen.
Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) on a bi-partisan immigration reform bill .
Graham has been recently critical of Obama , because he does n’t think that the president has shown a deep enough commitment to immigration reform , but his willingness to work together on these two issues has earned him the wrath of Glenn Beck and the Tea Party .
The easy thing politically for him to do would be to agree with the right wing that Obama is a socialist , and a totalitarian fascist , as most of his fellow Republicans already have .
He did n’t have to go to the degree that he did to defend Obama as a person .
Many people may remember Graham as being on John McCain ’s right hand men during the 2008 campaign , but unlike McCain who has completely sold his soul to keep his seat , Graham is at least willing to separate the person from the politics , which is a sorely missed attitude in our country today .
Cruyff is set to take on the same role Alfredo Di Stefano fills at Real Madrid ...
Become a fan of Goal.com India on Facebook !
Just click onto Facebook.com / GoalIndia to join the beautiful game 's leading fan community ..
As broken by Radio Marca just moments ago , Barcelona legend and former coach Johan Cruyff has been named by the club 's board of directors as Barcelona 's Honorary President , a title that ties the Dutchman to the club for life .
During his playing career , Cruyff won the Ballon d'Or three times and is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time ( typically dubbed as one of the four football ' legends ' along with Diego Maradona , Alfredo di Stefano and Pele ) .
Since first signing for Barcelona in 1973 from Ajax , the Dutchman has been very active with the club and in Catalunya , coaching Barca for eight years , regularly writing in Catalunyan newspapers , voicing his opinions on Catalunyan politics , currently coaching the Catalunyan national team , and calling Barcelona his home .
He even named his son Jordi , a traditional Catalunyan name .
Cruyff is set to take on the same role Alfredo Di Stefano fills at Real Madrid .
The Honorary Presidency is a role typically held for life .
A lot of people have watched this and said it was offensive … but I disagree , I think it ’s just very scary to have death in your face .
It should be .. and seeing things like this scare people … as they should !
Establishment Democrats , meaning party insiders , did n’t like Halter anyway , certainly do n’t like him now and will rally the apparatus , to the extent it exists with effectiveness , to push him back .
Right away we need to see if Halter , whose impetus into this race is from the unlikely left , favors card check , cap - and - trade and the health care reform bill as advanced by Harry Reid and modified last week by the White House .
Those are three good opening questions for him when he files tomorrow .
The state ’s business establishment , meaning the chambers of commerce , the Farm Bureau , the utilities , will be scared to death of Halter .
Meantime , there ’s been an interesting dynamic lately as I ’ve been around the state talking to this group and that .
It ’s that I deliver some remarks about the anti-Obama fervor in the state and how Lincoln is caught up in it , and then the first question I get is from some liberal mad at Lincoln from the other direction over health care or estate taxes .
Politics is largely about passion , and I see none for Lincoln and the potential for some for Halter .
Blue America has been busy all year letting Arkansas voters know that Blanche Lincoln may have a " D " next to her name but when it comes to the key issues that impact ordinary working families and pits their interests against Big Business and Wall Street , she was , in effect , a dependable Republican shill .
Politics for her has become cultivating K Street and then fast - talking the Democratic base back home .
We helped make that more and more difficult for her .
And now , with her approval ratings the lowest of any member of the Senate and with a virtual certainty of defeat at the hands of Republican , she has a real primary on her hands .
This morning Lt. Governor Bill Halter declared the would enter the May 18th primary against her .
( Next week is the deadline for filing . )
I spoke with Halter a few months ago and he said he had no intention of running .
I feel certain he did n't .
But as Lincoln 's approval in the state collapsed , he has come to realize that he is the only chance the Democrats have to hold onto the seat .
He will run a populist campaign against Big Business and for ordinary working families .
He should be able to defeat Lincoln among a Democratic electorate that now sees right through her , although the corrupt and reactionary party establishment in Little Rock will stick with the Blanche Lincoln suicide train .
Blue America just added Bill to our Send The Democrats A Message ActBlue page , in case you 'd like to help him get his campaign message out .
Blanche has raised over $ 7 million so far and has over $ 5 million on hand much of it from the sleaziest special interests in Washington ( and Arkansas ) .
Labels : Arkansas , Blanche Lincoln , Halter , Senate 2010
Tea Party favorite Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R , Minn. ) has urged opponents of ObamaCare to stop paying taxes if the House passes the health care reform bill using " deem and pass , " a controversial procedural shortcut .
" They want us to pay for this ?
We do n't have to , " she said over the weekend .
" We do n't have to follow a bill that is n't law . "
Is Bachmann 's advice crazy ?
SOMEWHAT CRAZY
Bachmann 's a repeat criminal offender :
This is n't the first time " Mama Che " Bachmann 's tried to " incite Americans to revolution , " armed or otherwise , says Rick Ungar in True / Slant .
If she wants to flout the soon - to - be - passed health care law , and her oath to uphold it , fine .
But taxpayers should n't foot her salary , and generous health benefits , while she becomes " an enemy of the U.S. government . "
What else fits her " civil disobedience " criteria ?
It is " dangerous " for Bachmann to call on Americans to " break the law , " just because she does n't like how a bill was passed , says Tom L. Williams in Liberaland .
It opens the door for us to similarly protest other " illegitimate " bills rammed through Congress this way — like Bush 's tax cuts .
I want Bachmann to follow through : Bachmann 's " freakout " is great news for liberals , says Jonathan Chait at The New Republic .
It means she and her team realize they did n't , in fact , kill the bill .
In fact , " it 's going to be fun " watching her " civil disobedience campaign " take shape .
NOT AT ALL CRAZY
Bachmann 's just stating the obvious :
The " left wing " wants this to be about Bachmann breaking the law , says the pseudonymous blogger Left Coast Rebel , but she 's " just acknowledging the elephant in the room " :
If the Dems use this legislative trick to pass ObamaCare , Americans are " obligated to civilly disobey [ the resulting ] coercive , tyrannical , and unconstitutional health care law . "
She 's not crazy , she 's a new hero : Bachmann acknowledges we'd have to follow the law if it were passed " legitimately , " says Eric Dondero at Libertarian Republican .
So her no -taxes call is n't civil disobedience , it 's part of her duty to uphold the Constitution — and it's stands like that quickly making her into " a hero to the libertarian movement . "
Obama 's the crazy one : Bachmann is n't bluffing about ignoring this " non-law , " says Dan Riehl at Riehl World View , and " a great number of American citizens are n't bluffing , either . "
If Democrats follow through and use " deem and pass , " they will " provoke a Constitutional crisis that could make Watergate look ... like a misdemeanor . "
.....................................
SEE MORE OPINION BRIEFS ON THIS TOPIC :
• The Tea Party convention disaster
Why did Ann Clwyd get such an easy ride during her appearance at the Chilcot inquiry this week , from both m'luds and the media ?
Clwyd is at least as complicit as her former boss Tony Blair in the dissemination of tall tales designed to justify the attack on Iraq .
Clwyd is Labour MP for Cynon Valley and head of Indict , a group that campaigned for many years for the arrest and punishment of Saddam Hussein and his cronies under international law .
On the eve of the Iraq War – 18 March 2003 to be precise – Clwyd wrote an article for the Times in which she claimed that Saddam had a people - shredding machine .
Apparently the Ba'athists would dump their opponents into a machine " designed for shredding plastic " , and later put their minced remains into " plastic bags " so they could eventually be used as " fish food " .
It gets worse : apparently these unfortunate men were put into the shredder feet first so that they could briefly behold their own mutilation before death .
Not surprisingly , Clwyd 's shocking claims spread around the world like a virus .
The then prime minister of Australia , John Howard , talked of Saddam 's " human - shredding machine " in a speech justifying his decision to send troops to Iraq .
Paul Wolfowitz , the Bush administration 's hawkish deputy defence secretary , expressed his admiration for Clwyd 's article and a link to it was posted on the US state department 's website .
Numerous pro-war journalists repeated Clwyd 's claims .
There was only one problem : there was no strong evidence , and there still is n't , that Saddam had anything like a people - shredding machine .
When I investigated this story for the Spectator and the Guardian in early 2004 , I found no convincing evidence that such a medieval - sounding contraption ever existed .
It seems Clwyd based her story on the uncorroborated claims of one individual from northern Iraq .
Neither Amnesty International nor Human Rights
Watch , in their numerous investigations into human rights abuses in Iraq , had ever heard anyone talk of a human - shredding machine .
Worst of all for Clwyd , I interviewed one of the Iraqi doctors whose grisly job was to examine the bodies of executed prisoners at Abu Ghraib , where the shredder was allegedly based , and he said no prisoner was ever killed by being shredded .
And for the record , he really hated the Ba'athist regime .
It 's worth remembering the role that Clwyd 's claims played back in mid-March 2003 .
There was widespread opposition to the war , as evidenced by the million - strong march in Hyde Park in February 2003 .
People were already asking questions about the " dodgy dossier " and Blair 's claims about WMD .
The story of the shredder seemed designed to jolt us all out of our stupidity and convince us to back the government 's war against evil .
As the headline on Clwyd 's article in the Times put it : " See men shredded , then say you do n't back war . "
The shredder story was used in a last - ditch effort to change people 's minds .
As Trevor Kavanagh at the Sun rather wishfully argued : " British resistance to war changed when we learned how sadist Saddam … fed dissidents feet first into industrial shredders . "
If Blair 's dodgy dossier was cynically used to drum up support in the run-up to the invasion , then Clwyd 's shredder story was cynically used to batter the last bit of war - scepticism out of the British public .
And yet Clwyd has not been subjected to anything like the same level of media criticism as Blair has been .
This points to a problem with the way we remember the Iraq war .
In the mythical version of events that is being promoted by the media off the back of the Chilcot inquiry , Blair , and his evil sidekick Alastair Campbell , single - handedly duped the cabinet , parliament , the media and some of the public into supporting the war .
The truth is that it was n't only Blair who was spreading tall tales , and much of the media was n't nearly as critical as it should have been of the Bush / Blair drive to war .
Clwyd 's appearance at the Chilcot inquiry was an opportunity to remind ourselves that Blair was not a superhuman warper of rational - mindedness and that the Iraq - related hysteria spread far beyond his coterie of advisers .
Unfortunately , we 've wasted this opportunity .
Science , most people would agree , has been quite a success .
It has improved life expectancy , given us the wonder of the internet and the tools to feed vast numbers of people .
It has taught us the history of the universe and shown us the wonderful secrets of life .
It has even been able to put your entire CD collection neatly in your pocket .
So why do n't we value it in this country ?
We have taken this shining example of the best that human beings can do , and put it in the care of people who do n't really do n't care about it .
I 'm talking about our MPs .
Many of them do n't seem to get just how important science is .
They allowed the government to bail out the financial sector to the tune of billions but barely raised a murmur when the government declared that science can't expect to be properly funded in this financial climate .
When the industries built on physics inject as much money into Britain 's GDP as the financial services sector , that 's not rational .
But that 's the point .
MPs do n't have to be rational .
It 's not a standard we 've ever held them to .
Which is why we now have 70 of them trying to suppress a science - based recommendation that the NHS stop funding homeopathy .
Their ringleader is David Tredinnick , MP for Bosworth .
When the science and technology select committee recommended that taxpayers not foot the bill for what seems to be a placebo , he tabled an early day motion suggesting the committee 's analysis was flawed .
No surprises there .
Tredinnick is a believer in the power of the stars to direct our fate and heal our bodies .
He claimed more than £ 700 of taxpayers ' money – repaid earlier this year – for astrology computer software and training .
Today in the Leicester Mercury he asks why , when healthcare systems in India and China have linked medicine and astronomy for centuries , we do n't think about doing the same .
" Are we really just dismissing their views ? " he asks .
Well , yes , we are .
We 've done the analysis and are reasonably sure that balls of burning gas millions of miles away in outer space wo n't directly affect our health .
The worldview that links the position of the stars with your wellbeing has no trouble with homeopathy , of course .
The real surprise is that , so far , 69 other MPs have signed Tredinnick 's motion .
No wonder that , despite all its successes , science struggles to get the funding it needs .
A significant number of MPs display no respect for science whatsoever .
Part of the problem is that scientists are such a pushover .
Their obsessive interest in finding out how everything in the world works means they 're not like bankers .
You can treat them like dirt and they 'll still turn up to work in the morning .
They wo n't necessarily like it , but they will accept low - paid jobs that have absolutely no security .
Just ask any post - doctoral researcher working in a university .
In many ways , working in science is its own reward , but it 's time we stopped taking scientists for granted .
Maybe , for the sake of all our futures , we need to start protecting them .
The first step in that direction would be to populate the House of Commons with people who understand what science is , what it can give and what it needs to function well and deliver even more prosperity .
We need more MPs who will make it a priority to attend meetings about scientific issues , protect science funding , respect the conclusions of scientific advisers , turn up for votes on climate change motions , that kind of thing .
Which is why I 'm willing to start things off by standing against David Tredinnick in the general election .
It 's the Battle of Bosworth II : The rise of the nerds .
Michael Brooks is a consultant to New Scientist magazine and the author of 13 Things That Don't Make Sense : The Most Intriguing Scientific Mysteries of our Times ( Profile )
When I was a kid I had a huge comic book collection .
I do n't collect comics any more , but I 'm going to hit the stores looking for Captain America issue # 602 :
Since 1941 , Captain America has been one of the most popular comic book characters around .
The fictional super - patriot fought Nazis during World War II , took on those who burned the American flag during the Vietnam era , and raked in hundreds of millions of dollars for Marvel Comics along the way .
Now , the appearance that he is taking on the Tea Party Movement in a storyline about investigating white supremacists has forced Marvel to apologize for the comic hero .
Issue 602 of the comic features Captain America investigating a right - wing anti-government militia group called " the Watchdogs " .
Hoping to infiltrate the group , Captain America and his African - American sidekick The Falcon observe an anti-tax protest from a rooftop .
The protestors depicted are all white and carry signs adorned with slogans almost identical to those seen today in Tea Party rallies like " tea bag libs before they tea bag you " and " stop the socialists . "
The Falcon mentions that the gathering appears to be " some kind of anti-tax protest " and notes that " this whole ' hate the government ' vibe is n't limited to the Watchdogs . "
He then tells Captain America that he does n't think their plan will work because " I do n't exactly see a black man from Harlem fitting in with a bunch of angry white folks . "
Captain America then explains that his plan entails sending The Falcon in among the group posing as an IRS agent under the thinking that a black government official will most certainly spark their anger .
Read on ...
The article goes on to say that the teabaggers were outraged by the depiction , and Marvel has since apologized saying they did not intentionally target the group .
I 'm not sure why they apologized , as Captain America has always fought against the enemies of the United States .
501 users online in the past 15 minutes
Topics with the most posts in the last 24 hours
No hot topics to display .
Developer Freeverse has revealed that an interactive rendition of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies–Seth Grahame - Smith ’s undead mash - up of the the Jane Austen novel–is due on iPhone and iPod touch this April .
The dev describes the game as “ a rollicking action title with the perfect blend of zombie slaying action and touching romance narrative . ”
No price point or exact release date has been mentioned as of yet .
The book , released in April 2009 , “ transforms a masterpiece of world literature into something you ’d actually want to read , ” according to the book itself .
The work has been so successful , an entire line of such rewrites ( Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters , Android Karenina ) along with the possibility of a theatrical feature film are all either confirmed or rumored to be in the works .
Going to the loo without a book !
It is a profound shock .
Instead of reading , I stare at the walls and notice that there are still two empty nails on which I meant – a year ago – to hang pictures .
Also , I notice the dust on the floor and the cobwebs on the ceiling .
I sense that I will be doing a lot more housework than usual this week .
Going to bed is bizarre .
If there is one time of day I always , always read , it is in bed before I go to sleep .
On the first night of my week without books , I download Being Human on the iPlayer and give my nail polish some quality attention .
But when the programme finishes and I try to shut my eyes , my head is buzzing .
My eyes keep bouncing open again .
Boing .
Boing .
Boing .
I decided to try giving up books for a week because I have come to the point where I wonder if they are holding me back .
On the whole , the world seems to think that books are always a good thing , that you can never get too much of them .
People admit to being bookworms in the same way they admit to being " just too tidy really " , or " a bit of a workaholic " .
But if you are a compulsive reader like me , who reads walking down the road , and while she 's making her children 's dinner , and on the loo and in the bath and in bed and on the bus , and at every other possible second of the day , and if what you 're reading is mostly . . . well . . . pulp , then sometimes you end up feeling as if books are eating you up instead of the other way round .
Sure , there 's a smattering of literature and high art - type stuff in there , but mostly it is whatever I have fished off the shelf at my nearest Oxfam that morning – detective stories , romances , horror , sci fi . . . any kind of fiction that I can gulp down in large enough , quick enough bites .
I am usually reading three , sometimes four books , with a pile of books waiting in case I run out .
I never leave the house without my book , and if I 'm taking a train I 'll usually have a back - up book in case I finish the first one .
I 'd rather read than do housework or laundry , and sometimes I 'd rather read than talk to friends or husband or family .
I 've been known to boot my children off out into the garden or switch on the TV – " or anything , just sod off for 10 minutes ! " – so that I can finally be alone with my book ; worse still , I regularly succumb to the siren call of the current novel when I am supposed to be working .
This problem , you would think , could be simply dealt with by giving up reading books .
So out of pure curiosity I do .
And by Tuesday , after the first day of feeling very odd indeed , I begin to think that I 'm getting the hang of this .
Instead of reading , I make notes for work , or read the papers , or tidy the kitchen .
During a train journey up to London in the afternoon , I open up my laptop instead of snuggling into my chair with my book .
I feel quite purposeful , actually , as if I am concentrating properly on my life , instead of wishing it away so that I can get to my book .
On Wednesday , I get myself some breakfast after doing the school run .
Instead of eating hunched pleasurably over a book , I look out of the window and chew every mouthful thoroughly , aware of every single oat and nut and dried bit of apple as it goes down .
When the children get home with some friends , I end up doing some colouring - in instead of skulking in the kitchen making their dinner with a book in my hand .
The part of me that has always sneakily wondered if life might not be simpler and more straightforward without these excursions into fictional worlds is going , " You see ?
You see ? " .
But the rest of me is missing books like a drug , to the extent that I start to wonder if it actually is some kind of drug .
The odd thing is that when I try to find out more about it , about whether reading fiction produces some kind of hormone in your mind , no one seems to know .
Robert Darnton , director of the Harvard Library and a specialist in the history of the book , tells me : " Reading is mysterious , and we do n't really understand how it is that we make sense of these signs that are embedded in paper or on computer screens .
There have been attempts by cognitive scientists to measure the chemical exchanges in the brain , but as far as I can tell no scientist has really fully explained it .
They 're working on it . "
So we do n't know exactly what is happening , how the piles of pages or markings on the screen are transformed into other worlds inside our minds .
But we do know that our brain experiences what the characters we are reading about experience .
In a book coming out next year about the psychology of fiction , Professor Keith Oatley describes a piece of research where scientists got people to read while they were in a brain scanner .
" When readers were engaged in a story , the researchers found that , at the points in which the story said a protagonist undertook an action , the part of the brain which was activated was the part which the reader himself or herself would use to undertake the action .
So , when the story - protagonist pulled a light cord , a region in the frontal lobes of the reader 's brain associated with grasping things was activated . "
The fact is that in evolutionary terms , reading in an escapist way is a very recent human activity , nothing like as traditional a method of self - medication as drink , say , or even drugs .
For most of our history , reading has been done by just a few specialists , and aloud .
In the fifth century , Saint Augustine was famously perplexed by the weird habits of Saint Ambrose : " When he read , his eyes scanned the page and his heart sought out the meaning , but his voice was silent and his tongue was still .
Anyone could approach him freely and guests were not commonly announced , so that often , when we came to visit him , we found him reading like this in silence , for he never read aloud . "
It was n't until more than a thousand years later , and with the invention of the novel , that it became more common to read silently to yourself , and also that it began , as an occupation , to worry the authorities .
In Germany in the 18th and 19th centuries , " reading epidemics " swept the country .
In France , certain novels were considered a threat to the state , and censored ; some authors were even murdered .
In England , general contempt for novels led Jane Austen in Northanger Abbey to come out of character briefly to passionately defend her fellow novelists whose " productions have afforded more extensive and affected pleasure than those of any other literary corporation in the world " but whose " foes are almost more than our readers " .
And reading has not gone away .
The grip of fiction on the public has continued to grow and grow , and now books are seen as a far healthier alternative to TV or computer games .
They continue to be devoured by a public , who bought 235.7 m books in the UK in 2009 , and who are not stopping buying books despite the economy ( sales only fell by 0.5 % ) .
" We read more during recessions , " says Darnton .
" During the Great Depression , the Chicago public library was filled with readers , and I 'm pretty sure you 'll find the same is true now .
It 's an escape from stress . "
Ah yes , stress .
By Thursday , my early glow has worn off after a long day coping with winter , an ill parent , one particularly grumpy son , and the general detritus of life .
I am incredibly tetchy and snappy ; more than usual ?
Impossible to know ( everyone 's too scared to tell me ) , but Friday is the same and even a little worse and I can't find any way to relax , to switch off and get away from the things that you list in your head at 11.30 pm at night .
After school on Friday evening , when the boys have had tea and watched a bit of TV , they racket off downstairs for a game of hide and seek , and I slump down on to the sofa for a half hour that would usually involve a novel , a cuppa , and maybe a biscuit .
Instead , after staring at the wall for a bit , I fetch my laptop and do some more work .
Life feels deeply , wintrily joyless .
It feels wall - to - wall grey .
Books , I realise , have been one of my longest , truest friends .
When I 'm anxious , sad , angry , in need of comfort , a book is often the first place I will go : I even have books that I regularly re-read when I 'm feeling particularly awful ( can I just recommend the Bitch in the House if you 've been a particularly bad mother that day ? ) .
And now I have just cast them aside , as if all my flaws are their fault , and not the other way round .
The day that the ban is lifted , I wait until the children have gone to bed , and then pick up the novel I was halfway through when the axe fell , pour a glass of wine and settle down with it , a bit worried that somehow ( like the first puff of a fag when you 've given up smoking for a while ) it wo n't be as good as before , that somehow I will have spoilt it .
But there 's no need to worry .
Immediately , it is as if the wardrobe doors to Narnia have been thrown open again and thousands of other technicolour lives have tumbled straight back out from that eighth dimension inside my head .
Day - to - day life just fades out , I stop worrying , stop twitching and just forget who or where I am for a gorgeous hour .
I have still not got around to hanging those pictures in the bathroom .
But reader , I am never giving up books again .
The year was 1988 , and I was a college student on my junior year abroad , traveling aimlessly through the Middle East and Europe .
My backpack was crammed with shorts and T - shirts , bathing suits and sarongs , my Walkman and Grateful Dead tapes .
And oh , yes , a scale , buried deep beneath layers of socks .
Having been a chubby adolescent  and having spent six summers at fat camp 
I was terrified of gaining weight .
Unfortunately , nothing gave me as much pleasure as eating , which I did with abandon .
To maintain some semblance of control , I divided my eating into Food Days and Nonfood Days : that is , days when I consumed vast amounts , and days when I policed my caloric intake with military precision .
The routine kept my weight in check , more or less .
Never mind that it was insane .
No one at my college health center knew what to do with me .
Clearly , I was n’t anorexic ; I was slightly round , in fact .
I did n’t purge , so bulimia was out .
To my distress , the counselors told me there was nothing they could do for me and sent me on my way .
Today , I would probably qualify for a diagnosis of “ eating disorder not otherwise specified , ” usually known by its acronym , Ednos .
In the current edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , it encompasses virtually every type of eating problem that is not anorexia or bulimia .
Google is responding to the disastrous earthquake in Haiti with a $ 1 million donation that will go to organizations " on the ground that are rescuing those still trapped and providing clean water , food , medical care , shelter and support to those affected . "
The generous donation was announced this morning on Google 's blog .
It 's being made in conjunction with the search giant 's continued efforts to encourage and support your donations to organizations .
As we reported this morning , Google is also providing a satellite view of the damage in Haiti using Google Earth .
It 's also using YouTube as a means to collect and share video from Haiti and expand the outreach .
Google 's efforts , combined with text message donations to the Red Cross — which now total more that $ 3 million — show the power of social media to inspire action , and the significance of individuals and companies pulling together to support the hundreds of thousands of people in need in Haiti .
Haiti Earthquake : Additional Coverage
[img credit : thesuperph , iStockphoto ]
Back to home page click here
A SHORT GUIDE TO THE BRITISH POLITICAL SYSTEM
A VERY , VERY SHORT HISTORY
To understand fully any country 's political system , one needs to understand something of its history .
This is especially true of the United Kingdom because its history has been very different from most other nations and , as a result , its political system is very different from most other nations too .
Like its ( unwritten ) constitution , the British state evolved over time .
We probably need to start in 1066 when William the Conqueror from Normandy invaded what we now call England , defeated the Anglo - Saxon King Harold and established a Norman dynasty .
The Normans were not satisfied with conquering England and , over the next few centuries , tried to conquer Ireland , Wales and Scotland .
They succeeded with the first two and failed with the last despite several wars over the centuries .
By one of those ironical twists of history , when Queen Elizabeth of England died in 1603 , she was succeeded by her cousin James VI , King of Scots who promptly decamped from Edinburgh and settled in London as King James I of England while keeping his Scots title and running Scotland by remote control .
A century later the Scottish economic and political elite bankrupted themselves through something called the Darien Scheme and agreed to a Union between England and Scotland to make themselves solvent again and so Great Britain with one Parliament based in London came into being in 1707 .
The Irish parliament was abolished in 1801 with Ireland returning members to Westminster and the new political entity was called the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Understandab ;y the southern ( Catholic ) Irish never reconciled themselves to being ruled by the English and rebelled in 1916 and gained independence in 1922 .
The northern ( Protestant ) Irish did not want independence and so the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland arrived .
Not a snappy name .
Meanwhile , although the Normans were the last to mount a successful invasion of the country , there were plenty of other plans to conquer the nation , notably the Spanish under King Philip II in 1588 , the French under Napoleon in 1803 - 1805 , and the Germans under Hitler in 1940 .
None succeeeded .
Furthermore , in recent centuries , Britain has not had a revolution of the kind experienced by so many other countries .
Some might argue that the English Civil War ( 1642 -1651 ) was the nation 's revolution and - athough it was three and a half centuries ago - it did bring about a major shift in power , but the main constitutional consequence - the abolition of the monarchy - only lasted 11 years and the Restoration of the Monarchy has so far lasted 350 years ( although it is now , of course , a very different monarchy ) .
There was a time in British history which we call the Glorious Revolution ( 1688 ) but it was a very English revolution , in the sense that nobody died , if a rather Dutch revolution in that it saw William of Orange take the throne .
So the British have never had anything equivalent to the American Revolution or the French Revolution , they have not been colonised in a millennium but rather been the greatest colonisers in history , and in neither of the two world wars were they invaded or occupied .
HOW HISTORY HAS SHAPED THE POLITICAL SYSTEM
The single most important fact in understanding the nature of the British political system is the fundamental continuity of that system .
For almost 1,000 years , Britain has not been invaded or occupied for any length of time or over any substantial territory as the last successful invasion of England was in 1066 by the Normans .
Is this true of any other country in the world ?
I can only think of Sweden .
This explains why :
almost uniquely in the world , Britain has no written constitution ( the only other such nations are Israel , New Zealand and Saudi Arabia )
the political system is not neat or logical or always fully democratic or particularly efficient
change has been very gradual and pragmatic and built on consensus
British attitudes towards the rest of Europe have been insular , not just geographically but culturally , which was a major factor behind the Brexit decision of 23 June 2016 .
A key date in this evolution was 1215 when King John was forced to sign the Magna Carta which involved him sharing power with the barons .
This is regarded as the first statement of citizen rights in the world - although Hungarians are proud of the Golden Bull of just seven years later .
The so - called Model Parliament was summoned by King Edward I in 1295 and is regarded as the first representative assembly .
Unlike the absolute monarchs of other parts of Europe , the King of England required the approval of Parliament to tax his subjects and so , then as now , central to the exercise of power was the ability to raise funds .
The bicameral nature of the British Parliament - Commons and Lords - emerged in 1341 and the two - chamber model of the legislature has served as a template in very many other parliamentary systems .
The Bill of Rights of 1689 - which is still in effect - lays down limits on the powers of the crown and sets out the rights of Parliament and rules for freedom of speech in Parliament , the requirement for regular elections to Parliament , and the right to petition the monarch without fear of retribution .
It was the 19th century before the franchise was seriously extended and each extension was the subject of conflict and opposition .
The great Reform Act of 1832 abolished 60 ' rotten ' , or largely unpopulated , boroughs and extended the vote from 400,000 citizens to 600,000 , but this legislation - promoted by the Whigs ( forerunners of the Liberals ) - was only carried after being opposed three times by the Tories ( forerunners of the Conservatives ) .
Further Reform Acts followed in 1867 and 1884 .
It was 1918 before the country achieved a near universal franchise and 1970 before the last extension of the franchise ( to 18 - 21 year olds ) .
Another important feature of British political history is that three parts of the United Kingdom - Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland - have a special status and have local administrations with a wide range of responsibilities .
However , England - which represents about 84 % of the total UK population of around 65 million - does not have a clear and strong sense of regionalism .
So the British political system does not have anything equivalent to the federal system of the 50 states in the USA .
The nature of this ( dis ) United Kingdom took on a new form in the General Election of May 2015 when the Scottish National Party won 56 out of 59 seats in Scotland .
The final important part of British political history is that , since 1973 , the UK has been a member of what is now called the European Union ( EU ) .
This now has 28 Member States covering most of the continent of Europe .
Therefore the UK Government and Parliament are limited in some respects by what they can do because certain areas of policy or decision - making are a matter for the EU which operates through a European Commission appointed by the member governments and a European Parliament elected by the citizens of the member states [ for a guide to the working of the EU click here ] .
However , in a referendum held on 23 June 2016 , the British people narrowly voted that the country should leave the European Union ( a decision dubbed Brexit ) , a process that was activated in March 2017 but will take two years and be very complex .
The year 2015 was a special year for the British Parliament as it was the 750th anniversary of the de Montfort Parliament ( the first gathering in England that can be called a parliament in the dictionary sense of the word ) , along with the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta , the document that set the scene for the later 1265 de Montfort Parliament .
However , the period since the Brexit referendum of mid 2016 has exhibited a febrile and frenetic state of politics in Britain in which the unwritten constitutrion has come under unprecedented strain .
Traditionally Britain has seen no need for the legalistic idea of writing down its constitution in one place .
Instead it has relied on the notion that its politicians know where the unwritten lines of the constitution lie and do not cross them .
As expressed by academic and historian Professor Peter Hennessey : " The British constitution is a state of mind .
It requires a sense of restraint all round to make it work . "
Rather quaintly , he calls this " the good chap theory of government " .
THREE ARMS OF THE STATE
The British political system is headed by a monarchy but essentially the powers of the monarch as head of state - currently Queen Elizabeth II - are ceremonial .
The most important practical power is the choice of the Member of Parliament to form a government , but the monarch follows the convention that this opportunity is granted to the leader of the political party with the most seats in the House of Commons or who stands the best chance of commanding a majority in a vote of confidence in the Commons .
Although any remaining powers of the monarchy are largely ceremonial , the Royal Family does have some subtle and hidden influence on the legislative process because of a little - known provision that senior royals - notably the Queen and her eldest son the Prince of Wales - have to be consulted about legislation that might affect their private interests and given the opportunity to have such legislation amended .
Traditionally the choice of monarch has been determined on the hereditary and primogeniture principles which means that the oldest male child of a monarch was the next in line to the throne .
Under the terms of the Act of Settlement of 1701 , the monarch and the monarch 's spouse could not be Catholics because the UK monarch is also the Head of the Church of England .
In 2015 , the primogeniture principle was abolished , so that the next in line can now be a female eldest child , and the monarch can marry a Catholic but not himself or herself be one .
In classical political theory , there are three arms of the state :
The executive - the Ministers who run the country and propose new laws
The legislature - the elected body that passes new laws
The judiciary - the judges and the courts who ensure that everyone obeys the laws .
THE U.K. PARLIAMENT
The British Parliament - like that of most larger countries - is bicameral , that is there are two houses or chambers .
One tends to find unicameral legislatures in smaller nations such as Denmark , Sweden , Finland , Greece , Israel and New Zealand , although China and Iran are two larger nations with a single legislative chamber ( but neither of these countries is a democracy ) .
The British Parliament is often called Westminster because it is housed in a distinguished building in central London called the Palace of Westminster which stands out because of the clock tower at the south end ( this is the Elizabeth Tower and it houses Big Ben ) and the tower with a flag at the other end ( this is the Victoria Tower ) .
Although this is a grand building , it is in an appalling state of repair and it is planned that in 2025 Parliament will move out of the building for a £ 3.5 billion refurbishment programme lasting an estinated six years .
The House of Commons will move to Richmond House and the House of Lords will relocate to the Queen Elizabeth II conference centre .
The House of Commons
This is the lower chamber but the one with the most authority .
I worked there as a Research Assistant to Merlyn Rees MP , then Labour 's Opposition spokesperson on Northern Ireland , from 1972 - 1974 .
The House of Commons sits each week day for about half of the weeks of the year .
The precise hours of sitting are : Monday 2.30 - 10.30 pm Tuesday 2.30 - 10.30 pm Wednesday 11.30 am - 7.30 pm Thursday 10.30 am - 6.30 pm Friday 9.30 am - 3 pm
The Commons is chaired by the Speaker .
Unlike the Speaker in the US House of Representatives , the post is non-political and indeed , by convention , the political parties do not contest the Parliamentary constituency held by the Speaker .
The House of Commons currently comprises 650 Members of Parliament or MPs ( the number varies slightly from time to time to reflect population change ) .
This is a large legislature by international standards .
For instance , the House of Representatives in the USA has 435 seats but , of course , each of the 50 US states has its own legislature .
Before the General Election of 2010 , the Conservative Party said that it wished to reduce the number of Commons seats by around 10 % ( 65 seats ) and the Liberal Democrats said that the Commons should be reduced by 150 MPs .
The Coalition Government of 2010 - 2015 passed legislation to reduce the number from 650 to 600 , as part of a wider change to the number and size of constituencies , but Parliament blocked the process of redrawing boundaries that is necessary before an General Election can be held with fewer seats .
Rather oddly ( but deliberately ) , there is insufficient seating capacity in the chamber of the House of Commons for all the MPs .
Members do not sit at desks ( like most legislatures ) but on long , green - covered benches and there is only seating capacity for 437 MPs out of the total of 650 .
The origin of this strange arrangement is that the Commons first home was the medieval St Stephen 's Chapel in the Palace of Westminster which could only fit around 400 Members .
Equally odd is that Members vote ( votes are called ' divisions ' ) by physically walking through one of the two lobbies which run along the side of the Commons chamber .
These lobbies are the ' aye ' lobby and the ' nay ' lobby .
This archaic procedure means that votes take a long time to conduct and it is not unknown for a member accidentally to walk into the wrong lobby .
The votes are counted by ' tellers ' who then return to the chamber to announce the numbers to the Speaker .
Each member in the House of Commons represents a geographical constituency .
Typically a constituency would have around 60,000 - 80,000 voters , depending mainly on whether it is an urban or rural constituency .
The largest constituency in the country is the Isle of Wight with around 110,000 electors , while the smallest is Na h - Eileanan an Iar ( formerly known as the Western Isles ) with an electorate of only arouind 22,000 .
The Coalition Government of 2010 - 2015 intended to make the size of constituencies more equal in terms of electors , but so far the legislation has not been implemented .
Every citizen aged 18 or over can vote once in the constituency in which they live .
Voting is not compulsory ( as it is in Australia ) .
In the last General Election of May 2015 , 66.1 % of the electorate actually voted .
Most democratic countries use a method of election called proportional representation ( PR ) which means that there is a reasonable correlation between the percentage of votes cast for a particular political party and the number of seats or representatives won by that party .
However , much of the Anglo - Saxon world - the USA , Canada , and the UK but not Australia or New Zealand - uses a method of election called the simple majority system or ' first past the post ' ( FPTP ) .
In this system , the country is divided into a number of constituencies each with a single member and the party that wins the largest number of votes in each constituency wins that constituency regardless of the proportion of the vote secured .
The simple majority system of election tends to under - represent less successful political parties and to maximise the chance of the most popular political party winning a majority of seats nationwide even if it does not win a majority of the votes nationwide .
Until recently , in the UK ( unlike many countries ) , there was not fixed term parliaments .
A General Election - that is , a nationwide election for all 650 seats - was held when the Prime Minister called it , but the election could not be more than five years after the last one and it was usually around four years after the last one .
I fought the General Elections of February 1974 and October 1974 as the Labour candidate for the north - east London constituency of Wanstead & Woodford .
The Coalition Government of 2010 - 2015 passed legislation to provide for fixed five - year parliaments which meant that the next General Election was scheduled for May 2020 .
However , the Prime Minister Theresa May was able to call a snap General Election for 8 June 2017 by winning a Commons vote of more than two - thirds to activate provision for an early election in the Fixed Term Parliaments Act .
Conservative Party : 318 seats ( down 13 ) with 42.45 % of the vote
Labour Party : 262 seats ( up 32 ) with 39.99 % of the vote
Scottish National Party : 35 seats ( down 19 ) with 3.04 % of the vote
Liberal Democrat Party : 12 seats ( up 4 ) with 7.4 % of the vote
Other parties : 22 seats ( down 1 ) with 7.1 % of the vote
Total turnout nationwide was 69 % - the highest since the election of 1997
Note 2 : In Northern Ireland , Sinn Fein - which won 7 constituencies in 2017 - does not take its seats .
Links :
House of Commons site click here
BBC live broadcasting of Commons proceedings click here
The House of Lords
This is the upper chamber but the one with less authority .
Its main roles are to revise legislation and keep a check on government by scrutinising its activities .
Since 1911 , its power to block " money bills " is limited to one month and its power to block other bills is limited to one session , so ultimately it cannot block the will of the House of Commons .
Furthermore , since 1945 , there has been the Salisbury Convention that the House of Lords will not oppose a measure that was specifically mentioned in the last election manifesto of the political party forming the Government .
The House of Lords is an utterly bizarre institution that has no parallel anywhere in the democratic world .
The explanation for the unusual nature of the Lords goes back to the beginning of this essay : the British political system has evolved very slowly and peacefully and it is not totally logical or democratic .
There is no fixed number of members in the House of Lords and the number fluctuates because of deaths , retirements and new appointments , but currently there are almost 800 members - many more than in the House of Commons , more than the combined houses of the American Congress or the Indian Parliament ( although both of these nations have a federal system ) , and the second biggest legislative body in the world ( after the Chinese National People 's Congress which is effectively a rubber - stamping body ) .
The number was actually halved to 666 in the reforms of 1999 but , since then , succesive Prime Ministers ( especially David Cameron ) have been adding new life peers much faster than members are dying .
Indeed the last ( Coalition ) Government added over 100 .
Ironically the size of the House of Lords continues to rise at the same time as the House of Commons has legislated to reduce its size ( although the legislation has not been implemented ) .
Historically most members of the House of Lords have been what we called hereditary peers .
This meant that years ago a king or queen nominated a member of the aristocracy to be a member of the House and , since then , the right to sit in the House has passed through the family from generation to generation .
Clearly this is totally undemocratic and the last Labour Government abolished the right of all but 92 of these hereditary peers to sit in the House .
Almost all the other members of today 's House of Lords are what we call life peers .
This means that they have been chosen by the Queen , on the advice of the Government , to sit in the House for as long as they live , but afterwards no member of their family has the right to sit in the House .
Almost 200 are former Members of Parliament .
Others are distinguished figures in fields such as education , health and social policy .
A small number of other members - 26 - are archbishops and bishops of the Church of England .
The archbishops of Canterbury and York and the bishops of London , Durham and Winchester automatically take seats in the Lords , while the further 21 seats are allocated on the basis of length of service .
Iran is the only other country in the world that provides automatic seats for senior religious figures in its legislature .
There is no retirement age for peers and the average age is an incredible 69 .
Since the House of Lords is composed in a totally different manner from the House of Commons , the Government of the day - which usually has a majority in the Commons does not have a majority in the Lords .
So , currently there is a Conservative Government in power , but only around 250 of the 800 members of the Lords ( most appointed but some hereditary ) take the Conservative whip .
There are approaching 200 Labour Lords and about 100 Liberal Democrats .
There is nowhere near sufficient seating capacity in the chamber of the House of Lords for all the peers .
Members do not sit at desks ( like most legislatures ) but on long , red- covered benches and there is only seating capacity for 230 peers out of the total of Aroind 800 .
Even on a ' whipped ' vote , a couple of hundred peers will not turn up .
House of Lords reform is unfinished business .
The Parliament Act of 1911 first raised the prospect of an elected upper house but it has still not happened .
There is a cross-party consensus that it should become a mainly elected body , although there is as yet no agreement on the details of the next stage of reform .
Links :
House of Lords site click here
BBC live broadcasting of Lords proceedings click here
Some distinguishing features of the British Parliamentary system
Much of the work of Parliament is done in Committees rather than on the floor of the chamber .
The House of Commons has two types of committee : Select Committees are appointed for the lifetime of a Parliament , ' shadow ' the work of a particular Government Department , conduct investigations , receive written and oral evidence , and issue reports .
Membership is made up only of backbenchers and reflects proportionately the balance of the parties in the Commons .
General Committees ( previously known as Standing Committees ) are temporary bodies , most of them Public Bill Committees formed to examine the detail of a particular piece of proposed legislation and consider amendments to the Bill .
Membership includes Government and Opposition spokepersons on the subject matter of the Bill and overall membership reflects proportionately the balance of the parties in the Commons .
The House of Lords only has Select Committees ( it does not need Standing Committees because the details of Bills are considered on the floor of the chamber ) .
Finally there are some Joint Committees of the Commons and the Lords .
Discussion and debate involve quite a gladiatorial or confrontational approach .
This is reflected in the physical shape of the chambers .
Whereas most legislatures are semi-circular , both the House of Commons and the House of Lords are rectangular with the Government party sitting on one side and the Opposition parties sitting on the other side .
The House of Lords alone has cross -benches for independent peers .
It is quite normal for speakers in debates to be interrupted by other members , especially of another party , and , in the Commons , cheering and jeering is a regular occurrence .
In the Commons , there is a Prime Minister 's Question ( PMQ ) Time for 30 minutes at 12 noon every Wednesday .
Questions can be asked on any subject .
This is frequently a heated affair with the Leader of the Opposition trying to embarrass the Prime Minister and it is the one part of the week 's proceedings guaranteed to attract the interest of the media .
In his book " A Journey " , former Prime Minister Tony Blair wrote : " PMQs was the most nerve - wracking , discombobulating , nail - biting , bowel - moving , terror - inspiring , courage - draining experience in my prime ministerial life , without question . "
The Government is normally assured of a majority in the House of Commons for any measure or vote .
This is mainly because in the Commons there is a strong ' whipping ' system in which political parties tell their members how to vote on every significant division though a weekly set of instructions .
The importance of actually being present to vote in the manner instructed depends on whether the ' whip ' is one - line , two - line or - the most serious - three - line .
Even when there is a rebellion by members of the majority party , the Government usually obtains its wish because all Ministers and their Parliamentary Private Secretaries ( PPSs ) are required to vote for the Government or resign their Ministerial or PPS position .
This is called ' the payroll vote ' ( although PPS are not actually paid to be a PPS ) and currently around 120 MPs or 22 % of the Commons make up this block vote .
The official record of the proceedings of the Commons and the Lords is called Hansard .
The press and broadcasters are present all the time and live audio and visual broadcasting can take place at any time .
THE LEGISLATIVE PROCESS
In the British political system , almost all legislation is proposed by the Government and much of it comes from promises made in the manifesto of the relevant political party at the last election .
At the beginning of each annual session of the Parliament , the main Bills to be considered are announced by the Queen in a speech opening that year 's session of Parliament .
All legislation has to be approved by both Houses of Parliament .
In each House of Parliament , a proposed piece of legislation - called a Bill - goes through the following stages :
First Reading - the Bill is introduced with simply a reading by a Minister of the long title of the Bill
Second Reading - the general principles of the Bill are debated by all the members of the House and a formal vote is taken
Committee Stage - each clause and schedule of the Bill , plus amendments to them and any new clauses or schedules , is examined in detail , in the Commons by a small , specially chosen group of members meeting as Public Bill Committee or in the Lords by the members as a whole on the floor of the House
Report Stage - the changes made to the Bill in the Committee are reported to and debated by the whole House which is invited to consider the Bill as a whole , approve the changes by the Committee , and consider any further proposed changes that might be suggested
Third Reading - the final version of the Bill is considered by the whole House in a short debate ( in the Commons without the facility for further amendments )
Royal Assent - the Crown gives assent to the Bill which then becomes an Act , the provisions becoming law either immediately or at a date specified in the Act or at a date specified by what is called a Commencement Order
Under normal circumstances , all these stages must be completed in both Houses in one session of Parliament ; otherwise the process must begin all over again .
Debates on most Bills are timetabled through a programme motion ( when Government and Opposition agree ) or an allocation of time motion which is popularly known as a ' guillotine ' motion ( when Government and Opposition do not agree ) .
As well as almost all legislation coming from the Government , almost all successful amendments originate from the Government .
Ultimately , exactly the same text of a Bill must be approved by both Houses of Parliament .
If the House of Lords approves an amendment to a Bill from the House of Commons , then the Bill returns to the Commons for further consideration .
Usually the Lords amendment is not accepted by the Commons which is , after all , the elected chamber with the the democratic mandate .
If the Lords insists on passing the amendment - or something like it - again , then the process of the Bill passing back and forth between the two Houses is known colloquially as " ping - pong " .
The House of Lords has much more limited legislative powers than the House of Commons .
Money Bills can only be initiated in the Commons and the Lords can only reject legislation from the Commons for one year .
Furthermore there is a convention - called the Salisbury Convention - that the Lords does not block legislation in fulfillment of the election manifesto of the elected Government .
In recent years , the number of Bills passed by Parliament has remained broadly constant at around 50 a year .
However , these Bills have become longer and , in the past few years , about 3,000 pages of primary legislation , as well as around 13,000 pages of secondary legislation , have been processed by Parliament .
The reality , therefore , is that Parliament provides increasingly less scrutiny of a lot of legislation .
This situation could become even worse as Parliament attempts to deal with all the legislation needed to take the UK out of the European Union ( Brexit ) .
Link : Bill stages click here
POLITICAL PARTIES
The idea of political parties first took form in Britain and the Conservative Party claims to be the oldest political party in the world .
Political parties began to form during the English civil wars of the 1640s and 1650s .
First , there were Royalists and Parliamentarians ; then Tories and Whigs .
Whereas the Whigs wanted to curtail the power of the monarch , the Tories - today the Conservatives - were seen as the patriotic party .
Today there are four major political parties in the British parliamentary system .
These are - with representation as a result of the General Election of 12 December 2019 - as follows :
The Conservative Party ( frequently called the Tories ) - the centre - Right party , currently led by Boris Johnson , which since 2010 has been in Government either in coalition ( 2010 - 2015 ) or alone ( since 2015 ) .
The Conservatives won 365 seats ( with 43.6 % of the vote ) – a gain of 47 seats and the party ’s best result since 1987 .
This gives the party an overall majority of 80 in the Housae of Commons .
The Labour Party - the centre - Left party , ( temorarily ) led by Jeremy Corbyn , which was last in Government from 1997 to 2010 .
Labour won 203 seats ( with 32.2 % of the votes ) – a loss of 43 seats and the party ’s worst result since 1935 .
The Scottish National Party - the party supporting Scottish independence , which is led by Nicola Sturgeon .
The SNP won 48 seats ( with 3.9 % of the vote ) – a gain of 13 seats out of a total contested of 59 .
The Liberal Democrat Party ( known as the Lib Dems ) - the centrist , libertarian party , ( temporarily ) led by Jo Swinson , which was the junior member of the Coalition Government of 2010 - 2015 .
The Lib Dems won 11 seats ( with 11.5 % of the votes ) – one seat down on 2017 and with the loss of the seat of its leader Jo Swinson .
In addition to these parties , there are some much smaller UK parties ( notably the Green Party ) and some parties which operate specifically in Wales ( Plaid Cymru ) or Northern Ireland ( such as the Democratic Unionist Party for the loyalistsand Sinn Fein for the nationalists ) .
Each political party chooses its leader in a different way , but all involve all the Members of Parliament of the party and all the individual members of that party .
By convention , the leader of the political party with the largest number of members in the House of Commons becomes the Prime Minster ( formally at the invitation of the Queen ) .
Political parties are an all - important feature of the British political system because :
The three main UK political parties in the UK have existed for a century or more and have a strong and stable ' brand image ' .
It is virtually impossible for someone to be elected to the House of Commons without being a member of an established political party .
All political parties strongly ' whip ' their elected members which means that , on the vast majority of issues , Members of Parliament of the same party vote as a ' block ' .
The three parties have smaller memberships than they did , since voters are much less inclined to join a political party .
The three parties secure a lower overall percentage of the total vote , since smaller parties between them now take a growing share of the vote .
Voters are much less ' tribal ' , not supporting the same party at every election , and much more likely to ' float ' , voting for different parties at successive elections .
The ideological differences between the parties are less than they were , with the parties adopting more ' pragmatic ' positions on many issues .
In the past , class was a major determinant of voting intention in British politics , with most working class electors voting Labour and most middle class electors voting Conservative .
These days , class is much less important because :
Working class numbers have shrunk and now represent only 43 % of the electorate .
Except at the extremes of wealth , lifestyles are more similar .
Class does not determine voting intention so much as values , trust , competence as wekk as ( in Scotland ) nationalism and ( in 2019 in England & Wales ) Brexit .
In the British political system , there is a broad consensus between the major parties on :
the rule of law
the free market economy
the National Health Service ( NHS )
membership of NATO and possession of a nuclear deterrent
how to tackle poverty and inequality
the levels and forms of taxation
the extent of state intervention in the economy
the balance between collective rights and individual rights
the terms of the UK's departure from the European Union
THE U.K. GOVERNMENT
All Government Ministers have to be a member of either the House of Commons ( most of them ) or the House of Lords ( the remainder of them ) and every Government Department will have at least one Minister in the Lords , so that the Department can speak in either House as necessary .
The number of Ministers varies from administration to administration , but typically there will be around 120 , the 20 or so most senior being Cabinet Ministers .
The Ministerial and Other Salaries Act , passed in 1975 , limits prime ministers to 109 ministerial salaries being paid at any one time with a maximum of 95 ministers in the House of Commons .
All Ministers are subject to the Ministerial Code which sets out they should behave in fulfilment of their duties .
Historically most British governments have been composed of ministers from a single political party which had an overall majority of seats in the House of Commons and the ' first - past - the - post ' ( FPTP ) electoral system greatly facilitates and indeed promotes this outcome .
However , occasionally there have been minority governments or coalition governments , especially in recent years .
There was a minority Labour Government from February - October 1974 ( when I was a Special Adviser in the Northern Ireland Office and fought the two General Elections of that year ) .
Then there was Liberal - Labour ( Lib - Lab ) Pact of 1977 - 1978 ( when I was a Special Adviser in the Home Office ) during which time the Labour Government lost its majority but had the general support of the Liberals who did not actually join the government .
For five years , the UK had its first coalition government in 65 years when , in May 2010 , the Conservatives went into coalition with the Liberal Democrats because in the General Election they did not secure a majority of the seats .
In this coalition , the Lib Dems had 17 ministers led by the Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg .
Then , at the General Election of May 2015 , the Conservative Party won an overall majority and the normal arrangement resumed of all Ministers coming from the same party .
However , at the General Election of June 2017 , the Conservatives failed to win an overall majority resulting in what is called a ' hung parliament ' and so the party is governing with the support of the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) of Northern Ireland .
This is not a formal coalition but a ' confidence and supply ' agreement in which the DUP has undertaken - in return for a comprehensive package of measures and funding - to support the government on key votes .
Link : text of agreement between Conservative Government and the DUP click here
The Prime Minister
The UK does not have a President .
Constitutionally the head of state is the monarch who is a hereditary member of the Royal Family .
However , the monarch has very few formal powers and stays above party politics .
He or she receives a weekly oral report from the Prime Minister , a tradition which began with King George I in 1714 because this German had struggled to follow the English deliberations of his Cabinet .
Therefore , in practice , the most important person in the British political system is the Prime Minister .
The first modern Prime Minister was Sir Robert Walpole who served from 1721 - 1742 , so the current PM Boris Johnson is the 55th .
In theory , the Prime Minister simply choses the ministers who run Government departments and chairs the Cabinet - the collection of the most senior of those Ministers .
In practice , however , the Prime Minister is a very powerful figure and increasingly has been behaving much like a president in other political systems , especially in the area of foreign policy .
I have personally met four British Prime Ministers : Harold Wilson , Jim Callaghan , Tony Blair and Gordon Brown .
The official residence of the Prime Minister is at 10 Downing Street in central London - a location I have visited about a dozen times - and the country residence of the Prime Minister is at Chequers in Buckinghamshire .
One British Prime Minister has been assassinated : Spencer Perceval was shot dead in the House of Commons in 1812 .
Link : Prime Minister click here
Government Departments
The most important political departments are called :
The Treasury - In most countries , this would be called the Ministry of Finance .
It is responsible for the raising of all taxes and the control of all government expenditure plus the general management of the economy .
The head of the Treasury is called the Chancellor of the Exchequer and is currently Rishi Sunak .
Link : Treasury site click here
The Home Office - In most countries , this would be called the Ministry of the Interior .
It is responsible for criminal matters , policing , and immigration .
The Head of the Home Office is called the Home Secretary and is currently Priti Patel .
Link : Home Office site click here
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office - In most countries , this would be called the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
It is responsible for all international relationships , especially membership of the European Union .
The head of the Foreign Office is called the Foreign Secretary and is currently Dominic Raab .
Link : Foreign
Office site click here
Many other UK Government Departments are similar to those in other countries and cover subjects such as education , health , transport , industry , and justice .
However , there are also small departments for Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland and overseas aid .
When talking about the British Government , the media will often use the term Whitehall because a number of Government Departments are located along a central London street very close to Parliament called Whitehall .
Government Ministers
All Government Departments are run by Ministers who are either Members of the House of Commons or Members of the House of Lords .
There are three classes of Minister :
Secretary of State -
This is usually the head of a Department .
Minister of State -
This is a middle - ranking minister .
Parliamentary Under - Secretary of State -
This is the most junior class of minister .
The Prime Minster and all the Secretaries of State together comprise an executive body of government called the Cabinet .
The Cabinet meets usually once a week on Tuesday morning .
Cabinet meetings are confidential and all members are bound by any decision that it takes in a practice called collective responsibility .
An extensive system of Cabinet Committees considers matters either before they go to Cabinet or ( more usually ) instead of them going to Cabinet .
Although all Ministers are appointed by the Prime Minster and report to him , ultimately all Ministers are accountable to Parliament :
About once a month , they have to face questions in the House of Commons about the work of the Department .
Each government department has a special committee of the House of Commons which watches the work of that Department .
Any government initiative or important statement concerning a Department must be the subject of an appearance in the House of Commons by a minister from that Department .
The Cabinet Committee System
The business of modern government is complex and multi-dimensional , so most Governmental decisions are made by a system of Cabinet Committees which bring together ( typically ) around ten Ministers from all the Departments relevant to that policy area who meet ( again typically ) every few weeks .
Only the most important decisions go before the full Cabinet which meets weekly .
In cases of emergency , a body with an ad hoc membership , ( usually ) chaired by the Prime Minister or the Home Secretary , is convened in the Cabinet Office in a location which is equivalent to the Situation Room in the White House .
It has the exciting acronym COBRA but this simpy stands for Cabinet Office Board Room A .
The civil service
Each Secretary of State is able to appoint a couple of political advisers - formally known as Special Advisers ( or SpAds ) -  to serve him or her .
I was a Special Adviser to Merlyn Rees in the Northern Ireland Office from 1974 - 1976 and in the Home Office from 1976 - 1978 , while my son Richard was a Special Adviser to Ruth Kelly in the Department for Education & Skills in 2005 and a Special Adviser to Douglas Alexander at the Department for International Development in 2009 - 2010 .
But Special Advisers are simply advisers .
They have no line management responsibilities in respect of the staff of the Department .
Besides these tiny number of Special Advisers , Government Departments are run by civil servants who are recruited in a totally open manner and serve governments of any political party .
The independence and professionalism of the British civil service are fundamental features of the British political system .
My son Richard once worked as a civil servant in what was then the Department of Trade & Industry and my half - brother Chris was an official in the Treasury for five years .
At the time that Margaret Thatcher became Conservative Prime Minister in 1979 , the British civil service numbered almost 800,000 , but successive governments have cut the service and it is now 427,000 which is 1.3 % of the country 's workforce .
All civil servants are subject to the Civil Service Code , which states how they should behave , and have to sign the Official Secrets Act , which requires them to keep information confidential .
DEVOLVED GOVERNMENT
The UK has a devolved system of government , but this is categorically not a system of federal government such as in the United States [ click here ] or Australia [ click here ] , partly because less than a fifth of the citizens of the UK are covered by the three bodies in question and partly because the three bodies themselves have different or asymmetrical powers from one another .
The three devolved administrations are :
The Scottish Parliament
This came into operation in May 1999 and it covers the 5.3 million citizens of Scotland .
It has 129 members elected by a system of proportional representation known as the mixed member system .
As a result , 73 members represent individual geographical constituencies elected by the ' first past the post ' ( FPTP ) system , with a further 56 members returned from eight additional member regions , each electing seven members .
All members are elected for four - year terms .
The Scottish Parliament meets in Holyrood , Edinburgh .
It has legislative powers over those matters not reserved to the UK Parliament and it has limited tax - raising powers .
In the election of May 2011 , for the first time a single political party gained an overall majority of the seats in the Scottish Parliament .
That party was the Scottish National Party and its victory enabled it to require the UK Government to permit the holding of a referendum on Scottish independence .
The referendum was held on 18 September 2014 and , on an astonishing turnout of 85 % , the ' no ' vote won a decisive victory by 55 % to 45 % .
However , in the final week of the two - year referendum campaign , the three major parties in the UK Parliament agreed that , if the Scots voted ' no ' , there would be an early transfer of substantial extra powers to the Scottish Parliament .
This is now the subject of fierce political debate because of the implications for the other nations in the UK and for the UK Parliament itself .
Links :
Scottish Parliament click here
BBC live broadcasting of Scottish Parliament proceedings click here
The Welsh Parliament
This came into operation in May 1999 as an Assembly and in May 2020 was renamed aa a Parliament and it covers the 3 million citizens of Wales .
It has 60 members elected by a system of proportional representation known as the mixed member system .
As a result , 40 members represent individual geographical constituencies elected by the ' first past the post ' ( FPTP ) system , with a further 20 members returned from five additional member regions , each electing four members .
All members are elected for four - year terms .
It meets in the Senedd , Cardiff .
When first created , the Assembly had no powers to initiate primary legislation .
However , since 2006 , the Assembly had powers to legislate in some areas , though still subject to the veto of the Westminster Parliament .
The Assembly originally had no tax - varying powers but the renamed Parliament does .
The Welsh Parliament still has less power in some respects than either the Scottish Parliament or the Northern Ireland Assembly because - unlike Scotland and Northern Ireland - Wales does not have a separate legal system from England .
Links :
Welsh Parliament click here
BBC live broadcasting of Welsh Parliament proceedings click here
The Northern Ireland Assembly
The present version of the Assembly came into operation in May 2007 and covers the 1.8 million citizens of Northern Ireland .
It has 90 members - five from each of the 18 Westminster constituencies - elected by a system of proportional representation known as the single transferable vote ( STV ) .
It meets in the Parliament Building , Belfast .
It has legislative powers over those matters not reserved to the UK Parliament , but it has no tax - raising powers .
A First Minister and a Deputy First Minister are elected to lead the Executive Committee of Ministers .
As a result of the sectarian division in Northern Ireland , the two must stand for election jointly and to be elected they must have cross-community support by the parallel consent formula , which means that a majority of both the Members who have designated themselves Nationalists and those who have designated themselves Unionists and a majority of the whole Assembly , must vote in favour .
The First Minister and Deputy First Minister head the Executive Committee of Ministers and , acting jointly , determine the total number of Ministers in the Executive .
Following the collapse of agreement between the political parties , Northern Ireland did not have a local administration for the three years January 2017 - January 2020 .
Links :
Northern Ireland Assembly click here
BBC live broadcasting of Northern Ireland Assembly proceedings click here
THE U.K. JUDICIARY
The British judicial branch is extremely complex .
Unlike most countries which operate a single system of law , the UK operates three separate legal systems : one for England and Wales , one for Scotland , and one for Northern Ireland .
Currently Wales is slowly developing a fourth jurisdiction .
Although bound by similar principles , these systems differ in form and the manner of operation .
The Lord Chancellor 's office - which for 1,400 years maintained the judiciary - has now been replaced by the Ministry for Justice which administers the court system .
A Judical Appointments Commission advises the head of the MoJ on the appointment of new judges .
The Commission has 15 members , 12 lay members and three appointed by the judiciary .
The head of the judiciary is the Lord Chief Justice .
The Appellate Committee of the House of Lords - previously the highest court in the land - was , by way of the Constitutional Reform Act 2005 , replaced by the Supreme Court in October 2009 to allow the judiciary to operate in total independence from the Government .
It consists of 12 Justices ( currently three of them - including the President - female ) and new appointments are recommended by an independent selection commission set up when vacancies arise .
The court sits in the Middlesex Guildhall in Parliament Square opposite Parliament .
The Supreme Court hears civil cases from all parts of the UK and criminal cases from England , Wales and Northern Ireland , so it is the ultimate court of appeal in all legal matters other than criminal cases in Scotland .
The court also hears ' devolution ' issues : matters which raise questions of constitutional importance about the exercise of devolved powers by the Scottish Parliament , the Welsh Assembly and the Northern Ireland Assembly .
In most cases , there is no automatic right of appeal to the Supreme Court .
Generally cases are appealed from a lower court where there is sufficient uncertainty about how the law should be applied and what precedent the lower courts should follow in future .
Each case is usually heard by a panel of five Justices , selected by the President and Deputy President of the court .
This can be increased to seven or nine Justices depending on the importance or complexity of the case .
Most exceptionally , in September 2019 , the case concerning the constitutionality of an extended prorogation of Parliament was heard by 11 Justices .
The court always has an an odd number sitting to ensure that a majority decision can be reached .
Currently the Supreme Court is the only court in the UK where the proceedings are routinely filmed and available to watch live online .
Link : Supreme Court click here
The Supreme Court shares its building and administrative functions with the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council .
The Judicial Committee is the highest court of appeal for civil and criminal cases for about 30 Commonwealth countries ( such as Jamaica ) and British overseas territories , the crown dependencies , and military sovereign base areas .
The UK does not have its own Bill of Rights .
However , since 1951 it has been a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights ( part of the Council of Europe ) and since 1966 it has allowed its citizens the right of individual petition enabling them to take the government to the European Court of Human Rights ( ECHR ) in Strasbourg .
The last Labour Government incorporated the provisions of the European Convention into UK domestic law in 2000 , so that citizens can now seek to have the provisions enforced in domestic courts .
Finally , so long as the UK remains a members of the European Union , in respect of the application of European Union law in the UK , matters are subject to appeal to the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) which is located in Luxembourg .
CIVIL SOCIETY
One cannot explain a liberal democracy such as the United Kingdom simply by talking about the formal political and governmental institutions , any more than one can understand fish without talking about water .
Democratic government cannot operate without a strong civil society to support it and hold political and governmental bodies to account .
The special history of the UK - involving gradual changes over long periods - has created a subtle but effective civil society that outsiders often find a little difficult to understand .
So it is useful to list some of the more important elements of such a civil society :
Bill of Rights - Although Britain does not have a written constitution , it does have a Bill of Rights because it is a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights which was drawn up by a body called the Council of Europe .
The European Convention is part of the domestic law so that it can be enforced in the domestic courts as well as in the European Court of Human Rights .
Independent judiciary - British judges are appointed through an independent process and operate totally independently of government .
They can find that a Government Minister has acted against a law of the UK Parliament or a Directive of the European Union or against the European Convention and require the Minister to change his or her actions .
A free media - As long as they are not being libelous , newspapers , radio and television can say what they want about the Parliament , the Government and politicians .
An important new development is the Internet .
Web sites and blogs can say what they want about politicians and political issues .
I have a web site and a blog and I often write about political issues .
There is no need in the UK to register a newspaper or web site or to obtain permission to run it .
Freedom of information legislation - Britain has a Freedom of Information
Act which is a piece of legislation that obliges national government , local government and most public bodies to provide any information requested by an citizen .
The only exceptions are things like information which concern national security , commercial confidentiality , or the private matters of citizens .
Trade unions -
About a quarter of workers in Britain are members of trade unions representing different occupational groups or industries .
These trade unions are totally independent of government and employers .
I was a national trade union official for 24 years and believe strongly in independent trade unions .
Pressure groups - Britain has lots and lots of organisations that campaign publicly on political issues such as poverty , pensions , and the environment .
They perform an invaluable role in putting forward ideas and holding politicians to account .
Charities and voluntary groups - Similarly we have lots and lots of organisations that do some of the things that government does as well such as running schools and hospitals , looking after the poor and old , and cleaning up the environment .
CONSTITUTIONAL AND POLITICAL REFORM
Compared to many other democracies , institutional and procedural reform in the British political system has been very slow , gradual and piecemeal .
However , there has been a growing movement for more reform , starting with the actual running of the House of Commons :
During the period - just ended - of ( Conservative MP ) John Bercow as Speaker of the House of Commons , there were many more occasions of the use of the Urgent Question ( UQ ) .
This is a device which allows any Member of Parliament on any sitting day to petition the Speaker to demand that a Government Department supplies a Minister to make a statement on some issue or matter that has arisen very suddenly .
Eight weeks before the May 2010 General Election , the House of Commons embraced the election of the Deputy Speakers , the whole House election of Select Committee Chairs , the whole party caucus election of Select Committee members , and the creation of a House Backbench Business Committee .
In November 2013 , the then Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow announced the formation of a novel type of inquiry , a Speaker ’s Commission , to examine the whole issue of Digital Democracy .
This exercise started in early 2014 and reported in early 2015 .
The changes on the agenda of that Coalition Government were as follows :
Fixed term parliaments -
In the past , elections to the House of Commons had to be held within five years of the previous General Election but the Prime Minister had complete discretion over the actual date which was often the subject of considerable speculation and frequently a year or more before an election was legally necessary .
The coalition parties agreed to the establishment of five year fixed - term parliaments and the necessary legislation was enacted in the Fixed Term Parliament Act of 2011 .
Therefore , subject to either a vote of no confidence in the Government ( following which there is 14 days to attempt to form a government that does have the confidence of the House ) or a two - thirds majority vote ( which effectively means both major parties supporting the motion ) , each General Election is now supposed to be held on the first Thursday of May five years after the previous election .
In practice , snap elections were held in 2017 and 2019 and the current Government has committed to repealing the Fixed Term Parliament Act .
- In the past , elections to the House of Commons had to be held within five years of the previous General Election but the Prime Minister had complete discretion over the actual date which was often the subject of considerable speculation and frequently a year or more before an election was legally necessary .
The coalition parties agreed to the establishment of five year fixed - term parliaments and the necessary legislation was enacted in the Fixed Term Parliament Act of 2011 .
Therefore , subject to either a vote of no confidence in the Government ( following which there is 14 days to attempt to form a government that does have the confidence of the House ) or a two - thirds majority vote ( which effectively means both major parties supporting the motion ) , each General Election is now supposed to be held on the first Thursday of May five years after the previous election .
In practice , snap elections were held in 2017 and 2019 and the current Government has committed to repealing the Fixed Term Parliament Act .
A new electoral system for the House of Commons - Britain is unusual in Europe in having an electoral system which is ' first - past - the - post ' ( FPTP ) and there are advocates for a system of proportional representation ( PR ) , versions of which are already used for elections to the Scottish Parliament , the Welsh Assembly and the Northern Ireland Assembly and for British elections to the European Parliament .
As a vital component of the coalition agreement , legislation was carried to enable a referendum to be held on an electoral system called the alternative vote ( AV ) which enables the voter to number candidates in order of preference and requires a winning candidate to secure more than 50 % of the votes which , if not achieved on the first count , is achieved through successive withdrawal of the lowest - polling candidate and redistribution of that candidate 's preferences .
The referendum - only the second UK - wide referendum in its history - was held on 5 May 2011 , but the current electoral system was supported by a margin of more than two to one ( I voted for a move to AV ) .
The current Government has committed to maintaining the current electoral system .
- Britain is unusual in Europe in having an electoral system which is ' first - past - the - post ' ( FPTP ) and there are advocates for a system of proportional representation ( PR ) , versions of which are already used for elections to the Scottish Parliament , the Welsh Assembly and the Northern Ireland Assembly and for British elections to the European Parliament .
As a vital component of the coalition agreement , legislation was carried to enable a referendum to be held on an electoral system called the alternative vote ( AV ) which enables the voter to number candidates in order of preference and requires a winning candidate to secure more than 50 % of the votes which , if not achieved on the first count , is achieved through successive withdrawal of the lowest - polling candidate and redistribution of that candidate 's preferences .
The referendum - only the second UK - wide referendum in its history - was held on 5 May 2011 , but the current electoral system was supported by a margin of more than two to one ( I voted for a move to AV ) .
The current Government has committed to maintaining the current electoral system .
Fewer and more equal sized constituencies - Currently the House of Commons has 650 seats ; the Coalition Government intended to cut this to 600 .
Currently the number of electors in each Parliamentary constituency varies quite considerably ; the Coalition Government legislated that no constituency should be more than 5 % either larger or smaller than a national average of around 76,000 electors ( which would have eliminated some 40 Labour - held seats ) .
The Government included these measures in the Referendum Bill on electoral reform and it was intended that the new constituencies would come into effect at the General Election in 2015 .
However , although the Bill is now on the statute book , the new constituencies did not become operative at the General Election following a Commons vote of 334 to 292 against early implementation when the Liberal Democrats joined with Labour to block implementation in retaliation for Conservative MPs failing to support the reform of the House of Lords strongly favoured by the Lib Dems .
The current Government has committed to - in the words of its election manifesto - " updated and equal Parliamentary boundaries " .
- Currently the House of Commons has 650 seats ; the Coalition Government intended to cut this to 600 .
Currently the number of electors in each Parliamentary constituency varies quite considerably ; the Coalition Government legislated that no constituency should be more than 5 % either larger or smaller than a national average of around 76,000 electors ( which would have eliminated some 40 Labour - held seats ) .
The Government included these measures in the Referendum Bill on electoral reform and it was intended that the new constituencies would come into effect at the General Election in 2015 .
However , although the Bill is now on the statute book , the new constituencies did not become operative at the General Election following a Commons vote of 334 to 292 against early implementation when the Liberal Democrats joined with Labour to block implementation in retaliation for Conservative MPs failing to support the reform of the House of Lords strongly favoured by the Lib Dems .
The current Government has committed to - in the words of its election manifesto - " updated and equal Parliamentary boundaries " .
Election of the House of Lords -
At present , no member of the upper house is actually elected ; most are appointed on the nomination of party leaders with a small number remaining from the originally much larger group of hereditary peers .
The Queen 's Speech of May 2012 announced that there would be a Bill on Lords reform in that session of Parliament .
The latest proposal for reform comes from a Joint Committee of the two houses which recommended a 450 - seat chamber with peers elected for 15 years in elections to be held every five years .
Of these , 80 % would be elected by a form of proportional representation with 20 % appointed by an independent body .
In fact , neither the Commons ( especially the Conservative Party ) nor the Lords is keen on reform for very different reasons ( MPs do not want the Lords to gain more legitimacy and nominated peers do not want to be replaced by elected representatives ) .
In the summer of 2012 , the Prime Minister announced that he could not deliver Conservative support for a reform measure which was therefore withdrawn to the intense anger of the Liberal Democrats who very much support reform .
The current Government has committed to - in the words of its election manifesto - " look at ... the role of the House of Lords " .
- At present , no member of the upper house is actually elected ; most are appointed on the nomination of party leaders with a small number remaining from the originally much larger group of hereditary peers .
The Queen 's Speech of May 2012 announced that there would be a Bill on Lords reform in that session of Parliament .
The latest proposal for reform comes from a Joint Committee of the two houses which recommended a 450 - seat chamber with peers elected for 15 years in elections to be held every five years .
Of these , 80 % would be elected by a form of proportional representation with 20 % appointed by an independent body .
In fact , neither the Commons ( especially the Conservative Party ) nor the Lords is keen on reform for very different reasons ( MPs do not want the Lords to gain more legitimacy and nominated peers do not want to be replaced by elected representatives ) .
In the summer of 2012 , the Prime Minister announced that he could not deliver Conservative support for a reform measure which was therefore withdrawn to the intense anger of the Liberal Democrats who very much support reform .
The current Government has committed to - in the words of its election manifesto - " look at ... the role of the House of Lords " .
Reduction in size of the House of Lords -
While any moves to create an elected Lords are deadlocked , it is possible that change could be made to the size of the Lords , while retaining the current method of appointment .
In late 2017 , a cross-party committee of the Lords proposed a reduction from the present 800 or so members ( excluding bishops ) to no more than 600 with new peers limited to a term of 15 years .
The mechanism for achieving this would have been a " two out , one in " policy followed by all parties and the timetable for achieving this would have been 2027 .
The committee also recommended a fairer distribution of members with new members shared between parties based on an average of the vote share at the last general election and the total number of Commons seats won at that election .
In practice , Prime Ministers have continued to appoint more and more peers so that the appointed House of Lords remains much larger than the elected House of Commons .
- While any moves to create an elected Lords are deadlocked , it is possible that change could be made to the size of the Lords , while retaining the current method of appointment .
In late 2017 , a cross-party committee of the Lords proposed a reduction from the present 800 or so members ( excluding bishops ) to no more than 600 with new peers limited to a term of 15 years .
The mechanism for achieving this would have been a " two out , one in " policy followed by all parties and the timetable for achieving this would have been 2027 .
The committee also recommended a fairer distribution of members with new members shared between parties based on an average of the vote share at the last general election and the total number of Commons seats won at that election .
In practice , Prime Ministers have continued to appoint more and more peers so that the appointed House of Lords remains much larger than the elected House of Commons .
The power to force a by - election - In the past , a by - election occurred only when an MP died or resigned or was sentenced to more than one year in prison .
Under the Conservative / Lib Dem coalition , it was made easier to recall an errant MP .
The new Act requires that , if an MP is convicted of an offence and sentenced to a custodial sentence of 12 months or less or if the Commons orders the MP 's suspension for at least 28 sitting days ( or 28 calendar days ) , then the MP 's constituents will have the opportunity to sign a recall petition calling for a by - election .
This petition must be signed by at least 10 % of constituents for a by - election to be held .
The process was successfully instituted for the first time in 2019 in respect of the Labour MP for Peterborough Fiona Onasanya who had been found guilty of lying to avoid a speeding ticket .
- In the past , a by - election occurred only when an MP died or resigned or was sentenced to more than one year in prison .
Under the Conservative / Lib Dem coalition , it was made easier to recall an errant MP .
The new Act requires that , if an MP is convicted of an offence and sentenced to a custodial sentence of 12 months or less or if the Commons orders the MP 's suspension for at least 28 sitting days ( or 28 calendar days ) , then the MP 's constituents will have the opportunity to sign a recall petition calling for a by - election .
This petition must be signed by at least 10 % of constituents for a by - election to be held .
The process was successfully instituted for the first time in 2019 in respect of the Labour MP for Peterborough Fiona Onasanya who had been found guilty of lying to avoid a speeding ticket .
More devolution nationally and locally - The Scottish Parliament , the Welsh Assembly and the Northern Ireland Assembly all have devolved powers and all of them want more , while many local authorities feel that , over past decades , their powers have been eroded by the national parliament .
Some believe that a revitalisation of the British political system requires more devolution of power .
The main political parties in the UK Parliament had already agreed to the implementation of the Calman Commission proposals on further Scottish devolution and the offer of a referendum on further Welsh devolution .
However , in the final week of the Scottish independence referendum campaign , the three major parties in the UK Parliament agreed that , if the Scots voted ' no ' ( as they did ) , there would be an early transfer of substantial extra powers to the Scottish Parliament .
This is now the subject of fierce political debate because of the implications for the other nations , regions and cities in the UK and for the UK Parliament itself .
Meanwhile the planned exit of the UK from the European Union has further complicated the devolution debate , since there is fierce argument about whether the powers to be repatriated from the EU to the UK should be held by the government at Westminster or devolved to the administrations in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Indeed the current Scottish SNP Government is adamant that it wants to hold a second referendum on independence for Scotland , but the current British Conservative Government is totally opposed to this .
A wider franchise - At present , every citizen over 18 can vote but it has been suggested that the voting age should be lowered to 16 .
In the Coalition Government , the Liberal Democrats supported such an extension to the franchise but the Conservatives opposed it .
Meanwhile the Scottish Nationalist Government allowed 16 and 17 year olds to vote in the 2014 referendum on Scottish independence .
The current Government has committed to maintaining the current voting age .
- At present , every citizen over 18 can vote but it has been suggested that the voting age should be lowered to 16 .
In the Coalition Government , the Liberal Democrats supported such an extension to the franchise but the Conservatives opposed it .
Meanwhile the Scottish Nationalist Government allowed 16 and 17 year olds to vote in the 2014 referendum on Scottish independence .
The current Government has committed to maintaining the current voting age .
A wider process for selecting Parliamentary candidates - Today candidates are selected by meetings of members of the political party that the candidate will represent in a future election , but it has been proposed that the process could be opened up to anyone in the relevant constituency who has declared themselves a supporter of that party , a process something like the primaries in the United States .
- Today candidates are selected by meetings of members of the political party that the candidate will represent in a future election , but it has been proposed that the process could be opened up to anyone in the relevant constituency who has declared themselves a supporter of that party , a process something like the primaries in the United States .
A more modern culture for the Commons - Many of the traditions and much of the language of the Commons date back centuries and reformers argue that it is time for change to make the proceedings more accessible and acceptable to the public and electorate .
The sort of changes mooted are no ceremonial dress for Commons staff , reform of terms such as " My right honourable friend " , and a less gladiatorial version of Prime Minister 's Questions .
- Many of the traditions and much of the language of the Commons date back centuries and reformers argue that it is time for change to make the proceedings more accessible and acceptable to the public and electorate .
The sort of changes mooted are no ceremonial dress for Commons staff , reform of terms such as " My right honourable friend " , and a less gladiatorial version of Prime Minister 's Questions .
Limits on the Royal Prerogative -
At the moment , the Prime Minister alone can exercise powers which once used to belong to the monarch , such as the right to apppoint certain judges and bishops , the signing of international treaties , and the declaring of war , but this could be changed so that Parliament has to decide such matters .
- At the moment , the Prime Minister alone can exercise powers which once used to belong to the monarch , such as the right to apppoint certain judges and bishops , the signing of international treaties , and the declaring of war , but this could be changed so that Parliament has to decide such matters .
A domestic Bill of Rights - The UK has a Bill of Rights but it is the European Convention on Human Rights which , since 2000 , has been part of the domestic law and therefore enforcable in national courts as well as the European Court .
Some people believe that Britain should draft its own specific Bill of Rights .
A Bill of Rights Commission , chaired by Sir Leigh Lewis , met for 18 months to consider this matter and reported in December 2012 when it was utterly unable to reach any sort of consensus .
The current Conservative Government was elected on a manifesto which promised to " update the Human Rights Act ... to ensure that there is a proper balance between the rights of individuals ... and effective government " .
- The UK has a Bill of Rights but it is the European Convention on Human Rights which , since 2000 , has been part of the domestic law and therefore enforcable in national courts as well as the European Court .
Some people believe that Britain should draft its own specific Bill of Rights .
A Bill of Rights Commission , chaired by Sir Leigh Lewis , met for 18 months to consider this matter and reported in December 2012 when it was utterly unable to reach any sort of consensus .
The current Conservative Government was elected on a manifesto which promised to " update the Human Rights Act ... to ensure that there is a proper balance between the rights of individuals ... and effective government " .
Disestablishment of the Church of England -
It is argued that the UK population is no longer largely devoted to the Anglican faith and that , in multicultural Britain , it is wrong for one religious denomination to be privileged over others with automatic seats in the House of Lords for instance .
Therefore church and state should be totally separated .
Note : the opposite position is called " antidisestablishmentarianism ' which is one of the longest non-scientific words in the English language .
- It is argued that the UK population is no longer largely devoted to the Anglican faith and that , in multicultural Britain , it is wrong for one religious denomination to be privileged over others with automatic seats in the House of Lords for instance .
Therefore church and state should be totally separated .
Note : the opposite position is called " antidisestablishmentarianism ' which is one of the longest non-scientific words in the English language .
A written constitution - For historical reasons , the UK is one of only four countries in the world not to have a written constitution ( the others are Israel , New Zealand and Saudi Arabia ) .
The most radical proposal for constitutional change - supported especially by the Liberal Democrat Party - is that the country should now have a formal written constitution , presumably following some sort of constitutional convention and possibly a referendum .
" After Brexit we also need to look at the broader aspects of our constitution : the relationship between the Government , Parliament and the courts ; the functioning of the Royal Prerogative ; the role of the House of Lords ; and access to justice for ordinary people .
The ability of our security services to defend us against terrorism and organised crime is critical .
We will update the Human Rights Act and administrative law to ensure that there is a proper balance between the rights of individuals , our vital national security and effective government .
We will ensure that judicial review is available to protect the rights of the individuals against an overbearing state , while ensuring that it is not abused to conduct politics by another means or to create needless delays .
In our first year we will set up a Constitution , Democracy & Rights Commission that will examine these issues in depth , and come up with proposals to restore trust in our institutions and in how our democracy operates . "
ROGER DARLINGTON
Last modified on 8 May 2020
If you would like to comment on this essay e-mail me
If you would like me to speak on this subject contact me
For a comparison of the American and British political systems click here
For guides to the political systems of other nations click here
Back to home page click here
Ubisoft has revealed controversial new plans for anti-piracy measures on all its PC games .
Taking a leaf from the Steam and EA playbook , the European publisher has announced that all of its games will require online activation via an Ubi.com account .
The only trouble is , Ubi's gone a step further .
On one hand , the new DRM plans will let you install your Ubisoft games on as many computers as you like .
You will also be able to run games without a disc , and even save them remotely on Ubisoft 's servers .
The catch is that Ubisoft will require you to always be online when you play your games , in order to keep the products verified .
While many PC gamers have a persistent Internet connection , a significant amount do not , and the lack of offline play will surely snub a few customers .
The new measures are already generating a potential riot from the always - touchy PC gamer crowd who believe it's a stupid and presumptuous move to assume gamers are infinitely connected to the 'net .
What do you reckon ?
A bold and respectable move on the part of Ubisoft , or a misstep that will create a significant backlash ?
I 'll give Ubisoft one thing -- the company 's got some balls , even if it is lacking in the foresight department .
Ubisoft Launches Anti-Piracy Countermeasures [ GameSpy ]
are insects the first step in creating a.i.?
Turns out , insects have basic forms of intelligence and the path to thinking robots may be through emulating how their tiny minds work .
We do n’t like insects .
Besides their annoying and sometimes dangerous bites , alarming habits of carrying all sorts of diseases and bizarre body plans that seem to be completely alien compared to our familiar tetrapod arrangement , they also seem to be everywhere , trying to sink their mouthparts into just about everything , from our food to our flesh .
And when we try to control their populations , they quickly evolve resistance to most of our chemical weapons and carry on an usual .
Not even mass extinctions seem to bother them all that much .
But hey , at least they ’re just little eating machines which function solely by instinct , right ?
Well , actually , it just so happens that scientists working with a number of insects found that bugs have some basic intelligence and their discoveries are making us question whether bigger is necessarily better when it comes to brainpower .
Usually when we think about intelligence , we think of primates and cetaceans with large brains teeming with between 85 and 200 billion neurons .
However , we ’ve known for a while that not every neuron is necessary for consciousness and intelligent thought and only some circuits of the brain actually perform cognitive tasks .
So obviously , the bigger the brain , the more complex the cognitive circuits , the more elaborate the intellect and if whales had appendages could use tools the way we do , they ’d be building interstellar spaceships by now as their immense intellects drove them to explore the universe , right ?
In one of nature ’s curveballs , it turns out that things are n’t quite that simple .
Instead , large brains tend to have a lot of repetition of the same sets of neuron circuits .
And that does n’t necessarily equate to intelligence since all those repetitions are now thought to be needed to increase the amount of control large animals like us have over our bodies by enabling much more processing to be done for everything from fine motor skills to decision - making , kind of like a computer designed to perform more tasks may need more memory and CPUs .
But a small organism does n’t have so many cells to control and can fit some very elaborate mental circuitry in a pinhead sized brain .
Several hundred neurons give the ability to count .
A few thousand create sentient , and perhaps even sapient , thought .
If that ’s really the case , then it seems that we ’re barking up the wrong tree with cognitive computing concepts and AI projects .
Instead of trying to simulate huge numbers of neurons , then bragging about it as a step towards emulating real brainpower , we should focus on those individual circuits and model the brains of insects rather than mammals .
The results wo n’t be a charming humanoid intellect of science fiction but a working underpinning which can be used to build up more elaborate functions which we know exist in insects at some level but not to the extent it ’s present in our brains , like high level abstraction .
It would be a much more feasible project , something that could possibly be done on a high end laptop instead of giant and every expensive supercomputers .
Still , there will be a big question of how much of a leap would need to be made between being able to count and recognize faces ( something we can already program just about any robot to do ) , and performing complex analytical tasks .
This is where modeling an insect brain with just under a million neurons could help us by showing how these processes are done on a very fundamental level .
The next hurdle will be to determine whether we can take the results of our reconstructions and simulations and ramp them up .
Regardless of whether we could do that or not , we may learn something about the evolution of intelligence .
Mainly , we can ask if arthropod cognition — or in this case we should say hexapod since we ’re dealing with insects — fundamentally different from cognition that evolved in chordates like us , or are all brains just different incarnations of the same thing ?
I ’ve been trying to organize my thoughts about the iPad and the direction that Apple is taking computing along with it .
It ’s really an extension of the way they look at the iPhone , which I found unsettling at the time but with the iPad , we ’re all finally coming around to the idea that they really , really mean it .
I want to build software for this thing .
I ’m really excited about the idea of a touch - screen computing platform that ’s available for general use from a known brand who has successfully marketed unfamiliar devices to a wide audience .
( Compare this to , say , Microsoft ’s Tablet PC push that began in the mid-2000s and is … nowhere ? )
It represents an incredible opportunity , but I ca n’t get excited about it because of Apple ’s attempt to control who creates for it , and what they can create for it .
Their policy of being the sole distributor of applications , and even worse , requiring approval on all applications , is insulting to developers .
Even the people who have created Mac software for years are being told they can no longer be trusted .
I find it offensive on a very basic level , because I know that if such restrictions were in place when I was first learning to write software — mostly on Apple machines , no less — I would not have a career in the field .
Or if we had to pay regular fees to become a developer , use only Apple - provided tools , and could release only approved software through an Apple store , things like the Processing project would not have happened .
I can definitively say that any success that I ’ve had has come from the ability to create what I want , the way that I want , and to be able to distribute it as I see fit , usually over the internet .
As background , I ’m writing this as a long - time Apple user who started with an Apple ] [+ and later the original 128K Mac .
A couple months ago , Apple even profiled my work here .
You ’ll shoot your eye out , kid !
There ’s simply no reason to prevent people from installing anything they want on the iPad .
The same goes for the iPhone .
When the iPhone appeared , Steve Jobs made a ridiculous claim that a rogue application could “ take down the network . ”
That ’s an insult to common sense ( if it were true , then the networks have a serious , serious design flaw ) .
It ’s also an insult on our intelligence , except for the Apple fans who repeat this ridiculous statement .
But even if you believed the Bruce Willis movie version of how mobile networks are set up , it simply does not hold true for the iPad ( and the iPod Touch before it ) .
The $ 499 iPad that has no data network hardware is not in danger of “ taking down ” anyone ’s cell network , but applications will still be required to go through the app store and therefore , its approval process .
The irony is that the original Mac was almost a failure because of Jobs ’ insistence at the time about how closed the machine must be .
I recall reading about how the original Macintosh was almost nearly a failure , were it not for engineers who developed AppleTalk networking in spite of Steve Jobs ’ insistence of keeping the original Macintosh as an island unto itself .
Networking helped make the “ Macintosh Office ” possible by connecting a series of Macs to the laser printer ( introduced at the same time ) , and so followed the desktop publishing revolution of the mid-80s .
Until that point , the 128K Macintosh was largely a $ 2500 novelty .
For the amazing number of lessons that Jobs seems to have learned in his many years in technology , his insistence of control is to me a glaring omission .
It ’s sad that Jobs groks the idea of computers designed for humans , but then consistently slides into unnecessary lockdown restrictions .
It ’s an all - too - human failing of wanting too much control .
Only available on the Crapp Store !
For all the control that Apple ’s taken over the content on the App Store , it has n’t prevented the garbage .
Applications for jiggling boobs or shaking babies have somehow first made it through the same process that delayed the release or update of many other developers ’ applications for weeks .
Some have been removed , but only after an online uproar of keyboards and pitchforks .
The same approval process that OKs flashlight apps by the dozen and fart apps .
Obvious instances aside , the line of “ appropriate ” will always be subjective .
The line changed last week when Apple decided to remove 5,000 “ overtly sexual ” applications , which might make sense , but is instead hypocritical when they do n’t apply the same criteria to established names like Playboy .
Somebody ’s forgetting the historical mess of “ I know it when I see it . ”
It ’s an un-answerable dilemma ( or is that an enigma ? ) , so why place yourself in a situation of being arbiter ?
Another banned application was a version of Dope Wars , a game that dates back to the mid-80s .
Inappropriate ?
Maybe .
A problem ?
Only if children have been turning to lives of crime since its early days as an MS - DOS console program , or on their programmable TI calculators .
Perhaps the faux - realistic interface style of the iPhone OS tipped the scales .
The problem is that fundamentally , it ’s just never going to be possible to prevent the garbage .
If you want to have a boutique , like the Apple retail stores , where you can buy a specially selected subset of merchandise from third parties , then great .
But instead , we ’ve conflated wanting to have that kind of retail control ( a smart idea ) with the only conduit by which software can be sold for the platform ( an already flawed idea ) .
Your toaster does n’t need a hierarchical file system
Anyone who has spent five minutes helping someone with their computer will know that the overwhelming majority do n’t need full access to the file system , and that it ’s a no - brainer to begin hiding as much of it as possible .
The idea of the ipad as appliance ( and the iPhone before it ) is an obvious , much needed step in the user interface of computing devices .
( Of course , the hobbyist in me does n’t want that version , since I still want access to everything , but most people I know who do n’t spend all their time geeking out on the computer have no use for the confusion .
I ’m happy to separate those parts . )
And frankly , it ’s an obvious direction , and it ’s actually much closer to very early versions of Mac OS — the original System and Finder — than it is with OS X. Mac OS X is as complicated as Windows .
My father , also an early Mac user , began using PCs as Apple fell apart in the late 90s .
He has n’t returned to the Mac largely because of the learning curve for OS X , which is no longer head and shoulders above Windows in terms of its ease of use .
Surely the overall UI is better , clearer , and more thoughtfully put together .
But the reason to switch nowadays is less to do with the UI , and more to do with the way that one can lose control of their Windows machines due to the garbage installed by PC vendors , the required virus scanning software , the malware scanning software , and all the malware that gets through in spite of it all .
The amazing Steven Frank , co-founder of Panic , puts things in terms of Old World and New World computing .
But I believe he ’s mixing the issue of the device feeling ( and working ) in a more appliance - like fashion with the issue of who controls what goes on the device , and how it ’s distributed to the device .
I ’m comfortable with the idea that we do n’t need access to the file system , and it does n’t need to feel like a “ computer . ”
I ’m not comfortable with people being prevented by a licensing agreement , or worse , sued , for hacking the device to work that way .
It Just Works , except when It Doesn’t
The “ it just works ” mantra often credited to Apple is — to borrow the careful elocution of Steve Jobs — “ bullshit . ”
To use an example , if things “ just worked ” then I ’d be able to copy music from my iPod back to my laptop , or from one machine that I own to another .
If I ’ve paid for that music ( whether it ’s DRM - free or even if I made the MP3 myself ) , there ’s simply no reason that I should be restricted from copying this way .
Instead we have the assumption that I ’m doing something illegal built into the software , and preventing obvious use .
Of course , I assume that as implemented , this feature is something that was “ required ” by the music industry .
But to my knowledge , there ’s simply no proof of that .
No such statement has been made , and more likely , it ’s easier for Apple fans to use the “ evil music industry ” or “ evil RIAA ” as easier to blame .
This thinking avoids noticing that Apple has also demanded similar restrictions for others ’ projects , in a case where they actually have control over such matters .
Bottom line , when trying to save the music collection of a family member whose laptop has crashed is a great time , and it ’s only made better by taking the time to dig up a piece of freeware that will let me copy the music from their iPod back to their now blank machine .
The music that they spent so much money on at the iTunes Store .
Like “ do n’t be evil , ” the “ it just works ” phrase applies , or it does n’t .
Let ’s not keep repeating the mantra and conveniently ignoring the times when the opposite is true .
It ’s been a long couple of months , and it ’s only getting longer
One of the dumbest things that I ’ve seen in the past two months since the iPad announcement is articles that write about the device comparing it to other computers , and how it does n’t have feature x , y , or z .
That ’s silly to me because it ’s not a general purpose computer like we ’re used to .
And yes , I ’m fully aware of the irony of that statement if you take it too literally .
I am in fact complaining about what ’s missing from the iPad ( and iPhone ) , though it ’s about things that have been removed or disallowed for reasons of control , and do n’t actually improve the experience of using the device .
Now stop thinking so literally .
The thing that will be interesting about the iPad is the experience of using it — something that nobody has had except for the folks at Apple — and as is always the case when dealing with a different type of interface , you ’re always going to be wrong .
So what is it ?
I ’m glad you asked …
Who is this for ?
As Teri likes to point out , it ’s also important to note the appeal of this device to a different audience — our parents .
They need something like an iPhone , with a bigger screen , that allows them to browse the internet and read lots of email and answer a few .
( No word yet on whether the iPad will have the ability to forward YouTube videos , chain e-mails , or internet jokes . )
For them , “ it ’s just a big iPhone ” is a selling point .
The point is not that the iPad is for old people , the point is that it ’s a new device category that will find its way into interesting niches that we ca n’t ascertain until we play with the thing .
Any time you have a new device , such as this one , it also does n’t make a lot of sense .
It simply does n’t fit with anything that we ’re currently used to .
So we have a lot of lazy tech writers who go on about how it ’s under - featured ( it ’s a small computer !
it ’s a big phone ! ) or that it does n’t make sense in the lineup .
This is a combination of a lack of creativity ( rather than tearing the thing down , think about how it might be used ! ) and perhaps the interest of filling column inches in spite of the fact that none of these people has used the device , so we simply do n’t know .
It ’s part of what ’s so dumb about pre-game shows for sports .
What could be more boring than a bunch of people arguing about what might happen ?
The only thing that ’s interesting about the game is what does happen ( and how it happens ) .
I know you ’ve got to write something , but man , it ’s gonna been a long couple weeks until the device arrives .
It ’s Perfect !
I love it like it is .
There ’s also talk about the potential disappearance of extensions or plug - in applications .
While Mac OS extensions ( of OS 9 and earlier ) were a significant reason for crashes on older machines , they also contributed to the success of the platform .
Those extensions would n’t be installed if there were n’t a reason , and the fact is , they were valuable enough that it was the occasional sobs for an hour of lost work after a system crash to have them present .
I think the anti-extension arguments come from people who are imagining the ridiculous number of extensions on others ’ machines , but disregarding the fact that they badly needed something like Suitcase to handle the number of fonts on their system .
As time goes on , people will want to do a wider range of things with the iPhone / iPad OS too .
The original Finder and System had a version 3 too ( actually they skipped 3.0 , but nevermind that ) , just like the iPhone .
Go check that out , and now compare it to OS X .
The iPhone OS will get crapped up soon enough .
Just as installing more than 2 - 3 pages of apps on the iPhone breaks down the UI ( using search is not the answer — that ’s the equivalent of giving up in UI design ) , I ’m curious to see what the oft - rumored multitasking support in iPhone OS 4 will do for things .
And besides , without things like Windowshade , what UI elements could be licensed ( or stolen ) and incorporated into the OS .
Ahem .
I ’d never bet against people who tinker , and neither should Apple .
I have n’t even covered issues from the hardware side , in spite of having grown up taking apart electronics and in awe of the Heathkit stereo my dad built .
But it ’s the sort of thing that disturbs our friends at MAKE , and others have written about similar issues .
Peter Kirn has more on just how bad the device is in terms of openness .
One of the most egregious hardware problems is the device ’s connection to the outside world is a proprietary port , access to which has to be licensed from Apple .
This is n’t just a departure from the Apple ] [ days of having actual digital and analog ports on the back ( it was like an Arduino ! but slower … ) it ’s not even something more standard like USB .
But why would you artificially keep this audience away ?
To make a couple extra percent on licensing fees ?
How sustainable is that ?
Sure it ’s a tiny fraction of users , but it ’s some of the most important — the people who are going to do new and interesting things with your platform , and take it in new directions .
Just like the engineers who sneaked networking into the original Macintosh , or who built entire industries around extending the Apple ] [ to do new things .
Aside from the schools , these were the people who kept that hardware relevant long enough for Apple to screw up the Lisa and Mac projects for a few years while they got their bearings .
Enough …
I am not a futurist , but at the end of it all , I ’m pretty disappointed by where things seem to be heading .
I spend a lot of effort on making things , and trying to get others to make things , and having someone in charge of what I make , and how I distribute it is incredibly grating .
And the fact that they ’re having this much success with it is saddening .
It may even just work .
The Congressional Budget Office on Friday estimated that President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting '
MORE ’s plan to send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan likely will cost about $ 36 billion between 2010 and 2013 .
CBO estimated the costs of increasing the number of troops in and around Afghanistan from about 70,000 at the end of fiscal year 2009 to about 100,000 by July 2010 , averaging 85,000 personnel for fiscal year 2010 , according to CBO director Douglas Elemendorf .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The estimate assumes that the number of troops would begin to decline in August 2011 and that the additional personnel would be fully withdrawn by January 2012 , ” Elmendorf wrote in a letter to House Budget Committee Chairman Rep. John Spratt ( D - S.C. ) and the committee ’s top Republican , Rep . ( Wis . ) .
The Pentagon is also expected to soon request an additional $ 33 billion on top of the $ 130 billion in war funds Congress already approved for fiscal 2010 .
KABUL — On an Afghanistan trip shrouded in secrecy , U.S. President Barack Obama demanded accountability from the country ’s leaders , greater vigilance against corruption and better governing as he widens America ’s commitment to the 8 - year - old war he inherited and then dramatically escalated .
Obama said the U.S. would not quit in Afghanistan , but he made clear that he ’s looking for an end to direct involvement in the fight against Taliban and al - Qaida extremists .
He drove that point home in meetings with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his Cabinet in the capital , and in a speech before a cheering crowd of about 2,500 troops and civilians at Bagram Air Field north of Kabul .
At least 945 members of the U.S. military have died in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Uzbekistan as a result of the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in late 2001 , according to an Associated Press count .
The number of U.S. troops killed in Afghanistan has roughly doubled in the first three months of 2010 compared with the same period last year as Washington has added tens of thousands of additional soldiers to reverse the Taliban ’s momentum .
“ The United States is a partner but our intent is to make sure that the Afghans have the capacity to provide for their own security , that is core to our mission , ” Obama told the troops at Bagram , where he was greeted with thunderous applause .
The president , having changed from a suit coat to a leather Air Force
One flight jacket , said he would never send Americans abroad to fight unless there was a compelling threat .
He said a Taliban takeover of Afghanistan would put more Americans in danger .
“ The Afghans have suffered for decades , ” he said , “ decades of war but we are here to help the Afghans forge a hard - won peace . ”
Obama ’s speech to the troops , delivered in a cavernous tent known as the “ clam shell , ” was the final event on his brief , only hours - long trip that occurred entirely at night .
The trip , its secrecy forced by security concerns , was an extraordinary capstone to a momentous week in Obama ’s presidency .
He achieved the most ambitious domestic policy initiative in decades with a historic health care overhaul and scored first major foreign policy achievement with a significant new arms control treaty with Russia .
Obama ’s aides did not try to hide U.S. impatience about Afghanistan ’s halting efforts to battle corruption and cronyism in government .
“ The president ( Karzai ) needs to be seized with how important that is , ” said Jim Jones , Obama ’s national security adviser .
In public remarks at the presidential palace , Obama told Karzai and his cabinet that he was pleased with progress made since his last discussion with Karzai , by secure videoconference on March 15 .
Obama invited him to visit Washington on May 12 .
He also praised recent steps in the military campaign against insurgents .
But he stressed that Afghans need to see conditions on the ground get better .
“ Progress will continue to be made ... but we also want to continue make progress on the civilian front , ” Obama said , referring to anti-corruption efforts , good governance and adherence to the rule of law .
“ All of these things end up resulting in an Afghanistan that is more prosperous and more secure , ” he said after a brief meeting with Karzai .
Karzai promised that his country “ would move forward into the future ” to eventually take over its own security , and he thanked Obama for the American intervention in his country .
He told Obama he has begun to establish more credible national institutions on corruption and made clear he intends to make ministerial appointments more representative of the multiple ethnic and geographic regions of the country , according to a U.S. account of the meeting .
The U.S. also wants Karzai to cut the flow of money from poppy production and drug trafficking that is sustaining the insurgency .
Moreover , the U.S. is pressing him to create an effective , credible judicial system and to halt cronyism and rewards for warlords in government hiring .
Both of Karzai ’s vice - presidents are former warlords whose forces allegedly killed thousands of people in the civil war of the 1990s that paved the way for the rise of the Taliban .
The White House insisted that Karzai ’s Cabinet participate in most of the meetings with Obama .
The Cabinet includes a number of ministers favoured by the U.S. , including the heads of finance , interior and defence , whom the Obama administration wants to empower as a way of reducing the influence of presidential cronies .
Some talented Afghan administrators have complained that Karzai marginalized them in an attempt to solidify his powers .
“ This is something that simply has to be done . , ” Jones said .
“ We have to have the strategic rapport with President Karzai and his cabinet to understand how we are going to succeed his year in reversing the momentum the Taliban and the opposition forces have been able to establish since 2006 . ”
The Afghan government has tried to tackle corruption in the past with little success but Karzai pledged after fraud - marred August elections to rein in graft by making officials declare their assets and giving the country ’s anti-corruption watchdog more power to go after those accused of misusing their office .
This month he gave more powers to an anti-corruption body — the High Office of Oversight and Anti-Corruption — including the authority to refer cases to court and act as prosecutor .
The nongovernmental organization Transparency International last year ranked Afghanistan 176th out of 180 countries in its annual poll that assesses the degree to which corruption is perceived to exist among public officials and politicians .
The only countries ranked lower were Haiti , Iraq , Myanmar and Somalia .
Obama landed in Afghanistan after an overnight flight from Washington .
He flew by helicopter from Bagram Air Field to the capital and then back to Bagram for his second stop in a war zone as commander in chief , coming about a year after a similarly secretive trip to Iraq .
He arrived in Kabul just two days after a threatening new audio message from al - Qaida leader Osama bin Laden , believed to be hiding along the ungoverned border between Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The White House made no advance announcement of the visit , which officials said had been long desired by the president but delayed by weather and other logistical obstacles .
Initially , the White House said Karzai had been informed of Obama ’s impending visit just an hour before his arrival .
But Obama ’s press secretary , Robert Gibbs , said later that the Afghan government was told about the trip on Thursday .
In December , Obama ordered 30,000 additional forces into the fight against the Taliban , which lost control of the country when the U.S. invaded in 2001 .
Those new U.S. troops are still arriving and most are expected to be in place by summer , for a full force of roughly 100,000 U.S. troops .
There were about 34,000 when Obama took office .
The war is unpopular with a majority of Americans , especially progressives in the base of Obama ’s Democratic Party .
This was reflected in Obama ’s new Afghanistan strategy .
He combined the large buildup — his second to the Afghanistan force in less than a year as president — with a call to start bringing troops home in July 2011 , just a year after the full contingent is in place .
Read more about :
After tabulating all the vulnerabilities published in Microsoft 's 2009 Security Bulletins , it turns out 90 percent of the vulnerabilities can be mitigated by configuring users to operate without administrator rights , according to a report by BeyondTrust .
As for the published Windows 7 vulnerabilities through March 2010 , 57 percent are no longer applicable after removing administrator rights .
By comparison , Windows 2000 is at 53 percent , Windows XP is at 62 percent , Windows Server 2003 is at 55 percent , Windows Vista is at 54 percent , and Windows Server 2008 is at 53 percent .
The two biggest exploited Microsoft applications also fare well : 100 percent of Microsoft Office flaws and 94 percent of Internet Explorer flaws ( and 100 percent of IE8 flaws ) no longer work .
This is good news for IT departments because it means they can significantly reduce the risk of a security breach by configuring the operating system for standard users rather than an administrator .
Despite unpredictable and evolving attacks , companies can very easily protect themselves or at least reduce the effects of a newly discovered threat , as long as they 're OK with their users not installing software or using many applications that require elevated privileges .
" We believe that running users as standard users is good for Windows , the ecosystem , and all of our users , " Paul Cooke , Director Windows Client Enterprise Security , told Ars .
" Configuring users as standard users enables parents to more securely share family computers with their children and enterprise administrators to configure standard user accounts for employees , lowering TCO and improving security .
It is our hope that with the help of UAC that ISVs will continue to adapt their software to work well with standard user rights . "
In total , 64 percent of all Microsoft vulnerabilities reported last year are mitigated by removing administrator rights .
That number increases to 81 percent if you only consider security issues marked Critical , the highest rating Redmond gives out , and goes even higher to 87 percent if you look at just Remote Code Execution flaws .
Microsoft published 74 Security Bulletins in 2009 , spanning around 160 vulnerabilities ( 133 of those were for Microsoft operating systems ) .
The report , linked below , has a list of all of them , which software they affect , and which ones are mitigated by removing admin rights .
The mother of an Australian man linked to the assassination of a militant leader in Dubai says the photo in the passport used to name him as a suspect is not his .
Joshua Daniel Bruce is one of three Australians named among 15 suspects in the killing of senior Hamas figure Mahmud al - Mabhuh in Dubai last month .
Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said it was believed Mr Bruce , Adam Korman and Nicole McCabe , all Victorians who live in Israel , were not involved in the murder .
" Preliminary analysis by the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) together with the Australian Passport Office shows that the three Australian passports appear to have been duplicated or altered , " he said .
" At this stage Australian officials have no information to suggest the three Australian passport holders were involved in any way other than as victims of passport or identity fraud . "
Mr Bruce 's mother , Sarah Bruce , fears her son , who lives in Jerusalem , may be the subject of reprisal attacks , but she hopes people realise he has been the victim of identity theft .
" I am fearful , but hopefully everyone will see that it is fraud , " she said from Melbourne .
" It 's not his photo in the pictures they 're flashing around everywhere . "
She also said it was not his date of birth or signature in the Australian passport .
Ms Bruce said she was " totally shocked " when the Federal Government rang her early this morning to tell her that her son had been linked to the murder .
" Never , never , he 's not that type , " she said .
She said she had spoken briefly to Mr Bruce , who had no idea he had been implicated .
" He was unaware of everything that was going on , " she said , adding that her son had lived for seven years in Jerusalem , where he was studying Judaism .
Bilateral relationship under pressure
Mr Smith has warned Israel that its relationship with Australia could be damaged if evidence is found it was involved in forging Australian passports .
Dubai police say the killing was almost certainly an Israeli hit .
Israel 's ambassador to Australia Yuval Rotem was summoned to Parliament House in Canberra for a brief meeting with Mr Smith .
" I 've made it crystal clear to the ambassador that if the results of that investigation cause us to come to the conclusion that the abuse of Australian passports was in any way sponsored or condoned by Israeli officials , then Australia would not regard that as the act of a friend , " Mr Smith said .
Mr Smith said he expected a response from Israel but did not know when that might be .
The Israeli foreign minister has said there is no proof his country carried out the killing .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has vowed the Government will " get to the bottom " of the case .
Australian passport officials have been in touch with the three Australians .
Passports become political
Meanwhile , Opposition Leader Tony Abbott says he wants to know why the Government has not ensured that Australia 's passport system is more secure .
But Mr Smith says Mr Abbott should not seek to score political points over the matter because the passports in question were issued in 2003 .
" Last time I looked , in 2003 you were a minister in a previous government , " Mr Smith told Mr Abbott .
" You were ... a member of the executive which oversaw the issuing of that passport .
" You should think very carefully before you speak on these matters . "
- ABC/AAP
The ' Trump effect ' took the stage
The ' Trump effect ' took the stage
Athletes had one simple message after chaotic debate
Athletes had one simple message after chaotic debate
Are there naked pictures of snookie from jershey shore send link plz
Still have questions ?
Get your answers by asking now .
( This post previously occurred at The White House blog )
The last few days have brought even more evidence that the health care status quo is working out great for the insurance companies – at the same time as it continues to fail American families and businesses .
No wonder the insurance companies are spending millions and millions of dollars to block reform .
On Wednesday , a leading insurance broker laid out in clear terms what many Americans could already guess : the insurers ’ monopoly is so strong that they can continue to jack up rates as much as they like – even if it means losing customers – and their profits will continue to soar under the status quo .
Speaking about the lack of competition – a key target of reform – broker Steve Lewis told investors on a conference call organized by Wall Street giant Goldman Sachs :
“ Not only is price competition down from year ago ( when we had characterized last year ’s price competition as being down from the prior year ) , but trend or ( healthcare ) inflation is also up and appears to be rising .
The incumbent carriers seem more willing than ever to walk away from existing business resulting in some carrier changes … ”
What does it mean when the insurance companies “ walk away ? ”
It means more and more American families forced to choose between the mortgage and health care bills .
It means being hospital visit away from certain bankruptcy .
And for Mr. Lewis ’s clients – business owners – it means not being able to do the right thing for their employees .
Asked about the rate increases we ’ve all been hearing so much about , Lewis said :
“ I ’d say we settled in a range , on our book of business , from a 5 percent reduction to a 50 percent increase .
But generally speaking , we were in the low - to mid-teens , and this is where the real challenges begin . ”
Lewis then went on to answer questions about what reform would mean for the scores of businesses across the country who are being priced out of insurance because of lack of competition among carriers .
He found that employers agree with the goals and urgency of health insurance reform :
“ I think most people would acknowledge that there ’s a need for healthcare reform , employers continue to be very frustrated .
So when they look at what the Obama administration and the Democratic Majority state as their goals to increase access and lower cost and rail at what may be termed oligopolistic behavior of carriers in certain markets , I think employers really buy into that message and have much of that frustration and anger at our lack of solutions . ”
Lewis ’s conference call followed on the heels of another eyebrow - raising analysis from Wall Street ( PDF ) .
You remember Wellpoint , the massive insurance company behind the 39 - percent rate increases in California .
Well , according to a recent study by Wall Street investment bank Cowen & Co. finds that “ Wellpoint would be a primary beneficiary ” if reform fails .
The Washington Post explains that Wellpoint ’s business model is focused on the individual and small - group market where most of the egregious rate - hikes and abuses take place .
So enacting reform – with its protections against unreasonable rate increases and guarantees that more of your money will go toward care , not profits – would mean that Wellpoint and others like it would have to change their ways .
Which , of course , is what reform is all about .
It ’s time to get this done .
Dan Pfeiffer is White House Communications Director
The inspiration behind this series is the Thracian Gladiator Spartacus , who led a slave uprising against the Roman Republic .
The Thracians had been persuaded by Claudius Glaber to serve as auxiliaries in the Roman legions in a campaign against the Getae , who had often plundered Thracian lands .
However after Glaber reneges on the deal and switches his attentions from the Getae to attack Mithridates in Asia Minor , the Thracians feel betrayed and mutiny .
Captured by Glaber , Spartacus is condemned to death as a Gladiator , whilst his wife Sura is condemned to slavery .
Spartacus , however , proves to be a formidable gladiator , and defeats the four gladiators tasked with executing him .
He becomes a favorite of the crowd , leading Senator Albinius to commute his death sentence to a life of slavery .
Spartacus is purchased by Batiatus for gladiator training , who promises to help him find Sura if he proves himself in training .
As the series develops , the story follows the betrayals and machinations .
.. Written by WellardRockard
He said some states did not ask their testing contractors to generate an erasure analysis , while others did receive them but did not use them .
One problem , experts said , was asking school systems to police themselves , which often requires the kind of independent oversight set up in Georgia .
The state Department of Education is led by an elected superintendent , Kathy Cox , but the governor , Sonny Perdue , controls a separate Office of Student Achievement , which has auditing powers .
It was the Office of Student Achievement that conducted the erasure study , not the Education Department .
Even states that have weathered widespread cheating scandals do not necessarily follow up with regular statistical monitoring .
In 2005 , after an investigation by The Dallas Morning News pointed to extensive cheating in Texas , the state hired Caveon Test Security , a Utah company that improves testing procedures , to conduct what the company calls “ forensics analyses ” of answer forms .
But the company was not retained to do yearly monitoring , said John Fremer , Caveon ’s president .
Caveon ’s forensics analyses use several methods of detecting cheating , screening not only for erasures but improbable increases or decreases in scores , individual students whose performance swings widely from year to year , patterns where multiple students share the same wrong answers and other anomalies .
Erasures alone only indicate certain types of misconduct , as when answers are changed after a test .
Other methods , Mr. Fremer said , flag other types of cheating , like filling in the remaining answers on an incomplete form .
States that are not checking answers with such forensic measures cannot use the excuse that they are new , said Walt Haney , a senior researcher at the Center for the Study of Testing , Evaluation and Educational Policy at Boston College .
Using statistics to detect cheating on standardized tests dates back to the 1920s , and erasure analyses are practically as old as filling in bubbles on answer forms with a No. 2 pencil .
Target the right people and companies
Zero in on the right prospects and decision - makers .
Easily save lists of target accounts and leads and get notified of new matches .
About
A Danish relative who speaks excellent but slightly exalted English once called me " ambassador to computers " when asking for tech support .
Computers need sweet - talking and I bring the honey .
All the major orthopedics makers sell these devices .
Several companies said in statements that the implants did not pose a significant risk and that the incidence of metal debris problems was extremely low .
For example , Zimmer Holdings , one of this country ’s biggest producers of artificial joints , said in a statement that published data “ suggests that ion release levels from Zimmer ’s metal - on - metal hip systems are commensurate with other metal - on - metal systems in the industry , and are not associated with significant risk to patients . ”
But some surgeons are concerned that they may only now be seeing the leading edge of a mounting problem .
The current generation of metal - on - metal devices is still relatively new , having been used increasingly over the last decade .
Studies show that the devices can shed atomic - size particles of metals like chromium and cobalt that can be readily absorbed by tissue or enter the bloodstream .
Surgeons at Rush University Medical Center have performed about two dozen replacement procedures because of metal debris over the last year , said Dr. Joshua J. Jacobs , the head the orthopedic surgery department there .
A similar number of patients have had metal - on - metal hips removed at the Mayo Clinic , according to Dr. Daniel J. Berry , Mayo ’s head of orthopedic surgery .
Dr. Berry added that surgeons at the Mayo Clinic had reduced by 80 percent their use of metal - on - metal implants over the last year in favor of those made from other materials , like combinations of metal and plastic .
Other doctors said that to be cautious they were also scaling back their use of the all - metal implants until the scientific evidence became clearer .
It is not clear whether some makers ’ devices are more prone to the debris problem than others .
But some experts argue that some manufacturers , in a rush to meet the demand for metal - on - metal devices , marketed some poorly designed implants and that some doctors fail to properly implant even well - designed ones .
Caption : Dune symmetry on Mars. Credit : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
It is so wonderful to see the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter back in action , especially our favorite camera , the High - Resolution Imaging Science Experiment , or HiRISE .
The HiRISE team released some of their latest images this week , and they are particularly stunning , including this one of symmetrical dunes in a small crater in Noachis Terra , west of the giant Hellas impact basin .
Alfred McEwan , from the HiRISE team and the University of Arizona says the dunes here are linear , and are thought to be created due to shifting wind directions .
In places , each dune is remarkably similar to adjacent dunes .
The linear dune fields on Mars are similar to the ones seen on Titan , although not quite as large .
The debris between the dunes are large boulders .
More images below , but on another note , HiRISE Twitter notes there will be a “ big announcement ” on Wednesday , January 20 .
A major discovery ?
Mission extension ?
Website redesign ?
Stay tuned .
This jaw - dropping beauty accompanied a press release announcing that 21 articles from HiRISE made up the entire contents of a special January issue of the journal Icarus .
The papers analyzed Martian landforms shaped by winds , water , lava flow , seasonal icing and more .
This view shows color variations in bright layered deposits on a plateau near Juventae Chasma in the Valles Marineris region of Mars .
This almost looks like etchings on Mars ’ surface , and they are very strange landforms indeed .
McEwan notes that materials appear to have flowed in a viscous manner , like ice , here on the floor of Hellas Basin .
Viscous flow features are common over the middle latitudes of Mars , but those in Hellas are especially unique , for unknown reasons .
This is a beautiful shot of frost covered dunes inside a crater .
The HiRISE team says that on the floor of this crater where there are no dunes , the ice forms an uninterrupted layer .
On the dunes however , dark streaks form as surface material from below the ice is mobilized and deposited on top of the ice .
In some cases this mobile material probably slides down the steep face of the dune , while in other cases it may be literally blown out in a process of gas release similar to removing a cork from a champagne bottle .
Recent impact crater .
Credit : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
This impact crater could be relatively new , as it does not appear in images taken by the Viking Orbiters in 1976 .
McEwan said the HiRISE team suspects that the crater is more than several decades old , however , “ because at full resolution we see a textured surface that is common in dust - mantled regions of Mars , but absent in the youngest craters . ”
While it could have been created recently , the other explanation is that there may have been more dust on the surface in 1976 or the air may have been hazy , obscuring the crater .
Click on each of the images for access to the higher resolution versions , or go directly to the HiRISE website .
Six Strings At Sunset Set For AprilThe Kidney Foundation of the Greater Chattanooga Area and 107.9 The Duke are hosting the 8th annual Six Strings at Sunset on April 7 .
This acoustic concert showcases country music artists that are not only performers , but songwriters as well .
This year , the Tivoli Theatre again will house the award - winning singers and songwriters , which include Richie McDonald , formally with Lonestar , Larry Stewart of Restless Heart , Bryan White , Katie Armiger and Jeremy McComb .
Review for Richie McDonald : Richie McDonald has long been one of music 's most accomplished and wide - ranging talents .
Recognized as one of country 's best singers , he was the face and voice of Lonestar , ranked among the genre 's preeminent groups .
A polished and engaging entertainer , he was the focal point of the group 's storied touring career .
As one of the industry 's most successful songwriters , he has penned some of the era 's most memorable songs and earned a mantle full of awards and nominations .
Hits include I ’m Already There , Amazed , Mr. Mom , Coming Home , My Front Porch Looking , and many more .
Review for Larry Stewart : Larry Stewart is best known for his role as lead singer of country band Restless Heart .
Restless Heart charted 18 Top 40 singles on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles and Tracks chart including six Number Ones .
Hits include The Bluest Eyes In Texas , That Rock Wo n’t Roll , Why Does It Have to Be ( Wrong or Right ) , I 'll Still Be Loving You , among others .
Review for Bryan White : Bryan
White has been a strong force within the country music industry for over two decades .
He has charted 17 singles on Billboard 's Country Charts , had six number one singles , two platinum records , two gold records , he joined forces with Shania Twain and together they took From This Moment
On all the way up to number four on Billboard 's Hot 100 Chart .
He has garnered several awards for himself , including a Grammy , a CMA Horizon Award , and an ACM Top Male Vocalist award among them .
And , with his songwriting , he helped several other artists climb the charts ; Sawyer Brown and Diamond Rio both got in the top five with songs co-written by White and Wynonna , Joe Diffie , LeAnn Rimes and Lila McCann all recorded songs he co-wrote .
However , despite all of his music successes , it is an award from outside of the music arena that is probably the best indicator of who White really is ; People Magazine named him one of their “ 50 most beautiful people ” in the world and everyone who knows him finds it easy to understand why .
Review for Katie Arminger : Newcomer Katie Armiger 's powerful vocals and skillful songwriting are clearly showcased on her new music .
At the ripe age of 18 , Katie does not hold back and has an inspiring combination of determination and passion that shines through in her music .
Her current breakthrough album was created by Katie along with some of Nashville ’s elite songwriters that have written songs for Reba McEntire , Willie Nelson , Trisha Yearwood and many more .
Review for Jeremy McComb : Singer / Songwriter , Jeremy McComb got his start as a writer and tour manager for Larry The Cable Guy .
With that start , doors opened up for Jeremy to pursue his passion for music and gain radio play for his music .
His most recognized songs include This Town Needs A Bar , Wagon Wheel , and Cold .
Jeremy continues to have a powerful , yet humorous , presence on stage and will deliver a performance that guarantees fun .
Six Strings at Sunset will be April 7 starting at 7:30 p.m. at the Tivoli Theatre .
Tickets are $ 30 for priority seating and $ 25 all other seats .
Reserve tickets now by calling 642 - TIXS .
VIP Packages are available by calling 265-4397 .
All money raised will go directly to benefit kidney patients in the greater Chattanooga area .
Willie Nelson Tickets are available in the market on very competitive prices by Sold Out Ticket Market
" PayPal is a fucking liar , a cheat and a thug , " says Cryptome operator John Young .
The eBay - owned payment service closed the Cryptome account last week , with over $ 5,000 of donations intended for Young in limbo .
Last night Anuj Nayar , PayPal 's global director of communications , told us by email that Cryptome 's account had been restored , but evidence provided by Young contradicts this .
Screenshots of the Cryptome PayPal account show Young cannot withdraw money , but can only return donations to donors to the whistleblower website .
" I can confirm that all funds associated with Cryptome have been released , " said Nayar .
Screenshots clearly show the Cryptome account unable to transfer money to another account .
Young has refunded donors from his own pocket .
With reasoning worthy of a Kafka plot , PayPal told Cryptome it could n't provide a reason for shutting down the account .
" In accordance with our Privacy Policy , we cannot share any specific information regarding this Account with you , " Young was told .
Cryptome 's PayPal account
Young has asked that PayPal provide " any information requested / subpoened of PayPal about me or my website from government , law enforcement , commercial or private parties " .
He told us : " Cryptome refunded about $ 5300 on March 5 , 2010 without action by PayPal while the account was frozen .
No funds have been withdrawn .
The account was , and is still , frozen except for the capability of making refunds which I chose to do to get the wad out of PayPal 's hands where PayPal could use them for its own purposes contrary to the purposes of the donors . "
Cryptome has recently published law enforcement liaison guides from companies including Microsoft , Facebook and PayPal . ®
The boycott of Israeli academics and academic institutions has always made me a little uneasy .
We all read books by Israeli academics that at their humanist best elucidate and inform , and at their racist worst reveal something about the Zionist zeitgeist .
I read Ha’aretz , Ynet and the Jerusalem Post on a daily basis – and communicate pretty regularly with Israelis through email ( the majority of whom admittedly , are anti-Zionists ) .
Despite all this , I do support the academic boycott .
The issue is very muddy , however .
The issue of academic boycotts has achieved renewed attention here in Beirut after a Beirut - based publishing house decided to translate Amos Oz ’s novel “ A tale of Love and Darkness . ”
Oz ’s books have previously been published in Arabic in both Egypt and Jordan , but the context is a little different here ; Lebanon is still at war with Israel and anti-normalization currents remain strong , as they should .
More recently , a professor at the American University of Beirut , Sari Hanafi , co-authored a book with two Israelis at Tel Aviv University – something that has angered many people here .
Lebanese civil society is currently organizing around the issue , which is an explosive one .
Hanafi appears to have made a poor decision .
Academia is usually a bastion of ( relative ) liberalism anywhere in the world .
A recent study helped explain why ; it ’s something to do with type - casting .
Opponents of the academic boycott of Israeli institutions can plausibly argue that Israeli academics mostly need our support and historically resist the jingoistic anti-intellectualism that runs rampant in Zionist society vis-à - vis non-Jewish human rights and anti-Zionism .
I am sympathetic to their arguments , which is why I have so much trouble with this issue .
But academia is easily segregated into different global disciples .
What I mean to draw attention to is the fact that engineers are not post - colonial scholars and vice versa .
That fact enables us to draw finer distinctions .
There is a straightforward case for boycotting Israeli engineers and others who directly enhance the occupation by , for instance , building unmanned drones .
These are not the cases I wish to discuss here .
Instead , I ’ll put forth a hypothetical case .
Dr. Z is an anti-Zionist history lecturer at an Israeli institute of higher learning who actively contributes to the delegitimization of Zionism through his research .
He feels strongly that Palestine / Israel ought to be one country and that Jewish privilege has no place in a modern democratic state .
He is , in every way , an ally to the cause for equal rights in Palestine / Israel .
So , why do I feel he should be boycotted ?
After a lot of thought and discussion with friends , I managed to identify two principles that offer a decision - making framework on the issue of academic boycott : coercion and parity .
Boycott is a coercive measure adopted to influence the behavior of different actors .
Because Israel is a democracy for Jews , it follows that Jewish people in Israel have an opportunity to correct the racist government policies of their government and society .
However , there is no evidence that most Israeli Jews have the desire to relinquish Jewish privilege in Palestine / Israel .
Many Israelis will decry the evils of occupation and military administration of a civilian population , but very few of those are actively willing to confront the extremists in their midst or in their government .
Therefore , our boycott effort is specifically aimed at making the lives of Israeli thought leaders more difficult , so that they can exert the democratic pressure that is their sole purview to bear .
It is this coercive element of BDS that compelled Avraham Burg to describe BDS as a form of violence .
I respectfully disagree with Burg ; Zionist Israelis can hardly be counted on to relinquish their racial privilege in the absence of pressure .
More importantly , BDS is an expression of Palestinian agency which is non-violent according to more traditional definitions of violence .
I hope the reader will forgive me for not attempting to define violence in this context .
The case of Dr. Z is resistant to the coercive component of our analysis .
As an anti-Zionist Israeli who actively contributes to undermining Zionism , his behavior already conforms to liberalism ’s standards , which are our standards .
I do not agree with those who argue that if Dr. Z is truly an anti-Zionist , he must leave Israel and all it stands for behind , like the awesome Ilan Pappe .
On the contrary , the Palestine / Israel I hope to see one day will rely on these people .
Nor does the argument that Dr. Z is a necessary casualty in a sledgehammer boycott , which by definition is all - encompassing , sit well with me .
The idea of collateral damage is inherently illiberal and immoral in my view .
This is where the parity principle can be engaged .
Much of the important revisionist ( post - Zionist ? ) scholarship that emerged in the past twenty years from Israel – which we rely on a great deal – emerged from an exclusivist Zionist state framework .
The archival material available to Israeli researchers is simply not available to Palestinian scholarship .
The Zionist state , through its institutions , has created a structural bias for Jewish scholarship in Israel .
Whether that material bias is employed by Dr. Z to undermine the state or not is irrelevant in this context .
Dr. Z is afforded access , exclusively because of his privileged role as an Israeli Jew .
That access is not available to scholars from the Islamic University in Gaza or Birzeit University in the West Bank , for instance .
The much more obvious restrictions on movement imposed by Israel on Palestinian scholars only underline my point here .
Forgetting the state of war that exists between Lebanon and Israel for a moment , let Dr. Hanafi travel abroad to promote his book with Israelis when he is capable of traveling abroad to promote a book with Palestinians from the occupied territories .
Let Dr. Z promote his anti-Zionist scholarship in tandem with his peers from Al - Azhar University in the Gaza Strip .
This is the principle of parity as I understand it .
Putting aside the theoretical framework , there are particulars which merit discussion .
When Benjamin Netanyahu presented his dissembling and obfuscatory vision for a ‘ two - state solution , ’ Bar Ilan University provided him with a platform for his dissembling and obfuscation .
The fact that Bar Ilan University embraced such an intellectually dishonest policy is important ( and my claim that Bar Ilan embraced the policy by providing a platform is debatable ) but not unique .
Academia is supposed to provide a safe haven for competing ( but illiberal ?
Harvard and Kramer ? ) ideas , and the free marketplace of collective idea adoption by laypeople acts as the litmus test by which all ideas ( and products ) are tested .
But I believe that the Zionist state has co-opted the intellectual legitimacy afforded by academia to its own ends .
One strong example of this was Ehud Barak ’s decision to upgrade the status of Ariel College , which sits in an illegal settlement , to Ariel University .
In that case , the military governor of the occupied territories made a political decision to enhance the prestige and increase the funding of an institute of higher learning for whatever reason – it ’s not important why he did it .
To its credit , the Israeli academy strongly protested Barak ’s decision .
I am making a personal judgment here that the reader may disagree with , that Israeli academic institutions are not independent of the Zionist states political aims and goals .
I believe that Israeli institutions of higher learning are actually Zionist institutions of higher learning partly as a result of structural issues ( funding , tenure , access , etc… ) , but also as a result of lived experience .
The daily lives of academics and the environments they exist in inform their scholarship .
In the case of Zionist Israel , that experience taints scholarship .
It is true that there are Neve Gordons in Israel , but their scarcity and marginalization in the dominant Jewish Israeli society reinforces rather than disqualifies my judgment .
Again , the reader may disagree here .
I mentioned earlier that we have relied on Zionist Israeli scholarship for our own understanding of history .
And it is true that Zionist Israeli scientists have provided crucial breakthroughs for the material advancement of humanity ; an Israeli woman – Ada Yonath – recently received the Nobel Prize in chemistry for her pioneering work in that field .
But the gains they have helped us make in medicine , technology , and numerous other fields are subordinated to liberal considerations .
Scientific research is already restricted by our ethics .
Psychology research , for instance , cannot expose subjects in a study to harm , construed broadly .
This was not exactly the case when Stanley Milgram conducted his experiments on human suffering and proximity , from which we learned a lot , but our societies have grown since then .
Israeli technology may one day cure me of cancer , but do I really want to live in world where those advancements are evaluated independently of the repressive regime in which they are realized ?
To sum up , I believe that there are two moral principles that compel us to boycott Israeli academia .
First , we seek to coerce Israeli thought leaders , a large portion of whom are academics , into behaving humanely towards their neighbors by more closely binding their individual activity to that of their state .
Second , we seek to enforce parity across scholarship .
The Zionist Israeli state is largely responsible for the extant disparities , and we are obliged to treat its academics in the same way .
Return to Famous Vampire Victims or Famous Zombie Victims
The above poster may seem fanciful today , but in ancient times zombies and vampires were frequently pitted against each other for the enjoyment of bloodthirsty spectators .
So which is more formidable ?
It 's a question I 'm commonly asked .
In the vernacular of boxing , here is the tale of the tape : Attribute Vampires Zombies Advantage Brain Highly Developed Barely Functional Vampires Eyes Night Vision Extreme Myopia Vampires Sense of Smell Above Average Exceptional Zombies Hearing Exceptional Impaired Vampires Jaws Powerful Vice - Like Zombies Nervous System Normal Capable of Repair Zombies Circulatory System Resilient Virtually Indestructible Zombies Strength Exceptional Powerful Grip Vampires Speed / Agility Advanced Stiff - Limbed , Slow Vampires
When vampires and zombies were pitted together in one - on - one combat , the vampire 's advantage in the areas of speed / agility and brain power would usually be enough to trump the zombie 's indestructibility .
But the zombic tendency to cluster together in large packs often spelled trouble for vampires when the two met out in the real world .
I always find clashes between the law , specifically equality laws , and the Church fun .
It really hammers home just how out of date and close minded religious leaders are .
The latest example comes from the UK , where Church groups are running scared or new proposed equality laws that would force them to equally consider sexually active homosexuals ( I should n’t be surprised that they are particularly concerned about “ sexually active ” homosexuals rather than all homosexuals given the clear hang ups religious organisations have with sex and sexuality ) and transsexuals .
Simon Sarimento asked in The Guardian :
Is this campaign just wanton scaremongering by religious extremists as a cover for retaining the right to irrational prejudice ?
Or is the government really trying to narrow existing law so as to curtail the exemptions from employment discrimination law to which religious organisations are entitled under the law ?
Interesting , no ?
Interesting not because the British Government is looking to clarify these laws ( some might say extend ) , but rather because the exemption for religious organisations in the Employment Equality ( Sexual Orientation ) Regulations Act 2003 existed in the first place .
The best part of this debate is , by some way , the statement issued by three Bishops on the matter for the Church of England .
The statement , entitled “ Churches must not face further restrictions ” could be a work of comedy genius , but instead it ’s a rambling , contradictory and bigoted response to a law that should do no more than provide equal rights .
Even the title is telling .
The Church sees this potential change as “ restrictive ” , despite the fact that any normal person would be hard pressed to describe the law as anything other than removing extant restrictions imposed by the Church .
Are they talking about the Church being restricted from imposing their own restrictions ?
If so , do they have any concept of just how ludicrous that sounds ?
As if that was n’t enough to make you dismiss them out of hand as a group of outdated hypocrites , they also throw in this :
At stake is how we , as a liberal democracy based on Christian values , strike the right balance between the rights and responsibilities of different groups to be protected from harassment and unfair discrimination and the rights of churches and religious organisations to appoint and employ people consistently with their guiding doctrine and ethos .
I think that ’s pretty clear .
On the one hand you have those fighting for “ the rights and responsibilities of different groups to be protected from harassment and unfair discrimination ” and on the other side you have the Church .
When that ’s the argument you ’re trying to make , there must a point where you look in the mirror and wonder why you want to discriminate against fellow human beings for no reason other than a 2,000 year old book tells you to ( or is it just because they fear change ) ?
Gale Sayers , the brightest of lights
Five seasons .
Sixty - eight games .
That ’s all it took for Gale Sayers to prove to everyone he was one of the greatest running backs in football history ( at the time only Jim Brown would have been argued to be in the same stratosphere ) .
Just five .
Comedy series in which Gary Bellamy tries to pin down what it means to be British .
Gary asks what we can do about the rising levels of crime in modern society .
Comedy .
Award - winning radio phone - in host Gary Bellamy tries to pin down exactly what it means to be British .
Gary asks what we can do about the rising levels of crime in modern society .
Small builder , the fiercely non-Muslim Martin Hole , reckons we need to adopt his version of sharia law , whereas self - appointed Muslim community leader Mr Khan reckons we need his version .
Controversial radio phone - in host , Steve Goodall , blames the liberals for metaphorically breaking into our homes and taking a metaphorical dump on the carpet .
Victim of crime , Baal , on the other hand , blames the criminals .
Self - styled druid , Jason Laughing - Waters , has completely rejected out western consumer - based life style and embraced a philosophy of spirituality and heavy drug use .
I had a great weekend , thanks for ­asking .
A bunch of like - minded souls and I got together in a frosty square in central London and took a massive overdose .
Now , I should add at this point that I have not joined an extreme Christian cult ( I could n't – the Christian bit would upset my ­parents too much ) , and , as you can guess from the fact that I am writing this , the overdose was unsuccessful .
I was at one of the many " mass homeopathic overdoses " taking place around the country to prove that homeopathy has as much effect on one 's health as ­being hit in the face with a twig .
Whereas many of my fellow overdosers were protesting against the availability of homeopathic remedies at Boots , this does n't bother me so much .
If I felt outrage at the thought of Boots selling something that did n't live up to its promises , I 'd have taken to the streets over several moisturisers years ago .
( " Really ?
Literally reverse time ? " )
What does offend me , though , is that this stuff is available on the NHS .
As a vegetarian who has been known to go to a fashion show and a yoga class in her time , I might seem a likely ­candidate for slapping on the arnica .
But I feel about homeopathy the way Sarah Palin feels about climate change : shock that anyone in the modern world is daft enough to believe this rubbish .
If I go to a fashion show or a yoga class , chances are I 'll get a return on my investment : I 'll see some fashion or I 'll do some yoga .
Buy a homeopathic remedy and will I be remedied ?
Maybe .
But probably not .
And unlike fashion shows , homeopathic treatments are available on the NHS , at a cost of £ 4 m a year .
This may seem a lot to anyone who has never been in a health food store ; anyone who has will be saying , " They must have got one heck of a discount – honestly , last time I went in there to stock up on extract of cranberry , CQ10 vitamins and selenium supplements it cost me seven gajillion pounds . "
A senior nurse makes at most £ 25,000 a year .
Because I have n't been taking my Omega 3 supplements as regularly as I no doubt should , I can't work out how many more nurses the health service would be able to afford if it passed on the pollen extract without my brain exploding .
But hopefully not for much longer .
Next week a House of Commons select committee is publishing its findings on the use of ­homeopathy in the NHS .
If this should turn out to be ­anything other than " please stop " , I shall be tempted to pull a Billy Bragg and refuse to pay my ­income tax .
Inevitably , the homeopaths have been fighting their corner with a ­tenacity that belies their reliance on ­ineffective nutritional supplements and there has been much talk in the press about the value of garlic , ­cranberries and what have you .
Here , the ­homeopaths do n't actually help their case ­because cranberries / goji ­berries / insert name of this month 's trendy fruit are very ­unlikely to be present in the final ­product because it has been so heavily diluted .
Instead , homeopaths claim that the active ingredient imprints itself on the water 's memory by a very special shaking ­process , a theory that sparks two obvious questions : if water has memory , does that mean vegetarians are n't allowed to drink it ?
And is this special shaking process similar to a ­toilet flushing ?
Because if so , ­presumably all drinking water must carry ­cherished memories of several generations of sewage .
Pass the Evian .
Homeopathy styles itself as the ­caring , natural side of healthcare , ­removed from dangerous chemicals and nasty pharmaceutical companies .
Quite how giving questionable hope with ­inflated price tags to people counts as caring or ­natural is never ­really ­explained .
That homeopathy is ­promoted by the likes of Prince Charles is reason enough to be sceptical of it .
In a revealing ­moment , Senator Tom Harkin , the man behind the ­National Center for Complementary and ­Alternative Medicine in the US , last year ­confessed that he was ­disappointed with the organisation he helped ­establish because " one of the purposes of this centre was to investigate and validate alternative approaches .
Quite frankly , I must say publicly that it has fallen short . "
Instead the NCCAM has been " disproving things rather than seeking out and approving things " .
So back to what we 'll call " Me and My Overdose " .
On the count of 10 we all knocked back bottles of ­homeopathic remedies .
In fact , we all overdosed five times for the sake of the ­newspaper ­photographers present and still ­remained unaffected .
But there was a good reason for that , claimed the two homeopaths who turned up to watch proceedings : it 's not the amount you take , it 's how long you take it for ­( making me wonder if this is just the length of time it takes for an illness to ease on its own ) ; and second , it did n't work ­because it was n't prescribed to us ­( making me wonder if it only works if someone has told you it will ) .
They also wheeled out – twice – the ­alleged fact that there are " 400,000 ­homeopathic doctors in India " , as though the proof was not so much in the pudding , but in there being a chef in the kitchen in the first place .
So in the name of science , I ­conducted an experiment .
That night , I took a sleeping pill .
I had n't been ­prescribed it , so presumably it should n't work .
But guess what ?
I went to sleep !
I pondered the wisdom of ­taking the whole bottle to see if this would make no difference to the result – as was the case with my bottle of arnica – but by then I was too tired to follow through .
Anyway , I 'd already taken one overdose that day .
The key to human individuality may lie not in our genes , but in the sequences that surround and control them , according to new research by scientists at the Stanford University School of Medicine and Yale University .
The interaction of those sequences with a class of key proteins , called transcription factors , can vary significantly between two people and are likely to affect our appearance , our development and even our predisposition to certain diseases , the study found .
The discovery suggests that researchers focusing exclusively on genes to learn what makes people different from one another have been looking in the wrong place .
" We are rapidly entering a time when nearly anyone can have his or her genome sequenced , " said Michael Snyder , PhD , professor and chair of genetics at Stanford .
" However , the bulk of the differences among individuals are not found in the genes themselves , but in regions we know relatively little about .
Now we see that these differences profoundly impact protein binding and gene expression . "
Snyder is the senior author of two papers -- one in Science Express and one in Nature -- exploring these protein - binding differences in humans , chimpanzees and yeast .
Snyder , the Stanford W. Ascherman , MD , FACS , Professor in Genetics , came to Stanford in July 2009 from Yale , where much of the work was conducted .
Genes , which carry the specific instructions necessary to make proteins do the work of the cell , vary by only about 0.025 percent across all humans .
Scientists have spent decades trying to understand how these tiny differences affect who we are and what we become .
In contrast , non-coding regions of the genome , which account for approximately 98 percent of our DNA , vary in their sequence by about 1 to 4 percent .
But until recently , scientists had little , if any , idea what these regions do and how they contribute to the " special sauce " that makes me , me , and you , you .
Now Snyder and his colleagues have found that the unique , specific changes among individuals in the sequence of DNA affect the ability of " control proteins " called transcription factors to bind to the regions that control gene expression .
As a result , the subsequent expression of nearby genes can vary significantly .
advertisement
" People have done a lot of work over the years to characterize differences in gene expression among individuals , " said Snyder .
" We 're the first to look at differences in transcription - factor binding from person to person . "
What 's more , by selectively breeding , or crossing , yeast strains , Snyder and his colleagues found that many , but not all , of these differences in binding and expression levels are heritable .
In the Science Express paper , which will be published online March 18 , Snyder and his colleagues compared the binding patterns of two transcription factors in 10 people and one chimpanzee .
They identified more than 15,000 binding sites across the genome for the transcription factor called NF - kB and more than 19,000 sites for another factor called RNA PolII .
They then looked to see if every site was bound equally strongly by the proteins , or if there were variations among individuals .
They found that about 25 percent of the PolII sites and 7.5 percent of the NF - kB sites exhibited significant binding differences among individuals -- in some cases greater than two orders of magnitude from one person to another .
( For comparison , the binding differences between the humans and the chimpanzee were about 32 percent . )
Many of these binding differences could be traced to differences in sequences or structure in the protein binding sites , and several were directly correlated to changes in gene expression levels .
" These binding regions , or chunks , vary among individuals , " said Snyder , " and they have a profound impact on gene expression . "
In particular , the researchers found that several of the variable binding regions were near genes involved in such diseases as type - 1 diabetes , lupus , leukemia and schizophrenia .
The researchers confirmed and extended their findings in the Nature paper , which will be published online March 17 .
In this study , they used yeast to determine that many of the binding differences and variations in gene expression levels in individuals are passed from parent to progeny , and they identify several control proteins that vary -- a study that would have been impossible to perform in humans .
" We conducted the two studies in parallel , " said Snyder , " and found the same thing .
Many of the binding sites differed .
When we mapped the areas of difference , we found that they were associated with key regulators of variation in the population .
Together these two studies tell us a lot about the so - called regulatory code that controls variation among individuals . "
The research in the Science Express study was supported by the National Institutes of Health , the European Molecular Biology Laboratory and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Medical Fellows Program .
The research in the Nature study was supported by the National Institutes of Health .
In addition to Snyder , other Stanford researchers involved in the two studies include postdoctoral scholars Fabian Grubert , PhD ; Minyi Shi , PhD ; and Manoj Hariharan , PhD ; and graduate student Konrad Karczewski .
The Redeemed mission to the United States represents perhaps the greatest test to date of these immense ambitions .
The church is still in its infancy here , with only around 15,000 active members , most of them Nigerians , but its goal is to make gradual inroads into the wider culture , at first aiming at members of immigrant groups — other Africans , Caribbeans , Latin Americans , Asians — and then moving on to African - Americans and whites .
They are filled with the confidence of miraculous faith , though they realize they are contending with cultural impediments .
“ Initially , it may be rough , ” says Pastor James Fadele , head of the church ’s operations in North America .
“ But some of our children grew up in America , and they are affiliated with the church , and they have white friends , they have African - American friends , they have Asian friends .
They will come to the church .
It ’s a matter of time . ”
Fadele has entrusted the task of increasing the number of Redeemed churches to Daniel Ajayi - Adeniran .
Reed - thin at 44 , the minister carries himself with the earnest conviction of someone who has already surmounted many obstacles .
He came to this country in 1995 , without a job or a place to live .
At first he slept in homeless shelters and subways until he landed a job at a Brooklyn car wash , where the owner let him bed down in a hallway .
He now presides over a parish with around 400 members and branches in other cities .
“ I believe that when there is raw power , when the lame come to church and can walk , when the blind can come and see . . . when things begin to happen like that , people will come , ” the pastor told me .
“ It ’s going to be very , very explosive . ”
THE BEST EVIDENCE OF THE REDEEMED CHURCH’S outsize aspirations , at least in this country , lies in the prairie lands of Hunt County , Tex. , about an hour northeast of Dallas .
Down a gravel road , past barns , a white clapboard Methodist church and flat fields of dark , freshly turned soil , a large brick - and - glass auditorium appears from behind grain silos .
A sign points the way to Redemption Camp , the church ’s North American headquarters .
From this unlikely base , in the course of less than a decade , the Redeemed have spawned nearly four hundred parishes .
Over the long term , church officials plan to develop the site as a mixed - use community , with homes , stores , a university , a commercial fish farm and perhaps even a water park .
In January , Ajayi - Adeniran traveled to Redemption Camp with other church leaders to celebrate the end of a month of fasting .
Several hundred people , most of them Nigerian , gathered in the auditorium for a service that began in the morning and went well past midnight .
It was televised live on the Internet for a global audience .
A succession of evangelists asked God to heal sickness , to keep the faithful from harm , to cancel debts “ supernaturally ” and , most of all , to multiply the ranks of the Redeemed .
Wearing a white linen jacket and clutching a crinkled Bible , Ajayi - Adeniran stood in the front row , hands raised and eyes closed , his head bobbing , his face fixed in an ecstatic grimace .
Even by the passionate standards of Africa , the Redeemed are renowned for the intensity of their prayer .
In Nigeria , it has been called “ the weeping church . ”
During services , members of the congregation will clap , whoop and break into glossolalia — speaking in tongues — which Pentecostals believe to be the verbal expression of the Holy Spirit .
They will collapse to the floor , burying their faces in the carpet , and writhe in the throes of divine communion .
“ I do n’t know how to explain it , ” Ajayi - Adeniran once told me when I asked him what he felt when he prayed .
“ There ’s a kind of aura that comes from above that envelops you . ”
It is this spiritual zeal that the Redeemed Church hopes to bring to Americans .
Though its successes so far are tentative and anecdotal , they appear to be real .
In my visits to many Redeemed churches in different parts of the country , I encountered non-Nigerians at every turn .
That night in January at Redemption Camp , I met an African - American woman named Della Faye Sowunmi .
A native of Indiana , Sowunmi is married to a Nigerian and was first exposed to the Redeemed by her sister - in - law .
“ I just was n’t getting what I was after spiritually in the Baptist Church , ” she said , explaining her conversion .
“ To watch people praise and worship like that , it touched my heart . ”
Our U.S. Congress causes most Americans of both parties intellectual trauma , emotional fits and mental anguish .
Every week , 545 individuals misdirect , obfuscate , cloud , suppress , deny or avoid dealing with serious issues facing our civilization .
Fact : they do n't solve much , but they do perpetuate most of our problems .
You might read a compelling piece , " 545 PEOPLE " by Charlie Reese that explains their profound disconnect with America , with her values , with her people and with the principles of the U.S. Constitution .
Reese said , " Politicians are the only people in the world who create problems and then campaign against them .
Have you ever wondered if both the Democrats and the Republicans are against deficits , why do we have deficits ?
Have you ever wondered , if all the politicians are against inflation and high taxes , why do we have inflation and high taxes ? "
Since 80 percent of the American people stand against both the Afghanistan and Iraq wars , why have those wars continued for nine years at a cost of $ 1 trillion and incredible loss of life and misery ?
It 's beyond the scope of rational thinking or logical reasoning .
Are those 545 crazy or are we crazy to keep electing them ?
Everything going wrong in America today stems from their decisions in Washington DC .
Yet , like lemmings , we continue voting them back into office .
Problems they have perpetuated : 1. 20 million Americans cannot secure a job .
( Source : Brian Williams , NBC ) 2. 35 million Americans subsist on food stamps .
( Source : " One in eight Americans living on food stamps : 35 million " , Huffington Post , 11/29/09 ) 3 . 13.4 million American children live in poverty .
( Source : Katie Couric , NBC ) 4. 20 million illegal aliens work and live in America in violation of U.S. laws .
( Source : www.cis.org;www.numbersusa.com)
5 . $ 12 trillion national debt .
6 . Influx of 2.4 million legal and illegal immigrants annually .
( Source : www.fairus.org ; www.thesocialcontract.com)
7 . Annual cost of immigrants to U.S. taxpayers : $ 346 billion .
( Source : Edwin Rubenstein Report , www.thesocialcontract.com)
8 . Millions suffering home foreclosures .
( Source : CNN ) 9 . $ 700 billion annual trade deficit .
( Source : Department of Commerce ) 10 .
Educational breakdown across the country with as high as 76 percent dropout rates in major cities like Detroit , Michigan .
( Source : Time Magazine , " Tragedy of Detroit " )
The list grows ; it does n't diminish .
It expands ; it gets worse .
The problems mount ; but the Congress fiddles .
LET US UNDERSTAND AN EXAMPLE OF AN INDIVIDUAL CONGRESSMAN
You may think that writing or calling your Congress critter would bring solutions , rational decision making , and use of common sense for the common good .
You would be wrong .
You will receive a form letter .
I wrote my Congressman Mike Coffman and two senators Mike Bennet and Mark Udall in Colorado .
I mentioned that we needed to change the annual 1.2 million legal immigrants down to 100,000 a year , which worked from 1924 to 1964 , in order to allow our civilization to become stable and sustainable .
We do not need to add another 100 million people to this country within 25 years , most of it via immigration .
Straight forward common sense !
Coffman wrote back , " I do not believe it is in the best interests to limit legal immigration to 100,000 individuals annually . "
" According to a study from the nation 's largest food bank operator , the number of Americans in need of food aid has jumped 46 percent in three years , including a 50 percent jump in the number of children needing food assistance , and a 64 percent increase in hunger in senior citizens ' homes , " said Daniel Tencer , journalist at < http://www.rawstory.com>www.rawstory.com
" The study , < http://feedingamerica.org/faces-of-hunger/hunger-in-america-2010.aspx>Hunger in America 2010 , found that 37 million people , or roughly one in eight US residents , received food aid in 2009 .
That 's a 46 percent jump from a similar survey carried out in 2006 . "
Coffman expressed the same thinking as the Pope when he condemned Galileo for observing that the earth revolved around the sun instead of vice versa .
Coffman showed ( s ) a complete lack of understanding that we 're already drowning in too many immigrants with 20 million illegals while adding 1.2 million legal immigrants annually - yet 20 million American citizens cannot obtain a job and another 35 million live on food stamps .
Then , we face horrendous environmental problems with carbon footprint , ecological footprint , water shortages , energy crisis and more .
That shows a HUGE disconnect from what our citizens face .
Next , I said that we need to stop giving away H - 1B and H - 2B visas because over 1.1 million IT workers in the USA suffer unemployment from the insourcing , offshoring and outsourcing of American jobs .
He wrote back , " While this may lessen the amount of people in our country , it will also place America at a competitive disadvantage moving forward .
For that reason , I do not support eliminating the H - 1B and H 2 - B Visas . "
Is he nuts or what ?
We suffer 1.1 million unemployed Americans IT workers BECAUSE of those H - 1B and H - 2B visas !
He gave a bunch of other inane excuses to move on several other points , as did Udall and Bennet .
I asked all of them to support International Family Planning which provides birth control for women of the world so they might bring down birthrates to two kids instead of having 10 kids that suffer starvation as do over 10 million children that die of starvation annually around the globe .
Obviously , that 's one of the reasons they flee to the USA for a " better life . "
( Source : World Health Organization )
He wrote back , " I oppose funding organizations which use taxpayer dollars to perform or fund abortions . "
Understand this Mr. Coffman : over 46 million desperate women choose abortions annually , as a secondary form of birth control , because they were n't given birth control through family planning organizations in the first place .
And , for those who did n't use birth control , a whopping 18 million humans die annually from starvation in overloaded countries .
No thanks to the Catholic and Islamic churches !
If Coffman , Udall and Bennet along with the other 532 people walking around Washington DC would get off their fat elitist / narcissistic butts , and take action for the good of our citizens - we would see results instead of worsening drama across our country and the world .
We really need to vote out most of the incumbent members of Congress and inject new blood , new thinking and workable solutions .
The current crop proves a rat 's nest of incompetence , corruption and neglect of our citizens .
_______ Frosty
Wooldridge has bicycled across six continents ­ from the Arctic to the South Pole ­ as well as six times across the USA , coast to coast and border to border .
In 2005 , he bicycled from the Arctic Circle , Norway to Athens , Greece .
He presents " The Coming Population Crisis in America : and what you can do about it " to civic clubs , church groups , high schools and colleges .
He works to bring about sensible world population balance at www.frostywooldridge.com
He is the author of : America on the Brink : The Next Added 100 Million Americans .
Copies available : 888 280 7715
' Amen , Brother ' : McCain and Palin Call for ' Peaceful Revolution ' Sarah Palin joins John McCain to campaign for the first time since 2008 .
March 26 , 2010 -- Sarah Palin appeared today with Sen. John McCain to urge Arizona voters to re-elect McCain and help lead a peaceful political revolution in the United States .
" There 's something going on out there , my friends , there 's something going on , and it's a revolution , " said McCain .
" It 's a peaceful revolution , but we 're going to take on this Obama Care . "
It was the first time the two have campaigned together since the former running mates lost the 2008 presidential election .
The pair slammed what Palin called the " lame stream media " for suggesting that disgruntled conservative activists might resort to violence and damage Republican chances in November .
" Let me clear the air right now , " said Palin .
" We might as well call it like we see it .
In respect to the Tea Party movement , the beautiful movement , everyone here today , we are all part of that movement .
. .
We are all that Tea Party movement . "
McCain predicted Republicans would win big in November .
" We 're going to take it on in the courts because it 's unconstitutional .
We 're going to take it on in the Senate .
We 're going to take it on in the streets .
We 're going to take it on in voter registration .
And my friends , we 're going to take it on November the 2nd when we take control of the House and the Senate . "
McCain and Palin made their remarks at a campaign rally in Tucson , Ariz ..
Campaign officials say McCain invited Palin , who is popular among conservative activists , to campaign by his side because he is being challenged on the Right in a Republican Senate primary by former Rep. J.D. Hayworth , R - Ariz .
The primary takes place Aug. 24 .
The audience , which appeared 3,000 strong , seemed to be very much a crowd for Palin and her remarks , garnering widespread live coverage on cable television .
Palin 's decision to stump for McCain has drawn criticism from some of her most conservative supporters who do not like the centrist reputation that McCain carved for himself during his 2000 presidential campaign and through part of the Bush years on issues such as tax cuts and comprehensive immigration reform .
Palin tried to address those concerns by portraying McCain as someone who has long been motivated by the " common sense conservative principles " touted by Tea Party activists .
In particular , the former Alaska governor praised McCain for opposing President Obama 's health care overhaul and stimulus package .
Palin also saluted McCain for urging Obama to listen to commanders on the ground and beef up the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan .
McCain and Palin Set to Appear Together Saturday
One issue which went conspicuously unmentioned was the fact that both McCain and Palin backed the Wall Street bailout during the 2008 presidential campaign .
Palin rejected the charge , from what she says is the liberal media , that Tea Party activists are " inciting violence because we happen to oppose something in the Obama administration . "
When a man in the audience shouted out " we do it with our votes , " Palin shouted back , " Amen , brother – that 's what you do it with , with your vote . "
Today 's McCain and Palin reunion comes just a few months after the senator was forced to defend his top 2008 campaign aides from criticism leveled at them in " Going Rogue , " Palin 's memoir .
McCain told Reuters in November , " I think it 's just time to move on .
There 's been a lot of dust flying around in the last few days , and I just wanted to mention that I have the highest regard for Steve Schmidt and Nicolle Wallace and the rest of the team . "
Following Friday 's event in Tucson , McCain and Palin are scheduled to stump together Saturday at a 12:00 p.m. ET rally in Mesa , Ariz .
Palin then heads to Nevada to take aim at Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev .
She 's the featured speaker at a Tea Party Express rally in Reid 's hometown of Search Light , Nev .
She then travels to Henderson , Nev. , where she will appear at an event with conservative commentator Ann Coulter .
ABC News ' Matt Loffman contributed to this report .
- video encodings still in process -
First vid of mine ..
i know it nots completely liveleak but its funny .
=) sorry about AVI - didnt realize it wasnt an flv
VC returns over the last decade have been poor .
The cause is widely agreed to be an excess of venture capital dollars to worthy startups .
Observers seem to universally assume that the solution is for the VC industry to downsize .
For example , Fred Wilson says about VC :
You cannot invest $ 25 bn per year and generate the kinds of returns investors seek from the asset class .
If $ 100 bn per year in exits is a steady state number , then we need to work back from that and determine how much the asset class can manage … .
I think “ back to the future ” is the answer to most of the venture capital asset class problems .
Less capital in the asset class , smaller fund sizes , smaller partnerships , smaller deals , and smaller exits
Similarly , Bill Gurley writes :
There are many reasons to believe that a reduction in the size of the VC industry will be healthy for the industry overall and should lead to above average returns in the future .
All of these analyses start with the assumption that aggregate venture - backed exits ( acquisition and IPOs ) will remain roughly constant .
I do n’t see why we need to accept that assumption .
The aggregate value of venture - backed startups , like all valuations , is a function of profits generated ( or predicted to be generated ) .
In technology , profits are driven by innovation .
I do n’t see any reason we should assume venture - backed innovation ca n’t be dramatically increased .
For example , innovation has varied widely across times and places – the most innovative region in the world for the last 50 years being Silicon Valley .
What if , say , Steve Jobs had n’t grown up in Silicon Valley ?
What if he had gone to work for another company ?
Does anyone really think Apple – and all the innovation and wealth it created – would exist if Jobs had n’t happened to grow up in a culture that was so startup friendly ?
Jobs is obviously a remarkable person , but there are probably 100 Steve Jobs born every year .
The vast majority just never have a chance or give a thought to starting a revolutionary new company .
Some people blame our education system , or assume that there is some fixed number of entrepreneurs born every year .
I think the problem is cultural .
As much as we like to think of our culture as being entrepreneurial , the reality is 99 % of our top talent does n’t seriously contemplate starting companies .
Colleges crank out tons of extremely smart and well - educated kids every year .
The vast majority go into “ administrative ” careers that do n’t really produce anything – law , banking and consulting .
Most of the rest join big companies .
As I ’ve argued many times before , big companies ( with a few notable exceptions ) are n’t nearly as successful as startups at creating new products .
The bigger the company , the more likely it suffers from agency issues , strategy taxes , and myopia .
But most of all : nothing is more motivating and inspiring than the sense of ownership and self - direction only a startup can provide .
Whenever I see a brilliant kid decide to join Goldman Sachs , McKinsey , or Google , I think to myself : a startup just died , and as a result our world is a little less wealthy , innovative , and interesting .
Posted on 12 March 2010 by Quaid
Up until now I was on the fence , but today ’s news made it official .
We ’ve gone too far .
James Cameron ’s latest opus , Avatar , has grossed over $ 2.6 billion dollars worldwide .
It ’s the most successful film in the history of successful films .
The studio has got to be pleased as punch , right ?
Well , kinda .
Seems those greedy bastards are whining about Alice in Wonderland taking away a bunch of Avatar ‘s 3D screens this past weekend …as if the blue - people - extravaganze did n’t have four months to clean up at the box - office .
But do n’t worry … the powers that be have a fix .
They hope to re-release the film sometime this fall , complete with extra footage .
Now , we at MovieChopShop have made no bones about the fact that we ’re not the biggest supporters of Avatar .
While I liked it ( but found it fairly standard ) , Shep and Hans downright loathed the film .
We all agree , though , that it is a visual masterpiece .
But I ’m going to try and keep my biases and film - criticism self out of this article .
The problem I have with the re-release is n’t the content but the trend it ’s completing .
It used to be that a studio released a movie in theaters .
It finished a long run at the cinemas , then , after a very long gap , got released on video .
That ’s all changed .
Now a movie is in theaters for what feels like a blink of an eye , and then it gets released on home video almost immediately .
AND most “ event ” movies get a “ special edition , ” “ director ’s cut , ” or “ extended edition . ”
While nobody will argue that “ extended editions ” are n’t cool–the Bladerunner director ’s and final cuts are the only way that film works –the gimmick is overblown .
When silly comedies get an “ unrated ” cut and pieces of universally trashed garbage are released on “ special edition ” three - disc collections , the “ extended cut ” movement has shifted focus from presenting a director ’s true vision to throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks … in order to make a quick buck .
And it ’s worked for a long time .
I ’m guilty of grabbing the “ unrated ” cut of a movie , too .
But the gimmick is wearing thin .
At this point , directors are shooting extra footage they know they do n’t need or ca n’t include in the theatrical cut of the film just to put on the DVD .
That hurts my soul .
I love the idea of a theatrical film being the director ’s best shot at a completed , artistic whole .
When it serves as just a precursor to the “ really good stuff ” in the DVD release , the whole process of filmmaking loses a little credibility , and the movie becomes nothing more than a product .
I know this is the reality of big - budget cinema , but I do n’t have to like it .
And in the past ten years , it ’s gotten worse .
Now there is a new trend emerging … that of releasing multiple versions of a movie in the theater .
Michael Bay ’s Transformers 2 got an IMAX release with additional footage from the “ normal ” theatrical release .
Other movies like the Harry Potter films and even The Dark Knight had either 3D or full - rez IMAX sequences you could n’t see in traditional theaters .
Now , I ’m not saying this is in - and - of - itself a bad thing .
I loved watching Batman fight bad guys in glorious 70 mm , but the trend , itself , is troubling .
Now , Avatar is hoping to take this madness one step farther , releasing its “ extended edition ” in theaters less than a year after its original release , and AFTER the DVD release of the film .
If this continues , will we see Iron Man and Spider - Man gain multiple theatrical releases ?
Will directors be expected to shoot additional footage for not just DVD special features but for possible additional theatrical releases as well ?
More importantly , will big studios hold back the most complete cut of a film just so they can re-release a “ better ” version later and make a quick buck ?
I know all of this is a way for studios to “ think outside the box ” about how to recoup cash on films that are costing significantly more and more money every year .
Me , though , I think the answer is to make sure the quality of stories and characters in your film is above and beyond the normal “ product ” saturating the market .
Make your ONE COMPLETE MOVIE the best it can possibly be , stand behind it as the best version of the movie , and market the hell out of it .
But that ’s hard … so why not just throw in fifteen minutes of unnecessary drivel and release an additional theatrical and DVD release of the film .
That way you can move your grosses from $ 2.6 billion to $ 2.8 billion .
Which gives you enough new cash to finance the next Chipmunks movie , complete with its 3D , extended , director ’s , and ultimate cuts .
Coming soon to a theater near you .
Like the article ?
Slideshow ( 4 images )
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - A suborbital spaceship owned by aspiring space tourism operator Virgin Galactic was airlifted into the skies over California ’s Mojave Desert on Monday for its debut test flight .
The sleek , six - passenger ship , called VSS Enterprise , remained attached to its carrier aircraft throughout the two - hour , 54 - minute flight .
Virgin Galactic , an offshoot of billionaire Richard Branson ’s London - based Virgin Group , has collected about $ 45 million in deposits and fares from more than 330 aspiring amateur astronauts , each of whom will be charged $ 200,000 to experience a few minutes of suborbital spaceflight .
Enterprise was designed and built by Burt Rutan , founder of Mojave - based Scaled Composites , now a wholly owned subsidiary of Northrop Grumman .
“ Watching VSS Enterprise fly for the first time really brings home what beautiful , ground - breaking vehicles Burt and his team have developed for us , ” Branson said in a statement .
Test flights are scheduled through 2011 , with commercial operations targeted to begin in 2012 .
Enterprise is closely modeled on a prototype suborbital spaceship named SpaceShipOne , which won a $ 10 million prize for the first privately financed manned spaceflights in 2004 .
It is now in the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum .
Working conditions at Angola Prison in Louisiana were so harsh that , in 1952 , three dozen inmates hacked through their own Achilles tendons with razor blades in protest .
They became known as the Heel String Gang .
By the time Robert King first arrived at the former slave plantation , 10 years later , armed convicts were working as guards .
Incoming prisoners , or " fresh fish " , were being sold as sex slaves .
Some were raped so violently they died of their injuries .
But these horrors formed only part of King 's nightmare .
For every day of the 29 years he spent in solitary confinement , inside a prison described as the " bloodiest in America " , he knew he was innocent .
" It 's hard to get dipped in shit and not come out stinking , " says King , who walked free in 2001 .
" But I do n't have time to be angry . "
Two men , Albert Woodfox and Herman Wallace , who were sent down for murder at the same time , still languish in Angola Prison , properly known as the Louisiana State Penitentiary , after 37 years in solitary confinement , the longest period in US history .
King , who is now 67 , will not rest until they are released : " Will I fight till the day I die ?
Perhaps I will . "
For decades , the men known as the Angola Three have protested their innocence .
Their supporters say the case represents one of the greatest miscarriages of justice of our times – one that still shames America .
When they fought for the rights of black inmates at the height of the civil rights movement , they were framed for murder , thrown in cells smaller than most bathrooms , and forgotten .
The plight of King and his comrades is the subject of In the Land of the Free , a documentary narrated by Samuel L Jackson and out in cinemas on Friday .
King hopes the film , which premieres in London tomorrow , will help his fight for justice .
" You throw pebbles in a pond and you get ripples , " he says .
" I see this as a huge rock . "
King has devoted his life to throwing pebbles .
He spends two weeks of every month travelling the world , meeting activists , world leaders – anyone who will listen .
I first meet him in London in 2008 at an exhibition put on by an artist and supporter .
It includes a whitewashed , wooden replica of King 's cell .
Standing behind its bars , he is taken back to a space from which he never expected to emerge .
" I had life and 43 years , and in Angola life is life , " he says .
" I had hope , but I had to reserve my feelings because I knew I would probably die in prison . "
King wears a pair of khakis , a long - sleeved T - shirt and a Kangol flat cap turned backwards .
A crude , faded tattoo of a spider peers out from under his right sleeve .
It 's a souvenir from King 's first stint in prison , while he was still in his teens .
His route to Angola started in Algiers , a poor ward of New Orleans .
Raised by his grandmother ( his parents were " off the set " ) , King 's upbringing was marked by poverty and discrimination .
" There were laws in place that upgraded some citizens and downgraded others , " he says .
" I happened to be on the down side – as was my father , and his father before him . "
Drawn on to an escalator of petty crime , King was soon doing time in juvenile facilities for robberies he says he was n't involved in .
" Back then , police said , well , you might not be guilty but you was probably there , so ... " Between sentences , a young King found work digging graves and collecting litter to recycle for cash .
In 1970 , while serving a sentence for another robbery of which he claims innocence , King cracked .
He escaped from the Orleans Parish Prison in a bust involving 25 inmates .
It did not endear him to the authorities , who recaptured him after two weeks , and threw him into solitary .
" I decided I could n't have any more obligations to a system that had dealt me like that , " he says .
" I had hoped that the system would be fair but I lost that hope . "
Meanwhile , at Angola , Wallace and Woodfox were serving sentences for unconnected robberies .
The world 's largest maximum security prison , and a working farm to this day , Angola was built in the late 19th century on the site of a plantation , and named after the African country from which many of its slaves were shipped .
Guards who worked there in the Seventies have admitted that the trade in sex slaves was allowed to flourish .
Between 1972 and 1975 , the practice of arming inmates as guards resulted in the deaths of 40 prisoners .
Partly reformed today , Angola has 5,000 inmates , more than three - quarters of whom are black .
Eight out of 10 of its convicts die behind bars .
Sickened by racial hatred in and out of Angola , Wallace and Woodfox formed a prison chapter of the Black Panther Party , the revolutionary group that rocked America in the Sixties and Seventies .
It made them public enemies .
When no inmates spoke up after the 1972 murder of a 23 - year - old prison guard called Brent Miller , authorities terrorised Angola 's black population , and singled out Black Panthers .
A prisoner who at first said he had not seen the murder emerged suddenly as a key witness .
He fingered Wallace and Woodfox , who were found guilty by an all - white jury and sent to solitary , where they remain .
Prints collected at the scene , which belong to neither man , were never tested .
Even Miller 's widow , Leontine Verrett , is said to be convinced of the pair 's innocence .
King , who by now had also joined the Panthers , was moved to Angola soon after Miller 's murder .
He could expect an earlier release but later learned he was under investigation for the slaying , despite not having been there .
The authorities found a better reason to keep him locked up in 1973 , when King was charged for the murder of August Kelly , a prisoner who was stabbed to death .
King stood trial alongside Kelly 's assailant , who claimed sole responsibility for the murder .
But witnesses , who would later admit to having given false testimony , put King at the scene .
He was found guilty , only to be re-tried in 1975 after it emerged his mouth had been taped shut during the first trial .
Despite a mountain of evidence in King 's favour , he was found guilty by an all - white jury drawn from the prison community .
And so began three decades in solitary .
" You can't get used to anything like that but you have to think about it as part of the territory if you 're gonna survive , " says King , who shared Angola 's Closed Cell Restricted area with Woodfox and Wallace .
Talking was forbidden and rule - breakers were thrown in " the dungeon " .
" They did n't even have a mattress in there or no blankets , " King recalls .
" Food you got was sometimes just two slices of bread , and you would n't get a shower for days .
You could get 10 days in there , sometimes 20 , sometimes 30 , but we were willing to sacrifice a bit just to talk . "
Like his comrades , King became schooled in the law and found " escape in sleep " , but a sweeter diversion came from an unlikely source .
By stacking empty drinks cans to create a stove fired by burning tissues , King used butter packs and sugar sachets , as well as smuggled pecans , to make pralines .
Risking stints in the dungeon , he sold his candy to other inmates and made donations to the men on death row .
He says : " It was something I could do , and something different I could give people who might never see daylight again – myself included . "
King says it required a " change in psychology " to stay sane : " I began to see America as one big prison – that I was in maximum security and that the people outside were in minimum custody . "
As years turned into decades , the Angola Three risked being forgotten in the hellhole that was the prison .
But as word of their plight spread , the scales of justice started to creak .
After a complex process of plea bargaining , during which King says the state went to great lengths to avoid a costly and embarrassing lawsuit , he reluctantly accepted a charge of conspiracy to commit murder .
On 8 February 2001 he walked free .
" I was elated – never scared , " he recalls , " but it felt so strange and surreal . "
King returned to New Orleans , where he continued to make his pralines ( he rebranded them " King 's Freelines " and still sells them to raise money for the campaign ) .
Driven out by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , he moved to Austin , Texas , where he still lives with his dog , Kenya .
All possible legal strings within reach have been pulled to ensure that Woodfox and Wallace remain no closer to freedom .
When King is n't campaigning or " you know , coolin ' out , dilly - dallyin ' around " , he reflects on what the case of the Angola Three says about race relations in modern America .
At our first meeting , Obama 's inauguration was still six months away and King doubted even a black president could bring change .
" The politics are too entrenched , " he said .
" Kennedy tried to change them and was assassinated .
Malcolm X was assassinated .
If Obama gets elected and is n't assassinated , he might give people the idea America has changed but it wo n't be true . "
guest blogger john hare
Anytime a mission , manned or robotic , is proposed to destinations beyond Mars , travel times of years to decades are involved .
Efforts to reduce trip times depend on some propulsion system well beyond the capabilities of chemical propulsion .
The problem with most proposed systems is either the Isp is still not good enough , or thrust / weight is too low , or both .
What we want is some propulsion system that has either relativistic exhaust velocities , or uses no propellant at all while having a high thrust / weight ratio .
Other than solar and laser sails , nuclear in some form is required .
With fission requiring bomb or at least radioactive type material launched from Earth , it pays to think of fusion solutions that use material that is more benign until triggered in some way .
I seem to recall suggestions that if two pellets of fusible material impact each other at enough velocity , fusion will occur .
The problem is that the impact velocities are in the hundreds of km / sec range .
Then you do n’t get a sustained reaction , you get a really energetic boom .
If we can get that energetic boom from a couple of pea sized pellets , Isp goes off the scale , if we can harness it .
An Orion variant seems to be the most likely way to harness the boom for propulsion purposes .
How do we get the boom ?
I suggest that pellets are deployed in the path of a vehicle such that the closure rate is hundreds of km / sec .
The external pellets impact the ship carried pellets to create a fusion explosion behind the pusher plate .
The navigation and propulsion package for the external pellets becomes the reaction vapor that impacts the pusher plate at relativistic velocities .
With the external pellets supplying half the fusion mass and all of the vaporised material to drive the ship , effective Isp goes to the millions in a deep space fusion ramjet .
Accelerating for a day at one gee gives about 850 km / sec of ship velocity .
If Isp is in the millions , then mass ratio becomes less than 1.1 .
At 73 million kilometers per day , Mars is a day trip and Jupiter , Saturn and company are just weeks .
All without launching fission material from Earth .
All we have to do is get the spacecraft up to 200 km / sec or so to get the reactions working .
Getting perfect alignment between the ship and pellet stream for perfect impacts will be a bit of a problem .
Some people get a bit upset when their vehicle is smacked by an object with TNT equivalent in the thousands , no sense of humor most likely .
We do have the technology to get the ship up to 200 km / sec relative to the pellets .
It involves braking from the Earth ’s orbit to a very close pass at the sun .
Inside the orbit of Mercury , the ship can hit sun relative velocities of over 100 km / sec .
The pellets have been braked all the way to a retrograde solar orbit that is the exact counter to the ship ’s trajectory .
At perihelion , the relative velocities of the ship and pellet stream is over 200 km / sec .
As the ship accelerates up the pellet path , the pellets have to have less velocity delivered from Earth with the ship supplying the impact energy .
For interstellar probes , a month of acceleration at one gee gets up to about 8 % of light speed .
Here ’s your safe , simple , and soon fusion drive , see you on Rigel 6 .
MagazineLine offers a wide collection of popular men ’s magazines to choose from .
Men ’s magazines can cover anything from health to fashion to favorite hobbies and sports .
A men ’s magazine subscription is a great way to pass the time reading something you enjoy and makes a fantastic gift for a loved one .
If you are looking for sport - related content and the latest stats on your favorite teams , you are sure to find your favorite publication amongst our sports category .
Ranging from Sports Illustrated to Golf Digest and more , our men's sports section will have something for you .
However , if you are more interested in personal improvement in health and fitness , Men ’s Health , Runner ’s World and Men 's Journal will help you with fitness tips and plans to be on your way to a heatlhier lifestyle .
At MagazineLine , we have the best deals on top men ’s magazines with a great variety of titles .
From fashion , to lifestyle and adult publications , we are confident you will find something for your unique interests in our collection of discounted magazine subscriptions .
Suspected Asteroid Collision Leaves Odd X - Pattern of Trailing Debris
› Larger image Credit : NASA , ESA , and D. Jewitt ( University of California , Los Angeles ) .
Photo No. STScI - 2010-07
NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope has observed a mysterious X - shaped debris pattern and trailing streamers of dust that suggest a head - on collision between two asteroids .
Astronomers have long thought the asteroid belt is being ground down through collisions , but such a smashup has never been seen before .
Asteroid collisions are energetic , with an average impact speed of more than 11,000 miles per hour , or five times faster than a rifle bullet .
The comet - like object imaged by Hubble , called P/2010 A2 , was first discovered by the Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research , or LINEAR , program sky survey on Jan .
6 . New Hubble images taken on Jan. 25 and 29 show a complex X - pattern of filamentary structures near the nucleus .
" This is quite different from the smooth dust envelopes of normal comets , " said principal investigator David Jewitt of the University of California at Los Angeles .
" The filaments are made of dust and gravel , presumably recently thrown out of the nucleus .
Some are swept back by radiation pressure from sunlight to create straight dust streaks .
Embedded in the filaments are co-moving blobs of dust that likely originated from tiny unseen parent bodies .
" Hubble shows the main nucleus of P/2010 A2 lies outside its own halo of dust .
This has never been seen before in a comet - like object .
The nucleus is estimated to be 460 feet in diameter .
Normal comets fall into the inner regions of the solar system from icy reservoirs in the Kuiper belt and Oort cloud .
As comets near the sun and warm up , ice near the surface vaporizes and ejects material from the solid comet nucleus via jets .
But P/2010 A2 may have a different origin .
It orbits in the warm , inner regions of the asteroid belt where its nearest neighbors are dry rocky bodies lacking volatile materials .
This leaves open the possibility that the complex debris tail is the result of an impact between two bodies , rather than ice simply melting from a parent body .
"
If this interpretation is correct , two small and previously unknown asteroids recently collided , creating a shower of debris that is being swept back into a tail from the collision site by the pressure of sunlight , " Jewitt said .
The main nucleus of P/2010 A2 would be the surviving remnant of this so - called hypervelocity collision .
"
The filamentary appearance of P/2010 A2 is different from anything seen in Hubble images of normal comets , consistent with the action of a different process , " Jewitt said .
An impact origin also would be consistent with the absence of gas in spectra recorded using ground - based telescopes .
The asteroid belt contains abundant evidence of ancient collisions that have shattered precursor bodies into fragments .
The orbit of P/2010 A2 is consistent with membership in the Flora asteroid family , produced by collisional shattering more than 100 million years ago .
One fragment of that ancient smashup may have struck Earth 65 million years ago , triggering a mass extinction that wiped out the dinosaurs .
But , until now , no such asteroid - asteroid collision has been caught " in the act .
" At the time of the Hubble observations , the object was approximately 180 million miles from the sun and 90 million miles from Earth .
The Hubble images were recorded with the new Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) .
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency .
NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center manages the telescope .
The Space Telescope Science Institute conducts Hubble science operations .
The institute is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy , Inc. in Washington , D.C.
California researchers while presenting an update of their findings to the California Legislature on Wednesday said that marijuana can help in reducing specific pain - related medical conditions .
Five small studies and two more that are underway found that modest amount of marijuana smoking can help alleviate pain and muscle spasms that takes place due to multiple sclerosis .
It also synchronized with earlier belief that physical discomfort is reduced by pot .
This has been a prime argument of the medical marijuana movement .
California state that was funding study on marijuana no more has the money to fund for further research by the Center for Medical Cannabis Research at UC San Diego .
The White House is not showing serious concern regarding marijuana 's medicinal properties but and no one is talking about a national study to expand on the UC work .
Igor Grant , MD , executive vice - chairman of the department of psychiatry at the University of California San Diego School of Medicine and director of the Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research at the University of California , said , '' I think the evidence is getting better and better that marijuana , or the constituents of cannabis , are useful at least in the adjunctive treatment of neuropathy . "
Experts who after reviewing the report stated that facts were flawed and further research was needed as they worry about marijuana being used for medical use .
Taking a look at film , food and music in Chicago and beyond .
RAMALLAH , West Bank ( Reuters ) - Vice President Joe Biden publicly scolded Israel on Wednesday over a Jewish settlement plan , saying it was undermining peace efforts after Palestinians agreed to U.S. - mediated talks .
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and his wife Jill Biden arrive at Ben Gurion International airport near Tel Aviv , March 8 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Ronen Zvulun
“ It is incumbent on both parties to build an atmosphere of support for negotiations and not to complicate them , ” Biden said in a media statement alongside Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in the West Bank city of Ramallah .
“ Yesterday the decision by the Israeli government to advance planning for new housing units in East Jerusalem undermines that very trust , the trust that we need right now in order to begin ... profitable negotiations , ” Biden said .
In Jerusalem , an Israeli cabinet minister apologized for what he termed “ real embarrassment ” caused to Biden by the news
on Tuesday that Israel would erect 1,600 settler homes in an area of the occupied West Bank it annexed to the holy city .
Israel ’s announcement of the project changed the tone of a visit in which Biden had focused on reassuring Israelis that President Barack Obama was committed to their security in the face of a possible Iranian nuclear threat .
Aides to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he had been blindsided by the announcement of the plan by the Interior Ministry , run by Shas , an ultraorthodox , nationalist party that is a key member of the governing coalition .
Abbas , who agreed to indirect talks with Israel after he had made a settlement freeze a condition for resuming peace negotiations , urged Israeli leaders to cancel the decision .
But the Western - backed Palestinian leader gave no indication the so - called “ proximity talks ” would not proceed .
No date , venue or agenda has been set .
“ The American administration must put pressure on Israel so the indirect talks are not obstructed , ” said Nabil Abu Rdainah , an Abbas aide .
European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton called on Israel to reverse the settlement decision and avoid taking unilateral actions .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband also rebuked Israel over the decision and said it was critical to promote a “ vital Palestinian state ” that can exist alongside Israel .
“ I condemn this as quite the wrong decision at the wrong time , ” Miliband said after a lecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
ACCOUNTABLE
Biden made no reference to any postponement .
He spoke of “ indirect talks being launched ” and said they should lead to direct negotiations .
He said the United States would hold both sides accountable for any statements or actions “ that inflame tensions or prejudice the outcome of talks , as this decision did ” -- a reference to the settlement plan . ”
The Arab League in Cairo , which last week endorsed a four - month framework for the talks , called an urgent meeting of a committee overseeing the process , for later Wednesday .
Egypt ’s official state news agency MENA reported that Arab League chief Amr Moussa “ expressed his belief in the possibility that the Arabs would backtrack on their decision . ”
In November , Netanyahu ordered a 10 - month halt to new housing starts in West Bank settlements but exempted those Israel considers part of Jerusalem and projects for Jewish homes in the eastern sector of the city captured in 1967 .
Palestinians say settlements will deny them a viable state , which they hope to establish in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
“ Messages have been sent to Biden and the Americans that there was no intention to undermine him , ” a senior Israeli official said .
“ We were genuinely surprised , just as surprised as the Americans . ”
Netanyahu took no steps to reverse the decision to build in Ramat Shlomo , a religious Jewish settlement .
Israel considers all of Jerusalem its capital .
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future state .
Shas ’s promotion of the plan was an indication to the Obama administration of the problems Netanyahu would face within his government should he make bold moves , as Washington has demanded , toward a land - for - peace deal with Palestinians .
THOUSANDS of intimate photos sent between iPhone users have been made public after an embarrassing security flaw .
The Quip app promised to let people send pictures to each other for free — like sending a multimedia message but without any fees .
What it did n't say was that anyone with a few web skills could see them as well .
Quip stored the private images on a publicly accessible web server without any encryption , making them easy prey for savvy internet users .
Now some of the most intimate moments of thousands of people are being circulated on web forums .
Many photos show people posing nude or having sex .
Others show a day at the baseball or baby shots .
One image shows a man naked from the waist up and seemingly covered in cuts and blood .
Another seems to have been taken inside the White House .
Some internet users have also allegedly matched up nude photos with real names and Facebook profiles .
On one web forum , a user identifying as one of the makers of the Quip app said the system had been shut down .
" Hello , this is Ish , the founder of Addy Mobile , makers of the Quip app , " said " ish_addy " on Reddit .
" As soon as this post came to our attention , we immediately shut down our servers .
We have also now disabled all S3 access and have started to systematically secure all files in the system .
" We will not bring the system back up until we have adequate security around all files shared over Quip . "
However many of the photos , saved by people before the servers were shut down , are still being circulated .
Announcing the SQLite datastore stub for the Python App Engine SDK
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under app-engine , python , coding , sqlite , tech , datastore
For the past couple of weeks , I 've been working on one of those projects that seems to suck up every available moment ( and some that technically are n't ) .
Now , however , it 's largely done , and as an extra bonus , I 've been given permission to release it as an early preview for those that are interested .
The code in question is a new implementation of the local datastore for the Python App Engine SDK .
While some of you are probably delighted at the news , I expect most of you are puzzled .
Why do we need a new local datastore implementation ?
Let me explain .
The purpose of the local stubs in the App Engine SDK is to exactly replicate the behaviour of the production environment , and in general they do that very well .
A specific non-goal is replicating the performance characteristics of the production environment , or being as scalable as the production environment - the stubs are designed for testing , not production use .
The Python SDK 's datastore implementation operates by storing the entire contents of your development datastore in memory .
It writes changes to disk so that it can reload your datastore when the dev_appserver is restarted , but the in - memory copy is the primary source for all operations .
Queries are executed by iterating over every entity of the right kind and filtering based on the criteria you specify .
Despite the use of a linear scan , this straightforward implementation is more than sufficient for most developers .
The amount of test data one typically wants to load is fairly small , and it's hard to beat the performance you get from having everything stored in memory .
Problems arise , however , when you need to load a larger than normal amount of test data into your app .
As soon as the amount of stored data ( including storage and indexing overhead ) exceeds your available physical memory , performance slows down dramatically , as the dev_appserver has to page bits of the datastore to and from disk .
Startup performance can be impacted , too , since the datastore stub has to read the entire datastore off disk each time the dev_appserver is started .
The new local datastore implementation fixes both these issues by rewriting the datastore stub to use SQLite as a backend .
Data is stored by SQLite on disk , so memory consumption should not be a problem , and startup times will likewise be unaffected by the size of the local datastore .
Here 's what you can expect with the new datastore stub :
Improved startup times if you store a lot of data in your local datastore .
Improved performance if you store a lot of data in your local datastore .
Lower memory consumption .
Equally importantly , though , here 's what you should n't expect :
Performance improvements when dealing with small amounts of data .
Although a linear scan for all queries sounds inefficient , it really is hard to beat keeping all your data in memory for speed - so if you have relatively little data , you may not see much or any improvement .
A relational schema .
If you open up the SQLite database created by the dev_appserver , do n't expect it to be laid out with a table per kind , and columns for properties .
More on how the datastore is structured later , if you 're interested .
Also , please bear in mind that this is pre-release code .
It may wipe out all your data .
It may cause the spontaneous generation of a black hole which swallows your cat .
It may even work as expected !
Nearly anything could happen .
Without further ado , you can get the patch and instructions on how to use it here .
Feedback is appreciated - either in the groups , or right here on my blog .
How it works
What follows is a description of some of the internal workings of the datastore_sqlite_stub .
If you just want to use it , you can stop now - otherwise , read on !
The basic structure of the SQLite stub is very similar to that used by the production datastore .
An ' Entities ' table holds all the entities , indexed by entity type and the ' path ' component of their key .
An ' Entities ByProperty ' table stores every indexed property for every entity , with columns for kind , property name , property value , and the path of the entity this row refers to .
All permitted queries can be executed by selecting from the Entities table , with some number of joins to the EntitesByProperty table .
For example , a kind - only query or an ancestor - only query can be satisfied by the Entities table alone .
A single property query requires a single join to the EntitiesByProperty table , constrained to find only entities with the correct kind , property name , and value ( or range of values ) .
Finally , multiple property queries are satisfied by using multiple joins to the EntitiesByProperty table , one for each required property .
Unlike the production datastore , composite indexes are n't ( currently ) implemented , so queries that would normally require a composite indexes use the aforementioned strategy , leaving it up to the DB to find an efficient query plan .
Another difference from the production datastore is that data in the SQLite stub is partitioned by app ID - so each app has its own Entity and EntitiesByProperty tables .
Data representation and indexing
Data representation provides a particular challenge when it comes to indexing .
App Engine provides a wide array of data types , and since the datastore is schemaless , any field can potentially contain any datatype .
Unlike most relational databases , SQLite uses a dynamic typing system , whereby any field can be of any data type - types declared in CREATE TABLE statements merely define ' affinities ' .
At first glance , this would appear to solve our problem - we can simply store the values as you would expect , and SQLite will allow us .
We immediately run into a couple of problems , however .
The first problem is that SQLite does n't provide the same sorting characteristics as the App Engine datastore .
For example , while App Engine sorts all integers before all floats , SQLite sorts them by their magnitude .
This could be remedied by splitting the column into two parts - the type and the value - and sorting by them and selecting on them both , were it not for the second issue ...
The second issue is that SQLite does n't implement all the data types App Engine provides - for example , Key and GeoPt .
In order to be completely consistent with production , the ordering on these properties is important , too - it 's not enough to be able to check for equality .
Given that , it looks like we 're going to need an alternative encoding scheme .
At first glance , Protocol Buffers seem like they should be it .
Given the same values for fields , the Protocol Buffer encoder will always create the same binary PB , so we can definitely compare for equality .
Individual fields of a Protocol Buffer are emitted in order , too , so thanks to the way the App Engine PBs are designed , in theory we ought to sort each data type correctly as well .
This brilliant idea , alas , is torpedoed by several practical issues with sorting Protocol Buffers :
PBs encode fixed length fields like integers and floats little - endian , which does n't sort correctly .
Variable length integers are encoded using a scheme that likewise does not preserve ordering of the number being encoded .
Strings are length - prefixed , which means strings are compared first based on size , then on contents - ' aaa ' sorts after 'z ' !
In production , App Engine solves this by using a special encoding for Protocol Buffers that preserves the desired ordering properties - and that 's the approach the SQLite stub takes , too .
Here 's how it deals with each of the three issues outlined above :
Fixed length numbers are encoded big-endian , so they sort as expected .
Further , the sign bit is flipped , and the entire value is inverted with a bitwise NOT if it 's negative , to ensure that negative numbers sort smaller than positive numbers .
Variable length integers are encoded by a special scheme that uses the first byte to indicate the sign of the number and the number of bytes that follow .
Small values ( between - 119 and 119 ) are encoded in a single byte to save space .
Strings are escaped instead of being length prefixed .
Nulls in a string ( \0 ) are replaced with the escape sequence \ 1\1 , while \1 bytes are replaced with \ 1\2 .
Strings are then terminated with a null byte .
This encoding is reversible , but ensures the strings still sort in the same order as they did previously .
With a Protocol Buffer encoder that implements those tweaks , we can simply encode the fields we want to index using it , and insert them as BLOB fields into the database .
The encoding ensures that SQLite can sort them as byte values , without needing to interpret or understand them , and the sort order will come out as expected .
That 's it for the description of the internals .
If you decide to try out the new local datastore , please do provide feedback - here , or in the official group .
Disqus
Grand Cayman Island — If sea turtle tasted like chicken , I 'd fess up , but it really does taste like veal .
I grew up occasionally eating mud turtles pulled out of the ponds on my family 's farm .
And mud turtle does taste like chicken .
( Legs from freshly butchered mud turtles also writhe when you toss a bit of salt on them , as my startled mother once found out . )
So I was pleasantly surprised to discover just how delicious well - prepared green sea turtle steak tasted with a port wine reduction sauce at the Over the Edge restaurant during a recent visit to Grand Cayman Island .
I went to Grand Cayman determined to dine on turtle because I was aware of the vexed saga of the Cayman Island Turtle Farm .
The farm opened in 1968 , established as a for - profit business by U.K. entrepreneur and libertarian hero Antony Fisher and his partners .
Turtling has a long history in Cayman Island culture , but by the early 1900s turtle populations in the islands had crashed due to overharvesting .
Overharvesting is a huge problem afflicting open access fisheries , and one way to address the problem of overharvested wild turtle populations is to create privately owned , farmed alternatives .
Supplying farmed turtle meat and shell products helps to take harvest pressure off of wild turtles .
To start up the turtle farm , Fisher secured breeding adults and eggs from legal collectors .
The first turtles raised from eggs obtained from the wild reproduced in 1975 ( although Fisher continued to acquire new breeders and wild eggs until 1976 ) .
The first second - generation captive turtles were hatched in 1989 .
Unfortunately , the idea of selling farmed green sea turtles drove some environmental groups to distraction .
The Cayman Island Turtle Farm had the misfortune to begin its operations just as the United Nations Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) was being adopted in 1973 .
The chief goal of CITES is to regulate commerce in wild species that are threatened with extinction .
The idea is that overharvesting of endangered species will stop or be reduced if there are no legal international markets for products made from them .
Under the treaty , only animals " bred in captivity for commercial purposes " could be traded .
Biologists allied with environmental groups advised the U.S. Department of Interior that a turtle farm could not possibly raise a self - sustaining population of farmed turtles .
The U.S. government heeded this counsel and banned the sale of farmed turtle products , instantly killing 80 percent of the Cayman Island Turtle Farm 's market .
The result of the CITES turmoil was that the farm went bankrupt in 1975 .
It was purchased by a German non-profit group which aimed to sell turtle products and funnel the money back into turtle research and conservation .
When the turtle farm had demonstrated that it was in fact breeding a self - sustaining population , opponents of the farm moved the goalposts .
In 1979 , CITES changed the rules .
Captive breeding programs were required to demonstrate that they were " capable of reliably producing second generation offspring in a controlled environment . "
This further delayed any hope of reopening international markets for the turtle farm 's products .
As the CITES restrictions tightened , the German group gave up too , and reduced its stock of turtles .
What remained of the farm was purchased by the Cayman Islands government in 1983 and run as a for - profit enterprise .
The U.N. convention was not the only problem faced by the farm .
In 2001 , 75 percent of the breeders were lost to Hurricane Michelle .
Since that time the farm has been modernized ( and moved further inland ) and has become the biggest land - based tourist attraction in the Cayman Islands .
Besides supplying meat to the local market , the farm has pursued conservation goals by releasing more than 31,000 1 - year - old headstarted turtles into the ocean .
Although there is some promising data , whether or not the turtle releases have significantly increased the number of green sea turtles living in the wild is not well - established at this time .
Some environmentalists object to the release of the turtles because the farm 's breeding population was gathered from many areas and they fear that " hybrid " turtles will affect local wild populations .
Supporters of CITES often argue that the sale of products from farm raised animals pose a danger to wild populations because products from wild caught animals can be surreptitiously slipped into the stream of commerce .
But certification programs of the type pioneered by environmental organizations such as the Marine Stewardship Council 's sustainable fisheries and Forest Stewardship Council 's sustainable forest eco-labels would go a long way toward addressing that concern .
The Cayman Island Turtle Farm 's breeding stock is nearly at the goal of 500 mature animals , producing 45,000 eggs annually , of which only 8,000 hatchlings are needed to meet local market demand .
The farm hosts thousands of visitors and allows them the pleasure of holding 12 - 18 month - old turtles .
The farm slaughters 32 turtles per week with each animal supplying about 125 pounds of meat .
Sea turtle is not cheap .
Turtle steak sells for $ 33 per pound and stew meat goes for $ 20 .
Since sea turtle products cannot be sold internationally , no items made of turtle shell are available .
Once I had tasted sea turtle , I was eager to try other preparations .
Sadly , I discovered that it was possible to ruin sea turtle .
I had the Cayman - style turtle steak ( tomato pepper sauce ) at the pricey Grand Old House restaurant where it was overcooked into dry tastelessness .
Had that been my first experience eating sea turtle , it would have been my last .
Luckily , the Cayman Island Agricultural
Show was being held during my visit — the moral equivalent of a nice laid back county fair — so I got to sit at a picnic table while eating turtle stew made by the ladies from one of the local churches .
Their spicy , delicious turtle stew contains not only meat , but a kind of slightly chewy gelatinous protein rendered from the bony plates of the carapace and plastron .
If commerce in sea turtle products is one day permitted , one can easily imagine the spread of turtle farming throughout the Caribbean , with concomitant conservation benefits .
Sea turtle : the other white meat .
Ronald Bailey is Reason 's science correspondent .
His book Liberation Biology : The Scientific and Moral Case for the Biotech Revolution is available from Prometheus Books .
Running along the ridge of mt Palomar mountain " ridge soaring " - this puts roller coasters in a whole new perspective .
Ridge running is based on the wind and lift coming off the top of the ridge .
It ’s distressingly lonely at the top for RNC chairman Michael Steele .
Even his GOP colleagues agree he ’s doing more harm than good to their cause , according to a National Journal survey released online Thursday .
A whopping 71 percent of the 104 Republican insiders polled deem Steele a “ liability ” to the party , while only 20 percent described him as an “ asset . ”
An additional 9 percent said “ neither ” or “ both . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The officials , who were granted anonymity to speak candidly , lobbed at their de - facto leader a series of scathing — and at times personal — attacks .
“ ‘ Liability ’ does n’t begin to describe what a deadweight the current chair is to the GOP , ” said one operative , who called Steele an “ ego - driven , off - key message hog who ’s failing at raising money , putting in place a sufficiently funded voter - mobilization program , or taking the steps necessary for redistricting . ”
A former lieutenant governor of Maryland , Steele was elected to his current post just days after the inauguration of President Barack Obama .
His tenure has been marked by innumerable controversies and clashes with party officials , who are n’t sparing him any punches behind the scenes .
Bashing him as everything from “ uninspiring ” to an “ operational amateur , ” colleagues painted Steele as an incompetent leader who ’s squandering a “ golden opportunity ” to channel the public energy toward enhancing GOP prospects .
“ Michael Steele is an anchor around the neck of the future of the Republican Party , ” a GOP operative declared .
“ He needs to go . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
It was n’t the first time Steele irked his fellow Republicans , but tensions escalated early in January when he publicly taunted party leaders who reportedly questioned his leadership .
“ Get a life , ” he told his critics , inviting them to “ fire me ” or “ shut up ” and “ get out of the way . ”
Even those who viewed him as an asset offered compliments that seemed underhanded .
“ He ’s the most prominent African - American Republican we ’ve got : Treat him with kid gloves , ” said one Republican .
Another hailed his “ guerrilla - style unpredictability . ”
The chairman has wrangled with his party over his lavish spending of RNC money on personal items , his side career as a motivational speaker and his extensive promotion of his recent book at the purported expense of putting more effort into his job , among other issues .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ What a joke .
What an embarrassment , ” lamented a Republican respondent to the National Journal , chalking up Steele ’s high rank within the party to “ affirmative - action . ”
Another labeled him the “ gift that keeps giving — to the Democrats . ”
Democrats , by comparison , appear to hold a more favorable view of Steele ’s DNC counterpart , Tim Kaine .
A sizable 61 percent of Democratic insiders called their party ’s chairman an “ asset ” while 16 percent labeled him a “ liability . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The complete list of respondents to the National Journal poll are listed on the organization ’s Web site .
It was conducted by James A. Barnes and Peter Bell .
They are selling secrets along the shining corridors of the Savyolovsky Market : Unlisted numbers .
Tax returns .
Customs declarations .
Wanted lists .
Police reports .
Car registrations .
Business permits .
Wrenched from the bowels of government by the forces of runaway capitalism and corruption , the hush - hush databases have made their way to this market in central Moscow where the windows of tiny shops glitter with cellphones , pirated DVDs and porn .
Compressed on discs , frozen in Cyrillic letters , is a trove of petty squabbles and personal tragedies that make up the fabric of this vast and often lawless land .
In a country where you have no right to know , but really you can know anything , anybody can anonymously buy discs burned with private information such as rape victimization , financial holdings and the suspicion of CIA involvement .
Asking price ( it ’s negotiable ) : $ 40 to $ 60 .
Nobody asks whether the buyer is looking for a competitive edge , an address to plan a hit , research for a newspaper article .
The sale of these databases is illegal , sure , but nobody seems to care .
A few beat cops browse lazily among the stalls , studying cellphones .
“ Krysha , ” a vendor with matted dreadlocks and bloodshot eyes says slyly , stretching a flat hand over his head .
“ Roof ” -- the word Russians use to denote protection .
The roof is the person who has enough connections , and enough muscle , to shelter underlings from the authorities .
When Russians talk about operating in Moscow -- opening a business , or even working as a journalist -- they will , almost inevitably , say the same thing :
What you need is a roof .
“ It ’s cool , right ? ” the vendor prods , jabbing a cigarette at the wall displays advertising available databases .
“ It ’s cool . ”
A reporter settles on two discs : one purporting to contain all police reports in Russia throughout 2009 , the other an amalgamation of cellphone numbers , addresses and professions .
Both are packed with data technically off - limits to the public .
“ They get leaked , or else somebody hacks into official databases , ” says another vendor , a swarthy young man who gives his name only as Alexander .
“ It ’s not legal . ”
The buyers might be concerned that a used car they ’re looking to buy was stolen , or maybe they ’re trying to track a license plate or find long - lost relatives or friends .
Or , Alexander adds ominously , they are “ people conducting their own investigations . ”
A browse through the database of phone directories turns up full names , addresses and telephone contacts for employees of the FSB , the secretive intelligence service that is a successor to the KGB .
Other bits of information come to light : A Russian colleague discovers that his name and his father ’s were found among the papers of a woman who was slain .
Anybody interested in calling on the 49 - year - old longtime FSB agent whose job is described as “ creation of favorable psychological climate in the collective . . . organization of video control and control of access ” need only fish his address from the database .
For the less formal , a telephone number and e-mail address are also provided .
If sympathies run in the other direction , you might phone the woman whose name was found in the notebook of a suspected CIA agent .
The police records offer a window on a compulsively secretive world .
Crimes committed by police officers on a single September day included rape , hooliganism , embezzlement , bribe - taking and false testimony .
“ Suicide of an arrested person ” also appeared in this category .
And on that same day in Novosibirsk , a traffic police captain hanged himself in his shed .
“ The motives are being established , ” the report says helpfully .
A few keystrokes dredge up the names , addresses and telephone numbers of crime victims .
There ’s the 20 - year - old woman who was dragged into a yard and raped from 1 a.m. to 5 a.m. on an August night by four unknown young men .
And , too , the director of a fruit company who was robbed of the $ 52,000 he was carrying in a briefcase .
A summary of street demonstrations carried out across Moscow on an April day included an account of 15 citizens who gathered on Arabat Street .
They carried a dummy dressed in a blue tracksuit that was emblazoned with the name of the Chechen president , Ramzan Kadyrov .
The purpose of the demonstration , the anonymous police loggers dutifully typed up , was “ to establish support for Ramzan Kadyrov . ”
Did they really believe the demonstration was a gesture of solidarity for the feared leader ?
Were they snickering as they typed ?
With straight faces , they logged the slogans , which appear to have been dripping with sarcasm : “ Kadyry , decide everything ! ” ( an allusion to Stalin ’s famous “ Cadres decide everything . ” )
“ Academician Kadyrov will resurrect Russian science ! ” “ Putin today , Kadyrov tomorrow ! ”
“ No violations of public order resulted , ” the report concluded dryly .
Meanwhile , across the city , a lone veteran picketed the Defense Ministry .
And near a monument to the Orthodox St. Kiril , eight young men passed out a neo -Nazi newspaper and chanted , “ Russia is a Russian land . ”
Here , too , the faceless recorders kept their sense of humor .
The neo -Nazis , they noted , were trying to “ attract public attention to the social , political and ecological situation in the Russian Federation . ”
megan.stack@latimes.com
READER COMMENTS ON
" NY D.A. Clears Brooklyn ACORN : ' No Criminality ' "
( 27 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... GM said on 3/1/2010 @ 3:28 pm PT ...
Breitbart - O'Keefe ---- pwnd !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Cosimo diRondo said on 3/1/2010 @ 3:39 pm PT ...
ACORN does nothing criminal after getting " set up " by partisan right - wingers and gets defunded by congress .
Dick Cheney admits to committing war crimes on national TV and laughs all the way to the bank .
Way to go , Democrats .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... sophia said on 3/1/2010 @ 3:47 pm PT ...
Dems are letting John Yoo , Jay Bybee , and the prosecutorial malfeasance in the Siegelman case slip by .
They do NOTHING while U.S. CITIZENS are being convicted for clearly bogus reasons ( that MIT grad / mother of three , and some person who was merely ACCUSED of thinking ' terrorist ' thoughts ) .
We are in BIG TROUBLE , folks .
It 's so much more than just ACORN .
The guns are aimed our way , and pretty soon , those of us who are speaking up are gonna get our butts handed to us .
Where are the lawyers ?!
( Not you , Mr. Canning ! )
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... deecee said on 3/1/2010 @ 4:15 pm PT ...
Nothing to see here move along .
Nothing in the media today about this .
racist and shameful .
Teabagger news is important and must be covered all day everyday .
Vice President Biden and Speaker Nancy Pelosi should come out and apologize for the Senate and House votes to defund acorn .
I am holding my breath .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/1/2010 @ 5:21 pm PT ...
We now want all the Democrats and Republicans who gave those speeches for the bill to defund ACORN to apologize !
Not just the NYTimes !
So , it turns out a bunch of rich Republican white guys wanted to take down an organization for registering one million mostly blacks who do n't vote Republican by setting them up in the media with an edited doctored video and misleading everyone into thinking he was dressed as an outrageous pimp to make them look bad and stupid .
SHOCKING !
Almost as shocking as the Bush administration using the DOJ to do the same thing plus bring vote fraud charges against opponents right before elections .
Please do n't tell me they also did that !
Oh , yeah , they did !
I forgot !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/1/2010 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
Here 's congressmen " pimping " the Defund ACORN Act ...WE WANT IT REPEALED AND WE WANT AN APOLOGY : Inglis : Must Be Vigilant to Defund ACORN http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bawX15b1Fl0
Boehner : Stop All Federal Funding of ACORN http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3cpw1h2aAE
Rep. Bilirakis : Stop Taxpayer Funding of ACORN http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnzXrLPq-as Rep. Steve King : Defund ACORN
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb5nU0JON3A
McHenry on House vote to defund ACORN http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGtYvHXOoCI
Fat Fuck hypocrite Barney Frank , where 's your apology ???
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYr5czLmatk
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Hank said on 3/1/2010 @ 5:51 pm PT ...
Most of you people think that because there was no criminality , that ACORN deserves to continue to receive federal funding ?!
Their behavior was clearly unethical and inappropriate , even if they broke no criminal law .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 6:23 pm PT ...
Hank @ u said : " Their behavior was clearly unethical and inappropriate " Who 's " they " , Howard Hank ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/1/2010 @ 6:26 pm PT ...
Hank , unethical is a good way to describe doctoring videos to the extent that Congress votes to defund an organization working to help the less fortunate .
In fact O 'keefe did break some criminal laws .
As has Blackwater , Northrup - Gruman , the CIA , and many many others that continue to gorge at the public teat .
You cool with that , Hank ?
Of course you are , scum .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/1/2010 @ 7:19 pm PT ...
It really is time to compensate for the mainstream media 's cowardly inability to broadcast facts when it goes against their neo -con agenda .
Let 's even this issue out before they put a stranglehold on the Internet .
Those neo -cons truly hate America , do n't they ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:18 pm PT ...
So Hank , whats your take on Blackwater hiring prostitutes and murdering Iraqi Civilians ?
Or , Haliburton Electrocuting American Soldiers ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 3/1/2010 @ 9:47 pm PT ...
So , umm ...
Where 's Breitbart 's response to the NYDN story ?
I having trouble finding the response .
Is there some kind of professional wrestling channel on which I can view the Breitbart responses in real time ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... OR Native said on 3/2/2010 @ 5:51 am PT ...
Hank ,
Let ’s see you find Ivy League MBA 's who will work for near minimum wage helping people at the bottom of the economic ladder !
Then and only then can you apply your value system and expectations of perfect & perceptive performance to their work .
I think the facts bear out that a majority of ACORN employees acted appropriately and only one or two were not paying enough attention to actually " get " what O'Keefe was planning .
I suspect a majority of large American companies could be made to look the fool if similar tactics were used against them .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... OR Native said on 3/2/2010 @ 5:54 am PT ...
bare not bear - it too early for spelling !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... yikes said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:46 am PT ...
So the pimposters lied .
What a surprise !
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:23 am PT ...
I still think ACORN and its individual employees would have a hell of a case if they would just sue The New York Times for libel , and sue individuals like Clark Hoyt for having contributed to the disappearance of their jobs for no good reason .
I really hope they do .
I think what the Times has done and is doing is criminal --- open and shut .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:31 am PT ...
Mitch : how about suing congress , can you do that ?
For the Defund Acorn Act ?
Where 's Barney Franks ' apology ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:47 am PT ...
Brad so much for Clark Hoyt saying that he would tell his writers not to refer to Okeefe as posing as a pimp inside offices .
http://www.nytimes.com/2...02/nyregion/02acorn.html
" The Acorn employees in Brooklyn who were captured on a hidden camera seeming to offer conservative activists posing as a pimp and a prostitute creative advice on how to get a mortgage have been cleared of wrongdoing by the Brooklyn district attorney ’s office . "
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 3/2/2010 @ 1:15 pm PT ...
... Bob Ross said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:47 am PT ... Brad so much for Clark Hoyt ...
" The Acorn employees in Brooklyn who were captured ... posing as a pimp and a prostitute ... "
The NYTimes is just plain lying now .
The only appropriate course of action is for them to just fold and go away .
They no longer serve a purpose .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 3/2/2010 @ 1:39 pm PT ...
If this is the best that the NYT can do ... I 'll gladly continue to do without them .
SOOOOO glad I cancelled my subscription four years ago .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 3/2/2010 @ 1:50 pm PT ...
@ #10 Adam Fulford
It would appear that they hate anyone else 's vision or version of what America is - or should be .
They get high on hate .
They become addicted to their own adrenaline rush off it .
Consider Fox and the NYT as the neighborhood pushers .
All the hate that 's fit to print , on every street corner .
And , now you know what they mean by daily Fox fix .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Tracy said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:49 pm PT ...
Seems like ACORN is owed a lot of apologies .
Shame O'Keefe 's claim was n't checked before ACORN was smeared the way they were .
But I guess the rule in the " liberal " media nowadays is to shoot a story out there and ask questions much much much later .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:47 pm PT ...
Brad so much for Clark Hoyt saying that he would tell his writers not to refer to Okeefe as posing as a pimp inside offices .
http://www.nytimes.com/2...02/nyregion/02acorn.html
" The Acorn employees in Brooklyn who were captured on a hidden camera seeming to offer conservative activists posing as a pimp and a prostitute creative advice on how to get a mortgage have been cleared of wrongdoing by the Brooklyn district attorney ’s office . "
O'Keefe did pose as a pimp .
He did not DRESS as one .
Hoyt said he would caution reporters not to say O'Keefe DRESSED as a pimp .
Friedman has managed to convince you that the two are the same .
They are not .
Here are just a few excerpts showing O'Keefe posing as Giles 's boyfriend , working to rescue her from an abusive pimp --- and to set her up in a house where she and underage girls could turn tricks and give him the money to fund his Congressional campaign .
We 'll start with the Baltimore transcript --- which is the first ACORN video , and therefore the one where Eric Boehlert denies that O'Keefe pretended to be a pimp .
Among other things , we see this : Tonja : so the type of business okay ... the type of business of service you provide let me make sure there is a code for it okay O'Keefe : A code for prostitution ?
Tonja :
Well , yeah I have to have a name and a code number .
and this : Tonja : they under sixteen so you do n't worry about that , but on the other part of the form you can use them as a dependents because they live in your house they are under 16 and they are living in your house .
Well you live in a boat but because you are taking care of them so you can use them as a dependent O'Keefe :
What if they are going to be making money because they are performing tricks too Tonja : but if they making money and they are underage then you should n't be letting anybody know anyway and O'Keefe : we want to use a lot of the money that we are getting Shira : you do n't want to use all of it O'Keefe :
No I am saying we want to use a lot of the cash for my campaign Similarly , at ACORN D.C. , O'Keefe and Giles talk about setting up a house for Giles and several El Salvadorian girls who will be working for him .
Giles says she will take the money and give it to O’Keefe , who says he is running for a local election .
The ACORN worker tells O’Keefe to distance himself from the house of women of the night that Giles will be running because he is in political stuff and the revelation will be bad for him if people learn about the house of prostitution .
Here are some quotes from the transcript which ( like all ACORN transcripts ) is supported by unedited audio : James :
So , I can be the one who ah , I have documentation right ?
So , I can , I can be the one basically put up the house for it and she can perform tricks in the house .
Acorn 3 : Yep .
James : Okay , and well all those girls too ?
All those , there ’s like 10 girls ?
There ’s 10 El Salvadorians .
. . . .
Acorn 4 : If you but the home , you have no knowledge of what ’s goin on in that home .
He ’s just [ garble ] the landlord .
I. I t , say that again .
Acorn 3 : You have no knowledge of whats goin on you just the landlord .
Acorn 4 : You have no knowledge of what ’s goin on , I ’m just keeping it real – your just the landlord .
James : I ’m just the landlord .
Acorn 4 : You ’re just the landlord .
James : But , but , but …
Acorn 3 : We know she ’s your girl friend , but we ’re talking about your career .
How far you trying to go ?
James : I ’m using the money that she ’s getting , you know what I mean ?
Acorn 3 : Okay .
But you do n’t know where its coming from .
Hannah :
It ’s cash .
James : I , I , I personally know where its coming from .
Acorn 3 : Right , but when the police ask you – you do n’t know where its coming from – that ’s what we ’re trying to tell you James : Alright .
Acorn 3 : We ’re looking out for you .
. . . .
Hannah :
And I want him to be successful and why I 'm working so hard and bringing these girls in so when he does run for office he has unlimited funds .
San Bernardino : O'Keefe : . . . we wanna set up sort of like a business to do this type of thing and Theresa ( ACORN ) : A prostitution business ?
O'Keefe :
That 's right .
. . .
Hannah ( Eden ) : um I 'm kinda familiar with that in Miami , but I also the guy that I 'm supposed to be working for here just got a shipment or 12 El Salvadorian girls .
Theresa ( Acorn ) : Oh , really ?
Hannah ( Eden ) :
They 're between the ages of 12 years old and 15 , and if I can , which I think I because I do have some sort of relationship with them .
Theresa ( Acorn ) : Mmm hmm Hannah ( Eden ) : in the brief time I 've come in contact .
Would like to take them away from him . . . and use them for me , for myself and also to keep so they do n't have to be subjected to a man . . . who is abusive . . . .
James :
So basically we want . . . a house to put them in and we have been trying to go through the other authorities but they have been unhelpful with us because of , you know . . . they just you know they do n't wanna deal with these sex sex girls coming in performing sex they think we do n't wanna have anything to do with that .
. . . .
O'Keefe : But , one of the things I was one of the things we also wanna do um one of my goals you asked you asked do you know how you wanna do this , I think one of the goals is not only can Eden protect some of these 13 , 14 , 15 year - old girls Theresa ( ACORN ) Yeah .
O'Keefe : coming over from El Salvador .
In addition to protecting them and getting their feet on the ground so that they can you know perform the tricks and you know learn the how LA prostitution scene is I was also wanting to um use some of the this is very lucrative and potentially we can use a lot of the money we 're getting from the underaged girls from El Salvador and use some of the money for campaign one day . . . .
O'Keefe :
We 're bringing these girls from overseas .
Hannah ( Eden )
Well , they 're here .
O'Keefe : But , we are gonna take a part of the profit and I intend to use the profit Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
O'Keefe : From the tricks the girls perform Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
O'Keefe :
To fund my political campaign .
Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
New York ?
James : okay even if the business like of what goes on in the house Volda ( loan counselor ) : its a house you 're buying they do n't ask Tara : we do n't care they do n't ask what you are going to do Volda ( loan counselor ) : as long as you live there Tara :
As long as you pay the mortgage James : I have to live there Volda ( loan counselor ) : yeah its James : oh Volda ( loan counselor ) : its got to be your primary residence James : well she is going to live with me but we are using the house so that she can do her work ....
James :
Yea well she is gonna have this business in the house with a bunch of girls coming and doing these things , performing tricks and she is going to give me the money so that I can pay the mortgage that is how we want to work it potentially .
Volda ( loan counselor ) : but your name is going to be on the mortgage your name is going to be
on the deed James : but no one has to know where the money is coming from My favorite part : Volda ( loan counselor ) : because they might wants to ask about it I do n't think that they would go to that length but ya know you outta say where the monies come from where they do n't want to see that money record its illegal .
Because it ’s not legal in NY .
James : so we gotta we gotta make Milagros ( counselor ) You can't say what you do for a living because the law Volda ( loan counselor ) : so you say that you doing freelancing you gotta start thinking James : okay Volda ( loan counselor ) : if you want it to work Milagros ( counselor ) you are young you 're both and make assumptions James : well she is very honest Milagros ( counselor ) Honest is not going to get you a house that is why you probably been denied
cause you probably going in saying
The videos go on and on like that .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:02 am PT ...
Patrick a pimp goes out and gets clients for a woman and collects money .
Where in your quotes does he say he is going to do this ?
It sounds like now you 're trying to change the definition of a pimp to fit your agenda .
Also I 'm wondering why you are n't launching charges as the Deputy DA for him breaking the California penal code 632 .
California state law requires 2 party consent for recording of conversations .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:04 am PT ...
I could cherry pick from transcripts that do n't match the video tapes as well Patrick .
In baltimore he said that she would not be living with him .
But then again one of O'Keefe 's former colleagues said he wanted her to edit the script during the planned parenthood investigation to make a nurse look really bad .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/3/2010 @ 7:37 pm PT ...
By the way , this entire episode took place in ACORN Housing which is a separate entity that ACORN contracts with .
It is not a subsidiary or division of ACORN .
A detail the MSM continues to ignore .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/4/2010 @ 9:24 pm PT ...
This afternoon 's best mystery from the new reigning champs of brilliantly artful viral campaigns : a seemingly innocuous new update to the PC version of Valve 's cult hit puzzle game Portal has turned out to be far more than anyone expected , and could be the first instance of using a three year old game itself to hint at future titles .
The update 's changelog only wryly stated that Valve had " changed radio transmission frequency to comply with federal and state spectrum management regulations " , causing players to note that each section of the game had been updated with a new radio object .
At first glance , the new radios appeared to be the same that otherwise normally existed inside the game , which simply chirped out a samba version of the game 's iconic end - theme song .
Only later was it discovered that these new radios each contain a hidden audio file that 's transmitted when you carry them to one particular point in each of the game 's levels .
Thanks to the Steam forum 's overeager detectives , we 've already learned that the most perplexing of these pirate transmissions are in fact SSTV encoded photographs — the same used by shortwave operators to transmit images over the air — each watermarked with the Aperture Science logo to stem any doubt about their authenticity .
Follow the ongoing investigations here , and ponder , via Shawn Elliott , in - game lore tying the Half Life universe to Portal 's via a character who " is cunning enough to encrypt … photographs , coordinates , blueprints and hailing frequencies within her message . "
Changed radio transmission frequency to comply with federal and state spectrum manage – Steam Users ' Forums
* Chavez says plane was P - 3
* U.S. says it did not violate Venezuelan airspace ( Adds U.S. denial )
CARACAS , Jan 8 ( Reuters ) - President Hugo Chavez said he ordered two F - 16 jets to intercept a U.S. military plane that twice entered Venezuelan skies on Friday , but Washington said none of its planes flew over the South American country ’s airspace .
Brandishing a photo of the plane , which he described as a P - 3 , Chavez said the overflight was the latest violation of Venezuelan airspace by the U.S. military from its bases on the Netherlands ’ Caribbean islands and from neighboring Colombia .
“ They are provoking us ... these are warplanes , ” he said .
Chavez said the F - 16s escorted the U.S. plane away after two incursions lasting 15 and 19 minutes each .
A spokesman for the the U.S. Defense Department denied Chavez ’s assertion , saying in an e-mail : “ We can confirm no U.S. military aircraft entered Venezuelan airspace today .
As a matter of policy we do not fly over a nation ’s airspace without prior consent or coordination . ”
Senior Obama administration officials said the U.S. Southern Command was unaware of any incident involving U.S. government aircraft in Venezuelan airspace on Friday .
The perceived threat of U.S. intervention has become a central element of Chavez ’s political discourse and a rallying cry for his supporters .
Foes say Latin America ’s loudest U.S. critic is hyping the idea of a foreign threat to distract Venezuelans from domestic problems such as economic recession , rampant crime and inadequate public services .
The socialist leader surprised the diplomatic world in December when he accused the Netherlands of abetting potential offensive action against his government by granting U.S. troops access to its islands close to Venezuela .
The Dutch government says the U.S. presence on Curacao and Aruba -- where about 250 Air Force crew and ground staff are based -- is only for counternarcotics and surveillance operations over Caribbean smuggling routes .
( Reporting by Frank Jack Daniel ; Additional reporting by Doug Palmer ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
Book of the Week No Man's Land
by Larry Towell No Man ’s Land is photographer Larry Towell ’s hauntingly beautiful documentary account of the Palestinians during a 10 - year period .
In it , his black - and - white photographs depict the physical and psychological walls that divide Palestinians from Israelis , and a land divided against itself .
View selected images
Join the Fray © Marilyn Silverstone / Magnum Photos
What do you think of these photos ?
Join the Fray , our reader discussion forum .
Post a message Read messages Coming from a country being swallowed up by its neighbor gave me a natural sympathy for the Davids over the Goliaths of this world .
Philip Jones Griffiths
By Captain Pyke | March 16 , 2010 - 9:18 pm
Our twitter friend and Star Trek novelist , Dayton Ward , announced today that his latest
Trek writings are available for your reading pleasure .
" Star Trek : Seven Deadly Sins " is a collection of short stories that focus on Federation enemies and they 're representation of each of the seven deadly sins .
Not only were Dayton Ward and his writing partner Kevin Dilmore involved in the new publication , but also David A. McIntee , James Swallow , Keith R.A. DeCandido , Britta Burdett Dennison , Greg Cox , and first time Star Trek author Marc D. Giller .
We 'll definitely be picking up a copy to read on our PADD , er Kindle .
About Star Trek : Seven Deadly Sins .
The Seven Deadly Sins delineate the path to a person 's downfall , the surest way to achieve eternal damnation .
But there is a way out , a way to reclaim salvation : blame it on the demons -- taunting you , daring you to embrace these sins -- and you shall be free .
The painful truth is that these impulses live inside all of us , inside all sentient beings .
But alas , one person 's sin may be another being 's virtue .
The pride of the Romulan Empire is laid bare in The First Peer , by Dayton Ward and Kevin Dilmore .
A Ferengi is measured by his acquisition of profit .
Reservoir Ferengi , by David A. McIntee , depicts the greed that drives that need .
The Cardassians live in a resource - poor system , surrounded by neighbors who have much more .
The envy at the heart of Cardassian drive is The Slow Knife , by James Swallow .
The Klingons have tried since the time of Kahless to harness their wrath with an honor code , but they have n't done so , as evidenced in The Unhappy Ones , by Keith R.A. DeCandido .
Humans ' darkest impulses run free in the Mirror Universe .
Freedom Angst , by Britta Burdett Dennison , illustrates the lust that drives many there .
The Borg 's desire to add to their perfection is gluttonous and deadly in Revenant , by Marc D. Giller .
To be a Pakled is to live to up to the ideal of sloth in Work Is Hard , by Greg Cox .
Pick up your copy of " Star Trek : Seven Deadly Sins " here .
HAVANA , Cuba —
Something unusual has been stirring lately in the pages of Granma , this country ’s largest newspaper and the official mouthpiece of the Cuban Communist Party .
Lacking commercial advertising and printed entirely in red and black ink , Granma typically carries eight tabloid - style pages devoted to fawning coverage of Cuba ’s top officials and the latest iniquities of Yankee imperialism .
Its primary function is to promote the Cuban government , rather than cover it , offering an Orwellian chronicle of life on the island as a never - ending series of socialist triumphs .
But in recent months , Granma has become an unlikely forum for a debate that seems to portend much - expected reforms to Cuba ’s state - run economy .
A flurry of op - ed columns have appeared lately in the paper ’s “ letters to the editor ” section , staking out positions for and against something Cubans are calling “ privatization ” — small - scale liberalization measures that might allow more entrepreneurship and private business .
At its roots , it is an argument over how to revive Cuba ’s anemic economy , which was already woefully inefficient and unproductive before the global recession hit .
Most surprising , at least for the pages of Granma , is that many of the editorials contain rather frank criticisms of Cuba ’s economic ills , which include petty corruption , the widespread theft of state goods and a low - wage system that pushes Cubans into black - market activity to make ends meet .
“ What would it mean for the State to eliminate the ongoing farce of state - owned property ? ” asked one letter , signed by D. Gonzalez de la Cruz .
Pilfering is so rife at state - run businesses that they ’re already being privatized , he argued .
“ In our current situation , privatization is already happening ” Gonzalez wrote .
“ Only instead of a rational and well - thought - out process , it ’s chaotic and perverse .
What kind of social benefits do we get from state - run business and restaurants where the State pays the bills but the profits — obtained fraudulently and illegally — go into the pockets of the those who prey off the people and the State ? ”
The letters in Granma appear to be part of a broader re-examination of Cuban socialism called for in speeches by President Raul Castro , raising hopes and expectations among Cubans who struggle with constant shortages and a system that officially bans most forms of private commerce .
Of course , the debates are bound by certain unspoken parameters , and do not contain calls for free - market capitalism nor any direct political criticism of Cuba ’s leaders .
Rather , they are framed as a discussion about the best way to save Cuban socialism and its vaunted social safety net from an underachieving economy choked by excessive centralization and bureaucracy .
“ I ’m concerned about the future of my country , and it worries me that some still blindly believe that the old economic model we have is perfect , ” wrote J. Gonzalez Fernandez in another Granma editorial , saying that he is a 28 - year - old whose views are shared by “ almost all young people . ”
“ We ca n’t keep living in the past .
We have to think about the present and future of our country , ” he wrote , adding that he believed “ adjusting ” socialism was needed to ensure its survival .
What ’s not clear is when economic reforms may be enacted , nor how extensive they may be .
With frustrations running high , many insist changes can’t wait .
Even Cuba ’s Catholic Church weighed in last week , publishing an editorial written by priest and economist P. Boris Moreno , who warned of “ socioeconomic collapse ” if reforms are n’t made .
And yet , if “ privatization ” is being floated in Granma and other official newspapers , does it indicate some package of liberalization measures have already been decided upon by the Castro government ?
“ I think these are changes that almost everyone supports , including many Communist Party militants , but I do n’t know when they may occur ” said dissident economist Oscar Espinosa Chepe , who said he has been followed the debates “ with great interest . ”
“ Raul Castro raised a lot of expectations , and people are growing frustrated he has n’t done anything , ” he said .
Since Raul Castro officially took over Cuba ’s presidency from his elder brother in 2008 , his government has enacted modest reforms to Cuba ’s agricultural sector , putting unproductive state land in the hands of private farmers and cooperatives .
But many services and small businesses — from watch repair to fast - food restaurants to bakeries — remain in state hands .
And not everyone seems eager for that to change , as other editorials appearing in Granma have urged “ not to give capitalism an inch . ”
“ Now is not the time to create the conditions for the reintroduction of clever and treacherous capitalism into our homeland , ” wrote J.L. Valdes Carrasco , exhorting readers to work harder , produce more food , and “ place absolute trust in the leaders of the Revolution , ” while calling on young people to “ lead in the decisive stage of the Revolution , ” the term used on the island to refer to the Castros ’ socialist system .
One interesting feature of the Granma debates is that many of those who have submitted letters for and against economic reforms try to bolster their arguments by borrowing quotes from Fidel Castro ’s speeches .
Gonzalez , the 28 - year - old , cited Castro ’s words from a 2000 May Day speech in making his case : “ Revolution is everything that should be changed . ”
That partisans on both sides would quote Castro may be a preview of the political debates likely to ensue once he , Raul , and their generation of Cuban leaders is gone , and younger Cubans are left to sort out the island ’s problems .
Enlarge By Hadi Mizban , AP
An Iraqi woman casts her vote for the parliamentary elections on Sunday in Baghdad , Iraq .
BAGHDAD  Millions of Iraqis voted in national elections on Sunday despite bomb and grenade attacks in a test of democracy and Iraq 's ability to take over security from American troops .
Election observers said the most open and competitive election since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein went smoothly .
People emerged smiling from polling stations with purple - stained fingers , the signature Iraqi method to prevent vote fraud , and said they hoped for a better future .
" We have suffered from the security situation , the lack of jobs and poor basic services , " said Usra Abdullah , 48 , in Baghdad .
" If it means that I die while casting my vote then I die . "
President Obama praised the Iraqis ' stand against violence .
" The Iraqi people have chosen to shape their future through the political process , " he said .
Poll openings at 7 a.m. were met with numerous blasts .
In an explosion near Sadr City , rescue workers said they could hear women and children under the debris screaming for help .
The Interior Ministry said at least 35 people had died in the violence .
Maj . Gen. Ahmed Assadi , an Iraqi army commander , said voters were undeterred .
" Ninety - nine percent believe in the political process .
We cannot and will not let the other 1 % decide for us , " he said .
Iraqis living in the United States also voted in six U.S. cities over the weekend .
" Today is like Eid for me , " Haadi Al - Bagdadi , 48 , of Dearborn , Mich. , said after voting , referring to the Muslim holy day .
His brother and three brothers - in - law were killed by the Hussein regime .
The election comes nearly seven years after the U.S. invasion in 2003 .
A free and fair election plays into Obama 's plan to withdraw 50,000 U.S. troops from Iraq in August — more than half of the 96,000 troops there .
U.S. ambassador Christopher Hill said the implication of the vote was " enormous . "
" If this goes well ... and if the government formation goes well , this could usher in a whole new beginning for this country and also U.S. relations with Iraq , " he said while in a U.S. base in Tikrit .
Voters on Sunday were choosing from 6,200 candidates for 325 seats in parliament who will select the next prime minister .
Four coalitions of candidates were running .
None was likely to gain a majority , which means the two top vote - getters may have to form a joint government .
Results were not expected for several days , the Independent High Electoral Commission said .
Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki was elected in 2005 largely from the support of Shiites , who are the majority in Iraq .
Sunnis , who were the backbone of the Hussein regime , largely boycotted that election but appeared to be voting Sunday , according to the European Commission .
Russia 's Olympic athletes flew to Vancouver with high hopes of gold medals , world records and glory for the motherland .
But today they faced a chilly reception at home when the president joined in a growing chorus of criticism after the team 's worst performance at the winter games since the break - up of the Soviet empire .
Dmitry Medvedev demanded the resignation of the " fat cats " who he said bore responsibility for Russia 's dismal performance , which saw them finish with just three golds .
Despite bold predictions from sports officials it would finish in the top three , the country came 11th , well behind hosts Canada , who scooped a record 14 golds , and trailing South Korea , China and even the tiny Netherlands .
The result is a personal embarrassment for Vladimir Putin , Russia 's judo - loving black - belt prime minister .
Putin is closely linked with Russia 's sporting success and was instrumental in securing the 2014 Winter Olympics for Russia , to be held in the Black Sea resort of Sochi .
President Medvedev said those who trained the Russian team before the Vancouver games should " have the courage to step down " as a result of Russia 's woeful medals tally .
If they refused to resign " we will help them " , he said bluntly .
Over the weekend Medvedev abruptly cancelled a scheduled visit to last night 's closing ceremony , apparently in disgust .
" We must drastically change the training of our athletes … We have been living on Soviet resources for a long time .
But that is over now , " Medvedev told the ruling United Russia Party .
He added : " Unprecedented investments are being made in sports in Russia .
But money is not everything .
We should think about changing the training methods .
The new training system must focus on athletes rather than on fat cats . "
Opposition politicians demanded the sacking of the sports minister , Vitaly Mutko , and Russian Olympic committee president Leonid Tyagachyev , both close allies of Putin .
The pair were antiheroes , the Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper said , ridiculing Tyagachyev 's Panglossian prediction Russia would finish in the top three .
Other commentators pondered the reasons behind Russia 's sporting decline .
Since the 1960s the Soviet Union has performed impressively at the Winter Olympics , dominating disciplines such as ice - skating and hockey .
This year Russia 's ice hockey team lost in the quarter - finals , while in figure skating , the country came second to America .
Under communism , sport was a mass - participation activity , with talented youngsters identified early , dispatched to special sporting academies and given free coaching .
There were also regional centres of excellence among Soviet republics , with wrestlers from the Caucasus , basketball players from Lithuania and footballers and jumpers from Ukraine .
Now sport has become a pastime for Russia 's rich .
" If you look at the statistics for Russia 's Olympic medals you will see a reduction over the past 20 years , " Tamara Moskvina , a Russian figure skating coach and former Soviet national champion , told the Guardian ..
" We are harvesting the results of the dissolution of the USSR . "
Moskavina said sport collapsed in Russia during the 1990s , with many sportsmen and coaches finding employment abroad or drifting into other professions .
" Training facilities became obsolete or simply degraded .
Other centres were left behind in newly independent Soviet republics , " she said .
The Soviet speed skating rink , for example , ended up in Kazakhstan .
In recent years the situation had improved , Moskvina said , thanks to a large injection of funds from the Russian government .
But this was not sufficient to compensate for the exodus of top sportsmen and qualified coaches .
" In order to prepare a top - level Olympic champion you need from 10 to 20 years , " she said .
Another reason for Russia 's Olympic failure is that millions of roubles earmarked for preparations may have disappeared .
Sergey Stepashin , chairman of Russia 's accounts chamber , said he was conducting an urgent audit into what had happened to Olympic funds .
" We need to carry out a thorough assessment before the Sochi games , " he said .
Not all of the money appears to have gone where it was needed .
Today 's Moscow Times reported that Russia 's luge team had to make its own equipment because of a lack of funds .
Albert Demchenko , 38 , who came fourth in the Olympics , said there was insufficient money for his sport , adding that when his luge broke he had to repair it himself .
At the Turin games in 2006 , Russia performed respectably , finishing in the top five , with 22 medals , including eight golds .
This year , in addition to three golds it scooped five silvers and seven bronzes .
Russia 's Olympic committee was unavailable for comment .
Putin has shrugged off suggestions that Russia faces the humiliating prospect of finishing towards the bottom of the medals table when it hosts the games in four years .
" Of course we expected more from our team , " Putin said , while the games were nearing their close on Friday .
" But that 's not cause to throw up our hands , wear a sackcloth and ashes or beat ourselves with chains . "
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - A strong earthquake hit Japan ’s southern island of Okinawa early on Saturday and Japan ’s weather agency issued a tsunami warning for up to 2 meters , but this was later lifted and there were no reports of major damage .
The U.S. Geological Survey said the 7.3 magnitude quake struck at 5:31 a.m. on Saturday ( 2031 GMT on Friday ) 52 miles east of the island ’s capital of Naha , a city of about 320,000 about 1,600 km ( 1,000 miles ) south of Tokyo .
The Japan Meteorological Agency , which put the magnitude at 6.9 , warned residents near the coast to evacuate to high ground , but the tsunami warning was later lifted .
Okinawa prefectural police official Noritomi Kikuzato told Reuters there were no reports of injuries or major damage .
“ First there was a strong vertical shake , then sideways .
The strong quake lasted for about 10 seconds , ” said Naha city official Seiboku Sueyoshi .
An official at oil refiner Nansei Sekiyu KK said operations at its 100,000 barrels per day Nishihara refinery on the island were continuing normally after the quake and that there had been no reports of major damage to the facilities .
Public broadcaster NHK said local fire departments so far had no reports of injuries or damage to buildings .
Earthquakes are common in Japan , one of the world ’s most seismically active areas .
The country accounts for about 20 percent of the world ’s earthquakes of magnitude 6 or greater .
In October 2004 , an earthquake with a magnitude of 6.8 struck the Niigata region in northern Japan , killing 65 people and injuring more than 3,000 .
That was the deadliest quake since a magnitude 7.3 tremor hit the city of Kobe in 1995 , killing more than 6,400 .
HAIFA , Israel — Two members of the Universal House of Justice , Mr. Hooper Dunbar and Dr. Peter Khan , are leaving Haifa after decades of service at the Baha'i World Centre .
The results of a by - election to replace them on the nine - member House of Justice were announced on 20 March , with the change effective immediately .
The Universal House of Justice , which has its permanent seat in Haifa , is the head of the Baha'i Faith .
The last regular election of the nine members took place in 2008 .
All have five - year terms , but the House of Justice gave permission to Mr. Dunbar and Dr. Khan to relinquish their positions owing to their advanced age and the burden of work associated with membership .
Mr. Dunbar , 72 , has served in Haifa since 1973 when he was called to the Baha'i World Centre as a member of the International Teaching Centre .
He was first elected to the Universal House of Justice in 1988 and since then has been elected to successive terms .
Originally from Los Angeles , as a young man he was an actor on stage , screen and television , making films with Columbia , Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , and Twentieth Century - Fox .
In 1958 he began 15 years of residence in Latin America , where he worked as a translator and educator .
Mr. Dunbar served as a member of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha 'is of Nicaragua before being named to the Auxiliary Board for Protection .
In 1968 he was appointed to the Continental Board of Counselors in South America and served in that position five years until moving to the Holy Land .
He is an accomplished painter whose works have been shown in Europe and elsewhere .
He is the author of a book - length study guide to the Kitab - i - Iqan ( Book of Certitude ) , one of the major works of Baha 'u 'llah , and of " Forces of Our Time : The Dynamics of Light and Darkness , " published last year .
Mr. Dunbar and his wife , Maralynn George Dunbar , have one son .
They will be establishing their new residence in California .
Dr. Khan , 73 , was first elected to the Universal House of Justice in 1987 and has served as a member since that time .
Born in New South Wales , Australia , he earned a doctorate in electrical engineering from the University of Sydney and then went to the University of Michigan in the United States as Fulbright postdoctoral fellow before becoming a member of the faculty there .
He returned to Australia in 1975 to professorial positions , first at the University of New South Wales and then at the University of Queensland .
Dr. Khan has published widely in his profession and from 1978 to 2000 was a member of the editorial board of the journal " IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory . "
He is a fellow of the Institution of Engineers Australia and a senior member of the Institution of Electrical and Electronics Engineers .
His Baha 'i service included membership on the Auxiliary Board , the National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha 'is of Australia , and the Continental Board of Counselors for Australasia before his appointment in 1983 as a member of the International Teaching Centre in Haifa .
He served in that capacity until his election to the House of Justice .
Dr. Khan has lectured widely on Baha 'i subjects and has written numerous articles on the Baha'i Faith .
With his wife , Dr. Janet Khan , he is the author of " Advancement of Women : A Baha'i Perspective . "
They will now make their home in Australia .
The next regular election of all nine members of the Universal House of Justice will be at the International Baha'i Convention in Haifa in 2013 .
In the past few years many techniques have been developed to help applications interact with each other .
One of them are webservice - interfaces .
These interfaces are extremly popular in the world of Java software development .
One Framework that can be used to build such interfaces is Apache CXF .
Apache CXF delivers a toolset to develop interfaces using different protocols like XML / HTTP , RESTful HTTP , Corba and SOAP .
In this article i’d like to show how easy it could be to develop a simple SOAP - webservice based on Apache CXF 2.2.6 and the Spring Framework 3.0.1 .
You can download the full example at the bottom of this article .
Setting up the project …
First I set up a small Maven 2 project that packages my application as a web application archive ( *. war - file ) .
Therefore I created the following pom.xml :
4.0.0 com.unitedcoders.demo CXFExampleService war 0.0.1 - SNAPSHOT
Example Apache CXF Webservice http://unitedcoderscom.appspot.com
<!--
Dependency properties -->4.5
2.2.63.0.1.RELEASE
1.1.1
<!-- Plugin configuration -->CXFExampleServiceorg.apache.maven.pluginsmaven-compiler-plugin
1.6 1.6
org.apache.cxfcxf-java2ws-plugin${cxf.version}org.apache.cxfcxf-rt-frontend-jaxws${cxf.version}org.apache.cxfcxf-rt-frontend-simple${cxf.version}process-classesprocess-classes
com.unitedcoders.demo.PersonService true true java2ws
<!-- Dependency definitions --> <!--
Apache CXF dependencies --> org.apache.cxf cxf-rt-frontend - jaxws $ {cxf.version} org.apache.cxf cxf-rt-transports-http $ {cxf.version} <!-- Spring Dependencies --> org.springframework spring - core $ {spring-version} org.springframework spring - web $ {spring - version} <!--
Logging --> commons - logging commons - logging $ {commons-logging - version} <!--
Testing --> junit junit $ {junit - version} test
My projects structure
phil@invader :~/ Projects /CXFExample$ tree .
|-- README.txt |-- pom.xml `-- src |-- main | |-- java | | `-- com | | `-- unitedcoders | | `-- demo | | |-- Person.java | | |-- PersonService.java | | `-- PersonServiceImpl.java | |-- resources | | `-- application - context.xml | `-- webapp | `-- WEB-INF | `-- web.xml `-- test `-- java `-- com `-- unitedcoders `-- demo
|-- PersonServiceImplTest.java `-- PersonTest.java 14 directories , 9 files phil@invader : ~/ Projects / CXFExample $
Let ’s first take a look on what has happened here .
I defined some Apache CXF 2.2.6 dependencies which are needed to create my SOAP - webservice .
To use the Spring framework in my little project I also added spring - core and spring - web in version 3.0.1 to my dependencies .
Additionally I defined some other dependencies like JUnit and Apache commons - logging .
But what has happend to the Maven 2 plugins ?
The first plugin I configured in my project is the maven - compiler - plugin .
This plugin is a plugin of Mavens standard lifecycle .
My configuration lets Maven 2 know which Java version should be used to compile my source .
I prefer to use Java 1.6 .
The second plugin I defined is the cxf - java2ws - plugin .
This Maven 2 plugin helps me to generate a WSDL - file from my annotated Java webservice - class .
Developing the SOAP webservice
To have a little showcase I created a simple class “ Person ” containing the only one member field “ name ” .
Later on the webservice should get a persons name from a client and answer with a short greeting like „ Hello [ NAME ] ! “ .
package com.unitedcoders.demo ; public class Person { private String name ; public Person ( String name ) { this .name = name ; } public String getName ( ) { return name ; } public void setName ( String name ) { this .
name = name ; } }
After that I created a simple endpoint - interface for my webservice and annotated it as a @ WebService .
package com.unitedcoders.demo ; import javax.jws .
WebService ; @ WebService public interface PersonService { public String greetPerson( String name ) ; }
The implementation is as simple as the interface and is also annotated as a @ WebService .
Additionally the “ endpointInterface ” is defined as an annotation - parameter .
package com.unitedcoders.demo ; import javax.jws.WebService ; @ WebService(endpointInterface = " com.unitedcoders.demo.PersonService " ) public class PersonServiceImpl implements PersonService { public String greetPerson ( String name ) { Person person = new Person ( name ) ; return " Hello " + person.getName ( ) + " ! " ; } }
That ’s all .
These three little files are representing my whole webservice .
Combining everything
To get the webservice working I finally combined Spring and my webservice - implementation .
Therefore I first defined the applications context .
First I added three imports to my applications context .
There are three imports that add CXF - specific bean definitions and configurations to my applications context .
After that a singleton bean of my webservice is needed .
And at least a jaxws : endpoint is defined that maps my bean to the endpoint to the path “ / personService ” .
application - context.xml :
<!--?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?--> <!--
Spring manage ServiceBean --> <!-- JAX - WS Service Endpoint -->
Now the context is ready to use .
But what about the web.xml .
The web.xml should now define a ContextLoaderListener to start up my Spring application context .
Additionally a CXFServlet must be defined to make the application accessible as a webservice .
I mapped to the CXFServlet to “ /* ” . “ /* ” means that all services delivered by the CXFServlet are accessible right after the context ( e.g. http://[ HOST ] :[ PORT ]/[ CONTEXT ]/[ CXFSERVLET ] ) .
<!--?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?-->CXF Example Webserviceorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListener
contextConfigLocation classpath: application-context.xml CXFServlet org.apache.cxf.transport.servlet.CXFServlet 1 CXFServlet /*
Testing the new SOAP - webservice
After building this Maven 2 project with „ mvn clean package “ a new war - file will be placed in the target folder .
This war - file now contains an entire webservice .
If it is deployed on a Java web container like Apache Tomcat you can reach the webservice by accessing it in your browser .
http://[ YOUR TOMCAT ] :[ PORT ]/CXFExampleService/personService?wsdl
To run some functional tests on the new webservice an test if the webservice works as expected I used soapUI which can be downloaded here .
soapUI is a really famous tool that can be used to test webservices .
It can be used as a standalone application or as a IDE plugin ( e.g. for eclipse ) .
Download the full example :
DOWNLOAD
Some resources :
http://cxf.apache.org
http://www.springsource.org/download
http://www.soapui.org
430,000
SIMULATED MARS SOIL - Developed in 2007 by NASA and JPL Scientists working on the Mars Phoenix mission , this simulated Martian Soil is great for experimentation and science fair projects .
What plant life will flourish in the material ?
What useful products can be extracted from it ?
Have a look at our Simulated Mars Soil page for details .
~CAT'S WHISKER~ CRYSTAL RADIO - Our new ' Ultimate Crystal Radio ' contains a Germanium crystal ' cat 's whisker ' instead of a modern diode .
A true vintage Crystal Radio kit !
Just like our standard Crystal Radio kit , everything you need is included .
See our Crystal Radios section .
SPINTHARISCOPES ! - See actual atoms splitting !
The World 's only nuclear powered toys , our Nuclear Spinthariscope and our Super Spinthariscope are modern versions of a fascinating device that allows you to see the result of nuclear interactions in real time .
Check out our Spinthariscope page for info .
The world of the Japanese mafia calls once again , dragging the Dragon of the Dojima Clan out from orphanage - operating retirement back into the fold of classy corruption .
Yes , the most deservedly niche franchise of its time returns to the States with Yakuza 3 , and boasts the same intricate mob stories and addictive mini - game variety that has given it such a rich cult following .
Does that unique mix of sandbox action and RPG leveling still carry that criminal charm , or is it time for even the otakus to find a new family ?
Kazuma Kiryu has left the underworld of Japanese crime for the simple life of running an orphanage out of seaside Okinawa .
Content with the simple pleasures , Kazuma is once again drawn into the realm of the Yakuza when this slice of paradise is threatened by an assassination attempt involving both the orphanage ’s owner and the head of Kazuma ’s former clan .
Taking place both in idyllic Okinawa and a hectic portion of Tokyo , Yakuza 3 ’s plot unfolds heavily and vividly , crossing family lines with multiple clans and involving dozens of dynamic characters .
Too open to be The Godfather and too varied for The Sopranos , the game manages to carve out its out identity in the crowded crime - story motif .
Occasionally falling into a melodrama ditch , some characters taking on more than their fair share of the eccentricities , the plot never strays too far from believability , and character interaction and motivation flow better than most in the business of mob storyline can hope to accomplish .
Exposition can be handled out in bulky chunks at times , and the storyline often requires drawn out cinematics that occasionally hits the low end of Kojima - time , making the plot one that is periodically difficult to digest at once .
But once the complexities sort out , players will feel legitimately involved and badass for the experience .
An immediate calling card for Kazuma ’s Yakuza adventures has been their unashamed Japanese - ness .
While nothing to get lost in translation with , players new to the Rising Sun aesthetic may feel their reference - tracking abilities falling through the cracks intermittently .
Kiryu learns new special combat moves by capturing cell phone photos and blogging about them , date nights often involve individual karaoke parties , and most of the food names will go right over the Jack n the Box frequenter ’s head .
But these cultural marks are Yakuza 3 ’s badges of pride , the game reveling in the unique sensibilities that populate its bustling cityscapes .
Sega continues repenting for their mistake on the first game in the series by including only the Japanese voice dub , the authentic delivery adding the olive to the game ’s vodka - smooth design .
Now , if we can only get those hostess clubs back in with DLC …
Most anyone familiar with the Yakuza series will immediately brand it the “ Japanese Grand Theft Auto , ” and be completely wrong in the process .
While sprawling urban landscapes hide dozens of interactive oddities and side - missions within its streets , this spiritual successor to Shenmue lacks the immediacy and limitlessness that Rockstar ’s lead franchise has become known for .
In place of a truly open world are two tightly - packed cities bursting to the seams with arcade crane games , karaoke rooms , hidden coin -locker keys , batting cages , and literally dozens more activities to absorb your in - between mission time .
So vast is this extra-curricular scope ( over 150 non -storyline centered events are featured , not counting mini- games ) that new players are likely to be overwhelmed , and perfectionists equally put back by the sheer amount of content : the sub-quests and side attractions easily adding up to ten hours to the game ’s play time .
Many , arguably most , of these mini - games are not worth the effort , but it ’s hard to argue the depth that went into all the inclusions .
No one joins the mafia for the prime tee - off sports however , and Yakuza 3 throws the player hundreds of opportunities to introduce criminal scum to pavement .
Combat is broken up into the urban equivalent of random encounters ( read : some punks running up and challenging you ) and boss battles , operating in real - time and usually offering a string of melee weapons strewn about the fight space .
Landing successful hits with either knuckles or knives builds up Kazuma ’s energy , allowing for special moves or absolutely gruesome finishing moves .
Playing out as a series of timed button presses , these bits of badassery are embarrassingly cool bits of schadenfreude : ranging from Kiryu leaping full - weight onto a prone enemy ’s face to giving a full golfclub swing to a weakened thug ’s head .
Almost too over - the - top for the serious gangster climate , these are what keep the ultimately repetitive battles worthwhile , playing out like Mortal Kombat fatalities that grew up .
Adding to the beat - em - up flair of combat is the role - playing - esque leveling system .
Accumulated experience can be attached to multiple traits and abilities , each offering either greater potency or new moves / bonuses upon leveling .
The game keeps the snug medium between simple and excessive they discovered back in Yakuza 2 , offering enough variety in their upgradeable parts to maintain interest throughout a playthrough ( even one including the side missions ) while letting Kazuma be customized into most play styles without feeling lop - sided .
Unfortunately , the almost unforgiveable issue of Kazuma ’s movement controls operating on an unforgiving pivot remains despite four total games in the series .
The problem goes unnoticed in most boss battles – which feel suitably manly – but considering most random encounters involve Kiryu being swarmed by multiple thugs , it ’s a matter of consistent frustration .
Kazuma ’s movement during the adventure segments of the game is still a bit clunky too , running a bit too stiffly for those not familiar with the man ’s stoic gait .
It ’s a comparatively minimal complaint considering the game ’s vast array of play - times , but one that fails to completely blur into the background as the game progresses .
It has taken over a year for the fandom to usurp Sega ’s hesitance in a Western Yakuza 3 release , but the presentation has managed to remain strong in most aspects .
Background textures may run a bit fuzzy and some character movement hits a few degrees off normal , but most of the cinematics and in - game footage manage a realistic and dramatic look .
The presentation falters the most with facial animation that has been decidedly outpaced with releases even at the game ’s Japanese launch .
A frustrating issue arises in the game ’s tendency to break fluid and voiced cinematics with scroll - heavy in - game moments , breaking its own flow almost immediately .
The aforementioned voice acting is sensational and backed a giddy soundtrack ranging from J - Rock to smaltzy pop .
All in all , the presentation falls in line with the inspired story to deliver an engaging , if sometimes self - defeating , tale .
Taglines deprive Yakuza 3 of what essentially makes it so appealing , it ’s sheer uniqueness .
While gamers can spot semblances to dozens of popular titles , no series has managed to mold them into such a novel package .
The mini-games and side missions employ a kitchen - sink method that has more failures than successes , and long - standing control issues inexplicably linger on , but a legitimate and gripping story backed by enduring visuals will hook pretty much anyone with an attraction with a criminal side .
Be warned , the alluring draw of all the game ’s activities make it an impossible rental recommendation for those that would like to send out for a new game in the next few weeks .
Its adherence to its Japanese roots may give it a “ No More Heroes with Class ” vibe , those that brave the weirdness can find a lot to love .
Yakuza has always been its own beast , and the latest adventure adds a respectable new chapter to a saga worthy of the high praise .
Following the form displayed at the four pre-season testing events , qualifying at Bahrain threw up a few surprises that we are all now talking about : Vettel and Red Bull on pole ; the poor one lap pace of McLaren ; Schumacher consistently slower than Rosberg ; the great pace of Kubica in the Renault and the poor speed of Sauber and Toro Rosso .
However , did you notice the difference between the times of Q2 and Q3 ?
Unlike last year , the teams qualify in low fuel for all three sessions and the entire top ten used the ‘ option ’ tyre ( super softs ) for both Q2 and Q3 .
You would expect drivers to get quicker or at least produce very similar times in these two sessions , especially with no change in track conditions .
This did not happen .
With the sole exception of Massa in the Ferrari , every driver was significantly slower in Q3 compared to Q2 with most doing times half a second off their previous pace .
Pos Driver Team Q3 Time Diff .
To Q2 time 1 Vettel Red Bull 1:54.101 + 0.218s 2 Massa Ferrari 1:54.242 – 0.089s 3 Alonso Ferrari 1:54.608 + 0.436s 4 Hamilton McLaren 1:55.217 + 0.510s 5 Rosberg Mercedes 1:55.241 + 0.559s 6 Webber Red Bull 1:55.284 + 0.966s 7 Schumacher Mercedes 1:55.524 + 0.419s 8 Button McLaren 1:55.672 + 0.504s 9 Kubica Renault 1:55.885 + 0.922s 10 Sutil Force India 1:56.309 + 1.313s
As the track conditions had not changed , the difference can only be put down to drivers trying too hard to get that perfect lap for the first pole of the new season .
Rosberg said that he really thought he could get pole but struggled with his tyres and said that if he got too much oversteer in one corner and overheated the tyres , the next few corners would be ruined .
Therefore , Massa ’s performance is all the more impressive as he was the only driver to keep his cool and go quicker in Q3 than he had in Q2 .
Vettel was quickest in both Q2 and Q3 , but if you believe pre-season testing then the Ferraris will definitely beat the Red Bull tomorrow in the race .
However , it just goes to show , do n’t be fooled by what happens in pre-season testing !
Jake McMillan
If you think Santa Claus gets a lot of mail , that 's nothing compared to the Federal Communications Commission 's Enforcement Bureau , the part of the regulatory agency that handles indecency complaints .
Tim Doyle , a reporter for industry consulting firm SNL Kagan , went to the trouble of filing a Freedom of Information
Act to get a little information about just how many complaints the FCC is sifting through and what shows are the biggest offenders .
Before we get to what shows are getting the most complaints , let 's look at the backlog of indecency complaints at the FCC .
Doyle reports here that at the end of last year the FCC had a walloping 1.45 million pending complaints and 12,049 open cases .
The program that is keeping the FCC most busy is Fox 's animated sitcom " Family Guy . "
A March 2009 episode alone generated almost 200,000 complaints , according to Doyle 's arithmetic .
I missed that episode , but Doyle 's story on it said the show included a plot line involving horse semen .
We do n't know if that was the one that got the show an Emmy nomination or not , but either way the folks at " Family Guy " probably do n't have a lot of friends in Fox 's Washington , D.C. , office at the moment .
Usually , if a show generates that many complaints odds are it had some help from an advocacy group that got its membership to take part in a mass mailing .
We 're not playing connect the dots here , but the first quote in Doyle 's story about the high number of complaints involving " Family Guy " is from Dan Isett , a director of the Parents Television Council , a media watchdog group that is no fan of the show .
But a complaint is a complaint in the eyes of the FCC .
The high volume around " Family Guy " could become a big headache for the network if the commission were to go after the show .
A
Fox spokesman said , " We take any inquiry seriously and respond to each in an appropriate and timely fashion . "
Of course , the above - mentioned episode of " Family Guy " is not the only one that 's been noticed by the FCC .
There are thousands of other complaints about various episodes of the show piled up at the regulatory agency .
There are some other amusing tidbits amid Doyle 's findings , including one that shows the risk of panning the stands of a football game .
Fox got almost 150,000 complaints when it showed a fan at a football game wearing a shirt that suggested the Philadelphia Eagles do something to themselves that is probably physically impossible .
And perhaps we can do a little public service here .
Folks , the FCC does not regulate content on cable networks , especially premium channels , so stop sending in complaints about HBO 's " Big Love . "
-- Joe Flint
This one will definitely put a smile on the faces of all those who think Google 's Street View service is invading their privacy : Members of German Free Art & Technology group ( F.A.T. ) noticed Google 's Street View car in Berlin and decided to attach a GPS device to it and track its movement .
The result of their efforts can be seen on a large map , and although it does n't seem to show anything out of the ordinary — the Google Street View car seemed to be driving around Berlin as it should be ( until they realized they were being tracked and removed the GPS device ) , but it was nice to be able to reverse the roles and snoop on Google , even for a short while .
As you probably know by now , yesterday Eric Cantor , the second - ranking House Republican , falsely claimed to the national press corps that his campaign office had been targeted by a gunman in the wake of Sunday 's health care reform vote .
Here 's a video showing Cantor 's claim , explaining why it was false , and documenting Fox 's breathless promotion of the tale :
Here 's a bit more detail on what happened : an office in the same building where Cantor has an office ( it 's unmarked and not in his district ) was hit by a bullet that had been randomly fired skyward .
The bullet could easily have been fired a half - mile away , but even setting that aside , the fact that Cantor had an office in the building was not widely known ( it 's not listed on his website ) .
Anyone actually targeting Cantor would have picked a different location .
Cantor 's tale was an an obvious attempt to give the national media a " Fair & Balanced " narrative that both sides are doing it when it comes to threats of political violence .
But that narrative is not true .
So Cantor simply lied .
Made it up .
Saw himself some Tuzla sniper fire .
Carved a virtual backwards B into his cheek .
He abandoned any pretense to honesty and accuracy , and demonstrated his utter contempt for the national media by crying wolf straight to their face .
And Fox ate it up and spit it right back out at their audience , completely , wholeheartedly , and absolutely uncritically .
Just as Eric Cantor is a liar , this incident shows ( yet again ) that the crew at Fox News are not journalists .
Who knew that Glenn Beck would freak out the Fox News family in general ?
Seems like a mutiny is brewing and Ailes , the Michael Corleone of Fox , had to step in .
Naturally , he came down on the side of his protege , the Fearmonger - in - Chief .
NY Daily News :
Fox News ' founder is asking the network 's Glenn Beck haters to stop " shooting in the tent , " claiming the in - house anti-Beck vitriol is unprecedented in the company 's 14 - year history .
Roger Ailes dropped by Fox 's Washington bureau Wednesday to give his staff a pep talk before the annual Radio and Television Correspondents ' dinner , mediabistro.com reports .
The topic of conversation quickly turned to conservative commentator Glenn Beck , whose hyper - opinionated commentary is a ratings boon for Fox -- but also a recently revealed source of tension for the network ’s other journalists .
A column in the Washington Post on Monday revealed that some
Fox staffers are concerned the celebrity pundit is " becoming the face of the network . "
Ailes pointed out that the information in The Post 's column was leaked by Fox ’s Washington bureau .
" For the first time in our 14 years , we ’ve had people apparently shooting in the tent , from within the tent , " he told them .
But the Fox chairman clarified that Beck ’s opinions were not that of the network and were firmly within his rights as a commentator .
" We prefer people in the tent not dumping on other people in the tent , " he added .
Ailes warned that people who found it hard to stand in Beck ’s shadow had another option besides denigrating their own team .
" If I could n’t defend the family , I ’d leave , ” he said .
It 's Beck 's way or the highway , Foxites .
Hullabaloo :
I realize , naturally , that Fox is n't actually a news organization but rather a political organization , but still , this is rather stunning , even for them .
Ailes always says there 's a difference between the opinion shows and the news broadcasts .
If that 's so , then the other opinion shows should have the privilege of expressing differences of opinions with Beck , and the few " news " people should be in the business of debunking him if he requires debunking ( and he does --- oh , how he does . )
If nobody is allowed to " shoot inside the tent " they all become little Glenn Becks .
Maybe that 's the plan .
Roger is telling his people that if they do n't like Beck - - either keep it in the family or you 'll be sleeping with the fishes .
Part I Of Massa 's Amazing Interview With Glenn Beck , In Which Tickle Fights And Naval Orgies Are Discussed In Uncomfortable Detail
Sleep is important for assimilating new information A nap during the day improves the brain 's ability to absorb new information , US scientists claim .
Volunteers who slept for 90 minutes during the day did better at cognitive tests than those who were kept awake .
Results of the University of California at Berkeley study involving 39 healthy adults were presented at a conference .
A UK - based sleep expert said it was hard to separate the pure " memory boosting " effects of sleep from those of simply being less tired .
Sleep not only rights the wrong of prolonged wakefulness , but , at a neurocognitive level , it moves you beyond where you were before you took a nap
Dr Matthew Walker , UC Berkeley
The wealth of study into the science of sleep in recent years has so far failed to come up with conclusive evidence as to the value of a quick " siesta " during the day .
The latest study suggests that the brain may need sleep to process short - term memories , creating " space " for new facts to be learned .
In their experiment , 39 healthy adults were given a hard learning task in the morning - with broadly similar results , before half of them were sent for their siesta .
When the tests were repeated , the nappers outperformed those who had carried on without sleep .
Checks on brain electrical activity suggested that this process might be happening in a sleep phase between deep sleep , and dreaming sleep , called stage 2 non -rapid eye movement sleep , when fact - based memories are moved from " temporary storage " in the brain 's hippocampus to another area called the pre-frontal cortex .
Brain ' inbox '
Dr Matthew Walker , who led the study , reported at the AAAS conference in San Diego , said : " Sleep not only rights the wrong of prolonged wakefulness , but , at a neurocognitive level , it moves you beyond where you were before you took a nap .
" It 's as though the e-mail inbox in your hippocampus is full , and , until you sleep and clear out all those fact e-mails , you 're not going to receive any more mail .
" It 's just going to bounce until you sleep and move it into another folder . "
However , Professor Derk - Jan Dijk , the director of the Surrey Sleep Research Centre , said that there was no clear evidence that daytime napping offered a distinct advantage over sleeping just once over 24 hours .
" The sleep - wake cycle is not as rigid as we might think - we have the capability to sleep in different ways . "
He said that while the brain effect reported in the study might be spotted in a laboratory setting , the picture became more clouded in the " real world " .
" The size of these effects are much more difficult to assess - if I have to learn something , for example , it 's easier to do this when I 'm feeling awake and alert than when I 'm sleepy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It was a beautiful day in DC as the Supreme Court heard oral argument in the landmark Bilski case , a case that could drastically limit the scope of what is patentable .
Bernard Bilski , Rand Warsaw and attorney Michael Jakes
The line of visitors hoping to get a seat in the court and view oral argument was huge .
It stretched away from the Supreme Court building across the marble concourse and down the steps .
It then dog - legged left and stretched the full width of the Supreme Court building , ending where camera crews were setup to collect interviews with those participating in court proceedings
Prior to the hearing , I went along the line of those waiting to gain entry to the Bilski hearing to find out why they were there .
Did they know much about the case or were they just tourists hoping to get a glimpse of Supreme Court proceedings ?
In all , I met only one claimed business method inventor , the rest were lawyers or law students .
No tourists .
So certainly a huge level of interest from the legal profession .
It left me to wonder , how much is the software patent industry worth to the legal profession ?
And is it any wonder that a major lobby for software patents is the legal profession itself ?
This is a case that could have huge implications for developers ' ability to patent software , but software developers were nowhere to be found , or if present , were out - numbered twenty to one by lawyers .
There is something rather perverse about the patenting of software when the vast majority of those that practice the art of software development want nothing to do with the patent system - and for good reason .
After oral argument , I had the opportunity to put some questions to the patent holders themselves , Bernard Bilski and Rand Warsaw , and to the attorney who argued their case for them in front of the justices , Michael Jakes .
As in oral argument , Mr Jakes was unabashed : let everything under the sun be within the scope for a twenty year monopoly that the patent system grants , let software developers practice their art at the pleasure of lawyers , and trust the PTO and litigation to clean up the mess .
Mr Bilski and Mr Warsaw were also explicit that the idea of patenting their clever math was justified , claiming they had invested millions to device their equations .
As to the unpatented math they had built their business method upon , what did they think of that ?
In their view , that was simply a historic failure of the system to not grant such patents !
Software patents are so far out of step with previous Supreme Court rulings one can only wonder what Mr Jakes and his clients hope to achieve with this brazen line of argument .
Does he think he can create a separate reality for the justices ?
To be honest , I think that 's exactly what he and the software patent lobby hopes for .
It is unfortunate , but even Mr Stewart arguing for the Government would n't make the necessary argument to limit software patents .
Certainly one of the most telling exchanges was with Justice Kennedy :
Mr Stewart :
We recognize that there are difficult problems out there in terms of patentability of software innovations and medical diagnostics .
Justice Kennedy :
You thought we -- you thought we would mess it up .
Mr Stewart :
We did n't think the Court would mess it up .
We thought that this case would provide an unsuitable vehicle for resolving the hard questions because the case does n't involve computer software or medical diagnostic techniques , and therefore , we thought the Court would arrive at the position that I think , at least some members are feeling that you have arrived at , that you will decide this case , and most of the hard questions remain unresolved .
But leaving this situation unresolved is the worst possible outcome for software developers .
When you can patent math is it any wonder that there has been an explosion in the number of patents filed ?
200,000 software patents alone .
Now imagine that you are a programmer wanting to solve a problem by writing some code .
How will you know whether there might be a claim against your work by an entity holding one of these 200,000 patents ?
You do n't .
You wo n't even contemplate looking , because a system that has allowed software to be patented has already failed you .
Leaving this unresolved will allow large software patent holders like IBM and Microsoft and shadowy operations like that of ex-Microsoft CTO Nathan Mervold 's Intellectual Ventures to continue taking rents from anybody they target .
Despite the pleadings of those that practice the art , it seems that a large part of the legal profession is loathe to give up this profitable enterprise .
For a more sympathetic reading of why lawyers want to patent software , we might generously say they have a misunderstanding as to the nature of software .
There is a very interesting article on Groklaw by PolR entitled " An Explanation of Computation Theory for Lawyers " that takes this tact .
If nothing else it is worth linking to in the hopes that more lawyers might read it and realize the truth of the situation .
Introducing his article PolR says :
" Consider the following list of statements .
All software is data .
All software is discovered and not invented .
All software is abstract .
All software is mathematics .
....
When you know computation theory , you know without a shred of a doubt that each of these statements states a fact that is grounded in well - established mathematics .
If you do n't know computation theory , these statements will probably look to you like debatable issues . "
There are reports available now that analyze the Justices questioning during the argument .
They suggest a high degree of skepticism about business method and software patents .
I recommend reading End Software Patents ' Ciaran O'Riordan 's article on the subject for a listing of those comments .
Yet many of the pro-software patent attorneys hope that the court will follow the government 's lead and somehow keep software patents intact .
Let us hope that the Supreme Court Justices are constitutionalists this time around and can help liberate free software from the threat of patents , lawyers , and litigation .
For Cuban President Raul Castro , the results were “ historically transcendent . ”
It was “ the unity project of Simon Bolivar and Jose Marti beginning to take institutional shape , ” wrote Angel Guerra Cabrera of visionesalternativas.com .
Presidents and representatives of 33 Latin American and Caribbean nations met February 23 and 24 to form an organization provisionally called the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ( CLACS ) .
The 21st Summit of the Rio Group and the Second Latin American Summit on Integration and Development convened together in Cancun , Mexico to constitute the new group .
Bolivian President Evo Morales and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez had propelled the initiative with their call for a new Organization of American States ( OAS ) “ without the North , without the empire , without the United States and Canada . ”
Even conservatively inclined Latin American leaders joined in , according to the analyst , because they reject the historic OAS tolerance of violent rule , invasions and coups .
However , Honduran President Porfirio Lobo was not invited , because several regional states still consider his November 29 election to have been illegitimate .
Organizational details of the new group will emerge at the next CLACS summit in Caracas in 2011 .
The group takes shape 200 years after the beginning of the anti-colonial struggle against Spain .
An 88 point “ Declaration of Cancun ” outlined goals , purposes and methods .
It announced the intention of CLACS “ to deepen the political , economic , social and cultural integration of our region ” , and also to “ act to promote sustainable development … within the framework of democracy , unity , solidarity , cooperation , political agreement , and unfettered respect for human rights ” .
The document “ took note of “ challenges facing small , vulnerable and highly indebted countries . ”
The founding declaration catalogued specific sectors targeted for integration .
Financial proposals came first , covering financial markets , funding for development projects , a common currency , and orderly debt repayments .
Sectors to come under the continent - wide agreement include : energy , physical integration of infrastructure , science and technology , food security , hunger and poverty eradication , health care and clean water .
Other categories are education and culture , migration , sustainable development , natural disasters , climate change , south - south cooperation , youth services and the fight against terrorism and narco trafficking .
At the concluding session , Mexican President Felipe Calderon , who hosted the meeting , anticipated the “ promoting of a regional agenda in world forums , and being positioned more favorably in confronting global developments . ”
The conservative president opined that CLACS posed no threat to other nations and that Mexico would also continue as an OAS member .
Speaking to summit delegates and reporters , the heads of state offered disparate views .
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva rejected theories of anti-U.S. motivations , likening the situation to children who , coming of age , go their own way .
Lula was alone in assailing the coup last June that removed Honduran President Manuel Zelaya .
The Brazilian president professed optimism :
There will be a U.S. government , he promised “ that sees the uselessness of continuing ” the blockade against Cuba .
President Chavez toned down anti-imperialist rhetoric and , to preserve unity , called for the CLACS to steer clear of political stridency .
He foresaw the new organization as focusing on administrative aspects of integration .
At the end of the summit , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe interrupted a discussion on support for Haiti to assail Chavez verbally .
President Evo Morales of Bolivia read the fracas as a provocation by Uribe instigated by his U.S. handlers .
President Leonel Fernandez of the Dominican Republic and others engineered a temporary peace .
Commentator Cabrera marveled at the changes in Latin America since 1999 , when Chavez was elected President of Venezuela .
Socialist Cuba was alone then , under severe blockade , but now has joined the community of Latin American and Caribbean nations as a model of independence and an honored practitioner of international solidarity .
Cuban President Raul Castro reminded the nation of “ our America ” ( Jose Marti ’s phrase ) of the Cuban independence hero ’s doctrine that “ homeland is humanity ” .
He expressed appreciation for their denunciation of the U.S. blockade against Cuba , called for reconstruction and decolonization in Haiti , and joined the summit in backing Argentina ’s claims to the Malvinas ( Falklands ) islands and their offshore oil reserves .
Photo : Brazilian President da Silva and Venezuelan President Chavez visit a refinery in Abreu and Lima , Brazil .
Wikimedia/CC
NEW ORLEANS 
The lawyer for one of the four men arrested Monday on charges of interfering with the phones in Senator Mary L. Landrieu ’s office in New Orleans said the episode was a prank based on what conservative activists have said was a problem getting through to the senator ’s office during the health care debates .
“ I think it was an allegation or a rumor about Ms. Landrieu ’s office not dealing with phone calls about health reform , ” said J. Garrison Jordan , the lawyer for Robert Flanagan , the only one of the four men from Louisiana .
James O’Keefe III , a conservative activist and filmmaker who was one of the men arrested , used a cellphone to record either audio or video in Ms. Landrieu ’s offices , witnesses have said .
The men ’s intentions are not clear , but it is possible they were trying to show the office staff ’s reaction if the phone system were disconnected , or to show that the phones were actually working and calls were going through .
“ Mr. O’Keefe has a history of trying to embarrass agencies or political entities on camera , ” Mr. Jordan added .
“ I think it was just an ill - designed stunt with no intent to commit a crime . ”
Latest Posts
Featured Reports
In this original BTB Investigation , we unveil the tragic story of Kirk Murphy , a four - year - old boy who was treated for “ cross - gender disturbance ” in 1970 by a young grad student by the name of George Rekers .
This story is a stark reminder that there are severe and damaging consequences when therapists try to ensure that boys will be boys .
When we first reported on three American anti-gay activists traveling to Kampala for a three - day conference , we had no idea that it would be the first report of a long string of events leading to a proposal to institute the death penalty for LGBT people .
But that is exactly what happened .
In this report , we review our collection of more than 500 posts to tell the story of one nation ’s embrace of hatred toward gay people .
This report will be updated continuously as events continue to unfold .
Check here for the latest updates .
In 2005 , the Southern Poverty Law Center wrote that “ [ Paul ] Cameron ’s ‘ science ’ echoes Nazi Germany . ”
What the SPLC didn” t know was Cameron does n’t just “ echo ” Nazi Germany .
He quoted extensively from one of the Final Solution ’s architects .
This puts his fascination with quarantines , mandatory tattoos , and extermination being a “ plausible idea ” in a whole new and deeply disturbing light .
From the Inside : Focus on the Family ’s “ Love Won Out ”
On February 10 , I attended an all - day “ Love Won Out ” ex -gay conference in Phoenix , put on by Focus on the Family and Exodus International .
In this series of reports , I talk about what I learned there : the people who go to these conferences , the things that they hear , and what this all means for them , their families and for the rest of us .
Prologue : Why I Went To “ Love Won Out ”
Part 1 : What ’s Love Got To Do With It ?
Part 2 : Parents Struggle With “ No Exceptions ”
Part 3 : A Whole New Dialect
Part 4 : It Depends On How The Meaning of the Word " Change " Changes
Part 5 : A Candid Explanation For " Change "
At last , the truth can now be told .
Using the same research methods employed by most anti-gay political pressure groups , we examine the statistics and the case studies that dispel many of the myths about heterosexuality .
Download your copy today !
And do n‘t miss our companion report , How To Write An Anti-Gay Tract In Fifteen Easy Steps .
Anti-gay activists often charge that gay men and women pose a threat to children .
In this report , we explore the supposed connection between homosexuality and child sexual abuse , the conclusions reached by the most knowledgeable professionals in the field , and how anti-gay activists continue to ignore their findings .
This has tremendous consequences , not just for gay men and women , but more importantly for the safety of all our children .
Anti-gay activists often cite the “ Dutch Study ” to claim that gay unions last only about 1 ½ years and that the these men have an average of eight additional partners per year outside of their steady relationship .
In this report , we will take you step by step into the study to see whether the claims are true .
Tony Perkins ’ Family Research Council submitted an Amicus Brief to the Maryland Court of Appeals as that court prepared to consider the issue of gay marriage .
We examine just one small section of that brief to reveal the junk science and fraudulent claims of the Family “ Research ” Council .
The FBI ’s annual Hate Crime Statistics are n’t as complete as they ought to be , and their report for 2004 was no exception .
In fact , their most recent report has quite a few glaring holes .
Holes big enough for Daniel Fetty to fall through .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The Conservatives still lag Labour in crucial marginal constituencies they must win to secure a clearcut election victory , according to a poll commissioned by Reuters .
Conservative party leader David Cameron speaks during his monthly new conference in central London March 23 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Toby Melville
The Ipsos MORI poll shows the Conservatives have cut Labour ’s lead in these constituencies , but the swing is not sufficient to guarantee them government after an election expected on May 6 .
It reinforces the prospect raised in most recent surveys of an inconclusive outcome .
“ This is very much hung parliament territory , ” said Helen Coombs , Ipsos MORI ’s Deputy Head of Political Research .
“ Nevertheless , everything is still to play for , since almost half the public , and a third of those who are certain they will vote , say they may still change their mind . ”
Because of the way Britain ’s electoral system works , winning constituencies or seats is more important than the overall national share of the vote and the Conservatives have poured money into marginals to help ensure victory .
KEY SEATS
The Ipsos MORI poll , based on responses from 1,007 prospective voters in key marginals , shows 41 percent of those who say they are certain to vote in the next election would vote Labour compared to 37 percent who would vote Conservative .
That is a five percent swing to the Conservatives from Labour compared to the last general election in 2005 -- and a better showing for them than nationally .
The Ipsos MORI national poll , published on Wednesday , shows a four percent swing .
The Conservatives need a swing of between five and nine percent to secure the marginals .
Ipsos MORI conducted the poll before Labour Chancellor Alistair Darling set out his 2010 budget on Wednesday although initial voter reaction suggested the budget , which was short on detail and long on politics , was likely to have limited impact .
“ I ’ve got no faith in Labour or the Conservatives , ” Ron Wilcox , a 73 - year - old pensioner , told Reuters on Thursday .
“ They all talk but there ’s nothing to back it up . ”
Asked what he thought of the budget , Wilcox said : “ Not a lot . ”
The Conservatives will be hoping to attract more supporters like 46 - year - old Nasir Gabrial , a taxi driver in Brighton , an area that has two marginal constituencies , one of which requires a swing of just over seven percent for the Conservatives .
“ I voted before for Labour but I will vote Conservative this time , ” Gabrial told Reuters .
He said the economy was the electoral main issue for him .
“ Labour has messed up this country , ” he said .
“ Now there ’s no money . ”
Despite the preference for Labour shown by voters in marginals , voters in these areas largely believed the Conservatives would end up being the largest party in parliament -- suggesting they are unaware of their power to shape the vote .
This is reinforced by figures showing 75 percent of respondents either believed they did not live in a marginal constituency or did not know whether they lived in one .
“ This is true , and highlights the scale of the task that the Conservatives face : to gain a majority they must be able to win in these key seats where Labour won comfortably last time and which would not conventionally be defined as marginal , ” Ipsos MORI ’s Coombs said .
Labour and Conservative voters are more likely to say they have definitely decided who to vote for than supporters of the Liberal Democrats , meaning there is huge scope for tactical voting by Liberal Democrats in these constituencies .
* Technical Details
- Ipsos MORI interviewed a representative sample of 1,007 adults aged 18 + across 56 marginal constituencies in Great Britain .
- These are Labour - held constituencies which the Conservatives need a swing of between 5 percent and 9 percent to win .
- Interviews were conducted by telephone 19 - 22 March 2010 , before Wednesday ’s budget .
- Data are weighted to match the profile of the population .
The decision invalidating the gene patents stunned many lawyers who follow such issues .
“ It ’s really quite a dramatic holding that would have the effect of invalidating many , many patents on which the biotechnology industry has invested considerable money , ” said Rebecca S. Eisenberg , a law professor at the University of Michigan who has written widely on gene patents .
The Genomics Law Report , an Internet journal , called the decision “ radical and astonishing in its sweep . ”
It headlined its article , “ Pigs Fly . ”
Although patents are not granted on things found in nature , the DNA being patented had long been considered a chemical that was isolated from , and different from , what was found in nature .
But Judge Sweet ruled that the distinguishing feature of DNA is its information content , its conveyance of the genetic code .
And in that regard , he wrote , the isolated DNA “ is not markedly different from native DNA as it exists in nature . ”
The immediate impact will be limited in part because the decision , made in a district court , does not apply to gene patents other than the ones it considered , and its value as precedent for other courts is limited .
Moreover , Myriad said Tuesday that it would appeal , and several lawyers said they expected the ruling to be overturned .
Professor Eisenberg said “ there is n’t a whole lot of doctrinal support ” for considering DNA as information rather than as a chemical .
Even before an appeal is decided , the landscape could change in a way that would render the Myriad case moot .
A ruling is expected soon from the Supreme Court in the so - called Bilski case .
That case does not directly concern gene patents — it is about a fight over a method of hedging risk in commodities trading — but it gives the Supreme Court a chance to set new standards on what is patentable .
“ We are still waiting , holding our breath for the Bilski case , ” said Kari Stefansson , head of research at DeCode Genetics , which sells disease risk tests similar to those sold by Myriad .
All that ’s missing is a piezoelectric crystal ( Image : RamiKatzav / iStock )
Every drop of water is stuffed with the greenest of fuels , hydrogen , but getting it out is a challenge .
A new material raises the prospect of doing so using noise pollution – from major roads , for example .
A team at the University of Wisconsin - Madison made crystals of zinc oxide that , when immersed in water , absorb vibrations and develop areas of strong negative and positive charge .
These charges rip apart nearby water molecules , releasing hydrogen and oxygen gas .
“ This is like a free lunch , ” says lead researcher Huifang Xu .
“ You are getting energy from the environment just like solar cells capture energy from the sun . ”
Advertisement
Underwater operator
Xu and colleagues generate hydrogen using a new variation on piezoelectric crystals – materials that generate a voltage when strained and which are being investigated as a way to generate electricity from movement .
The new crystals , however , are designed to be submerged , so the charge they generate instead pulls apart water molecules to release hydrogen and oxygen gas , a mechanism Xu ’s team calls the piezoelectrochemical effect .
Xu and colleagues grew thin microfibers of highly flexible zinc oxide crystals that flex when subjected to vibration , for example due to sound waves .
They showed that ultrasonic vibrations under water cause the fibres to bend between 5 and 10 degrees at each end , creating an electrical field with a high enough voltage to split water and release oxygen and hydrogen .
Growing fibres with different dimensions changes the type of vibration they absorb best .
For instance , it should be possible to tune them to maximise energy production from the vibrations caused by water flowing past or any other sound , say Xu .
Efficiency issue
Xu says that lab tests suggested the material can convert 18 per cent of the energy it absorbs from vibration into energy locked up in hydrogen gas , which can be released by burning .
Conventional piezoelectric materials are not as efficient at converting vibrations into electricity , and typically achieve around a 10 percent conversion rate .
Using the charge a material generates indirectly , to split water , instead of directly to drive current , accounts for the difference , says Xu .
The new materials could be used to develop systems that generate hydrogen from the noise of anything from machinery to crashing waves , he adds .
“ It ’s a good idea , ” says Jinhui Song of Georgia Tech University , Atlanta .
Because there is no need to create a circuit , devices based on the new crystals could be simpler than those based on conventional dry piezoelectrics , he points out .
“ They can reduce the complexity of the device . ”
However , he ’s sceptical that the wet devices should necessarily be more efficient .
In principle , says Song , the energy generated by a material should be the same however it is deployed .
Journal reference : Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters ( DOI : 10.1021/ jz100027t
Currently gay porn can be defined as the sex relationship between males for the purpose of satisfying their sexual arousal within their own community .
The pornography of this kind was once also known as soft - core pornography , which was accepted by homosexual males as well as heterosexual females as beefcake pornography .
The history of sex between men is not new as it is supposed to start from pre-historical times from Greek civilization of ancient times .
In order to narrate the history of homosexual activities among men you will have to search through various mediums .
Today homosexual pornography includes making and broadcasting private videos and short films through the internet and various other means of communication .
An American artist , Thomas Eakins , released a painting , The Swimming Hole in 1884 –85 which was considered as the most finely designed masterpiece outdoor picture by him .
This painting was considered as one of the initial examples of homosexual art of America .
At the right bottom of this picture Eakins himself seems to stand in the water in a particular pose to express his feelings about gay sex .
Jonathan Weinberg remarked on The Swimming Hole as the mark of commencement of erotic images of homosexuals in the American art form .
Since the invention of photography and movie making homosexual relationship has became its inevitable part .
But the pictures of such sexual activities were kept underground as they were considered obscene by law .
Most jurisdictions considered homosexual material as the proof of illegal activity under the laws of sodomy .
But the Supreme Court of United States has considered such laws as illegal in Lawrence v. Texas case in 2003 .
According to Wikipedia.org , the history of hardcore pornographic movies , however , starts even before the start of producing usual films which were known as stag films before 1970 when they were legalized .
In 1908 , it is supposed , that the first pornographic motion picture was produced in Europe .
But French film “ Le ménage moderne du Madame Butterfly ” , made and publicized in 1920 , is considered as the earliest film that focused on hardcore bisexual or gay sexual activities .
But , A Free Ride , produced and released in 1915 in America , was considered by most of the historians as the first American stag film .
But , The Surprise of a Knight , produced in 1929 is considered as the first official movie on hardcore homosexual activities .
Early pictures of hardcore gay activities were kept underground due to the restrictions of law and the initial pictures which were made available commercially included the images of males dressed with G - string or completely naked .
History
In the 1940s - 1950s the focus of gay porn was on the poses of muscular and young bodybuilders or athletes having less hair on their bodies .
These pictures were mainly published in fitness magazines , known as beefcake magazines , which were mainly read by fitness freak people .
In 1945 a photographer , Bob Mizer , founded the Athletic Model Guild or AMG in Los Angeles as the first studio to produce gay material commercially .
He also published a magazine , Physique Pictorial , in 1951 known as the first gay magazine of its kind which featured the drawings of Tom of Finland in its several issues .
Before his death in 1922 Mizer produced millions of images , videos and movies on pornography .
During the 1960s to 1970s photographers produced lots of movies on male masturbation and gay sex , separately or collectively , after the advent of 16 mm film cameras .
They sold these movies and pictures through various tactful channels including mail order distribution .
Some of the photographers involved in homo photography in initial days sold their films and photographs out of the rooms of their hotels only through magazine ads and mouth publicity while travelling around the country .
Sexual revolution
In 1960s supreme court of the United States released a series of rulings to create a more liberal and legal environment for the commercial use of pornography .
The first decision in this respect was made in MANual Enterprises in 1962 through which the magazines containing nude or nearly nude photographs of male models were not considered obscene as per the law of 1461 .
This ruling opened the mailing of the magazines containing photographs of nude males in gay sex activities through the U.S. Postal Service .
In about 1970 , Boys in the Sand produced by Wakefield Poole along with the works of filmmakers like the Park Theatre , Los Angeles , California and Pat Rocco were considered among the first pornographic movies on gay sex .
In December 1971 it was released in a theatre in New York City and received record breaking box office collections .
After it in June 1972 “ Deep Throat ” was successfully launched as a first straight American commercial film on homo pornography .
In this way during the 1970s the production of gay porn videos expanded considerably with the release of a number of adult movies on gay sex relationship , like “ Nights in Black Leather ” , in the theatres .
These gay porn videos you still able to find online , on sites like Tube.agaysex.com .
The artists were shown to enjoy homosexuality in sex clubs , beaches and bathhouses , etc .
Many magazines like Blueboy and “ In Touch ” as well as Playgirl on LGBT sex were also launched which were enjoyed by gay males and lesbian females overwhelmingly .
The period of 1970 - 1985 was the period of change for commercial pornography of homosexual males , which has developed as a large industry at present .
Being a developing industry , many actors from the LGBT community was recruited as due to the risk of social boycott and social discouragement people were not willing to act as gay .
During 1980s due to the introduction of VCRs adult sex movies were easily available to see at home at a very reasonable price .
The movies focused on sex between males were made more attractive to release them directly on home videos instead of on theatres .
Lots of producers entered in this trade and made lots of low budget porn videos which made these movies more affordable .
But the discovery of AIDS and HIV problems in the 1980s has also shifted the public viewing of x-rated movies to private viewing as it was considered riskier to view such movies in public .
Though the cost of these videos reduced considerably due to the introduction of video technology , but some of the gay movies of the 1970s were also published in novel form in 1980s .
There was no legal restriction on such publications .
The sex scenes of these films were described through some dialogues and the pictures of the performers involved in foreplay , anal penetration and close up of ejaculating penises at the climax .
Later on the standard of the gay models was set by some major directors , including Eric Peterson , Matt Sterling , William Higgins and John Travis .
The especially casted young performers to look like the 22 or 23 years old gay boys having a hairless slender body like swimmers as compared to older performers with hairy body used in homosexual movies of the 1970s .
The roles of these performers were also divided tightly between the bottoms and the tops .
The performer with more muscular built and larger penis has to perform on the top as penetrating partner in anal sex videos .
The performer with comparatively smaller built has to perform at the receiving end at the bottom in these movies .
The top position was usually given to the star of the decade , whereas bottom position was changeable from time to time .
Some of the directors of that decade preferentially reflect the strict division between top and bottom positions by hiring heterosexual persons for their gay movies .
These heterosexual people performed in these motion pictures for earning more money than usual films as they are treated as a rare article in the trade of gay sex which can be afforded only by the big producers .
The Year 1985 was very important for gay porn as it became a desirable field of work for normal males along with gay men due to the growth of its market during previous years .
According to a survey conducted by Chi Chi Laure , a porn director , more than 50 % of straight people acted as gay in adult male sex films .
Though the implications of it and ethics behind it are not defined till date but such incidents were known as a gay - for - pay .
In 1990s Fluffers were used in male sex motion pictures to help in getting and maintaining the erection of the actors as per the requirement of the scene .
The diversification in the industry of gay XXX movies in the 1990s has introduced unique job opportunities in the field of production and distribution .
Kristen Bjorn has set a standard for gay porn producers in 1989 after entering into this business as a professional photographer due to high quality images in his videos .
He improved his credibility among actors as , being himself a porn star , he handled them carefully .
Other directors in this trade followed him .
The explosion in the niche market was another big change in this trade during this decade .
Producers started producing gay erotica for the audiences of specific taste , including transsexual performers , pornographic performers , performers from certain ethnic groups and bondage fetish performers which introduced diversification of consumption and production of porn photography .
The popularity of the industry of male sex photography increased during the 1990s by evolving of a subculture of interactive and complex nature .
Technicians , deck operators and professional directors like John Rutherford and Chi Chi LaRue and performers took pornography as a career when video technology was in the VHS phase .
The emerging influential critics like Mikey Skee and pornographic media sustained their work .
21 Centuries
In the 21st century , many Asian Americans and Vietnamese American men started working as gay pornographic film directors , photographers and performing actors in the male sex videos made in Western countries as it has become a highly profitable business by this time .
These changing interests were catered by various online delivery sites of many niche genres .
For example , most of the work of Darkholme contained the Japanese art of bondage , Shibari , and special knot tying technique of BDSM culture as their niche .
Literary classics like Two Naughty Tales and Decameron , on the other hand , were adapted by Lucas Kazan Productions as they were based on the two novels La Locandiera by Goldoni and The Innkeeper by Boccaccio .
Lucas combined melodrama and male sex porn in its
The School for Lovers which won the 2007 GayVN Award for Best Foreign Picture after being inspired by the operas of 19th and 20th centuries .
Till today there are certain complications regarding the studios producing the videos of bareback sexual penetration of the penis without wearing a condom .
According to various main film productions companies including Hot House Entertainment , Falcon Entertainment , Lucas Entertainment , Channel 1 Releasing , Lucas Kazan Productions , Titan Media and Raging Stallion Studios along with the health advocates of LGBT the videos of condomless sex ( bareback ) contribute to the pandemics like AIDS and HIV by supporting the unsafe sex in both the LGBT community as well as the industry of porn films .
This controversy was erupted during the years of the introduction of an HIV crisis when all the companies involved in gay pornography directed their porn models for anal sex to wear a condom .
Some of the notable figures of pornography industry are of the view that this forum serves as a teacher for modelling healthy sex behavior and the skills of safer sex .
Even the gay bareback studios which agree to promote healthy sex behavior with its x-rated motion pictures do not agree with the AIDS crisis as one of the concerns for healthy sex .
Paul Morris , the founder and owner of Treasure Island Media believes that the idea of fear from HIV for the gay people is generated by the people living with PTSD to great extent and they will not get any kind of support as this war against HIV is over now .
Thus , according to the history of gay porn , it is a responsible work of art which should be produced by the pornographers featuring men living their life happily with open and positive attitude .
Gay erotic movies are now becoming more and more popular round the world .
Not only gay people , but people with normal sexual orientation are also enjoying gay porn videos online .
8 - Mar -2017 news .
Coming soon new article about gay pornography history , with illustrations .
It will posted in the next few days .
WASHINGTON — After five years of often bitter internal debate , the Justice Department concluded in a report released Friday that the lawyers who gave legal justification to the Bush administration ’s brutal interrogation tactics for terrorism suspects used flawed legal reasoning but were not guilty of professional misconduct .
The report , rejecting harsher sanctions recommended by Justice Department ethics lawyers , brings to a close a pivotal chapter in the debate over the legal limits of the Bush administration ’s fight against terrorism and whether its treatment of Qaeda prisoners amounted to torture .
The ethics lawyers , in the Office of Professional Responsibility , concluded that two department lawyers involved in analyzing and justifying waterboarding and other interrogation tactics — Jay S. Bybee , now a federal judge , and John C. Yoo , now a professor at the University of California , Berkeley — had demonstrated “ professional misconduct . ”
It said the lawyers had ignored legal precedents and provided slipshod legal advice to the White House in possible violation of international and federal laws on torture .
That report was among the documents made public Friday .
But David Margolis , a career lawyer at the Justice Department , rejected that conclusion in a report of his own released Friday .
He said the ethics lawyers , in condemning the lawyers ’ actions , had given short shrift to the national climate of urgency in which Mr. Bybee and Mr. Yoo acted after the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
“ Among the difficulties in assessing these memos now over seven years after their issuance is that the context is lost , ” Mr. Margolis said .
Bryan Trottier could pass a puck through rush hour traffic without it being tipped , and he could find an open teammate with three opponents in his face .
But his shot ?
Hardly legendary , as he 's admitted himself .
So to note that he scored 500 NHL goals is to recognize his positioning , his subtle finishing hands in tight -- " I tried to take a goalie by surprise , " he 's said of his shot -- and of course , some great teammates who helped .
On this day in 1990 , in front of home fans at Nassau Coliseum , the Islanders ' heir apparent Pat LaFontaine 's relentless pressure helped create the 500th goal by an Islanders legend who would soon be finishing his career with two more Cups -- just for good measure -- in Pittsburgh .
Trottier 's 500th goal came against Rick Wamsley and the Calgary Flames , another team that was unwittingly entering a decade of pain .
Besides LaFontaine , Randy Wood ( who retrieved the puck ) , Gary Nylund and Marc Bergevin were on the ice .
Seconds afterward , the mob of celebrants was joined by Brent Sutter , Doug Crossman , Jeff Norton and others who streamed off the bench to congratulate Trots .
Let 's roll the tape :
Were you there ?
Would you like to pretend you were there ?
Of the Islanders dynasty legends , Trots was the last to depart .
This milestone feels like one final coda on that era , and watching it now is a little bittersweet with the knowledge of the pain that lay ahead .
Memories , tributes , who - cares - I - was - young ... all welcome in comments .
Workers who faked a sickie in the lead - up to Australia Day have been branded " un-Australian " .
Australians have been done out of a long weekend this Australia Day , with the public holiday falling on a Tuesday .
But research shows that up to 500,000 workers will blow off work today anyway to snare themselves a four - day weekend .
The head of the Retailers Association , Scott Driscoll , says people who joined the mass sick day so are un-Australian .
" Those people that are going to selfishly turn their backs on their mates in the workplace and leave the heavy lifting to them and head down to the pub or the beach , they 're un-Australian bums , " he said .
" Unfortunately there 's going to be plenty of them around the country today . "
Research conducted by absence - management firm Direct Health Solutions shows that the increase in workers taking sick days today will cost the economy about $ 257 million .
Nick Behrens , the general manager of policy at Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Queensland , says workers who fake illness today are being selfish .
" If that forecast is realised there certainly will be a significant negative impact on the economy and accordingly we have urged all employees to do the responsible thing by their co-workers and their employers and turn out [ to work ] , " he said .
Mr Behrens says having the day off will hurt employers and contribute to a $ 30 billion annual sick day bill for the Australian economy .
" Essentially it 's money being paid out where there is no productive return for that money and accordingly there are a number of employers that have had to dig deep into their own pockets over the last 12 to 18 months , " he said .
" Employers have stepped up over the last 12 to 18 months and done everything possible to ensure that they have not had to let their employees go when there was n't necessarily the work for them to do .
" That ate into their profits .
And them having to fork out for another $ 250 million at this time , I think , is a little unfair .
Ideally the employee would repay some of that generosity and turn up today for work . "
Most likely fakers
Union members and mums and dads have been dobbed in as among those most likely to fake a sickie .
" There is certainly a prevalence of absenteeism in a number of areas , call centres or contact centres are obviously exposed in this area , " Mr Behrens said .
" Those employees who are union members are more often than not likely to take a day off when they 're not entitled to do so .
" Unfortunately younger employees also take more time off as opposed to their older colleagues .
And interestingly , and perhaps not necessarily relevant to today , those parents who have children of primary school age are more prone to take a day off as well . "
But the Australian Council of Trade Unions says it does not support workers faking sick days .
A spokeswoman for the ACTU says there is no evidence to show that union members fake more sick days than other Australian workers .
" Our view in regards to people taking advantage of this policy to make the most of the weekend is that they should have been up front with their employees and made prior arrangements , " she said .
" Unscheduled absentees without medical reason is not supported .
" There is no substantiated evidence that union members take more sick leave today than non-union members and we encourage all business organisations to be responsible when making these kinds of claims . "
Workers caught out
For those taking a sick day today , Mr Behrens says their employers are probably onto them .
" There 's an interesting statistic that 25 per cent of all sick leave taken on either a Friday or a Monday is not genuine , " he said .
" The interesting thing about this is if you ask employers , 75 per cent believe that any sick leave taken on a Friday or a Monday is not for genuine purposes .
" You can see that there 's actually a disconnect between employer perception and employee behaviour , so even if there was a worker taking a day off today for genuine reasons , chances are the employer is going to think that employee unfortunately is having an [ fake ] sick day . "
Workers at the Queensland Chamber of Commerce get a gold star for showing up today .
Mr Behrens says he is proud of the full turn out in his office .
But he offers a reprimand for workers around the country who did n't show up .
" [ Later today ] we 'll hear about some of the business that have been hit and we feel for them .
We think it 's unfair and we think the employee is doing the wrong thing by their co-worker , " he said .
" Their co-worker will have to stay longer to fill the void .
I mean , work has to be done at the end of the day and someone has to do it and if the employee does n't turn up to do it it leaves someone else in the lurch . "
Legally though , those who did not show up today will get away with it and if it turns out they indulge too much tomorrow , they 'll get away with taking Wednesday off too .
" In terms of workplace law , the employee if they take more than two consecutive days off , the employer is entitled to ask for a medical certificate .
But if it 's a one - off like today , chances are the employee 's going to get away with it , " he said .
Under pressure
From an anonymous teen
Dear Carole , I 'm in 6th form and ever since GCSE revision I feel I have been on a treadmill .
I have to compete in sport against other schools , I 've got A - level revision now and college or university is ahead of me , and thus more and more exams to pass , then job - hunting in a recession and more competition .
Where is the fun in all this ?
Who decided this is the way society should be run ?
Do I have an alternative ?
I just want to enjoy my life without all this pressure .
Ask Carole : Chimpanzee wearing spectacles Photograph : Public Domain
Carole replies :
I hear you .
Primates are hierarchical and the higher up the hierarchy you are the better your chances of survival .
We compete with each other over access to food , access to mates and access to safe sleeping sites .
Available resources rarely meet the demands made by wild primates or indeed humans and thus competition is a way of life .
It is usually more physically intense among males than females .
If it 's any consolation , if you were someone born during a baby - boom era ( such as the 1960s and late 1980s in the UK ) the competition would be even more intense .
Research has shown that baby boomers are more likely to experience aggression and risk - taking than others in less competitive environments .
The generation you were born into will age with you and journey through life alongside you .
In your email you clearly highlight various stages of competition .
This is ongoing .
In old age you will again compete with your generation for the best accommodation in old folks homes .
At first glance hippy trails , communes and alternative societies offer escape from competition with your fellow primates .
Experimental economists study the Amish because members of this group obey rules of cooperation that mutually benefit each other and minimise competition .
For example , all able - bodied Amish men work as a team to build a house for a newly married couple .
But due to inbreeding the Amish suffer a higher than average incidence of genetic disorders , such as dwarfism , and due to their practice of strict patriarchy there is an increased prevalence of sexual and physical abuse against Amish women and children .
Alternative societies are rarely fun utopias for long – if ever .
Western society consists of systems within systems and to succeed among your peers these rules must be followed and at various stages you will be tested and forced to compete against them .
I think it is fair to say that not a lot of " fun " was factored into the machine .
Oh , to run away from it all !
But where would you go ?
You are a primate and you can not run from that .
All primate species are hierarchical .
Accounts of the Machiavellian social politics of wild apes are Shakespearean in their plotting and complexity .
But your primate cousins do make time for fun .
Field primatologists have for years reported accounts of the apes they study forming close bonds , laughing , playing and tickling each other .
Love , friendship and pleasure can all be observed in ape behaviour .
So , find friends who share your taste in what constitutes fun .
You are born a competitive primate , but you are also born to have fun – you just need to make time for it .
1. Hiraiwa - Hasegawa , M. ( 2005 ) Homicide by men in Japan , and its relationship to age , resources and risk - taking .
Evolution and Human Behavior ; 26 : 332-343 .
2. Souza , M. et al. ( 2009 ) Evolution of cooperation under N - person snowdrift games .
Journal of Theoretical Biology ; 260 ( 4 ) : 581-588 .
3. McKusick , V. A. ( 2000 ) Ellis-van Creveld syndrome and the Amish .
Nature Genetics ; 24 : 203-204 .
4. Koenig , A. ( 2002 ) Competition for resources and its behavioural consequences among female primates .
International Journal of Primatology ; 23 ( 4 ) : 759-783 .
5. Ross , M. D. et al ( 2009 ) Reconstructing the evolution of laughter in great apes and humans .
Current Biology ; 19 ( 13 ) : 1106 -1111 .
6. de Waal , F. ( 2000 ) Primates – a natural heritage of conflict resolution .
Science Magazine ; 289 ( 5479 ) : 586-590 .
Some people just do n't care
From an anonymous female , no age given
Dear Carole ,
Why is it that some people just do n't seem to care about others , and some people care so much ?
Is it just the people who seem not to care are ignorant of the problems around them or are some people not able to empathise , or are more selfish ?
I feel very hurt by my friends and relatives when they dont seem to care .
How can I stop this feeling of hurt ?
Ask Carole : Chimpanzee wearing spectacles Photograph : Public Domain
Carole replies :
Some believe the " three wise monkeys " of Eastern folklore , who see no evil , hear no evil and speak no evil , are wise because they prioritise themselves while ignoring the needs of others .
Certainly this is one survival strategy in the game of life .
Yes , some people are intentionally selfish while others are just not wired for altruism and have to be taught the rules of cooperation .
Cooperation is essential to all primate species , and has contributed to the success of Homo sapiens , but there is also great variation within species and not all humans are equal in their empathic abilities .
If you are empathic you will be aware when others cannot access your depth of concern and this will leave you disappointed and isolated .
If we all acted with each others ' best interests at heart the world would be quite different , but in the end the only person you can change is yourself .
Make sure you spend time with other primates who match your depth of sensitivity and try to accept those whose altruism goes no further than their immediate blood relatives .
If you are someone who spontaneously gives on demand you may take on too many causes and too many waifs and strays and become overwhelmed .
So try to channel your goodwill into existing charities and pressure groups .
This way you can keep the scale of your giving within reasonable limits .
You matter too you know .
1. van Vugt , M , De Cremer , D , Janssen , D ( 2007 ) Gender differences in co-operation and competition :
The male warrior hypothesis .
Psychological Science ; 18 : 19 -23 .
2. Wubben , MJJ et al ( 2009 )
How emotion communication guides reciprocity : Establishing cooperation through disappointment and anger .
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology ; 45 ( 4 ) : 987-990 .
3. Kerr , NL , Rumble , AC et al ( 2009 ) " How many bad apples does it take to spoil the whole barrel ? " :
Social exclusion and toleration for bad apples .
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology ; 45 ( 4 ) : 603-613 .
Carole is UK - based and as such any advice she gives is intended for a UK audience only .
The next system software update for the PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) system will be released on April 1 , 2010 ( JST ) , and will disable the “ Install Other OS ” feature that was available on the PS3 systems prior to the current slimmer models , launched in September 2009 .
This feature enabled users to install an operating system , but due to security concerns , Sony Computer Entertainment will remove the functionality through the 3.21 system software update .
In addition , disabling the “ Other OS ” feature will help ensure that PS3 owners will continue to have access to the broad range of gaming and entertainment content from SCE and its content partners on a more secure system .
Consumers and organizations that currently use the “ Other OS ” feature can choose not to upgrade their PS3 systems , although the following features will no longer be available ;
Ability to sign in to PlayStation Network and use network features that require signing in to PlayStation Network , such as online features of PS3 games and chat
Playback of PS3 software titles or Blu-ray Disc videos that require PS3 system software version 3.21 or later
Playback of copyright - protected videos that are stored on a media server ( when DTCP - IP is enabled under Settings )
Use of new features and improvements that are available on PS3 system software 3.21 or later
For those PS3 users who are currently using the “ Other OS ” feature but choose to install the system software update , to avoid data loss they first need to back - up any data stored within the hard drive partition used by the “ Other OS , ” as they will not be able to access that data following the update .
Additional information about PS3 firmware updates , including v3.21 ( once it becomes available ) , can be found here :
http://us.playstation.com/support/systemupdates/ps3/index.htm
PS3 owners who have further questions should contact Consumer Services :
http://us.playstation.com/support/ask/
800-345-7669 ( 800-345-SONY )
SEOUL , March 4 , 2010 -- South Korea was in shock today after police arrested a couple Wednesday for child neglect that allegedly caused their 3 - month - old daughter to starve to death .
The husband , 41 , and wife , 25 , were addicted to online games , spending up to 12 hours every night at Internet cafes , police said .
Known only as the Kims because their first names are protected under Korean privacy law , the couple met in 2008 on an Internet chat Web site .
Throughout their marriage and birth of their baby daughter in June 2009 , the couple , both unemployed , lived with the wife 's parents .
The Kims spent most of their time playing Internet games at local cafes called " PC bangs , " even during the wife 's pregnancy , officials said .
An estimated 30,000 PC bangs are spread throughout the country , open 24 hours .
The dimly - lit Internet parlors practically sit on every street corner equipped with high - speed broadband , packed with young loyal gamers , and often polluted with cigarette smoke .
Roughly half the Korean population plays online games regularly , according to the Korean Game Industry Agency , which is partly sponsored by the government .
" They called in last September to report that they found their daughter dead after coming back home in the morning , " Det. Chung Jin-Won of the Suwon Seobu Police Station said .
" They had spent 12 hours , all night at a PC bang . "
An autopsy by the National Institute of Scientific Investigation concluded that their daughter 's death resulted from malnourishment .
The Kims also confessed to police that they had been feeding rotten , powdered milk and had often spanked their crying baby .
Neglecting their daughter , who was born prematurely , the parents were instead preoccupied with raising a " virtual daughter " through an online game called " PRIUS , " ' police authorities said .
The multi-role - playing game allows players to choose a job , interact with others in the virtual world and even earn an extra avatar or a sub-character to nurture once they reach a certain level .
The Dangers of Game Addiction
Game addiction has become a serious concern in South Korea .
Frequent news of addicted gamers dropping dead from exhaustion , growing number of students skipping school and teenagers showing abnormally violent behavior have prompted the state to start searching for solutions .
The government has built a network of hundreds of counseling centers throughout the country and sponsored treatment programs at major hospitals .
Boot camps for addicted kids are offered during summer and winter school breaks .
The phenomenon has yet to be medically researched and defined but experts such as Dr. Kim Sang Eun say it is a brain disease .
" There 's no certain clinical indicator to define ' game addiction ' but our study shows that brain PET [ scan ] images of suspected online game addicts are very similar to that of a cocaine addict , " Kim of Seoul National University Bundang Hospital said .
Kim warned that Koreans are especially vulnerable to the dangers of Internet addiction , living in the most wired nation in the world , with 95 percent of all households having a broadband connection .
Online games are also easily accessible via 3G technology that enables wireless connection on mobile phones .
The number of mobile phones has already surpassed more than 100 percent of population .
Or maybe it 's just a coincidence how many incorrect announcements blared today on the Citrus Line ( on which , unlike your fancy - shmancy Red and Green Lines , all the announcements are done by a live person sitting in a cab in the middle of the train ) :
Ginnette Powell reports one conductor announced " Community College , next stop " - just before the train pulled into Chinatown .
This morning , one rider reports , " the Orange Line conductor announced , ' Back Bay - Commuter Rail , buses and something else . ' "
And Buck Buckaroo reports the following this evening :
A gay campground south of Saugatuck , Michigan was vandalized this week :
" Anti-gay remarks and a swastika were painted on a wooden fence along 118th Avenue west of 66th Street in Ganges Township .
' It ’s quite gentle out here so it ’s a surprise to have this , ' Howard said as she looked over the green and silver graffiti saying ' Fags Do n’t Belong . '
Any Beke , who lives across the street from the campgrounds and works at the site , discovered the damage Saturday morning .
She ’s had to explain to her young children what the words mean .
' This area does n’t accept this type of behavior , ' Howard said .
This is the first vandalism incident in the 10 years Howard and Michael O’Connor have owned the adult , members - only resort .
The site has been a camp for 50 years and a known gay and lesbian resort for 40 years .
It has 165 sites for campers , RVs and tents , two one - bedroom cabins , 16 one - room sleeper log cabins and a five - bedroom bed and breakfast and vintage travel trailer rentals .
A camp store welcomes visitors .
People in passing vehicles have yelled anti-gay slurs before , according to neighbor Robert Wojcik , but nothing as serious as the recent vandalism . "
A US federal appeals court says three Seattle police officers were justified when they used a stun gun on a pregnant mother who refused to sign a traffic ticket .
Malaika Brooks was driving her son to school in 2004 when she was stopped for exceeding the speed limit .
The officers used a Taser three times when she refused to get out of her car .
A panel of judges ruled 2 - 1 that the officers were justified in using force because Brooks could have picked her keys up off the floor , started the car and driven away .
The dissenting judge called the ruling absurd and said the officers had no authority to arrest Brooks - let alone use a Taser on a non-threatening woman who was seven months pregnant .
AP
The fourth was Robert Flanagan , 24 , who did not know the others before roughly two weeks ago , his lawyer said , when Mr. O’Keefe gave a speech for the Pelican Institute for Public Policy , a libertarian organization in New Orleans for which Mr. Flanagan works a few hours a week .
Until then , Mr. Flanagan , a star athlete and son of a federal prosecutor , had not been known by friends to be particularly provocative in his conservatism , though he had been sharply critical of Ms. Landrieu on the institute ’s blog .
Image
The house in New Orleans where three of the arrested men stayed .
Credit ...
Patrick Semansky / Associated Press
And then there was Ben Wetmore , 28 , who was not arrested but who allowed Mr. Dai , Mr. O’Keefe and Mr. Basel to stay at his house in New Orleans this month .
The authorities have not indicated that Mr. Wetmore , a Loyola law student , was connected to the incident at Ms. Landrieu ’s office , but he has nonetheless played a vital role in Mr. O’Keefe ’s career , as well as that of Mr. Basel and other activists .
Mr. Wetmore helped introduce many of the activists to one another and inspired them through his take on attention - grabbing tactics .
His often behind - the - scenes role was detailed in a trail he left on the Internet , as well as in several interviews .
“ Benjamin Wetmore : a mentor of mine ; a genius , ” Mr. O’Keefe said during an interview with The New York Times in September , after the Acorn videos were released .
“ He said , ‘ Take on the politically correct crowd on campus , satirically . ’ ”
Mr. O’Keefe declined several interview requests , and Mr. Wetmore responded to an e-mail message by sending photographs of Jayson Blair , a reporter for The New York Times who resigned after admitting to plagiarism and fabrication .
Mr. Dai , Mr. Basel and Mr. Flanagan could not be reached for comment .
( The four men arrested were freed on bail , awaiting a pretrial hearing . )
The partnership between Mr. O’Keefe and Mr. Wetmore appears to have started in earnest in 2004 .
As a philosophy major at Rutgers University , Mr. O’Keefe came to believe that conservative - leaning students were being force - fed a diet of academic liberalism .
As he put it at the time , they were “ drowned in relativism , concepts of distributive justice and redistribution of wealth . ”
He and some friends started an alternative conservative publication called The Centurion with $ 500 from the conservative Leadership Institute ’s Balance in Media grant program , which was overseen at the time by Mr. Wetmore .
The institute , founded in 1979 , is based in Arlington , Va. , and is best known for training campus conservatives to influence public policy .
Six am on a sub- zero morning in Devon .
A five - mile run in the dark , ending in a couple of hill sprints .
Breakfast .
Circuit training in the barn ; beyond any pain threshold to physical exhaustion .
Lunch .
Ninety minutes dragging weighted tyres up and down a 1:6 hill .
The only upside is that the mud has frozen over .
It 's mindless , repetitive , punishing effort , not improved by an ex-marine shouting in your ear .
Tea .
A three - mile run , followed by more circuits .
Die .
One day of this – well , most of it .
OK then , half , and I 'm shattered .
For Ann Daniels , Martin Hartley and Charlie Paton , the three members of the second Catlin Arctic Survey into the effects of climate change , whose latest trip to the north pole was announced yesterday , it 's day six of a week - long bootcamp .
I 'm just thankful to have avoided the 15 - mile run across Dartmoor that entailed wading waist - deep through ice - cold rivers .
You can't pull a 120kg ( 265 lb ) sled over pressure ridges for 12 hours a day for 60 days if you 're not fit .
And if the three were n't polar fit when they started this camp , they certainly will be by the end .
Yet fitness is just a small part of the package .
Anyone – even me – could probably get fit enough if we were prepared to put the hours in , but few of us would last a day out on the ice .
Daniels is one of the world 's leading polar explorers , the first woman – along with teammate Caroline Hamilton – to reach both the north and south poles as part of all - women teams , and she readily admits there are many people out there who are a great deal fitter than her – " I'm 45 now , for God 's sake . "
Yet when it comes to endurance and sheer willpower , she 's in a league of her own .
" You can train all you like , " she says , " but nothing prepares you for the cold .
On a good day it can be minus 15 , on a bad day minus 45 ; factor in the wind chill and it can feel more like minus 70 .
The cold penetrates your bones and never leaves .
Even when you 're in your tent at night there 's no respite .
It 's with you the whole time ; you just have to try and shut it out .
You can't always do it , especially towards the end of an expedition when you 're exhausted . "
It 's the cold Hartley and Paton fear most too .
They are also polar veterans and know exactly what 's coming .
" I 'd done a lot of climbing in the Himalayas and I thought I knew all about cold , " says Hartley , the expedition photographer .
" But I was hopelessly unprepared the first time I went to Resolute [ the settlement in the north of Canada that is the start point for Arctic exploration ] .
My equipment was totally inadequate and I would have died if someone had n't lent me some warmer clothes .
" The first few weeks are bearable but once you start to get frostbite , the cold can start to affect your judgment , especially when you 're living in such close proximity to other people . "
British polar exploration is sometimes seen as the stamping ground of the upper-class adventurer , an image perpetuated in recent years by the successes of Sir Ranulph Fiennes and Pen Hadow , the director of the Catlin Arctic Survey .
Daniels , Hartley and Paton do n't fit the stereotype .
Daniels was a bank manager 's assistant until 1996 when she heard a radio advert asking for ordinary women wanting to go to the north pole ;
Hartley spent seven years as a studio special effects photographer before going freelance ; after joining some polar trips with the marines , Paton worked out that serving in Afghanistan was a great deal riskier than a melting ice - cap .
For all of them – Fiennes and Hadow included – it is a full - time , professional career .
" It 's not the type of job you get told about at school , " Hartley says .
" I started by funding myself to join expeditions to the Himalayas and the Pamirs and selling the pictures .
Pen Hadow approached me at a talk I was giving and said , ' You must come north with me one day . '
I thought he was trying to pull me and invite me to his country home .
Since then I 've been on 22 assignments to the Arctic and Antarctic .
" You do have to be quite selfish to do this kind of work .
The expedition comes first and I forget about home life and relationships for its duration .
Basically , you need to be not nearly as nice as you would like to be . "
Unless you 're lucky enough to have the clout to attract the sponsorship money and fix up your own gigs , your average explorer has to take the jobs that are going .
You might be joining a team on a new route ; you might be guiding amateurs who fork out £ 20,000 to be airlifted 60 miles from the pole and escorted in on foot .
Or you could , like the Catlin team , become scientists for the trip – something that is more controversial than it sounds .
There 's a long tradition of science in the polar regions .
It 's the ideal environment for everything from ocean - ography , astrophysics , meteorology and glaciolology to all things climate change and the Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station has been a base for scientists for more than 50 years .
But the demarcation lines have always been firmly engraved in the ice .
Scientists do science : explorers explore .
Hadow crossed the divide with the first Catlin Arctic Survey last year , when his team became the first to measure ice - thickness en route to the pole – a more critical determinant than surface area of the speed at which the ice - cap is melting .
Some scientists and climate change sceptics went to great lengths to rubbish their findings that the ice - cap was melting faster than previous projections had suggested , pointing to weaknesses in methodology and ridiculing equipment failures .
But the survey is back again this year to continue where they left off .
It sounds as if it should be a no - brainer .
If you 're doing science , take a scientist .
It is , until you consider the conditions up north .
The south pole is on a flat , frozen land mass .
You can fly in directly , snuggle down in the warmth of the base and get on with your experiments .
The Arctic is rather different .
It is an unmappable ocean of ice that is constantly on the move , breaking up , melting and re-forming .
You can't go anywhere and expect to stay in one place .
Sometimes you can only go backwards .
The ice is often crushed into giant pressure ridges that take hours to cross when pulling a heavy sled and a day's hard labour can see you further away from your goal than when you started if the ice flow is against you .
It 's not the sort of environment in which scientists operate .
If you 're measuring ice thickness and water samples , you really want to be able to go back to the same place year after year ; you can't do that if the ice is constantly on the move .
" The alternative is doing nothing , " says Daniels .
" And that 's not an option where climate change is concerned .
So the expedition 's goal is to take samples every day on the trek towards the pole .
Charlie will be drilling through the ice to take two water samples – one at the surface and one at a depth of 10 m .
Some samples will be filtered for microbes , and some will be frozen to have its CO2 content analysed .
It will be back - breaking work after lugging a sled for 12 hours . "
Hartley will be there to record every - thing ; the landscape , the water , the science .
" We have a responsibility to document the Arctic ocean in summer , " he says .
" I 've been there many times over the last few years and the ice is melting .
It 's a fact .
It could even disappear completely in my lifetime . "
The expedition comes with its own health warning .
Ice floes calve , people get injured and rescue is n't always possible if a plane can't land .
And then there are the polar bears .
Back at the bootcamp , two marines give us a demonstration in unarmed combat .
It 's all quite handy for a night out in Streatham , but not much use if a polar bear is heading your way .
Even if it does n't have a knife .
So what do you do if a bear comes sneaking up on you from behind a pressure ridge ?
For the first and only time , the explorers look nervous .
They can see the story .
Climate change explorers shoot polar bear .
" Um , you would fire the gun above its head to scare it off , " says Daniels eventually .
And if that does n't work ?
" Look , " Hartley laughs .
" There 's no such thing as a small polar bear . "
Fine .
So the bear gets it .
CANADA will set up a temporary headquarters for the beleaguered Haitian government , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced on a visit to quake - devastated Port - au - Prince .
'' The establishment of a temporary government administrative base is an important step towards early recovery and reconstruction efforts , '' Mr Harper said after meeting Haitian President Rene Preval and Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive .
A skull sits placedon the ruins of a building to denote bodies buried under the rubble .
Credit : Getty Images
Mr Harper was on a two - day visit to assess the devastated country 's needs after the January 12 earthquake , which killed at least 217,000 people .
The semi-permanent , $ US11 million ( $ A12.3 million ) operations base would be fully kitted out with Canadian computer hardware , communications systems , furniture , water supply and air - conditioning , officials said .
With the paintjob of its glory days in the ‘ 60s , a team with the name Lotus is back in Formula One .
Advertisement
They have little to do with Colin Chapman ’s mad visionaries who ruled Formula One in the ‘ 60s and the ‘ 70 s — at least on the days when the Loti delayed disintegration until after the checkered flag fell .
Advertisement
The modern Lotus is more of a branding exercise carried out by Malaysian businessman Tony Fernandes with a nod by the Chapman family and financial backing by Proton , the similarly Malaysian company which owns the other Lotus , maker of sports cars we love .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
They now have a racing car , introduced today at London ’s Royal Horticultural Halls ( where , I hope , examples of the lotus plants Nelumbo are also on display ) .
It ’s called the Lotus T127 and you already saw it being tested at Silverstone .
Advertisement
They also have drivers : Heikki Kovalainen , discarded by McLaren to make way for world champion Jenson Button , and Jarno Trulli , plucked from the ruins of Toyota F1 , who quit Formula
One after eight sad years .
Also from Toyota by way of Force India comes technical director Mike Gascoyne , who reportedly makes a lot of money but has not produced winning cars thus far .
The bald dude , that ’s him :
Advertisement
So we ’ll see .
Until Trulli and Kovalainen do a Clark - and - Hill on the competition , you may proceed to YouTube and watch Jimmy Clark lay down the law in a Lotus 25 :
Photo Credit : Bryn Lennon / Getty Images , CARL DE SOUZA / AFP / Getty Images
( NaturalNews )
A report published in thehas verified once again that Monsanto 's genetically modified ( GM ) crops are causing severe health problems .
A legal challenge issued against Monsanto forced the multi-national agriculture giant to release raw data revealing that animals fed its patented GM corn suffered liver and kidney damage within just three months .
Adding to the mounting evidence that GM crops are dangerous all around , this information provides a damning indictment against Monsanto which continually insists that its GM products are safe .
Not only are GM crops proving disastrous for the environment , but study after study , including those conducted by Monsanto itself , is showing that GM foods are detrimental to health .
Monsanto's data indicated that the company had conducted tests on three varieties of its GM corn , two of which contain the dangerous
Bt protein , and one designed specifically to resist Monsanto 's Roundup herbicide .
All three are widely grown in the United States while only one is currently grown in Europe .
Dr. Gilles - Eric Seralini , a French researcher from the University of Caen , was tasked with examining the data and providing a review .
While stopping short of declaring GM crops to be toxic , he did emphasize that chronic negative effects were apparent and that there were " statistically significant " indications of kidney and liver damage .
The specific effects observed in test rats included a buildup of hormones in the blood , indicating that their liver and kidneys were not functioning properly .
One variety of the corn led to elevated blood sugar levels and increased triglyceride levels in female rats given it .
Dr. Seralini concluded that , because GM crops are foreign substances that have never been a part of a normal diet , there is no telling what the long - term effects of consumption will be on people .
In animals , significant disruption of normal bodily function has been observed even in the short term .
Genetically manipulated food crops are not fit for human consumption and should not be classified as food .
No legitimate study has ever proven them to be safe or nutritious .
The burden of proof is on the producers of such crops to verify their safety and , to date , all data has revealed that they are unsafe .
Claims that GM foods will end world hunger are baseless , propagated only by those that have a financial interest in converting the world 's food supply to their own patented varieties in order to control it .
Sources for this story include :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Bloomberg
News reports today that , according to the bond market , you ’re safer investing in Warren Buffett than in what used to be the safest of all bets — the US government .
The yield on bonds offered by Buffett ’s storied Berkshire Hathaway last month had a yield that was 3.5 basis points , or 0.035 percent , lower than the US government ’s Treasury bonds — essentially American debt .
Joining Buffett in the safer - than - US - debt category as well were bonds for household names like Proctor and Gamble , Johnson and Johnson , and Lowe ’s , the home improvement store .
“ It ’s a slap upside the head of the government , ” one financial officer told Bloomberg .
So what ’s it mean ?
For one , that the US is selling massive amounts of Treasury bonds — $ 2.59 trillion since the start of 2009 — to borrow money to finance its projects like the stimulus package , bailout , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and Obama ’s other projects .
So much money , in fact , that the US will pay 7 percent of revenues to service its debt this year , according to Moody ’s rating service .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the federal budget proposed by Obama will create record deficits of more than $ 1 trillion this year and next , and the total deficit between 2011 and 2020 would reach $ 9.8 trillion , or 5.2 percent of GDP .
The US ’ looming debt crisis is getting so bad and threatening to swallow so much money that Moody ’s said earlier this month that the US was “ substantially ” closer to losing its AAA debt rating , the gold standard of bond rating .
From a strictly financial standpoint , the Buffett - Obama comparison highlights just how grim the US ’ fiscal situation is .
It ’s one thing to borrow deeply to try to create jobs , backstop an ailing housing market , and restart the American economy .
But on the morning after the passage of a historic health care bill , the Bloomberg story nonetheless offers a rude awakening as to how deep in debt this country really is .
The latest engineering related news and articles from around the world .
It took virtually all of human history for our numbers to reach 1 billion in the 1800s .
It took only about a century to add the second billion in 1930 .
We added the third billion in just 30 years and the fourth in only 15 years .
We are now at 6.7 billion with projections of over 2 billion more to come in the next 40 years .
Global Population Speak Out
Creating a postgrowth world means moving beyond the growth consensus , which depends on more and more people consuming more and more stuff .
Once growth becomes uneconomic – hurting people and the environment , even if it seems to be desirable in the short term – then its drivers and the assumptions behind them should be open to debate .
To move beyond growth , we need to address how much we are consuming [ and why ] , and how many of us there are consuming .
Both are equally important factors in the equation of human impacts on the earth .
However , challenging either consumption or population is fraught with pitfalls , as there are currently social and political taboos associated with both .
Politicians of all flavours champion growth and encourage consumption at every opportunity – at the same time as people are being encouraged to reduce their greenhouse emissions , water use and other resource use .
Which is it to be – the ‘ eat more ’ message or the ‘ eat less ’ message ?
But if you think trying to talk about consumption – how people spend their money – is taboo , try starting a conversation about population .
The Population Taboo
If you raise the topic , there is a high likelihood that any attempt to discuss the issue will be taken personally , or will be turned back on the person who dared intrude in one of the most personal and intimate areas of the human experience .
If you have kids , you are a hypocrite .
If you do n’t have kids , you wo n’t know what you are talking about , or you ’re ‘ anti- children ’ .
You may be accused of being anti-immigration or being racist .
At the most ridiculous extreme , US shock - jock Rush Limbaugh suggested that if New York Times reporter Andy Revkin was so concerned about climate change and population growth , he should take his own life .
[ Revkin had floated the idea of carbon credits for one - child families as “ purely a thought experiment , not a proposal . ” ]
Anything to shoot the messenger and keep the taboo in place .
Anything to avoid the discomfort of acknowledging the issue , its implications and what can fairly and humanely be done about it .
It is a highly emotive topic , but if we are serious about ensuring that everyone ’s kids – now and in the future – can have the best life possible , then we need to be able to have an open and honest debate about this issue .
Breaking the Taboo , Speaking Out
To help kickstart this conversation , The Population Institute has initiated a project called the ‘ Global Population Speak Out ’ ( GPSO ) .
The purpose of the GPSO is to weaken the taboo against public discussion of population issues by harnessing and focusing many individual voices – who otherwise might be more easily ignored or marginalised – in a co-ordinated approach :
‘ GPSO was born of a simple idea :
What if a large number of qualified voices worldwide , many of whom might not have emphasized the topic previously , were to speak out on overpopulation all at once ?
The strength of numbers might help weaken the taboo and bring population issues to a more prominent position in the global discussion . ’
Being able to sensitively raise and effectively sustain conversations on this issue is critical to breaking the taboo .
The GPSO has compiled a list of common objections and responses that emerge in the population debate .
Three of the issues often raised in population discussions include :
the real issue is overconsumption in the industrialised countries , not overpopulation in the non-industrialised nations
Consumption is certainly an issue , and it could be argued that if people in industrialised countries wish to consume at the level we do , that maybe there are too many of us !
However we need to address both population and consumption in all countries – many non-industrialised countries have consumer classes , and there are a range of population issues in the industrialised countries also in relation to local carrying capacity [ eg.
water , sprawl ] and population - related policies , what governments are incentivising , etc .
Not addressing overall numbers of people , on the basis that some people consume vastly less , assumes that those people will remain in a state of material poverty .
Billions of people around the world need to have their material living standards raised to meet basic needs , and beyond , to enjoy a good quality of life .
As a large percentage of humanity who currently have a low impact increase their demand for resources , there will be more competition for resources , which makes the situation more precarious for those who are already vulnerable .
As important as it is to reduce our per capita consumption , no living person can bring his or her resource consumption down to zero .
Only the absence of a person can do that .
Global Population Speak Out
If we want to end extreme poverty and meet every human being ’s needs , as well as ensuring we are not undermining the ability of the earth ’s systems to meet those needs , we must address both population and consumption .
attempts to address population violates human rights
Population control , with its spectre of forced sterilisations and other draconian measures , are not what those seeking a discussion on population are advocating .
The most effective ways of addressing population are to empower women and girls through education and access [ physical and cultural ] to family planning , education and economic independence .
This has been an integral part of lowering birth rates in industrialised nations .
Reduction of infant mortality and provision of a social safety net are also factors – if there is greater likelihood that children will survive , and that children will not be the only avenue of support in old age , people are more likely to choose to have smaller families [ as they have done in industrialised countries , where women have greater economic and family planning choices , and there are low levels of infant mortality ] .
Far from violating human rights , seeking to prevent ecological collapse through addressing population and empowering women could in fact be the biggest step we could take to securing human rights .
In industrialised countries , the approach might mean reviewing levels of immigration , and removing any incentives to have children beyond the replacement rate of two children per family – this does n’t mean you ca n’t have more than two children , just that you wo n’t be rewarded for having more than two .
we need to increase our birthrate / immigrant intake to take care of our ageing population
One of the main concerns underpinning the fuelling of growth in industrialised societies is how are we going to take care of an ageing population demographic – we need more people of working age to support the increasing ranks of elders who live longer , who often require more [ and more expensive ] health care , and often end up in high levels of dependent care .
Until the 20th century , when improved sanitation and medical care enabled us to live longer lives than any of our ancestors , humanity did not have this problem at this scale .
It is a real issue .
But is this grow - more - young - to - support - the old approach – a population Ponzi scheme – simply deferring , rather than tackling , the problem ?
Alex Steffen of Worldchanging expressed this in his 2008 article on ‘ Peak Population ’ :
1 ) The longer population growth rates remain high , the more total people there will be on the planet when we reach peak population , so one of our biggest goals ought to be seeing to it by every ethical means possible that the wave of population growth crests sooner rather than later .
2 ) If we are successful in reaching peak population sooner , at a lower number of people , rather than later with more people , we will be much more able to confront the myriad interlocking crises we face – a comparatively less crowded planet is an easier planet on which to build a bright green future .
When that population wave eventually crests – and it will – how high do we want the wave to be ?
We need to think more creatively about how to address this genuine social concern – how to care for our elders with dignity – but not by encouraging more population growth to defer an even bigger problem that will need to be addressed .
Taking Action
To help weaken the population taboo , the GPSO is asking people to sign a pledge to ‘… speak out in some way on the importance of addressing the current size and growth of human population during February 2010 .
Speaking out could be via a letter to the editor of a newspaper or large scientific journal , talk back radio , social media or some kind of creative public action .
As of mid January 2010 , there were over 230 pledges to participate in this project , which has been endorsed by Paul Ehrlich among many others .
For further information or to sign the pledge , go to :
www.populationspeakout.org
And when the going gets tough , remember you are in good company in raising this important humanitarian and ecologial issue :
One of the greatest challenges today is the population explosion .
Unless we are able to tackle this issue effectively we will be confronted with the problem of the natural resources being inadequate for all the human beings on this earth .
— The Dalai Lama [ Statement by His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the new Millennium January 1 , 2001 ] www.fpmt.org/teachers/hhdl/newmill.asp
Los Ángeles .
La venta de armas se disparó en Estados Unidos en las últimas dos semanas a medida que avanza el coronavirus .
Las personas almacenan armas y municiones por temor a que la pandemia pueda desencadenar disturbios sociales .
“ Hemos tenido un aumento de alrededor de 800 % en las ventas .
Todavía no me he quedado sin ningún calibre pero estoy cerca ” , dijo David Stone , propietario de la tienda Dong ’s Guns , Municiones y Recargas en Tulsa , Oklahoma .
El propietario precisó que la mayoría de los clientes que se apresuran a abastecerse de armas de fuego y municiones son compradores primerizos que se apoderan de cualquier cosa disponible .
“ Es el miedo al coronavirus .
Yo mismo no lo entiendo y creo que no es razonable ” , explicó .
Protección ante lo impredecible
Este incremento en la venta de armas se ha experimentado en todo Estados Unidos ante el temor colectivo a un derrumbe del orden social si se intensifica la crisis sanitaria y económica causada por el virus .
Tiffany Teasdale , propietaria de Lynnwood Gun , ubicada en el estado de Washington , uno de los estados más afectados por el coronavirus , atestigua el aumento masivo en la venta con clientes inclusive haciendo fila una hora antes de que la tienda abra .
“ Tenemos clientes que también están asustados porque se está diciendo a las fuerzas del orden que no respondan tanto a los llamadas debido a la escasez de personal ” , añadió .
“ Así que mucha gente tiene miedo de que alguien entre en su casa para robar dinero , su papel higiénico , su agua embotellada , su comida ” .
Las municiones ya escasean y los fabricantes trabajan sin parar para satisfacer la demanda .
After 20 years at Goldman , the bank ’s former co-head reflects on being gay in the sector ’s macho world , embracing technology and how life is far from dull in retirement
We ’ve always thought that Apple has done a subpar job of advertising the iMac , so maybe this offbeat story will serve as a good jumping off point for Apple to start spreading the word about one of its greatest products .
The most recent iterations of the iMacs are slick and beautifully designed aluminum beasts .
From a design perspective , they ’re quiet , take up barely any space at all , and work exceedingly well .
They ’re also robust .
And by robust we mean that these suckers can survive a devastating fire and still work , because that ’s exactly what happened to Anders Norman , a Swede who recently lost his whole house and the majority of his possessions in a sweeping blaze .
When inspecting the wreckage , Norman was surprised to find that his iMac was one of the few items to actually survive the blaze intact , aside from some noticeable burns and melting to the keyboard .
But not only that , Normal was shocked to find that his iMac not only survived , but still worked !
Norman recalls the incident ,
Unfortunately , the whole house and all things in there completely destroyed so even the iMac .
What ’s funny is that it is still in operation .
While damaged from smoke and dust and partially melted , but yet , however in operation .
After I plugged in the burned power cord and wiped off the worst dust from the screen I pressed the melted start button .
Imagine my surprise when the startup sound sings from the speakers !
The screen turns on and the machine connects to the wireless network .
The mouse works flawlessly and the scroll wheel as well .
Firefox starts and I take up the article from the local magazine about the fire … Fantastic !
On Friday I bought a new iMac at the Apple Store here in Umeå , which I now rejoice .
A few things here .
First , the scroll wheel on my Mighty Mouse barely works in normal conditions , and his works perfectly fine after a fire ?
What gives , Apple ?!
Second , you have to love the Euro - diction ( i.e which I now rejoice ) .
Third , you have to admire this guy ’s state of mind – his entire house burned down but he ’s still rejoicing because he just bout a brand new iMac !
This guy ’s attitude alone earns him a spot on the list of the world ’s most famous Swedes .
Check out his melted keyboard and charred ( yet still working ) mouse .
Feber via TUAW
It was summer .
I do n’t really remember much else in the way of detail , just that it was warm as we wandered along the waterfront .
The bunch of us , all male , all young , all pretty fucking stupid .
Looking for that guy , the one who raped a friend of ours .
The night is pretty much flashes for me now ( I had had a few drinks by this point ) .
Warm night air , street lights , a strong scent of salt in the air .
The tarred pylons on the wharves stand out in my mind for some weird reason .
A few hours earlier a friend of mine had showed up at my place .
I was drinking with some friends ( pretty much what I was doing every night back then ) and she came in , looking pretty rough .
She was a very attractive blonde with an impressive rack and a tiny waist , something she got from hours and hours spent dancing .
She was quiet , rare from this girl , and when we asked about it , she finally broke down and admitted that she had been raped .
Now , the bunch of us were mostly young guys , full of testosterone and anger .
We headed out to find the motherfucker who raped our friend .
We were going to teach him that shit like that did n’t fly in our town , that we looked after our own .
She did n’t want us to do it , wanted us to let it go .
She was upset by the whole thing , and wanted to put it behind her .
Hell , if we had n’t pushed so hard , she would n’t have admitted it .
You probably know where this goes .
We found him , a whole group of us , and we beat the fuck out of him , all the while screaming to keep the rage going .
It ’s a great fantasy .
It took me a long time to spot the issues with her story , a long time to figure out what had happened .
Now , at my advanced age , I know that she lied to us .
She had been drinking , and so had he .
They hooked up , went further than she had planned to go .
That is why she was upset ( and yes , I know that this is the case , and no , I ca n’t tell you how without telling you who ) and not because she was unwilling .
I do n’t know who was initiating things , but I do know now that everything was consensual .
The guy we beat the fuck out of was us , some dumb drunk kid who had sex with some other dumb drunk kid who happened to be a girl , who happened to change her mind .
Fuck guilty until proven innocent , and fuck politically correct .
He did n’t deserve to get beat , and maybe she did , because she fucked up his life a lot that night and in some ways that ca n’t be reversed .
Sorry pony tail guy , I believed her .
A section of the Arctic Ocean seafloor that holds vast stores of frozen methane is showing signs of instability and widespread venting of the powerful greenhouse gas , according to the findings of an international research team led by University of Alaska Fairbanks scientists Natalia Shakhova and Igor Semiletov .
The research results , published in the March 5 edition of the journal Science , show that the permafrost under the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf , long thought to be an impermeable barrier sealing in methane , is perforated and is leaking large amounts of methane into the atmosphere .
Release of even a fraction of the methane stored in the shelf could trigger abrupt climate warming .
“ The amount of methane currently coming out of the East Siberian Arctic Shelf is comparable to the amount coming out of the entire world ’s oceans , ” said Shakhova , a researcher at UAF ’s International Arctic Research Center .
“ Subsea permafrost is losing its ability to be an impermeable cap . ”
Methane is a greenhouse gas more than 30 times more potent than carbon dioxide .
It is released from previously frozen soils in two ways .
When the organic material — which contains carbon — stored in permafrost thaws , it begins to decompose and , under oxygen - free conditions , gradually release methane .
Methane can also be stored in the seabed as methane gas or methane hydrates and then released as subsea permafrost thaws .
These releases can be larger and more abrupt than those that result from decomposition .
The East Siberian Arctic
Shelf is a methane - rich area that encompasses more than 2 million square kilometers of seafloor in the Arctic Ocean .
It is more than three times as large as the nearby Siberian wetlands , which have been considered the primary Northern Hemisphere source of atmospheric methane .
Shakhova ’s research results show that the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf is already a significant methane source : 7 teragrams yearly , which is equal to the amount of methane emitted from the rest of the ocean .
A teragram is equal to about 1.1 million tons .
“ Our concern is that the subsea permafrost has been showing signs of destabilization already , ” she said .
“ If it further destabilizes , the methane emissions may not be teragrams , it would be significantly larger . ”
Shakhova notes that Earth ’s geological record indicates that atmospheric methane concentrations have varied between about .3 to .4 parts per million during cold periods to .6 to .7 parts per million during warm periods .
Current average methane concentrations in the Arctic average about 1.85 parts per million , the highest in 400,000 years , she said .
Concentrations above the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf are even higher .
The East Siberian Arctic
Shelf is a relative frontier in methane studies .
The shelf is shallow , 50 meters or less in depth , which means it has been alternately submerged or terrestrial , depending on sea levels throughout Earth ’s history .
During Earth ’s coldest periods , it is a frozen arctic coastal plain , and does not release methane .
As the planet warms and sea levels rise , it is inundated with seawater , which is 12 - 15 degrees warmer than the average air temperature .
“ It was thought that seawater kept the East Siberian Arctic Shelf permafrost frozen , ” Shakhova said .
“ Nobody considered this huge area . ”
Earlier studies in Siberia focused on methane escaping from thawing terrestrial permafrost .
Semiletov ’s work during the 1990s showed , among other things , that the amount of methane being emitted from terrestrial sources decreased at higher latitudes .
But those studies stopped at the coast .
Starting in the fall of 2003 , Shakhova , Semiletov and the rest of their team took the studies offshore .
From 2003 through 2008 , they took annual research cruises throughout the shelf and sampled seawater at various depths and the air 10 meters above the ocean .
In September 2006 , they flew a helicopter over the same area , taking air samples at up to 2,000 meters in the atmosphere .
In April 2007 , they conducted a winter expedition on the sea ice .
They found that more than 80 percent of the deep water and greater than half of surface water had methane levels more than eight times that of normal seawater .
In some areas , the saturation levels reached at least 250 times that of background levels in the summer and 1,400 times higher in the winter .
They found corresponding results in the air directly above the ocean surface .
Methane levels were elevated overall and the seascape was dotted with more than 100 hotspots .
This , combined with winter expedition results that found methane gas trapped under and in the sea ice , showed the team that the methane was not only being dissolved in the water , it was bubbling out into the atmosphere .
These findings were further confirmed when Shakhova and her colleagues sampled methane levels at higher elevations .
Methane levels throughout the Arctic are usually 8 to 10 percent higher than the global baseline .
When they flew over the shelf , they found methane at levels another 5 to 10 percent higher than the already elevated arctic levels .
The East Siberian Arctic
Shelf , in addition to holding large stores of frozen methane , is more of a concern because it is so shallow .
In deep water , methane gas oxidizes into carbon dioxide before it reaches the surface .
In the shallows of the East Siberian Arctic Shelf , methane simply does n’t have enough time to oxidize , which means more of it escapes into the atmosphere .
That , combined with the sheer amount of methane in the region , could add a previously uncalculated variable to climate models .
“ The release to the atmosphere of only one percent of the methane assumed to be stored in shallow hydrate deposits might alter the current atmospheric burden of methane up to 3 to 4 times , ” Shakhova said .
“ The climatic consequences of this are hard to predict . ”
Shakhova , Semiletov and collaborators from 12 institutions in five countries plan to continue their studies in the region , tracking the source of the methane emissions and drilling into the seafloor in an effort to estimate how much methane is stored there .
Explore further Just How Significant Is Methane On Titan ?
( New York ) - The Sri Lankan government should end its indefinite arbitrary detention of more than 11,000 people held in so - called rehabilitation centers and release those not being prosecuted , Human Rights Watch said in a report released today .
The 30 - page report , " Legal Limbo : The Uncertain Fate of Detained LTTE Suspects in Sri Lanka , " is based on interviews with the detainees ' relatives , humanitarian workers , and human rights advocates , among others .
The Sri Lankan government has routinely violated the fundamental rights of the detainees , Human Rights Watch found .
The government contends that the 11,000 detainees are former fighters or supporters of the defeated Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) .
" The government has been keeping 11,000 people in a legal limbo for months , " said Brad Adams , Asia director at Human Rights Watch .
" It 's time to identify who presents a genuine security threat and to release the rest . "
The government has denied detainees the right to be informed of specific reasons for their arrest , to challenge the lawfulness of the detention before an independent judicial authority , and to have access to legal counsel and family members , Human Rights Watch said .
It is unclear whether any have been formally charged with crimes or what acts they are accused of committing that led the government to detain them .
While the government has the right and responsibility to protect public safety , it also has to do so in a lawful manner that respects basics rights , Human Rights Watch said .
During the final months of the 26 - year - long conflict between the Sri Lankan government and the LTTE , which ended with the defeat of the LTTE in May 2009 , the government confined nearly 300,000 people displaced by the conflict in what the government called " welfare camps " in the north .
Since early 2008 virtually all civilians fleeing the fighting had been confined in these camps .
At checkpoints and in the camps , the authorities separated the more than 11,000 individuals with suspected ties to the LTTE and sent them to " rehabilitation centers . "
More than 550 children were among those transferred to these centers .
While the government contends that many of those being held have surrendered to rehabilitation voluntarily , the lack of access to the detainees by humanitarian agencies and other independent monitors makes it difficult to know how many surrendered , how many of this group did so voluntarily , and how many were arrested .
The lack of transparency in the process and of information about the fate and whereabouts of some of the detainees raises concerns about possible torture or mistreatment in custody , and the possibility that some may have been forcibly disappeared , Human Rights Watch said .
As documented by Human Rights Watch in a 2008 report , " Recurring Nightmare : State Responsibility for ' Disappearances ' and Abductions in Sri Lanka , " enforced disappearances have been a longstanding problem in Sri Lanka , and thousands of people remain unaccounted for .
In an illustrative case , the army detained 32 - year - old Jeganathan on May 15 , 2009 , after he crossed into government - controlled areas with his wife , Aanathi , and their one - year - old son .
The military insisted that Aanathi continue to the camp and she heard nothing about her husband for several weeks .
" I lost all hope , " Aanathi told Human Rights Watch .
" I thought that I would never see him again . "
A relative of Aanathi eventually located Jeganathan in one of the rehabilitation centers , and Aanathi has been able to visit him on occasion .
Months after he was detained , the government has not informed him how long he is supposed to stay in the center .
He has not had access to a lawyer and he has not been able to contest his detention before a court .
During Aanathi's last visit to see her husband he told her that the authorities continue to interrogate him and that they had started beating some of the other " surrendees . "
The Sri Lankan government has asked international donors to provide financial support for the " rehabilitation centers . "
Human Rights
Watch said that donors should not support the centers unless and until the rights of the detainees are fully respected .
" In the absence of due process guarantees , support for these centers is support for the government 's illegal detention policy , " said Adams .
" No donor should be associated with that . "
Archive - Name : caffeine - faq
Last - modified : January 7 , 1998
Version : 2.98
View all headers Newsgroups : alt.drugs.caffeine,alt.coffee,rec.food.drink.coffee,alt.answers,rec.answers,news.answers
Path : senator - bedfellow.mit.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!news.kodak.com!news-nysernet-16.sprintlink.net!news-east1.sprintlink.net!news-peer1.sprintlink.net!news-peer-east1.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!sunqbc.risq.qc.ca!newsflash.concordia.ca!utnut!kwon!watserv3.uwaterloo.ca!undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca!alopez-o
From : alopez-o@daisy.uwaterloo.ca ( Alex Lopez - Ortiz ) Subject : Coffee and Caffeine 's Frequently Asked Questions Summary :
All you wanted to know about caffeinated beverages Originator : alopez-o@daisy.uwaterloo.ca Sender : news@undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca ( news spool owner ) Message - ID : < coffee_911847901@daisy.uwaterloo.ca >
Supersedes : < coffee_911243101@daisy.uwaterloo.ca >
Approved : news - answers-request@MIT.Edu Date : Mon , 23 Nov 1998 19:05:10 GMT
Expires : Sun , 13 Dec 1998 19:05:01 GMT
Reply - To : alopez-o@daisy.uwaterloo.ca NNTP - Posting - Host : daisy.uwaterloo.ca Organization : University of Waterloo Url : http://www.cs.unb.ca/~alopez-o/caffaq.html
Followup - To : alt.drugs.caffeine,rec.food.drink.coffee
Lines : 1710 Xref : senator - bedfellow.mit.edu alt.drugs.caffeine:14642 alt.coffee:37767 rec.food.drink.coffee:28038 alt.answers:38181 rec.answers:45366 news.answers:145008
View main headers
See reader questions & answers on this topic ! -
Help others by sharing your knowledge Frequently Asked Questions about Coffee and Caffeine ****************************************************
URL : http://www.cs.unb.ca/~alopez-o/caffaq.html
Alejandro Lopez - Ortiz alopez-o@unb.ca
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
This FAQ is dedicated to all beverages and products that contain caffeine ; including tea , coffee , chocolate , mate , caffeinated soft drinks , caffeinated pills , coffee beans , etc .
There are several newsgroups in which these topics may be of relevance , including alt.drugs.caffeine , rec.food.drink.coffee , rec.food.drink.tea , and alt.food.chocolate .
Rec.food.drink .coffee is preferred over alt.coffee and alt.food.coffee . [ Image ]
1 . The Chemistry of Caffeine and related products 1 .
How much caffeine is there in [ drink / food / pill ] ?
2 . How much caffeine there is in blend X ? 3 . Chemically speaking , what is caffeine ?
4 . Is it true that tea has no caffeine / What is theine , theobromine , etc ?
5 . Where can I find a gif of the caffeine molecule ?
6 . Is it true that espresso has less caffeine than regular coffee ?
7 . How does caffeine taste ?
8 . How much theobromine / theophylline there is in ...?
2 . How to brew the ultimate caffeine drink ?
1 . What is the best temperature for drip coffee ?
2 . Quality of coffee 3 .
Why you should never use percolators 3 . Peripherals and Secondary Storage 1 .
Proper care of Coffee makers ...
2 . How to store coffee ?
3 . Equipment reviews ?
4 . What is a French Press / Cafetiere / Bodum ?
4 . Caffeine and your Health 1 . Caffeine Withdrawal 2 .
What happens when you overdose ?
3 . Effects of caffeine on pregnant women .
4 . Caffeine and Osteoporosis ( Calcium loss ) 5 . Studies on the side - effects of caffeine ...
6 . Caffeine and depression .
7 . Caffeine and your metabolism .
5 . Miscellaneous 1 . How do you pronounce mate ?
2 . How do you spell Colombia / Colombian ?
3 . How do you spell Espresso ?
4 . Where did the term " cup of joe " come from ?
6 . Coffee Recipes and other beverages 1 . Espresso 2 . Chocolate covered espresso beans 3 . Cappuccino 4 . Frappe 5 . How to make your own chocolate 6 .
How to make the best cup of coffee 7 . Turkish Coffee 8 . Irish Coffee 9 . Thai Iced Coffee 10 .
Vietnamese Iced Coffee 11 .
Melya 7 . Electronic Resources 8 . Administrivia 1 . List of Contributors 2 . Copyright 1 . The Chemistry of Caffeine and related products 1 .
How much caffeine is there in [ drink / food / pill ] ?
According to the National Soft Drink Association , the following is the caffeine content in mgs per 12 oz can of soda : Afri-Cola 100.0 ( ? ) Jolt 71.2 Sugar - Free Mr. Pibb 58.8 Mountain Dew 55.0 ( no caffeine in Canada ) Diet Mountain Dew 55.0 Kick citrus 54 ( 36 mg per 8 oz can , caffeine from guarana ) Mello Yellow 52.8 Surge 51.0 Tab 46.8 Battery energy drink -- 140mg/l = 46.7mg / can Coca - Cola 45.6 Diet Cola 45.6 Shasta Cola 44.4 Shasta Cherry Cola 44.4 Shasta Diet Cola 44.4 Mr. Pibb 40.8 OK Soda 40.5 Dr. Pepper 39.6 Pepsi Cola 37.2 Aspen 36.0 Diet Pepsi 35.4 RC
Cola 36.0 Diet RC 36.0 Diet Rite 36.0 Canada Dry Cola 30.0 Canada Dry Diet Cola 1.2 7 Up 0 Krank2o sample 1 97.7mg/500 ml sample 2 101.6mg/500ml Lab : Ameritech Labs , College Pt , NY ; tested Sep 03 , 96 Krank2o middle 96.4mg/500ml Lab : Ameritech Labs , tested Aug 29 , 96
By means of comparison , a 7 oz cup of coffee has the following caffeine ( mg ) amounts , according to Bunker and McWilliams in J. Am. Diet .
74:28-32 , 1979 : Drip 115-175 Espresso 100mg of caffeine 1 serving ( 1.5 - 2oz ) Brewed 80 - 135 Instant 65 - 100 Decaf , brewed 3 - 4 Decaf , instant 2 - 3 Tea , iced ( 12 ozs . )
70 Tea , brewed , imported 60 Tea , brewed , U.S. 40 Tea , instant 30 Mate 25 - 150mg
The variability in the amount of caffeine in a cup of coffee or tea is relatively large even if prepared by the same person using the same equipment and ingredients day after day .
Reference Variability in caffeine consumption from coffee and tea : Possible significance for epidemiological studies by B. Stavric , R. Klassen , B. Watkinson , K. Karpinski , R. Stapley , and P. Fried in " Foundations of Chemical Toxicology " , Volume 26 , number 2 , pp. 111-118 , 1988 and an easy to read overview , Looking for the Perfect Brew by S. Eisenberg , " Science News " , Volume 133 , April 16 , 1988 , pp. 252-253 .
Quote from the lab manual : Caffeine is present in tea leaves and in coffee to the extent of about 4 % .
Tea also contains two other alkaloids , theobromine and theophylline .
These last two relax the smooth muscles where caffeine stimulates the heart and respiratory systems .
The effects of theobromine are , compared to caffeine and theophylline , relatively moderate .
However , cocoa contains eight times more theophylline than caffeine .
As well , caffeine has been shown to combine with other substances for added potency .
Thus the effects of theobromine might be enhanced by the caffeine in chocolate .
Theobromine is highly toxic to dogs and kills many canids / year via chocolate poisoning .
It takes quite a dose to reach fatal levels ( more than 200 mg / kg bodyweight ) but some dogs have a bad habit of eating out of garbage cans and some owners have a bad habit of feeding dogs candy .
A few oreos wo n't hurt a dog , but a pound of chocolate can do considerable damage .
Clinical signs of theobromine toxicity in canids usually manifest 8 hours after ingestion and can include : thirst , vomiting , diarrhea , urinary incontinence , nervousness , clonic muscle spasms , seizures and coma .
Any dog thought to have ingested a large quantity of chocolate should be brought to an emergency clinic asap , where treatment usually includes the use of emetics and activated charcoal .
The dog will thus need to be monitored to maintain proper fluid and electrolyte balance .
Pathogenesis of theobromine toxicity : evidently large quantities of theobromine have a diuretic effect , relax smooth muscles , and stimulate the heart and cns .
Reference : Fraser , Clarence M. , et al , eds .
The Merck Veterinary Manual , 7th ed. Rahway , NJ : Merck & Co. , Inc. 1991 . pp. 1643 -44 .
On humans caffeine acts particularly on the brain and skeletal muscles while theophylline targets heart , bronchia , and kidneys .
Other data on caffeine : Cup of coffee 90 - 150 mg Instant coffee 60 - 80 mg Tea 30 - 70 mg Mate 25 - 150mg Cola 30 - 45 mg Chocolate bar 30mg Stay - awake pill 100mg Vivarin 200mg
Cold relief tablet 30mg
The following information is from Bowes and Church 's Food values of portions commonly used , by Anna De Planter Bowes .
Lippincott , Phila .
1989 .
Pages 261 - 2 : Caffeine .
Candy : Chocolate mg caffeine baking choc , unsweetened , Bakers - - 1 oz ( 28 g ) 25 german sweet , Bakers -- 1 oz ( 28 g ) 8 semi-sweet , Bakers -- 1 oz ( 28 g ) 13 Choc chips Bakers -- 1/4 cup ( 43 g ) 13 german sweet , Bakers -- 1/4 cup ( 43 g ) 15 Chocolate bar , Cadbury -- 1 oz ( 28 g ) 15 Chocolate milk 8 oz 8 Desserts : Jello Pudding Pops , Choc ( 47 g ) 2 Choc mousse from Jell - O mix ( 95 g ) 6 Jello choc fudge mousse ( 86 g ) 12 Beverages 3 heaping teaspoons of choc powder mix 8 2 tablespoons choc syrup 5 1 envelope hot cocoa mix 5 Dietary formulas ensure , plus , choc , Ross Labs -- 8 oz ( 259 g ) 10 Cadbury Milk Chocolate Bar More stuff : Guarana " Magic Power " ( quite common in Germany ) , 15 ml alcohol with 5g Guarana Seeds 250.0 mg Guarana capsules with 500 mg G. seeds 25.0 mg / capsule ( assuming 5 % caffeine in seeds as stated in literature ) Guarana soda pop is ubiquitous in Brazil and often available at tropical groceries here .
It 's really tasty and packs a wallop .
Guarana wakes you up like crazy , but it does n't cause coffee jitters .
It is possible that in addition to caffeine , there is some other substance in guarana that also produces an effect , since it ' feels ' different than coffee .
Same goes for mate .
2 . How much caffeine there is in blend X ? Caffeine Content in beans and blends ( Source : Newsletter -- Mountanos Bros. Coffee Co. , San Francisco ) VARIETALS / STRAIGHTS
Brazil Bourbons 1.20 % Celebes Kalossi 1.22 Colombia Excelso 1.37 Colombia Supremo 1.37 Costa Rica Tarrazu 1.35 Ethiopian Harrar - Moka 1.13 Guatemala Antigua 1.32 Indian Mysore 1.37 Jamaican Blue Mtn/ Wallensford Estate 1.24 Java Estate Kuyumas 1.20 Kenya AA 1.36 Kona Extra Prime 1.32 Mexico Pluma Altura 1.17 Mocha Mattari ( Yemen ) 1.01 New Guinea 1.30 Panama Organic 1.34 Sumatra Mandheling - Lintong 1.30 Tanzania Peaberry 1.42 Zimbabwe 1.10 BLENDS & DARK ROASTS Colombia Supremo Dark 1.37 % Espresso Roast 1.32 French Roast 1.22 Vienna Roast 1.27 Mocha - Java 1.17 DECAFS -- all @ .02 % with Swiss Water Process 3 . Chemically speaking , what is caffeine ?
Caffeine is an alkaloid .
There are numerous compounds called alkaloids , among them we have the methylxanthines , with three distinguished compounds : caffeine , theophylline , and theobromine , found in cola nuts , coffee , tea , cacao beans , mate and other plants .
These compounds have different biochemical effects , and are present in different ratios in the different plant sources .
These compounds are very similar and differ only by the presence of methyl groups in two positions of the chemical structure .
They are easily oxidized to uric acid and other methyluric acids which are also similar in chemical structure .
Caffeine : Sources : Coffee , tea , cola nuts , mate , guarana .
Effects : Stimulant of central nervous system , cardiac muscle , and respiratory system , diuretic Delays fatigue .
Theophylline : Sources : Tea Effects : Cariac stimulant , smooth muscle relaxant , diuretic , vasodilator Theobromine : Sources : Principle alkaloid of the cocoa bean ( 1.5-3 % ) Cola nuts and tea Effects : Diuretic , smooth muscle relaxant , cardiac stimulant , vasodilator .
( Info from Merck Index )
The presence of the other alkaloids in colas and tea may explain why these sometimes have a stronger kick than coffee .
Colas , which have lower caffeine contents than coffee are , reportedly , sometimes more active .
Tea seems the strongest for some .
Coffee seems more lasting for mental alertness and offers fewer jitters than the others .
A search in CAS and produced these names and synonyms : RN 58-08 - 2 REGISTRY CN 1H - Purine -2,6- dione , 3,7- dihydro-1,3,7- trimethyl- ( 9CI ) ( CA INDEX NAME ) OTHER CA INDEX NAMES : CN Caffeine ( 8CI ) OTHER NAMES : CN 1,3,7 - Trimethyl-2,6-dioxopurine CN 1,3,7-Trimethylxanthine CN 7-Methyltheophylline CN Alert - Pep CN Cafeina CN Caffein CN Cafipel CN Guaranine CN Koffein CN Mateina CN Methyltheobromine CN No-Doz CN Refresh'n CN Stim CN Thein CN Theine CN Tri-Aqua MF C8 H10 N4 O2
The correct name is the first one , 1H - Purine - 2,6 - diione , 3,7 - dihydro-1,3,7 - trimethyl -
( This is the " inverted name " )
The " uninverted name " is 3,7 - Dihydro -1,3,7 - trimethyl - 1H - purine - 2,6 - dione Merck Index excerpt ...
Caffeine : 3,7 - dihydro- 1,3,7- trimethyl- 1H - purine - 2,6 - dione ; 1,3,7-trimethylxanthine ; 1,3,7- trimethyl- 2,6 - dioxopurine ; coffeine ; thein ; guaranine ; methyltheobromine ; No -Doz .
C8H10N4O2 ; mol wt 194.19 .
C 49.48 % , H 5.19 % , N 28.85 % , O 16.48 % .
Occurs in tea , coffee , mate leaves ; also in guarana paste and cola nuts : Shuman , U.S. pat. 2,508,545 ( 1950 to General Foods ) .
Obtained as a by - product from the manuf of caffeine - free coffee : Barch , U.S. pat .
2,817,588 ( 1957 to Standard Brands ) ; Nutting , U.S. pat. 2,802,739 ( 1957 to Hill Bros. Coffee ) ; Adler , Earle , U.S. pat. 2,933,395 ( 1960 to General Foods ) .
Crystal structure : Sutor , Acta Cryst. 11 , 453 , ( 1958 ) .
Synthesis : Fischer , Ach , Ber. 28 , 2473 , 3135 ( 1895 ) ; Gepner , Kreps , J. Gen. Chem . USSR 16 , 179 ( 1946 ) ; Bredereck et al. , Ber. 83 , 201 ( 1950 ) ; Crippa , Crippa , Farmaco Ed. Sci. 10 , 616 ( 1955 ) ; Swidinsky , Baizer , U.S. pats .
2,785,162 and 2,785,163 ( 1957 to Quinine Chem . Works ) ; Bredereck , Gotsmann , Ber. 95 , 1902 ( 1962 ) .
Hexagonal prisms by sublimation , mp 238 C. Sublimes 178 C.
Fast sublimation is obtained at 160 - 165 C under 1 mm press . at 5 mm distance .
d 1.23 . Kb at 19 C : 0.7 x 10 ^( - 14 ) . Ka at 25 C : < 1.0 x 10 ^( - 14 ) . pH of 1 % soln 6.9 .
Aq solns of caffeine salts dissociate quickly .
Absorption spectrum : Hartley , J. Chem. Soc. 87 , 1802 ( 1905 ) .
One gram dissolves in 46 ml water , 5.5 ml water at 80 C , 1.5 ml boiling water , 66 ml alcohol , 22 ml alcohol at 60 C , 50 ml acetone , 5.5 ml chloroform , 530 ml ether , 100 ml benzene , 22 ml boiling benzene .
Freely sol in pyrrole ; in tetrahydrofuran contg about 4 % water ; also sol in ethyl acetate ; slightly in petr ether .
Soly in water is increased by alkali benzoates , cinnamates , citrates , or salicylates .
Monohydrate , felted needles , contg 8.5 % H2O .
Efflorescent in air ; complete dehydration takes place at 80 C. LD50 orally in rats : 200 mg / kg .
Acetate , C8H10N4O2 .( CH3COOH ) 2 , granules or powder ; acetic acid odor ; acid reaction .
Loses acetic acid on exposure to air .
Soluble in water or alcohol with hydrolysis into caffeine and acetic acid .
Keep well stoppered .
Hydrochloride dihydrate , C8H10N4O2.HCl.2H2O , crystals , dec 80 - 100 C with loss of water and HCl .
Sol in water and in alcohol with dec .
Therap Cat : Central stimulant .
Therap Cat ( Vet ) : Has been used as a cardiac and respiratory stimulant and as a diuretic .
4 . Is it true that tea has no caffeine / What is theine , theobromine , etc ?
From " Principles of biochemistry " , Horton and al , 1993 .
Caffeine is sometimes called " theine " when it 's in tea .
This is probably due to an ancient misconception that the active constituent is different .
Theophylline is present only in trace amounts .
It is more diuretic , more toxic and less speedy .
Caffeine 1,3,7 - trimethylxanthine Theophylline 1,3 - dimethylxanthine Theobromine 3,7 - dimethylxanthine Coffee and tea contain caffeine and theophylline , respectively , which are methylated purine derivatives that inhibit cAMP phosphodiesterase .
In the presence of these inhibitors , the effects of cAMP , and thus the stimulatory effects of the hormones that lead to its production , are prolonged and intensified .
Theobromine and theophylline are two dimethylxanthines that have two rather than three methyl groups .
Theobromine is considerably weaker than caffeine and theophylline , having about one tenth the stimulating effect of either .
Theobromine is found in cocoa products , tea ( only in very small amounts ) and kola nuts , but is not found in coffee .
In cocoa , its concentration is generally about 7 times as great as caffeine .
Although , caffeine is relatively scarce in cocoa , its mainly because of theobromine that cocoa is " stimulating " .
Theophylline is found in very small amounts in tea , but has a stronger effect on the heart and breathing than caffeine .
For this reason it is often the drug of choice in home remedies for treating asthma bronchitis and emphysema .
The theophylline found in medicine is made from extracts from coffee or tea .
5 . Where can I find a gif of the caffeine molecule ?
Caffeine = 1,3,7 - Trimethylxanthine A different view of the caffeine molecule .
The Department of Chemistry at Jamaica of the University of Western Indies has made available an avi and an mpeg of a rotation of the caffeine molecule , among other molecules and chemical processes .
The index page contains more information and the links to the clips .
CH3 | N / \ N----C C==O || || | || || | CH C N-- CH3 \ / \ / N C | || CH3 O
There is a gif picture at the wuarchive .
wustl.edu ftp site or any of its mirror sites under multimedia / images / gif / c caffeine Theobromine is also a common component of coffee , tea , chocolate , and mate ( particularly in these last two ) .
Theobromine CH3 | N / \ N----C C==O || || | || || | CH C N-- H \ / \ / N C | || CH3 O Theophylline was once thought to be a major component of tea .
This is not correct .
Tea contains significantly more amounts of caffeine than of theophylline .
Theophylline CH3 | N / \ N----C C==O || || | || || | CH C N-- CH3 \ / \ / N C | || H O 6 .
Is it true that espresso has less caffeine than regular coffee ?
Yes and no .
An espresso cup has about as much caffeine as a cup of dark brew .
But servings for espresso are much smaller .
Which means that the content of caffeine per millilitre are much higher than with a regular brew .
Moreover , caffeine is more quickly assimilated when taken in concentrated dosages , such as an espresso cup .
The myth of lower caffeine espresso comes comes from the fact that the darker roast beans used for espresso do have less caffeine than regularly roasted beans as roasting is supposed to break up or sublimate the caffeine in the beans ( I have read this quote on research articles , but found no scientific studies supporting it .
Anybody out there ? ) .
But espresso is prepared using pressurized water through significantly more ground ( twice as much ? ) than regular drip coffee , resulting in a higher percentage of caffeine per millilitre .
Here 's the caffeine content of Drip / Espresso / Brewed Coffee : Drip 115 - 175 Espresso 100 1 serving ( 1.5 - 2oz ) Brewed 80 - 135 7 .
How does caffeine taste ?
Caffeine is very bitter .
Barq 's Root Beer contains caffeine and the company says that it has " 12.78 mg per 6 oz " and that they " add it as a flavouring agent for the sharp bitterness " 8 .
How much theobromine / theophylline there is in ...?
Sources : Physicians Desk Reference and Institute of Food Technologies from Pafai and Jankiewicz ( 1991 ) DRUGS AND HUMAN BEHAVIOUR cocoa 250 mg theobromine bittersweet choc. bar 130 mg theobromine 5 oz cup brewed coffee no theobromine tea 5 oz cup brewed 3 min with teabag 3 - 4 mg theophylline Diet Coke no theobromine or theophylline *
How to brew the ultimate caffeine drink ?
1 . What is the best temperature for drip coffee ?
According to chemical studies , the optimal water temperature for drip coffee is 95 -98C .
According to my notes , colder water does n't extract enough caffeine / essential oils from the beans , and above such temperature the acidity increases wildly .
2 . Quality of coffee
The quality of a brew depend on the following factors ( in no particular order ) : 1 . Time since grinding the beans .
2 . Time since roasting .
3 . Cleanliness with brewing equipment .
4 . Bean quality ( what crop etc ) .
5 . Water quality .
Fact : Unless you are buying some major debris , bean quality is not very important , as compared to 1 - 3 and 5 .
Fact : A coffee can in the supermarket often contains major debris , so be careful when you choose .
( See note below ) .
Fact :
Once you have freshly roasted and ground coffee , filtered water and equipment free of oil residues from the last brew , quality of beans makes a huge difference .
NOTE : A coffee can in the supermarket often contains a blend of Arabica and robusta beans while most coffee houses sell only arabica beans .
Arabica beans are usually flavour rich , while robusta beans have more caffeine , less flavour and are cheaper to produce .
When you buy coffee , whether in a coffee house or in a supermarket , you want to get 100 % arabica , except for espresso blends , which are a combination of both .
For freshness , in a coffee house it is better to buy popular blends that move fast , while in a supermarket vacuum packaged containers with expiry date are your best bet .
3 . Why you should never use percolators .
Percolators violate most of the natural laws about brewing coffee .
o
Do n't overextract the oils and flavour .
Percolators work by taking coffee and reheating it and throwing it over the grounds over and over and over again .
o Never reheat / boil coffee .
This destroys the flavour .
For best flavour , boil the water , pass it over the grounds and retain the heat .
Do n't reheat it .
Violating these rules may not sound like much , but these are about the only rules there are .
The effect of a percolator is to keep passing boiling water / coffee over the grounds until there is no flavour left and the flavour in the coffee is so dead that it 's a worthless waste .
* Peripherals and Secondary Storage 1 .
Proper care of coffee makers ...
It is very important that you wash your coffee maker pot and filter container thoroughly at least once a week .
Bitter oils stick to the glass container and plastic filter holder .
I used to wash the plastic filter container and rinse the glass pot .
Coffee started to taste bad .
When I was told to wash both thoroughly with plenty of soap the flavour improved instantly .
Note :
To the naked eye rinsed and soap washed pots look the same ( clean that is ) .
Some drip coffee makers require periodic cleansing with a solution of water and vinegar .
If you have a coffee / teapot , the inside of which is stained with oily brown residues - also plastic / metal coffee filters , tea strainers , and stainless steel sinks in caffeine - o- phile houses - they can be restored to a shining , brand - spanking - new state by washing in hot washing powder ( detergent ) .
Get a large plastic jug , add 2..3 heaped tablespoons of Daz Automatic or Bold or whatever , and about a pint of hot water - just off the boil is the best .
Swill the jug around until the detergent is dissolved , and then pour into tea / coffeepot , and let it stand for 5 minutes , swilling the pot around occasionally , just to keep the detergent moving .
Put the lid on and shake it a few times ( care : slippery + hot ) Repeat as necessary .
Keep it hot with a little boiling water if needed .
If you have a cafetiere , dissemble it , and soak the parts in the mixture for a few minutes , agitating occasionally .
In both cases , the residue just falls off with almost no scrubbing .
It does great things with over - used filter machine filters , too .
Important : Rinse off all detergent afterwards , use lots of fresh water .
2 . How to store coffee ?
One should always store coffee beans in a glass , air tight container .
Air is coffee 's principle enemy .
Glass is best because it does n't retain the odors of the beans or the oils , which could contaminate future beans stored in the same container .
However , if you use glass , make sure the container is not exposed to light , as sunlight is believed to reduce freshness .
For consumption within : 1 week room temperature is fine 2 weeks to a month refrigerate freeze them This prevents the chemical reactions that produce stale beans and lifeless coffee .
3 . Equipment reviews ?
4 . What is a French Press / Cafetiere / Bodum French presses are usually glass containers with a wire mesh attached to a plunger .
To make coffee , you first boil water , then pour water into the container which should contain one or two spoons of coffee per cup .
You let it rest for 2 - 3 minutes and then plunge the wire mesh .
This filters the coffee .
* Caffeine and your Health Important :
This information was excerpted from several sources , no claims are made to its accuracy .
The FAQ mantainer is not a medical doctor and cannot vouch for the accuracy of this information .
1 . Caffeine Withdrawal : Procedures and Symptoms .
How to cut caffeine intake ?
Most people report a very good success ratio by cutting down caffeine intake at the rate of 1/2 cup of coffee a day .
This is known as Caffeine Fading .
Alternatively you might try reducing coffee intake in discrete steps of two - five cups of coffee less per week ( depending on how high is your initial intake ) .
If you are drinking more than 10 cups of coffee a day , you should seriously consider cutting down .
The best way to proceed is to consume caffeine regularly for a week , while keeping a precise log of the times and amounts of caffeine intake ( remember that chocolate , tea , soda beverages and many headache pills contain caffeine as well as coffee ) .
At the end of the week proceed to reduce your coffee intake at the rate recommended above .
Remember to have substitutes available for drinking : if you are not going to have a hot cup of coffee at your 10 minute break , you might consider having hot chocolate or herbal tea , but NOT decaff , since decaff has also been shown to be addictive .
This should take you through the works without much problem .
Some other people quit cold turkey .
Withdrawal symptoms are quite nasty this way ( see section below ) but they can usually be countered with lots of sleep and exercise .
Many people report being able to stop drinking caffeine almost cold - turkey while on holidays on the beach .
If quitting cold turkey is proving too hard even in the beach , drinking a coke might help .
What are the symptoms of caffeine withdrawal ?
Regular caffeine consumption reduces sensitivity to caffeine .
When caffeine intake is reduced , the body becomes oversensitive to adenosine .
In response to this oversensitiveness , blood pressure drops dramatically , causing an excess of blood in the head ( though not necessarily on the brain ) , leading to a headache .
This headache , well known among coffee drinkers , usually lasts from one to five days , and can be alleviated with analgesics such as aspirin .
It is also alleviated with caffeine intake ( in fact several analgesics contain caffeine dosages ) .
Often , people who are reducing caffeine intake report being irritable , unable to work , nervous , restless , and feeling sleepy , as well as having a headache .
In extreme cases , nausea and vomiting has also been reported .
References .
Caffeine and Health .
J. E. James , Academic Press , 1991 .
Progress in Clinical and Biological Research Volume 158 .
G. A. Spiller , Ed. Alan R. Liss Inc , 1984 .
2 . What happens when you overdose ?
From Desk Reference to the Diagnostic Criteria from DSM - 3 - R ( American Psychiatric Association , 1987 ) : Caffeine - Induced Organic Mental Disorder 305.90 Caffeine Intoxication 1 . Recent consumption of caffeine , usually in excess of 250 mg .
2 . At least five of the following signs : 1 . restlessness 2 . nervousness 3 . excitement 4 . insomnia 5 . flushed face 6 . diuresis 7 . gastrointestinal disturbance 8 . muscle twitching 9 . rambling flow of thought and speech 10 .
tachycardia or cardiac arrhythmia 11 . periods of inexhaustibility 12 . psychomotor agitation 3 .
Not due to any physical or other mental disorder , such as an Anxiety Disorder .
Basically , overdosing on caffeine will probably be very very unpleasant but not kill or deliver permanent damage .
However , People do die from it .
Toxic dose
The LD_50 of caffeine ( that is the lethal dosage reported to kill 50 % of the population ) is estimated at 10 grams for oral administration .
As it is usually the case , lethal dosage varies from individual to individual according to weight .
Ingestion of 150 mg / kg of caffeine seems to be the LD_50 for all people .
That is , people weighting 50 kilos have an LD_50 of approx .
7.5 grams , people weighting 80 kilos have an LD_50 of about 12 grams .
In cups of coffee the LD_50 varies from 50 to 200 cups of coffee or about 50 vivarins ( 200 mg each ) .
One exceptional case documents survival after ingesting 24 grams .
The minimum lethal dose ever reported was 3.2 grams intravenously , this does not represent the oral MLD ( minimum lethal dose ) .
In small children ingestion of 35 mg / kg can lead to moderate toxicity .
The amount of caffeine in an average cup of coffee is 50 - 200 mg .
Infants metabolize caffeine very slowly .
Symptoms +
Acute caffeine poisoning gives early symptoms of anorexia , tremor , and restlessness .
Followed by nausea , vomiting , tachycardia , and confusion .
Serious intoxication may cause delirium , seizures , supraventricular and ventricular tachyarrhythmias , hypokalemia , and hyperglycemia . +
Chronic high - dose caffeine intake can lead to nervousness , irritability , anxiety , tremulousness , muscle twitching , insomnia , palpitations and hyperreflexia .
For blood testing , cross-reaction with theophylline assays will detect toxic amounts .
( Method IA ) Blood concentration of 1 - 10 mg / L is normal in coffee drinkers , while 80 mg / L has been associated with death .
Treatment + Emergency Measures +
Maintain the airway and assist ventilation .
( See Appendix A ) +
Treat seizures & hypotension if they occur . +
Hypokalemia usually goes away by itself .
+ Monitor Vital Signs . + + Specific drugs & antidotes .
Beta blockers effectively reverse cardiotoxic effects mediated by excessive beta-adrenergic stimulation .
Treat hypotension or tachyarrhythmias with intravenous propanolol , .01 - .02 mg/kg. , or esmolol , .05 mg/kg , carefully titrated with low doses .
Esmolol is preferred because of its short half life and low cardioselectivity .
+
Decontamination +
Induce vomiting or perform gastric lavage .
+
Administer activated charcoal and cathartic . +
Gut emptying is probably not needed if 1 2 are performed promptly .
Appendix A Performing airway assistance .
1 . If no neck injury is suspected , place in the " Sniffing " position by tilting the head back and extending the front of the neck .
2 . Apply the " Jaw Thrust " to move the tongue out of the way without flexing the neck :
Place thumb fingers from both hands under the back of the jaw and thrust the jaw forward so that the chin sticks out .
This should also hurt the patient , allowing you to judge depth of coma . :)
3 . Tilt the head to the side to allow vomit and snot to drain out .
From conversations on alt.drugs .caffeine :
The toxic dose is going to vary from person to person , depending primarily on built - up tolerance .
A couple people report swallowing 10 to 13 vivarin and ending up in the hospital with their stomaches pumped , while a few say they 've taken that many and barely stayed awake .
A symptom lacking in the clinical manual but reported by at least two people on the net is a loss of motor ability : inability to move , speak , or even blink .
The experience is consistently described as very unpleasant and not fun at all , even by those very familiar with caffeine nausea and headaches .
3 . Effects of caffeine on pregnant women .
Caffeine has long been suspect of causing mal - formations in fetus , and that it may reduce fertility rates .
These reports have proved controversial .
What is known is that caffeine does causes malformations in rats , when ingested at rates comparable to 70 cups a day for humans .
Many other species respond equally to such large amounts of caffeine .
Data is scant , as experimentation on humans is not feasible .
In any case moderation in caffeine ingestion seems to be a prudent course for pregnant women .
Recent references are Pastore and Savitz , Case - control study of caffeinated beverages and preterm delivery .
American Journal of Epidemiology , Jan 1995 .
On men , it has been shown that caffeine reduces rates of sperm motility which may account for some findings of reduced fertility .
4 . Caffeine and Osteoporosis ( Calcium loss ) From the Journal of AMA : ( JAMA , 26 Jan. 1994 , p. 280-3 . )
" There was a significant association between ( drinking more ) caffeinated coffee and decreasing bone mineral density at both the hip and the spine , independent of age , obesity , years since menopause , and the use of tobacco , estrogen , alcohol , thiazides , and calcium supplements [ in women ] . "
Except when : " Bone density did not vary [...] in women who reported drinking at least one glass of milk per day during most of their adult lives . "
That is , if you drink a glass of milk a day , there is no need to worry about the caffeine related loss of calcium .
5 . Studies on the side - effects of caffeine .
OAKLAND , California ( UPI ) --
Coffee may be good for life .
A major study has found fewer suicides among coffee drinkers than those who abstained from the hot black brew .
The study of nearly 130,000 Northern California residents and the records of 4,500 who have died looked at the effects of coffee and tea on mortality .
Cardiologist Arthur Klatsky said of the surprising results , `` This is not a fluke finding because our study was very large , involved a multiracial population , men , women , and examined closely numerous factors related to mortality such as alcohol consumption and smoking . ''
The unique survey also found no link between coffee consumption and death risk .
And it confirmed a ``weak '' connection of coffee or tea to heart attack risk -- but not to other cardiovascular conditions such as stroke .
The study was conducted by the health maintenance organization Kaiser Permanente and was reported Wednesday in the Annals of Epidemiology .
6 . Caffeine and depression .
7 . Caffeine and your metabolism .
Caffeine increases the level of circulating fatty acids .
This has been shown to increase the oxidation of these fuels , hence enhancing fat oxidation .
Caffeine has been used for years by runners and endurance people to enhance fatty acid metabolism .
It 's particularly effective in those who are not habitual users .
Caffeine is not an appetite suppressant .
It does affect metabolism , though it is a good question whether its use truly makes any difference during a diet .
The questionable rationale for its original inclusion in diet pills was to make a poor man 's amphetamine - like preparation from the non-stimulant sympathomimetic phenylpropanolamine and the stimulant caffeine .
( That you end up with something very non-amphetamine like is neither here nor there . )
The combination drugs were called " Dexatrim " or Dexa - whosis ( as in Dexedrine ) for a reason , namely , to assert its similarity in the minds of prospective buyers .
However , caffeine has not been in OTC diet pills for many years per order of the FDA , which stated that there was no evidence of efficacy for such a combination .
From Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics : Caffeine in combination with an analgesic , such as aspirin , is widely used in the treatment of ordinary types of headache .
There are few data to substantiate its efficacy for this purpose .
Caffeine is also used in combination with an ergot alkaloid in the treatment of migrane ( Chapter 39 ) .
Ergotamine is usually administered orally ( in combination with caffeine ) or sublingually [...]
If a patient cannot tolerate ergotamine orally , rectal administration of a mixture of caffeine and ergotamine tartarate may be attempted .
The bioavailability [ of ergotamine ] after sublingual administration is also poor and is often inadequate for therapeutic purposes [...] the concurrent administration of caffeine ( 50 - 100 mg per mg of ergotamine ) improves both the rate and extent of absorption [...]
However , there is little correspondence between the concentration of ergotamine in plasma and the intensity or duration of therapeutic or toxic effects .
Caffeine enhances the action of the ergot alkaloids in the treatment of migrane , a discovery that must be credited to the sufferers from the disease who observed that strong coffee gave symptomatic relief , especially when combined with the ergot alkaloids .
As mentioned , caffeine increases the oral and rectal absorption of ergotamine , and it is widely believed that this accounts for its enhancement of therapeutic effects .
Nowadays most of researchers believe that the stimulatory actions are attributable to the antagonism of the adenosine .
Agonists at the adenosine receptors produce sedation while antagonists at these sites , like caffeine and theophylline induce stimulation , and what is even more important , the latter substance also reverse agonists - induced symptoms of sedation , thus indicating that this effects go through these receptors .
Another possibility , however , is that methylxanthines enhance release of excitatory aminoacids , like glutamate and aspartate , which are the main stimulatory neurotransmitters in the brain .
As to the side effects : methylxanthines inhibit protective activity of common antiepileptic drugs in exptl .
animals in doses comparable to those used in humans when correction to the surface area is made .
It should be underlined , that although tolerance develop to the stimulatory effects of theo or caffeine when administered on a chronic base , we found no tolerance to the above effects .
This hazardous influence was even enhanced over time .
Therefore , it should be emphasized that individuals suffering from epilepsy should avoid , or at least reduce consumption of coffee and other caffeine - containing beverages .
* Miscellaneous 1 . How do you pronounce mate ?
MAH - teh .
MAH like in malt , and - teh like in Gral .
Patten .
2 . How do you spell Colombia / Colombian ?
3 . How do you spell Espresso ?
By far , the most common spelling used throughout the world today is " espresso " .
This is a shortened form of the original Italian name for the drink " caffe espresso " ( accent marks omitted ) .
This spelling is considered to be the correct spelling by the vast majority of of coffee consumers , vendors , retailers , and producers .
Some English language dictionaries also list " expresso " as a variant spelling .
However , this does not mean the spelling is ' equally valid ' .
( see the post by Jesse Sheidlower included below )
It was pointed out during the great " espresso vs. expresso " debate ( spring 94 ) that the Italian alphabet does not even contain the letter " X " , which is incorrect .
Further , it was discovered that at least three dictionaries contained incorrect definitions of the word " espresso " .
The American Heritage Dictionary gave the following definition : " A strong coffee brewed by forcing steam under pressure through darkly roasted , powdered coffee beans . "
The Oxford English Dictionary said : " Coffee brewed by forcing steam through powdered coffee beans " The Webster New World Dictionary gives : " coffee prepared in a special machine from finely ground coffee beans , through which steam under high pressure is forced . "
All three of these are wrong .
In fact , espresso is a strong coffee brewed by quickly forcing hot water through darkly roasted , finely ground coffee beans .
( Some espresso makers do use steam , but only to force the hot water through the ground coffee .
The steam NEVER touches the coffee .
Many espresso makers use no steam at all .
Instead , they use either a pump or a piston to quickly force hot water through the ground coffee . )
Once these errors and the origins of the word " espresso " had been pointed out , the argument " but expresso is in the dictionary " quickly began to crumble .
The final death blow to this position came in a post by dictionary editor Jesse Sheidlower .
This post is reproduced in its entirety below : Jesse Sheidlower writes I find this thread fascinating .
I regret that it demonstrates an unfamiliarity with dictionaries and how to use them , but no matter .
I believe that I am the only dictionary editor to participate in this discussion , so let me waste a bit more bandwidth addressing some of the points made so far , and introducing a few others : o The OED , Second Edition , does include _espresso_ and _expresso_ , the latter being a variant of the former .
It correctly derives it from Italian _caffe espresso_ .
[ Accents left off here . ]
Whoever claimed it derives the term from a would - be Italian _caffe expresso_ was in error .
o
There _is_ an " x " in Latin and Italian .
Mike Oliver points out that there are two italian alphabets , one ( il tradizionale ) with no w , x or y , and the other one with all the letters in the english alphabet .
The latter seems to be the one currently in use .
( Reference : Il grande dizionario Garzanti della lingua italiana , Garzanti Editore s.p.a , 1987 ) .
o
There are four major American dictionaries ( published by Merriam Webster , Webster 's New World , Random House , and American Heritage ) .
The most recent edition of each gives _espresso_ as the main form , and _expresso_ as a variant only .
The fact that _expresso_ is listed in the dictionary does not mean that it is equally common : the front matter for each dictionary explains this .
The person who claimed that three dictionaries including OED give _expresso_ as " equally valid " was in error .
o Dictionaries , in general , do not dictate usage : they reflect the usage that exists in the language .
If a dictionary says that _espresso_ is the main spelling , it means that in the experience of its editors ( based on an examination of the language ) , _espresso_ is notably more common .
It does not mean that the editors have a vendetta against _expresso_ .
o
To the linguist who rejects the authority of dictionaries : I agree that language is constantly changing ; I 'm sure that every dictionary editor in the country does as well .
Dictionaries are outdated before they go to press .
But I think they remain accurate to a large extent .
Also , if you are going to disagree with the conclusions of a dictionary , you should be prepared to back yourself up .
I can defend , with extensive written evidence , our decision to give _espresso_ as the preferred form .
o
The spelling _espresso_ is the form used by the copy desks of the _New York Times , _ _Gourmet , _ _Bon Appetit , _ The _Wine Spectator , _ the _Wall St. Journal , _ the _L.A. Times , _ _Time , _ _Newsweek , _ and to my knowledge every other major or minor newspaper or magazine , general or food - related , in the English - speaking world .
The fact that a handwritten menu on an Italian restaurant door spells it " expresso " is trivial by comparison .
o
In sum : though both _espresso_ and _expresso_ are found , the former is by far the more common .
It is also to be favored on immediate etymological evidence , since the Italian word from which it is directly borrowed is spelled _espresso_ .
The form _espresso_ is clearly preferred by all mainstream sources .
4 . Where did the term " cup of joe " come from ?
Legend has it that the origin is a follows The U.S. Navy used to serve alcoholic beverages on board ships .
However , when Admiral Josephus " Joe " Daniels became Chief of Naval Operations , he outlawed alcohol onboard ships , except for very special occasions .
Coffee then became the beverage of choice , hence the term " Cup of Joe . " * Coffee Recipes and other beverages .
1 . Espresso After living in Italy ( Rome ) for two years and living off espresso , Mr. X have found American espresso does n't cut it .
Heres how to do it .
o
Get good dark roasted espresso beans , imported Italian brand if you can find it .
o Pack your strainer real full .
Pack it hard .
your instructions will say NOT to pack it , but do n't listen .
o Do n't use too much water .
Espresso in Italy is as thick as syrup .
Very thick .
o
Add two spoons of sugar , it 's a sweet , thick liquid in Italy .
Drink fast .
Enjoy .
If using a stove top espresso machine , clean after each use , paying attention to the seal and strainer .
1 . For best results , get arabica beans that have been roasted dark ( " Italian Roast " is darkest ) and are oily - looking .
Other roasts are for other types of brewing : espresso machines wo n't draw the earthy flavour of Sumatran out , for example .
A small amount of other beans might add a nice note to the flavour , though ( I 've had surprising success adding a few of Thanksgiving Coffee 's " High - Caffeine Pony Express " beans , which are actually robusta beans from Thailand ) .
2 . Grind those beans until they 're very fine , but not quite a powder .
Put them into the appropriate piece of your machine and tamp it down ( but do n't pack all the grounds in tight ) .
3 . Watch the espresso as it drips down .
Does a nice layer of foam form on the top ?
If it does , all is well ; that foam is made from the flavourful oils , and it is called crema .
If not , go to the coffee roaster and demand quadruple your money back .
4 . Never make more than 2 oz at a time .
If you 're making two cups of espresso , make two separate shots .
This is important .
The idea is that the water rushes through and draws out only the most flavourful part of the grounds .
More than 2oz and you 're drawing out less flavourful stuff and diluting your espresso .
If you 're really hardcore , make only 1 oz at a time ; this is called caffe ristretto .
2 . Chocolate covered espresso beans
You wo n't get single , glossy beans , but the taste is there !
1 . Put dark roast coffee beans on a waxpaper - covered baking sheet .
2 . Melt some chocolate by puting a container with the chocolate in a pan of boiling water , stir the chocolate when it is getting hot .
Some experimentation regarding what chocolate to use is in place .
I used chocolate chips of from Girardelli .
One should probably aim for dark and not too sweet chocolate .
3 . Pour the chocolate over the beans and smear it so that each bean is covered - you should have a single layer of covered beans not too far apart .
4 . When the beans have cooled off a little bit , put the sheet in the fridge / freezer .
5 . When solid , break off a piece and enjoy .
3 . Cappuccino Disclaimer : People prepare cappuccino in many different ways , and in their very own way each one of them is correct .
The following recipe , which is commonly used in Latin countries , has been tasted by several of my North - American friends and they unanimously agreed that cappuccino prepared using this recipe tastes much better than the standard fare in USA / Canada .
Start with cold milk ( it does n't really need to be ice - cold ) , use homo milk or carnation .
2 % or skim is just not thick enough ( admittedly , it is easier to produce foam with skim milk ) .
Place the milk on a special cappuccino glass with a cappuccino basket .
( Cappuccino glasses have a thinner bottom ) .
Aerate the milk near the top , within 2 cm ( 1 in ) of the top .
Move the glass down as the milk aerates .
It is a good idea to have an oscillating motion while aerating the milk .
Aerating the milk in another container , then pouring in a glass and adding the foam with a spoon is sacrilege .
Anybody who has done so should make a pilgrimage to San Francisco 's Girardelli's .
Otherwise entry to heaven will be denied ( god , is after all , Italian .
At least the catholic one ) .
If you need to aerate the milk on a separate container , aerate exactly the amount of milk required for one cup , so no need to add foam with a spoon .
Once the milk has been aerated , promptly clean the aerator with a wet rag .
Failure to do so will quickly result in rotten milk flavour coming from the aerator .
Another warning on similar lines applies to restaurant type coffee machines : leave the aerator valve open when powering the machine up and down .
When the machine is off a partial vacuum is formed in the boiler that will suck milk residue into the boiler .
This then coats the inside of the boiler and can cause bad smelling steam until the boiler is flushed .
Some machines have a vacuum bleed valve to prevent this problem but many do n't .
Wait for the steam pressure to build up again ( for some cappuccino makers wait time is near zero , for others it maybe as long as 60 secs ) .
Prepare the espresso coffee , you may add it directly on to the glass if possible or use a cup and then pour it from the cup on the milk .
According to Jym Dyer :
In Italy , the milk is added TO the espresso , not the other way around , that way the milk is floating ; on top , where you then add the sugar , and stir it up .
Cappuccino tastes better when is really hot , and has two teaspoons of sugar .
( small teaspoons , like the ones in expensive silverware ) .
Then accompany said cappuccino with a warm tea bisquet or english muffin with marmalade , or alternatively with a baguette sandwich or panini .
4 . Frappe Frappe coffee is widely consumed in parts of Europe and LatinAmerica especially in summer .
Originally was made with cold espresso .
Nowadays is prepared in most places by shaking into a shaker 1 - 2 teaspoons of instant coffee with sugar , water and ice - cubes and it is served in a long glass with ice , milk to taste and a straw .
The important thing is the thick froth on top of the glass .
5 . How to make your own chocolate
Here 's the recipe for making a real chocolate beverage .
Important steps are in boldface .
Ingredients o 1 - 2 kg ( 2 - 4pounds ) of cocoa beans .
o A manually operated grinder .
Instructions o
Sift through the beans removing any impurities ( pieces of grass , leaves , etc ) .
o
Place the beans in a pan ( no teflon ) and roast them .
Stir frequently .
As the beans roast they start making " pop " sounds like popcorn .
Beans are ready when you estimate that approx 50 - 75 % of the beans have popped .
Do not let the beans burn , though a bit of black on each bean is ok .
o Peel the beans .
Peeling roasted cocoa beans is like peeling baked potatoes :
The hotter they are the easier it is to peel the darn things , at the expense of third degree burns on your fingers .
( Tip : Use kitchen mittens and brush the beans in your hands ) .
If the beans are too hard to peel roast them a bit longer .
o Grind the beans into a pan .
They produce a dark oily paste called " cocoa paste " .
o
The oil in the cocoa has a bitter taste that you have to get used to .
I like it this way , but not all people do .
Here are the alternatives :
With oil , which gives you a richer flavour : Spread aluminum foil on a table and make small pies of chocolate , about 1 / 4 of an inch high , and 6 inches in diameter .
Let them rest overnight .
The morning after they are hard tablets .
Remove them from the aluminum foil and rap them in it .
Store in the freezer .
Without oil , some flavour is gone , less bitter , weaker ( whimper ) chocolate :
Put the paste inside a thin cloth ( like linen ) , close the cloth and squeeze until the oil comes out .
If you manage to get most of the oil out , what is left is high quality cocoa powder , like Droste's .
What is left now is either bitter tablets or bitter cocoa powder .
You can now make a nice beverage as follows : o Boil a liter of milk ( or water , like in ancient Mexican style .
Like water for chocolate , " Como agua para chocolate " : you know ) .
o
When the milk is warm ( not hot ) add a chocolate pie in pieces .
Stir with a blender ( but be careful !
the blender 's electric cord should NOT touch the pot or any other hot thing around it ) .
o
When the chocolate has dissolved add 1/2 - 3/4 cups of sugar ( depending how sweet you like your chocolate ) and blend in fast .
Make sure the sugar is completely dissolved in the chocolate otherwise it would be bitter no matter how much sugar you may add afterwards .
o
Add a teaspoon of cinnamon or natural vanilla flavour ( artificial vanilla flavour with chocolate results in an awful medicine like flavour ) if you like , and blend again .
o
Let the mixture boil , when it starts to get bubbly quickly remove the pan from the stove top , and rest the bottom against a soaked cloth .
Put again on stove top , it should get bubbly almost immediately , remove once again and repeat one last time .
This aerates the chocolate which enhances flavour .
o
In a mug , put about 1/2 - 3/ 4 of the chocolate mixture , and add cold milk , until the temperature and / or the concentration of the flavour is right for your tastes .
Accompany with French Pastries .
Yum Yum !!
Enjoy !
6 . How to make the best cup of coffee ?
The best coffee I ever tasted was while in the coffee growing regions of Mexico , in the state of Veracruz , in the town of Coatepec .
The quality of the coffee was mostly due to the method of preparation than to the quality of the grains ( which is at about the same level as an average colombian coffee ) .
Here 's how to make it : o Grind the coffee grains from coarse to very coarse .
o Boil in a pan a litre of water ( four cups ) .
o
When the water is boiling , turn off the stove and add 8 - 12 table spoons of coffee ( 2 - 3 spoons per each cup ) .
o
Add two - three teaspoons of sugar per cup ( for a total of 8 - 12 spoons of sugar ) .
o
Stir very slowly ( the water is so hot that the sugar dissolves mostly on its own ) .
o
Let the coffee rest for about 5 minutes .
o Strain the coffee using a metal strainer !
Like the ones used for cooking .
The strainer should be like the ones used by granny for making tea .
The diameter is a bit smaller that a cup , with a semi- sphere shape .
o
This coffee has grit in the bottom , even after being strained .
Therefore do not stir the pot or the cup .
If the coffee is shaked , let it rest for about five minutes .
Needless to say , do not drink the last sip of coffee from the cup : it 's all grit .
If you want to add milk , add carnation .
Warning :
This coffee may fool you ' cause it has a very smooth taste but is extremely strong .
Caffeine content per millilitre is right there with espresso , but you can't tell !
Note :
For some strange reason , when preparing this coffee I tend to have a success ratio of about one out of two attempts .
I still do n't know what I 'm doing wrong , since , as far as I can tell , always repeat the same steps .
Perhaps sometimes I do n't let the coffee rest long enough .
This type of coffee is similar in nature to the French press .
And in principle , you could possibly add sugar to the ground coffee , then pour water , and lastly press with the strainer .
7 . Turkish Coffee Turkish coffee is prepared using a little copper pot called raqwa .
Use a heaping teaspoon of very finely ground coffee and , optionally , one heaping teaspoon of sugar ( to taste ) .
Use about 3 oz of coffee .
[ Add the sugar only just before boiling point . ]
Turkish coffee without sugar is called sade , with a little sugar is " orta s, ekerli " and with lots of sugar is " c , ok s, ekerli " .
The trick of it is to heat it until it froths pour the froth into the coffee dup and heat it a second time .
When it froths again , pour the rest into the cup .
The grounds will settle to the bottom of the cup as you drink the coffee and towards the end , it 'll start to taste bitter and the texture will be more like wet coffee grounds than a drink .
As soon as this happens stop or your next sip will taste really , really bitter .
Instead , turn your cup upside down on the saucer , and let someone read your fortune !
8 . Irish Coffee Ingredients o Sturdy wine glass or glass with stem o 1 teaspoon sugar o 1 or 2 tablespoon Irish whiskey o black coffee o cream , lightly whipped Instructions 1 .
Place spoon in glass .
Heat glass by pouring in warm water .
When glass is warm , pour out the water .
Leave spoon in glass .
2 . Put sugar , whiskey and coffee in glass .
Stir to dissolve sugar .
Still leave spoon in glass .
3 . Now for the tricky bit :
Put dollop of cream on top , allow the cream to slide down the back of spoon ( the spoon which was in the coffee ) , the tip of the spoon should remain in the coffee .
Be careful not to stir after the cream has been added .
The cream should form a foamy layer about 1 cm ( or half an inch ) thick on top of the black coffee .
9 . Thai Iced Coffee
Make very strong coffee ( 50 - 100 % more coffee to water than usual ) , use something like Cafe Du Monde which has chicory in it .
Pour 6 - 8 oz into cup and add about 1 Tbs sweetened condensed milk .
Stir , then pour over ice .
You 'll have to experiment with the strength and milk so you get lots of taste after the ice / water dilutes it .
Alternatively , this version which comes from a newspaper article of many years ago simply calls for grinding two or three fresh cardamom pods and putting them in with the coffee grounds .
Make a strong coffee with a fresh dark roast , chill it , sweeten and add half - and - half to taste .
Lastly , we have the following recipe : Makes 1 8 - cup pot of coffee o 6 tablespoons whole rich coffee beans , ground fine o 1 / 4 teaspoon ground coriander powder o 4 or 5 whole green cardamom pods , ground o Place the coffee and spices in the filter cone of your coffee maker .
Brew coffee as usual ; let it cool .
o
In a tall glass , dissolve 1 or 2 teaspoons of sugar in an ounce of the coffee ( it 's easier to dissolve than if you put it right over ice ) .
Add 5 - 6 ice cubes and pour coffee to within about 1 " of the top of the glass .
o
Rest a spoon on top of the coffee and slowly pour whipping cream into the spoon .
This will make the cream float on top of the coffee rather than dispersing into it right away .
o
To be totally cool , serve with Flexi - Straws and paper umbrellas ...
One other fun note : I got a fresh vanilla bean recently and put it to good use by sealing it in an airtight container with my sugar .
The sugar gets the faintest vanilla aroma and is incredible in Real Chocolate Milk ( TM ) and iced coffee .
One final note : this would probably be even better with iced espresso , because the espresso is so much more powerful and loses its taste less when it 's cold .
Another recipe : o Strong , black ground coffee o Sugar o Evaporated ( not condensed ) milk o Cardamom pods Prepare a pot of coffee at a good European strength ( Miriam Nadel suggests 2 tablespoons per cup , which I 'd say is about right ) .
In the ground coffee , add 2 or 3 freshly ground cardamom pods .
( I 've used green ones , I imagine the brown ones would give a slightly different flavour . )
Sweeten while hot , then cool quickly .
Serve over ice , with unsweetened evaporated milk ( or heavy cream if you 're feeling extra indulgent ) .
To get the layered effect , place a spoon atop the coffee and pour the milk carefully into the spoon so that it floats on the top of the coffee .
The recipe I have calls for : o 1/ 4 cup strong French roasted coffee o 1 / 2 cup boiling water o 2 tsp sweetened condensed milk o Mix the above and pour over ice .
I 'd probably use less water and more coffee and milk .
There is also a stronger version of Thai coffee called " Oleng " which is very strong to me and to a lot of coffee lovers .
6 to 8 tablespoons ground espresso or French roast coffee 4 to 6 green cardamom pods , crushed Sugar to taste Half - and - half or cream Ice cubes
Put the cardamom pods and the ground dark - roast coffee into a coffee press , espresso maker , or the filter of a drip coffee maker ( if using a drip - style coffee maker , use half the water ) .
Brew coffee as for espresso , stir in sugar .
Fill a large glass with ice and pour coffee over ice , leaving about 1 /2 inch at the top .
Place a spoon at the surface of the coffee and slowly pour half - and - half or cream into the spoon , so that it spreads across the top of the coffee rather than sinking in .
( You 'll stir it in yourself anyway , but this is a much prettier presentation and it's as used in most Thai restaurants . )
As with Vietnamese coffee , the struggle here is to keep from downing this all in ten seconds .
10 . Vietnamese Iced Coffee Same coffee as above .
Sweetened condensed ( not evaporated ) milk Ice Make even stronger coffee , preferably in a Vietnamese coffee maker .
( This is a metal cylinder with tiny holes in the bottom and a perforated disc that fits into it ; you put coffee in the bottom of the cylinder , place the disc atop it , then fill with boiling water and a very rich infusion of coffee drips slowly from the bottom . )
If you are using a Vietnamese coffee maker , put two tablespoons of sweetened condensed milk in the bottom of a cup and put the coffee maker on top of the cup .
If you are making espresso or cafe filter ( the infusion method where you press the plunger down through the grounds after several minutes of infusion ) , mix the sweetened condensed milk and the coffee any way you like .
When the milk is dissolved in the coffee ( yes , dissolved * is* the right word here ! ) , pour the combination over ice and sip .
Thai and Vietnamese coffees are very different .
Ca phe sua da ( Vietnamese style iced coffee ) o 2 to 4 tablespoons finely ground dark roast coffee ( preferably with chicory ) o 2 to 4 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk ( e.g. , Borden Eagle Brand , not evaporated milk ! )
o Boiling water o Vietnamese coffee press [ see notes ] o Ice cubes Place ground coffee in Vietnamese coffee press and screw lid down on the grounds .
Put the sweetened condensed milk in the bottom of a coffee cup and set the coffee maker on the rim .
Pour boiling water over the screw lid of the press ; adjust the tension on the screw lid just till bubbles appear through the water , and the coffee drips slowly out the bottom of the press .
When all water has dripped through , stir the milk and coffee together .
You can drink them like this , just warm , as ca phe sua neng , but I prefer it over ice , as ca phe sua da .
To serve it that way , pour the milk - coffee mixture over ice , stir , and drink as slowly as you can manage .
I always gulp mine too fast . :-)
Notes A Vietnamese coffee press looks like a stainless steel top hat .
There 's a " brim " that rests on the coffee cup ; in the middle of that is a cylinder with tiny perforations in the bottom .
Above that rises a threaded rod , to which you screw the top of the press , which is a disc with similar tiny perforations .
Water trickles through these , extracts flavour from the coffee , and then trickles through the bottom perforations .
It is excruciatingly slow .
Loosening the top disc speeds the process , but also weakens the resulting coffee and adds sediment to the brew .
If you can't find a Vietnamese coffee press , regular - strength espresso is an adequate substitute , particularly if made with French - roast beans or with a dark coffee with chicory .
I 've seen the commonly available Medaglia d'Oro brand coffee cans in Vietnamese restaurants , and it works , though you 'll lose some of the subtle bitterness that the chicory offers .
I think Luzianne brand coffee comes with chicory and is usable in Vietnamese coffee , though at home I generally get French roast from my normal coffee provider .
Of these two coffees , Vietnamese coffee should taste more or less like melted Haagen - Dasz coffee ice cream , while Thai iced coffee has a more fragrant and lighter flavour from the cardamom and half - and - half rather than the condensed milk .
Both are exquisite , and not difficult to make once you 've got the equipment .
As a final tip , I often use my old - fashioned on - the - stove espresso maker ( the one shaped like an hourglass , where you put water in the bottom , coffee in the middle , and as it boils the coffee comes out in the top ) for Thai iced coffee .
The simplest way is merely to put the cardamom and sugar right in with the coffee , so that what comes out the top is ready to pour over ice and add half and half .
It makes a delicious and very passable version of restaurant - style Thai iced coffee .
11 . Melya o Espresso o Honey o Unsweetened cocoa
Brew espresso ; for this purpose , a Bialetti - style stovetop will work .
In a coffee mug , place 1 teaspoon of unsweetened powdered cocoa ; then cover a teaspoon with honey and drizzle it into the cup .
Stir while the coffee brews ; this is the fun part .
The cocoa seems to coat the honey without mixing , so you get a dusty , sticky mass that looks as though it will never mix .
Then all at once , presto !
It looks like dark chocolate sauce .
Pour hot espresso over the honey , stirring to dissolve .
Serve with cream ( optional ) .
I have never served this cold but I imagine it would be interesting ; I use it as a great hot drink for cold days , though , so all my memories are of grey skies , heavy sweaters , damp feet and big smiles .
* Electronic Resources * Rocket Cola . * Administrivia 1 . List of Contributors
This FAQ is a collective effort .
Here 's a list of most ( all ? ) of the contributors .
However , if you have any questions , ask in the appropriate newsgroups , not the contributors .
If there is a concern that is specifically related to this FAQ , state the section number and paragraph and send to alopez-o@unb.ca o Oktay Ahiska ( oktay@rga.com ) o Marc Aurel ( 4-tea-2@bong.saar.de ) o Scott Austin ( scotta@cnt.com ) o Tom Benjamin ( tomb@panix.com ) o Jennifer Beyer ( jennifer@joltcola.com ) o Steve Bliss ( steveb@pcdocs.com ) o David Alan Bozak ( dab@moxie ) o Rajiv ( w94_bhatnaga@wums.wustl.edu ) o Trevor P. Bugera ( tbugera@spots.ab.ca ) o Jack Carter ( scjack@ausvm1.ibm.com ) o Richard Drapeau ( Richard .Drapeau@p1.f92.n282.z1.tdkt.kksys.com ) o Jym Dyer ( jym@remarque.berkeley.edu ) o Steve Dyer ( dyer@spdcc.com ) o Stefan Engstrom ( stefan@helios.UCSC.EDU ) o Lemieux Francois ( lemieuxf@ERE.UMontreal .CA ) o Scott Fisher ( sfisher@megatest.com ) o Dave Huddle ( jdh64@cas.org ) o Matt Humphrey ( matth@rocketcola.com ) o Tom F Karlsson ( tomk@mamba.csd.uu.se ) o Bob Kummerfeld ( bob@basser.cs.su .OZ.AU ) o Dr. Robert Lancashire ( rjlanc@uwimona.edu .JM ) o John Levine ( johnl@iecc.com ) o Alex Lopez - Ortiz ( alopez-o@unb.ca ) o Steven Miale o Alec Muffett ( alecm@uk.sun.com ) o Dana Myers ( myers@cypress.West.Sun.COM ) o Tim Nemec ( tim@netins.net ) o Mike Oliver ( oliver@math.ucla.edu ) o o Jim Pailin ( pailinje@ctrvx1.vanderbilt.edu ) o Dave Palmer ( arxt@quads.uchicago.edu ) o Stuart Phillips ( phillips@healthy.uwaterloo.ca ) o Siobhan Purcell ( PURCELLS@IRLEARN.UCD.IE ) o Cary A. Sandvig ( sandvig@rhea.cray.com ) o Jesse T Sheidlower ( jester@panix.com ) o Stepahine da Silva ( arielle@taronga.com ) o Michael A Smith ( mas@cyberspy.REMOVE_THIS.com ) o Mari J. Stoddard ( stoddard@gas.uug.arizona.edu ) o Thom ( thomd@atm.com ) o Deanna K. Tobin T.E. ( yakityak@dolphin.upenn.edu ) o Nick Tsoukas ( japetus@orfeas.chemeng.ntua.gr ) o Adam Turoff ( ziggy@panix.com ) o Ganesh Uttam ( g.uttam@ic.ac.uk ) o David R. B. Walker ( drbw@mail.che.utexas.edu ) o Orion Wilson ( moria@cats.ucsc.edu ) o Piotr Wlaz ( wlaz@ursus.ar.lublin.pl ) o Ted Young ( theodric@MIT.EDU ) o Steven Zikopoulos ( szikopou@superior.carleton.ca )
2 . Copyright This FAQ is Copyright ( C ) 1994,1995 by Alex Lopez - Ortiz .
This text , in whole or in part , may not be sold in any medium , including , but not limited to , electronic , CD - ROM , or published in print , without the explicit , written permission of Alex Lopez - Ortiz .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright ( C ) 1994 , Alex Lspez - Ortiz .
alopez-o@unb.ca
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Back ]
Home Page Please send comments to Alex Lopez - Ortiz ( alopez-o@unb.ca )
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alex Lopez - Ortiz alopez-o@unb.ca
http://www.cs.unb.ca/~alopez-o
Assistant Professor Faculty of Computer Science University of New Brunswick -- Alex Lopez - Ortiz alopez-o@unb.ca
http://www.cs.unb.ca/~alopez-o
Assistant Professor Faculty of Computer Science University of New Brunswick [ Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | RFC Index ]
Send corrections / additions to the FAQ Maintainer :
alopez-o@daisy.uwaterloo.ca
Last Update March 27 2014 @ 02:11 PM
Firefox Release Notes
Extensions installed under Firefox 1.0 may be incompatible and / or require updates to work with Firefox 1.5.0.2 .
Please report any issues to the maintainer of the extension .
When you install Firefox 1.5.0.2 , your Extensions and Themes may be disabled until Firefox 1.5.0.2 determines that either a ) they are compatible with the Firefox 1.5.0.2 release or b ) there are newer versions available that are compatible .
This is because Firefox changes from release to release and as such the ways in which some extensions integrate changes , meaning there can be problems when running an older extension with a newer version of Firefox .
If you find that your favorite Extension or Theme has not been updated to be compatible with this release of Firefox , write the author and encourage them to update it .
All Systems
Some firewall software may silently block Firefox from running .
Most firewalls will ask you whether to allow a program to connect to the Internet .
It 's important that you always grant Firefox access .
If you deny access , you must go into the firewall 's configuration program and re-allow access .
Even when disabled , some firewalls deny access .
Here is some more information on configuring your firewall .
If Firefox 1.5.0.2 is installed on a multi-user system in a location which is not writable by users , Firefox must be run once by a privileged user .
If this is not desirable , an empty file must be created in the following directory : < install - directory >/extensions/talkback@mozilla.org /chrome.manifest
Software Update will not work if Firefox 1.5.0.2 is installed to a location that you do not have write access to , since Software Update needs to replace or create files in this location .
If you disabled xpinstall in Firefox 1.0.x by unselecting the Allow Web sites to Install Software preference ( changed in Firefox 1.5 ) , go to about : config and set the xpinstall .
enabled preference to true to re-enable installs .
Older versions of Adblock may cause the Clear Private Data confirmation window to appear when Firefox 1.5.0.2 starts .
If you experience this , make sure you are using the newest version of Adblock or Adblock Plus .
Windows
When installing as a restricted - access user on a shared machine into a location that you can write to , there may still be negative side effects ( default browser / other keys not being set correctly ) .
The browser should still function however .
When installing as a restricted access user do not attempt to install over an installation in a restricted - access / shared location as this may destroy that installation .
attempt to install over an installation in a restricted - access / shared location as this may destroy that installation .
Firefox 1.5.0.2 may hang when closing after viewing a PDF file in some older versions of the Adobe Acrobat Reader plug in .
If you experience this , make sure you are using the newest version of the plug in .
Mac OS X
If you are running Firefox 1.5 or Firefox 1.5.0.1 on Macintosh computers with Intel Core processors under Rosetta , you will get upgraded to a PowerPC- only , Firefox 1.5.0.2 product via the automated update system .
You will need to download the Firefox 1.5.0.2 Universal Binary build from www.mozilla.org to take advantage of the native support for Intel - based Macintosh computers .
Java does not run under Rosetta .
There is no Talkback on Intel - based Macs when running natively or under Rosetta .
The Apple Crash report program should launch in the event of application crashes .
Linux and Unix systems
If Firefox 1.5.0.2 is installed to a location with spaces in the path , it may not be able to set itself as default browser and may keep prompting at startup .
The work around is to install into a path without spaces .
GNOME integration does not work properly with Fedora Core 3 .
Users of Fedora Core 3 will need to download and install linc - 1.0.3-3.1.i386.rpm .
After installing the RPM , perform the following command in the directory you installed Firefox 1.5.0.2 into ( you will need write permission ) : touch .autoreg
The next time you start Firefox 1.5.0.2 , GNOME integration should be functional .
The next time you start Firefox 1.5.0.2 , GNOME integration should be functional .
firefox - remote ( mozilla - xremote - client ) no longer works on urls containing commas , and is deprecated .
firefox - new - window /url / will open the url in a new window ; firefox - new - tab /url / will open the url in a new tab .
Web Page Rendering
Troubleshooting
Poorly designed or incompatible Extensions can cause problems with your browser , including make it crash , slow down page display , etc .
If you encounter strange problems relating to parts of the browser no longer working , the browser not starting , windows with strange or distorted appearance , degraded performance , etc , you may be suffering from Extension or Theme trouble .
Restart the browser in Safe Mode .
On Windows , start using the " Safe Mode " shortcut created in your Start menu or by running firefox .
exe - safe - mode .
On Linux , start with ./ firefox - safe - mode and on Mac OS X , run : cd / Applications / Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/
./firefox-bin - safe- mode
When Firefox is started in Safe Mode , all extensions are disabled and the Default theme is used .
Disable the Extension or Theme that is causing trouble and then start normally .
If you uninstall an extension that is installed with your user profile ( i.e. you installed it from a web page ) and then wish to install it for all user profiles using the - install - global - extension command line flag , you must restart the browser once to cleanse the profile extensions datasource of traces of that extension before installing with the switch .
If you do not do this you may end up with a jammed entry in the Extensions list and will be unable to install the extension globally .
If you encounter strange problems relating to bookmarks , downloads , window placement , toolbars , history , or other settings , use the Firefox Safe Mode to disable all extensions , themes , and optionally attempt to clean up any corrupted data .
Frequently Asked Questions
What can I do to help ?
We need all the exposure we can get .
Make it your mission to convert as many of your friends , family members and coworkers as possible .
If you 're a student , get it distributed at your college .
Submit a story to Slashdot and other news sites about the release .
Make some noise on your blog .
Mass distribution via the Internet is possible -- look at Kazaa .
Spread the word !
I use another browser because ...
If you 're not using Firefox , tell the development team why .
We read the feedback at the Firefox forums .
Why have n't you responded to the mail I sent you ?
Use the forums .
The Firefox team reads them regularly .
We all get a lot of email and your email may get lost .
Where can I get themes and add - ons ( extensions ) ?
Extensions and themes can be downloaded from Mozilla Update .
Who is working on Firefox ?
Lots of people .
See Help -> About Mozilla Firefox , Credits for a list of some of the people who have contributed to Firefox .
Where 's the Firefox source code ?
A tarball of the Firefox 1.5 source code is available for download .
The latest development code can be obtained by cvs .
Firefox - specific source is in " mozilla / browser " , " mozilla / toolkit " , and " mozilla / chrome " .
Please follow the build instructions .
Where is the mail client ?
Firefox works with whatever mail client is the default on your system .
However , we recommend Mozilla Thunderbird , our next generation email client and the perfect complement to Firefox .
How do I capitalize Firefox ?
How do I abbreviate it ?
Only the first letter is capitalized ( so it 's Firefox , not FireFox . )
The preferred abbreviation is " Fx " or " fx " .
The following resources contain useful information about Firefox :
Contributed Builds
These are unofficial builds and may be configured differently than the official Mozilla.org builds .
They may also be optimized and / or tested for specific platforms .
Solaris( Contributed by SUN Desktop Beijing team )
Tar ball format
firefox -1.5.0.2.en-US.solaris2.10-i386.tar.bz2 ( MD5SUM )
firefox -1.5.0.2.en-US.solaris2.10-sparc-respin_b.tar.bz2 ( MD5SUM )
firefox -1.5.0.2.en-US.solaris2.8-i386-gtk1.tar.bz2 ( MD5SUM )
firefox -1.5.0.2.en-US.solaris2.8-sparc-gtk1-respin_b.tar.bz2 ( MD5SUM )
README
Pkgadd format
firefox -1.5.0.2.en-US.solaris2.10-i386-pkg.tar.bz2 ( MD5SUM )
firefox -1.5.0.2.en-US.solaris2.10-sparc-respin_b-pkg.tar.bz2 ( MD5SUM )
firefox -1.5.0.2.en-US.solaris2.8-i386-gtk1-pkg.tar.bz2 ( MD5SUM )
firefox -1.5.0.2.en-US.solaris2.8-sparc-gtk1-respin_b-pkg.tar.bz2 ( MD5SUM )
README
Localized Builds
Many localized builds are now produced and distributed by Mozilla.org on behalf of their authors .
Visit GetFirefox.com or view All Systems and Languages to see the set of official builds that we offer .
Builds that have not yet been certified as official Firefox 1.5 localizations are available by browsing the FTP site .
